user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,295110,20975928,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,i still hack for fun,"1/15/15Will the game be priced differently during and after Early Access?“Initially available as a Steam Early Access title with optional in-game RMT marketplace purchases, H1Z1 will later launch as a Free to Play. Your Way™ title with optional in-game RMT marketplace purchases.”2/5/16Q: Will H1Z1: Just Survive and H1Z1: King of the Kill become Free-to-Play games after they come out of Early Access?A: At this time, we do not have any plans to make either H1Z1: Just Survive or H1Z1: King of the Kill Free-to-Play titles."
,Not Recommended,295110,21285388,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Nacho,Cash grabbing and more Micro transactions? NICE.-microtransactions-♥♥♥♥♥♥ gameplay-♥♥♥♥♥♥ devs-cashgrabbing-unfixed bugs-hackers-devs promise to make it into free to play but split into two games with LESS content on each one and DOUBLES the priceYou get it all with this game 10/10
,Not Recommended,295110,20977306,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Trubbish,"Money Whoring dev team, making promises and then going completely against them... Don't support dev teams like this."
,Not Recommended,295110,23255773,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Ducktor,"April 2014:H1Z1 announced! Free zombie survival game that will kick DayZ's♥♥♥♥♥Late 2014:H1Z1 Alpha announced, 19€ early access so we can fund this properly! Will be free once it goes out of Alpha late 2015!March 2015:H1Z1 postponed, Alpha will go through 2015 and be fully released in 2016, still free!Late 2015:♥♥♥♥ you Sony, we're going indie! We'll change our name to Daybreak!Late-late 2015:You know what? ♥♥♥♥ you community! We will split the game in two and charge DOUBLE! ♥♥♥♥ that free-when-finished deal, our fanboys will protect us!"
,Not Recommended,295110,17851558,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Dyl,"If you see this review, remember it was about 8 months ago now. I currently play it as it's fun :) Community if anything hasn't gotten worse but from a personal point of view I enjoy King of the Kill but Just Survive even more and with the new update coming out soon along with their new map makes me excited :) The points I make here are still valid but the game has progressed. Enjoy the review :DEdit: If you want this game for BR then this wouldn't really apply that much too be fair ^.^Also PvE is boring AF. PvP is fun on H1Z1 but I would enjoy a little cooperation :)If you're thinking of buying this game or only just bought it, please read this!I've played this game for a good amount of time now to say that I wouldn't recommend it no longer.I played this game about 1 month after launch and I have to say, it was the most fun I've had on a game in a long time but after a bit I quit. When I came back to it (about 2 months ago) I saw they added new stuff and I was happy but two major things affected the WHOLE game. Community and Hackers.I always tried to overcome the Hackers (having my base ♥♥♥♥ed up by them, loosing hours/days of work) but the community is something I can no longer handle after all of my hours spent into this game trying to not get mad at the people on this game.I wanted to bypass it and thought I'd give it one more go but instead I will literally let people kill me and see what happens (not being defensive) and I can tell you now it makes you realize what game you're playing.First death: Guy hit my twice with bow whilst I was alt-tabbed then said ""IF YOU DON'T ♥♥♥♥IN'STOP I'LL KILL YOU!"" So I stood still with my hands up (Was a fresh spawn on all of these deaths apart from fourth) and he shot me in the head saying ""Get rekt noob lololol""Second death: Guy said something in a different language then started to punch me until I died then called me ""♥♥♥♥♥""Third death: Geared guys in a car, let me live but then told me to leave then ran me overFourth death: Found a hunting rifle, and a pistol and came across a geared guy. I put my hands up (can't do any actions once you put your hands up, meaning no way can I do anything to him) and said ""Don't kill me please, I'll drop everything I have"" he said ""ok"" and as I dropped my stuff, he shot me in the chest with his shotgun.Yeah it's a long review and people might not actually read it but I was bored and wanted to help someone out if they were thinking of purchasing this game!At this current state, do not buy it. The community might even become better over time but that's something I wouldn't put money on :/Overall rating: 3Games great, but the community actually downranks the game that much that it's unplayable for me once you've had enough.Bonus story: Spent 2 hours helping this new guy and his brother gear up and learn the game more and when I had good loot and trusted them, they just shot me and tried to play it off as if it wasn't them. (Since they were new, we was still in a party and they didn't know how to leave lmao.)I still play this game because it's the only game I enjoy playing compared to my others :c Still hate itEdit: I don't really play H1Z1 no more but I appreciate peoples feedback and didn't expect it to get this many votes :D Also to the people saying I'm an idiot for trusting people, my point was that when I was vunerable, that's what the community was like. It's also like 4 man clans just killing you too with no cooperation. It's even more annoying when the cars or players don't render and they see you which makes them chase you for 20 minutes when you've just been gearing for 2 years :c I know I can deposit my stuff in a base but hey ho you get my point and hackers just ruin it anyway D:People still see this review?"
,Not Recommended,295110,14006879,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Gunslinger,"Review no longer applies do to changes in the game. I just dont like it, its turning into another WarZ hacker fest shoot on sight game."
,Not Recommended,295110,28325727,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,ChiefHunkyJunk,"Not worth the time and effort.I have over 200 hours of this game now, mostly played solo because my friends refuse to join and rightfully so. This game showed so much potential and the core gameplay is still good but the Devs are money hungry, lazy and could not give two ♥♥♥♥♥ about the community or the state of the game as long as it is making enough money. The only content they deliver now are crates and little to no bug fixes, and even that is getting slack.If Daybreak had pulled their heads out of their asses, they might have had a game worth being proud of and one that deserved the hype they got. Instead they have this sad excuse which keeps getting chipped away the more they try and fix it. They honestly couldn't care less.With the release of KotK (King of the Kill), they have shown how desperate they are to suck the life out of their players instead of fix what they have. Their original plan of having it free to play without micro-transactions is long dead. All they could care about is the next frostbite crate or whatever crap they could pull out of their♥♥♥♥♥Don't get me wrong, I love this game and I was even playing it the day I wrote this, but when just managing to get a friend to play only to have the countless bugs, toxic community and all over poor game ruin the experience. It's safe to say my eyes have been opened a little more to the condition of the game and its developers. I hope that this game gets the treatment it deserves by finally getting the bug fixes it needs or just getting removed from the hands of Daybreak, because at this point a toddler with a knife would be more responsible."
,Not Recommended,295110,20977067,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Cen7raL,"No longer free 2 play and will be two different  $20 games going forward? Here, have a bad review. SHAME"
76561198023343040,Not Recommended,295110,14966409,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Cry Wolf,"This game...I used to have such high hopes for this game. I grabbed it without hesitation when it first came out and enjoyed it since. However the last news from the developers made me lose all my hope on this game. Though I will still analyse it to clarifty why I do not recommend it. Here we go.Pro'sAmazing Gunfights, good weapon crafting also the bow feels kinda amazingCrafting is variable and funGraphicsThe game offers hilarious moments with a lively communityBRCon'sCheaters ( This includes Aimbots, Wallhacking, Teleporting, SpeedHacking and a ♥♥♥♥ ton of etc.)Sad attemps on cash grabbing by devs.As you can see, game has lots good content in it. I am not a hardcore Survival Genre fan however I managed to play this game above 50 hours. Game is really fun with friends, building bases, finding weapons getting loot is fun and it makes you feel like you are achieving something, progressing in a sense.However since the launch of the game there are hackers everywhere. People are teleporting through the map and using aimbots to take you and your friends down and your work goes to waste in the end. Though, I understand this is an early access and the devs are interested in the issue so this is not the biggest problem. It just keeps people from playing the normal gamemode.People who were frustrated with the hackers and other♥♥♥♥♥♥goes to play BR.BR is amazing, it is an amazing game mode and In my opinion even better than the original Arma 3 one. However, today devs decided on a new pass and made it official that they will use a pass which will cost something like  7$ for month. So If you want to play BR, you have to pay 7$ for a monthly pass.Firstly, they charged us 19.99 for a game in early access which will be free to play when released.Then they charged us for crates which contain ♥♥♥♥♥♥ cosmetics.And now they are charging us for playing the best gamemode the game has to offer.Everyone was afraid of this when a Russian Investment Firm purchased SOE and made H1Z1 their game but we sure do not expect that. I could spend hundreds of dollars for cosmetics like I did in DOTA 2 and CS:GO but I will not spend a penny in a game which charged people to play in early access and even creating a subscription for a gamemode in which hackers are all around the map and killing you without you could even spot them.This was a mistake made by DGC. And I will keep this post up until they change their policy to something which we can understand and support as their audience. Until then, as someone who played this game for over 90 hours-do not buy this game go spend your money and subscriptions on other games."
76561197978690717,Not Recommended,295110,33642396,Posted: 18 July,all,Swifty,Steam should really crack down harder on these companys. This game is a cash grab. Main developers left under new management. You should not allow in game purchases on a game that hasn't even left early access. It's beyond crazy.If you want a good true survival zombie game go with 7 Days To Die. Best survival out there that actually listens to players unlike this garbage studio. You had a decent game you ruined it now you're trying to milk every penny you can from what was once 1 game now becomes 2? What a joke.
76561198080102482,Not Recommended,295110,18895782,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,McCluck,"If you are interested in survival, DO NOT purchase this game.  The company responsible is also only after a cash grab.  The game is still in alpha and full of hacking/bugs and they are already milking the community for any microtransactions and cosmetic items that they can.  Stay clear unless you are just looking for a mediocre FPS."
,Not Recommended,295110,20978025,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,whitebandit,"Cash Grab, Micro transaction riddled, piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game. was Planned and announced to be Free To play, but now they are going to DOUBLE DIP and charge separately for half of the game they promised? ridiculous"
,Not Recommended,295110,14005001,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,G♿im,"Well , they decreased the quality of airdrop loot and gave the people refunds because of their false advertising. I respect that and call that a very fair move.I personaly got my refund and still wont recommend the game.Why?I still dont like the idea of paying for loot in survival games , because even if you wont abuse airdrops with big groups , its still like a dropbooster for the server you´re playing on.and MOST of all - Airdrops ARE a nice game event (see dayz mod ) but they should be rare , rewarding , other than in dayz spawning totally random (so its more exciting if you see one) and should be NORMAL part of the game. By selling them you took away all this points.So my Point is , f2p should be only Cosmetic or NOT BE. I´d rather pay 60€ for the game or a little monthly fee than having f2p affecting the gameplay.PS: HAIL LORD GABEN"
,Not Recommended,295110,20977206,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,ONLY PLAY,"Free to play they said... another failed early access game, and survival still sucks."
76561198065105021,Not Recommended,295110,20982987,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,England is my city,The H1Z1 Dev Team just ♥♥♥♥ed up worse than the Fine Bros
76561198124194087,Not Recommended,295110,19265448,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,FregO,"Normally I'd recommend this game (I even did when the game came out and I saw massive progression), but since Daybreak bought the license of H1Z1 from SonyOnelineEntertainment, the game is keep falling into a dark deep-deep gap.This game is advertised as a Survival Zombie Apocalypse game where you have to build bases, scavange, survive.The BattleRoyal (which is a deathmatch for real money/ or for tickets you get randomly by playing broken survival mode) is also mentioned as a test mod/part of the game where you can test your skills.Well this all sounds good on paper, but since the Daybreak totally abandoned the MAIN gamemmode, the Survival (which was the reason most of the players invested in this game) I can not recommend it anymore.The company advertised November 2015 as the month of Survival...yet they continue to fix bugs in BattleRoyal. Everything is about BattleRoyal in this game. H1Z1 != zombie survival game, but H1Z1 = deathmatch. That's what it is with lier developers.If you are interested in survival, don't get this game. Survival is really, I mean really boding, basically nothing happends in-game and update-wise either. To build a base, which will be most likely raided in no time by hackers takes days if not more. They don't even consider implementing features they promised long long ago, like barricading yourself in random buildings (which are currently part of the map), but I could mention less complex, more simple but important stuff, no. They'd rather not even touch the main game.I'd advise you to fallow this only if you are interested and if these lazy, lier, cashgrab devs take the minimal effort to care about most of the community and the Main Survival game, maybe ti will worth it. If they don't, is not worth investing in this game in the future either unless you buy it for the deathmatch which does not worth a single $ to me, is so cheaply made."
,Not Recommended,295110,20017598,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Liam Neeson,"So I got this game initially because of the promise of a survival mode. As most other reviews show, the developers mostly focus on the Arena and Crate side of the game - it makes them money.Still wanna try it? Read the following first.My friends and I (a total of about 8 of us) joined a PvP server after getting the basics down in PvE. We found some abandoned chests in the middle of nowhere filled with supplies (when the dev's DO ban players, they apparently destroy the base but leave storage containers?). We set up shop fairly quickly in the woods about a 2-3 minute walk from a housing development. Had all the walls, had some watch towers; I even went so far as to place structures on the second floor to act as a roof, so nobody could snipe in to the base from the mountain behind us.We had it good for a week or so. Ran in to a few solo players and groups here and there, but for the most part everyone just fired warning shots. Only one of us ever got killed on a supply run, but we always carried light anyway in case this sort of thing happened. During one such run, a guy out solo starts shooting at 4 of us, so naturally we shoot back and my friend popped him with a hunting rifle. Dude drops, so we go to loot his bag. He starts swearing up and down that we're all going to be sorry, etc etc and called us hackers. We shrug it off and go back to our base. Not 5 minutes later we have around 15 players outside of our base, ghosting through our ♥♥♥♥ing walls and killing all of us. They were also placing IED's ON our base, which to the best of my knowledge cannot be done unless you are in the group of the person who placed the foundation. It took them all of 5 minutes to destroy everything we built.I reported the players because we did manage to kill 2 of them (some of our group came back while we were under attack) and they miraculously were back at our base after respawning 2 seconds later. I never heard back from the developersI uninstalled and haven't played it since"
76561198011198144,Not Recommended,295110,21282438,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,BLOWN TRANNY,Was a great game until they stopped updating it and never used anticheat.   The Profession update from August was good... no wait that was just a dream...first 8 months of this game were good. get a time machine; otherwise save your money.
,Not Recommended,295110,18897925,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Bob Loblaw,Game has become giant free for all with all development going to battle royale and nothing meaningful for the core game.
76561198316150475,Not Recommended,295110,30535674,Posted: 15 March,all,TennisBone,"I quit H1Z1: Just Survive due to the hacking. Try spending weeks of time gathering, building, gearing - for it all to be gone instantly.  It's kind of like dying by getting hit by a train in real life - gone in an instant with nothing left.  I even have videos showing the items vanishing from my storage containers, items dropping on the floor right below me then vanishing, the sounds of the invisible hacker evident but no car, no people, just the invisible hacker and a video of them doing it.   Someone how they have unlimited space and the ability to take it all with them back to their base.Daybreak would do nothing to help me, nothing at all.  No items returned, no help with the hacker. I gave exact times, details and videos of it happening.  No help.  NO help.  NO HELP.After several times of this happening and hours wasted, why would anyone want to play this with ZERO support from the game maker?  ZERO support.  I repeat, ZERO support.  They just want your MONEY and NOTHING else.Daybreak, Try implementing an anti-cheat system before you fix other bugs. Invisible hackers are running rampant and THERE IS NOTHING YOU DO TO STOP THEM.   I may just get the hacks from them and do it myself so that everyone will quit or it will force Daybreak to actually lift a finger to fix it.Do not play H1Z1 Just Survive if you value your time or money in any way, shape or form."
,Not Recommended,295110,28520116,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Ashes,"First the devs include gameplay affecting microtransactions in an Early Access title after saying that they wouldn't.Then they put in paid cosmetics and a community market in place. Crates included.Then they split one game into two different games that both cost 20 bucks each.Then they completely ignore what the community wants and player feedback for numerous things.Then they don't fix bugs which have been present since the beginning and are quite frankly annoying.Then they completely ignore the hacker problem, which by the way, is on its own enough to ruin the game.And now they add freaking cosmetic DLCs. Not to mention this game has been in Early Access since the dawn of time and that the netcode is absolutely abysmal even if your ping and connection are good.H1Z1 isn't even that special if you choose to ignore the above, the game itself is mediocre. Stay away from this broken piece of trash game and anything developed by these greedy devs. I honestly regret spending money on this. If I could I would refund it."
76561197987132497,Not Recommended,295110,14006786,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,-HOTG-ODIN,"Pay to winAir drops containt weapons,ammo and back packs which they said they wouldn't doMy lord Gaben punish these lying delevopersAlso Ammo is impossible to find so more pay to win from air drops is needed.HOLY LORD GABEN REMOVE THY GAME FROM THY MARKET FOR THE GOOD OF ALL MENOne last thing hacks are now out already on the what third or fourth day? This game is crap don't even bother with it.Smedley also spoke out on the community’s response:""If you think it’s P2W don’t buy it. Don’t play it. But I have to say wait until you’ve personally tried them before making the call.""=====The president of sony==== word for word. He wants us all to spend 2.50 and "" try "" the air drop out for ourselves and he asures us it isn't pay 2 win."
76561198132744038,Not Recommended,295110,19565486,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,The Last Crumpet,"The developers of this game disgust me. I watched almost all of the videos showing off this game prior to release and I couldn't wait. They stressed the importance of the game NOT being 'pay to play'. Well guess what? It's pay to play. Certain game modes aren't available for free which therefore backs up my hating of the developers.I can't stress to you how much I hate these survival game developers. The game has had little content released during its 9 month stay here on steam, despite the amount of money the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥developers have made from it. The only reason I play this game is for the Battle Royale, the survival is aids.Don't buy this game, it's dog♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197981428662,Not Recommended,295110,19305378,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,effendi360,"Look how many hours I've played... 1800+That was waste of time - trust me.I bought this game for survival aspect. Not for Battle Royale. But it is very hard to survive in this world, where at least 50% (I think more) of players can see you and items trough walls because they have CHEATS. Company won't apply solid anticheat to this game, because they making most of the money on stupid cheaters, who are addicted to this stupid game and buying new accounts after they got baned. Every larger group on the server have at least one cheater in team who is giving an info tho the others, where players are.Sorry but it's impossible to play like this when u are not cheating. I've played since day one with hundred of players. Most of them moved to other games long time ago. I know this is alpha, but some bugs aren't fixed since begining and on top of that after some updates, new bugs appeared. Most of the weapon spawns are always in the same place so when u respawn, you go straight to that place when you'll find the gun, or another player, waiting with this gun already to kill you. Sorry but I've played Infestation before - and what so ever this game sucks too, there was not fixed weapon spawns and you had to look for the guns in every places. Optimisation sucks. I have GTX 970 and i7 2600K@4.4 GHz but my framerate drops sometimes below 30 in towns... We already know that some of the promises they made at the begining, won't happen. Map supose to be growing - it's not gonna happen. There supose to be weather changes - how the ♥♥♥♥ they want to do that ??? When they were testing rain - framerate was dropping to 15 on some computers...They just keep adding stupid crates, tshirts and more crap to buy for real money that no one needs.I think we need to wait another few years for someone to make good zombie survival game. After fail with Infestation I've put a lot of hope in H1Z1 and now I feel really dissapointed.DON'T BUY THIS GAME. DON'T LET THEM MAKE MORE MONEY THEY DON'T DESERVE !:::::::::::: EDIT :::::::::::After few month i started to play again. I build base, I made garden, I put ~50 plants of corn and wheat. Next day I log in everything was gone. Someone told me that now people don't even have to use HACKS. They GLITCH trough walls inside your base without any problems and destroy cars, steal plants...THANK YOU, F@#K YOU AND GOOD BYE."
,Not Recommended,295110,18894346,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Fuller,"Do NOT buy this game, developers have sold it to the public on a lie! it's not survival at all. REPEAT do not buy.They focused all attention on the BR version which is poor, go play Counter strike if you're looking for a shooter. All Survival mode attention has ceased and all promises by the devs broken.Go over to reddit and see how many lies they have told."
,Not Recommended,295110,26746424,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,ScreamingFrancis,"Once upon a time...- Its name was H1Z1- The game had a lot of potential- It was meant to be a F2P after first release- Hackers were to be gone forever- Bugs were to be fixed once and for all- Micro-transactions were to be eliminated- PvE was meant to be a real survival experienceNowadays:- No more updates planned (Alpha 4 life)- 19.99$/€ still after two years? Are you kidding?- Hackers are still there. Admins just ban some people but nothing changes.- No bug has been fixed since september 2016- Why should I use real life money to buy a stupid hat? Create game currency instead.- Two maps: one full of hackers, the other 20% completeUsed to love this. Now I want my money back.Bad game all the way."
76561198057077333,Not Recommended,295110,31011636,Posted: 8 April,all,♣♦ Aram ♥♠,"MAKE SURVIVAL SERVERS WITH NO BASE BUILDING ALREADY!!!  I used to love this game - played w a friend all over 400 hours.  I never played game that got my adrenaline pumping as much, and no two interactions with strangers were ever alike.  We were double-cross, and learned to double-cross.  We hid in the shadows, pistols drawn, and footsteps drew nearer.  We made innocent victims fight eachother to the death, handcuffed lone travelers and beat them with our fists for the fun of it, and we ran for miles in the wilderness looking for berries as zombies chased us everywhere we went.  Those were the good days.  Before they turned the game into minecraft.  There are bases EVERYWHERE.  Big, Giant, rediculous, indestructible, sometimes floating, bases as far as teh eye can see.  They restricted it, which means now 10% of the map you can't build on.  SO everywhere else people are building the Great Wall of China out of base materials for absolutely no reason.  Simply a testament to how lame the developers have alowed this game to become.  Did I mention they are indestructable?  Good luck finding any cars since they are hoarded in bases, at least now they decay, as I have been finding cars last couple times I played.  But basically you play for hours, and if you happen to run into anyone they will RDM kill you, especially if they have a base and endless supplies horded.  Otherwise, you get sniped by some jackass, also sitting in his base.  Did I mention they practically indestructable?  Only takes like 60 IED's to bust open a sheet metal door.  Axe?  Crowbar?  No way, IEDs to breach sheet metal and wooden structures.  So essentially, in the post-apocolyptic future, instead of using all the empty structures all over, we are going to hand build wooden/sheet metal mega strip malls.  And they got rid of handcuffs.  Obviously they don't want this game to be fun.  And lastly, seperating Just Survive and KOTH is incredibly lame way to limit players in either version."
,Not Recommended,295110,18897752,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,ENIX,"This game is fun for a while, but the novelty quicky wears off when you begin to notice all the broken little things going on around you. Items are glitchy and bugged, the servers are laggy, and the dev team is...well, they ain't bright.The whole thing is basically a cash grab. And that's fine. You know, capitalism and all...but do you really want to give your money to a dev team that doesn't do anything of substance? I wish I hadn't.Please don't buy this game. Don't support this developer.-Update 3/11/2016-Okay. So. I felt like my original review was a bit sparse. And with Daybreak's most hilariously broken update of the game to date releasing recently, I felt like revisiting it.Daybreak.I mean, what can I even say. I've invested nearly 800 hours into this game. I first got it almost a full year ago. One of the first things I noticed was super bugged was a skinned item called the ""His Regards"" machete, which is just a machete with a cosmetic skin on it.Somehow, in the process of applying that skin, the machete loses all value as a weapon. It has no range in melee and becomes usable only at point blank range. When you use it in first person the animation bugs and your character grabs the blade and swings the handle. And when you put it on the ground, it looks like a tee shirt.It's been like that since I first saw it, about a week after I bought the early access pass.And that right there basically sums up this game's development cycle. Even after months and months of development, all they have is what they started with. They fix almost nothing, and they're constantly putting out new content that:A. is usually just as broken as the older content (and seemingly just as unlikely to be fixed)B. usually breaks the rest of the game somehow.For example, in this most recent update, they added a new zombie type and did some stuff with base permissions and somehow managed to break item stacking (?) and the game's camera (????). And they'll totally fix those things in 'the near future'.Anyway, with 800 hours in this game and almost a year of watching this♥♥♥♥♥♥under my belt, I could go on for pages.Forget this game exists. Check on it in about five years maybe. But in the meantime, run away. Run far away and never look back."
76561198114328639,Not Recommended,295110,34682166,Posted: 2 September,all,NewBurger,Just Survive? More like *Just Uninstall*
,Not Recommended,295110,26241349,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Papa Nelson LOVES Shayla,"-> Promised the game would be Free 2 Play. Went back on that promise.-> Promised it would be ported to the PS4. Went back on that promise.-> Added a minigame (Kill of the kill), then stripped it out so they can sell it as a separate game-> Hackers everywhere. Instead of fixing these networking problems, they banned a few people and left the bugs in there.-> Demanded a public apology from their community for ""hacking"" and in returned promised to unban those.-> Only unbanned 2-> Made a YouTube video bragging about banning those people. Still they never patched those bugs.-> Maybe 1-2 updates every half a year, only adding a few new models.Only played it for less than an hour. But I've been watching the game VERY closely for the past year. And all I can say to the developers is this......................./´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\..If you want an actual zombie survival game, that is AMAZING, purchase 7 Days 2 Die. Heck, they ported that to the PS4, Xbox One and even Linux (which is my main OS). You should definitely consider 7 Days 2 Die instead of this piece of trash."
76561198064106555,Not Recommended,295110,21000613,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,mrorange,"I liked the game in the beginning a lot. I had plenty of really intense moments and it was very satisfying to loot guns and building my own base.Like most of the gamers, I am also not satisfied by the split of the game into two.I DO NOT WANT TWO DIFFERENT GAMES IN MY LIBRARY. I DO NOT SEE ANY SENSE IN IT AND I THINK RATHER IT IS TRAP.And furthermore they are abandoning the free2play modell. So the game will be dead very fast. I was fine paying for the game in the beginning, but I don't like if game developers state something fundamental in the beginning of the release and do differently later.For this reason. Yes the game is fun, but I cannot support false adverstisement in game development any further. It is getting crazy recently.Therefore thumbs down."
,Not Recommended,295110,19796473,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Dosh 🍻,microtransactions in a early access game hell no dont buy this game!
,Not Recommended,295110,18664541,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,forest. #239,"Spend lots of hours trying to build up inventory and a solid base..Later.. hackers spot your base, use their ""instakill hack"" so everyone inside your base dies.. and then they raid it..This is what the game is like.. im done.. i would ask for my money back, but i have spent way too many hours in this game now..Don't buy this unless you are going to use hacks for yourself.. or if you're going to play PvE ..I'm done with this game.. untill they actually implement a decent anticheat .."
,Not Recommended,295110,33793420,Posted: 25 July,all,LEPRE,"This game is embarrassing to have on your library, I regret the day I purchased this game, because of the lack of content, even No man's sky gets more updates than this game."
,Not Recommended,295110,14733083,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Gon,"At first i admit, I had a really great time playing with friends. We built a base, scavenge, kill people and take over the police station. I'd say this is waaay better than dayZ. This game is almost perfect except for 1 ♥♥♥♥ing thing, THE HACKERS.We've scavenged our♥♥♥♥♥♥for days even weeks and then a chinese guy teleported to our spawn kill us all and took all our ammunition and drop all the loot on the ground. Not only that, he also found 5 of our hidden stash undergroud and did the same ♥♥♥♥ing thing. I join a server, a hacker teleported on me with a shotgun in the head, i join another server, the same ♥♥♥♥ing thing happens, every goddamn server. Don't get me wrong i still have fun sometimes with random people just trolling around. But this game isnt supposed to be about trolling around people. I'd give this game 3/10. Would not recommend. Get this game on full release and also when they remove hackers."
,Not Recommended,295110,21282319,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Mister Monday,"Ah, how they've managed to balls this one up. I have no doubt that 'Just Survive' will get absolutely no dev support while King Of The Hill or whatever will get regular P2W updates every 5 minutes.Stay away from this one."
,Not Recommended,295110,20655199,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,SixAM,"I know a ton of people are going to thumbs down this comment, but this game has some of the worst gunplay i've ever seen in any video game. You hardly even know if you're being shot, and you just randomly die. Terrible."
76561197970406673,Not Recommended,295110,20627932,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,011010110111100101110011,"Important update:This review for the game has ""sorta"" become obsolete, due the game splitting in half. Look up ""H1Z1: King of the Kill"". But most(as in 99%) of what is stated in this review still stands.UpdateDayBreak has been caught doing massive amounts of drugs.They are seperating the game into 2. The survival mode will be one game, and the other game modes will be another. Not bad, right? Well... for future customers, both games will cost 20€, EAch!Future customers will now have to pay double for what the game was for 20€. Also, items are not shared between games; The items you get in gameX, can only be used in gameX. Same will go for gameY. The only good thing out of this, is that there will be 2 teams for development, so Surival can finaly get some updates. But thats that.Oh, and they're porting the game to current-gen consoles. What the ♥♥♥♥DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. It is now a complete scam and cash grab.--------Here is 1 single reason why you shouldn't buy the game:It's never going to be finished.It's one of those games that seem to be promising at the start, but what happens is, when the game starts gaining a chunk of popularity, the devs will go away from working on the actualy game as much, and put in microtransactions. Yeah. Microtransactions in an ALPHA... The only not bad thing is that they are only cosmetic, which is ok, but not for this game.------------------------------------------ Devs lazy, greedy- Filled with not-too-gamebreaking but VERY annoying bugs- Runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥regardless of hardware- Microtransactions in alpha/early-access state, although cosmetic--- Really wierd microtransaction system- Meh servers- Meh engine- Needs daybreak account, even though your inventory is already handled by Steam.- Games sometimes don't seperate 1 or 2-5 player groups, resulting in unfair gameplay.+ Fun with friends (if you have them)-----------------------------------------You're helping by not investing. If its off on a sale for a good amount, sure, go ahead, but be warned of the things you've read."
76561198141463616,Not Recommended,295110,29641179,Posted: 1 February,all,TrogDoR,"The game that just gets worse. I bought this on day one and it had tons of potential and yet it has only gotten worse with each update. im not joking either. everytime it is updated they break something. u cant even smoothly chop down a tree anymore. when in first person the crowbar and axe are missing from your hands. they cant get rid of the cheaters and they just fire devs and hire new ones. this game is like a pie where everyone at a huge party adds an ingredient without consulting the others. its gonna be disgusting......... Also nice bs you guys pulled when u decided to ""split"" king of kill to a seperate game and charge new players for each one seperate. that game mode is what RUINED this game as soon as it was implemented."
,Not Recommended,295110,34273653,Posted: 16 August,all,John Stevens,"Ok, so as you can see by my hours, I can give an accurate review on this game - Before August 16 2017Bad -1. Daybreak Games literally do not care about the community. They have shown this by completely shutting everyone out while transitioning from Z1 to Zcancer. Zero transparency.2. They would implement bug fixes, but that would create new bugs. You would think that they would fix those bugs, right? donaldtrumpwrong.gif They wouldn't change a thing for 3 months at a time.3. Hacks Hacks Hacks Hacks. Start destroying a big clan and getting through their base? You better believe that they will bring out the hacks yeaaahhh booooooooooiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii4. Implementing crates instead of fixing clear issues.Good -1. Plain and simple consistent gameplay.2. Mad vibes with the boiz.3. Raiding wasn't complicated and straight forward.Look, this game was a hell of a lot of fun besides the negatives. You could just get a few vehicles, have 10+ people in your group and go clan fighting. Intense, fun gameplay. But, they just went downhill, and it just never recovered.Please, do not purchase this game. Not even on sale. A company that doesn't actually commit to their community doesn't deserve your money."
76561197973698768,Not Recommended,295110,23627933,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,HoLLoWBoTz,"I paid full price for this game when it was under Sony because I believed in the ideas behind the game.  I was looking for an alternative to DayZ as we know that it will never be finished. They told us that the game would be free to play and not pay to win. As you can see, they have lied on both counts.Under SoE, the alpha actually FELT like an alpha...tons of updates, stuff changing all the time. The game was literally being built around you. Then this daybreak nonsense happen. The game came to a halt and is now being sold pretty much in the same state as it was years ago. All they have really done is split the game in two parts to sell it twice.One half was supporting the bloodthirsty teenage Call of Duty kids (king of the kill). And the other is the Just Survive portion. The King of the Hill segment was originally just an extra fun thing to do on the side using event tickets that were found in the main game. It became popular for streamers to do it on twitch and generated more money, so it seems that all of the devs attention went there which left the MAIN GAME pretty much ignored.The ""Just Survive"" portion of the game has now been ignored and left in the state that it has been practically since release. It doesnt even feel like a zombie survival game. Its pretty much a slightly better version of DayZ with tacky base building. Overrun with hackers the game is now pretty much empty. Instead of whining about all of the failed expectations of this game, Ive come to a conclusion:We should all just stop buying games in early access alphas...What they are really offering is a game ""as is"" but hide behind the excuse of being in ""alpha"" when people start to complain about the state of the game.They have taken our money for an unpolished game. Do you think they will spend that money we spent to make drastic improvements on the game? Probably not.I'd really like to see some statistics on early access alphas that actually end up satisfying the customers expectations.customer - ""Hey this game is shity for tons of reasons!""devs - ""We know man, Its still alpha.""2 YEARS LATERcustomer - ""Hey devs, your game still has tons of problems, and starting to look graphically outdated now too..""devs - ""We know man, its still alpha.""In my opinion, we as customers need to stop funding these teams through steam that call themselves early access alphas. If you want people to test your game. MAKE IT FREE TO PLAY then ASK FOR DONATIONS.You would be surprised how many gamers (including myself) would donate money to a dev team with real aspirations aside from making a quick buck off of community starving for a game in this genre.Instead, they charge us full price for an unfinished game, capitalizing on the hype of a dream that will never be realized.They have already fufilled thier goal in making millions of dollars from us. It would be foolish of us to expect them to stay motivated in making a better game when theyve already sold it to us. Ask yourself - In 2016, with MILLIONS of dollars given to them for the development process, is this game of a high quality standard as it was promised to be? Infestation did it better...STOP BUYING PRODUCTS BEFORE THEY ARE FINISHED. WE AS GAMERS ARE TO BLAME."
,Not Recommended,295110,34020064,Posted: 4 August,all,XLG,"Game had potential, but just like a lot of early acces games.....it was abandoned. I would stay away from this one guys."
,Not Recommended,295110,19967426,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,no2,"What a s*** game this has become. After the amount of current people that are hacking and cheating in game, and after being falsley accused of cheating myself without any real proof and ultimatly banned permantly - I am glad this game has failed. Money sucking♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥is what that dev team are. Dont give them your money"
76561198127668238,Not Recommended,295110,14568474,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,PositiveMentalAttitude,"Crazy amout of hackers. I enjoy this game and still play alot, but in all seriousness, dont waste your time or money. The only people having fun in this game consistently are hackers. SOE, or daybreak as they are called now do NOT care about hacking. I have submitted over 12 emails of captured hackers and they do nothing. Its not even like its a small amount, its every server, its blantanly obvious and they do nothing. Hacking in this genre is so bad because unlike call of duty or PS2, when you die you lose everything. You spend time building or arming yourself to die to some 14 year old russian with ESP and Aimbot. Dont build a base and store ammo in it because it will get one shotted or no clipped by a hacker. The hackers are getting around HWID bans because the cheat sites are providing spoofs to protect them. Seriously, they have already made money off the people that bought the game and the hackers just get more copies and throw more money at them so why would they want to stop it? Its like the tobacco companies wanting to stop smoking. They dont. They can give a simple ban to someone every now and then and they just buy the game again and hack again. Its a genius money making idea, but its bad for those of us that would like to play the game and enjoy it. This game could of been so fun. Its not bad dying when its a good intense fight. Its so much fun! When a teleporting, wall hacking, no clipper aimbots you....its not fun. The server should pick up on players moving too fast or teleporting but they dont even try to stop it! Just move on and don't waste your time or money on this game."
,Recommended,295110,14312492,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,A$AP Grocky,"Everyone giving this game bad reviews because of airdrops or Sony getting acquired by an investment firm are kinda silly.I paid $20 for this game, and I've played 90 hours so far and plan to play many more.First off - to anyone who says airdrops are pay to win, you are completely wrong. Your chances of getting a gun from a paid airdrop are almost as slim as your chances are surviving with the loot that actually drops from the crate - I managed to single handedly steal an airdrop from 3 guys because they weren't even watching, but I didn't get a gun anyway, only IEDs, moonshine and some swizzle. Another airdrop I saw only dropped things like a waist pouch and wooden tools.So if you do manage to get a SINGLE gun from an airdrop, you will have to be1) extremely lucky to actually get an airdrop containing a gun2) extremely lucky to actually get the airdrop and survive the zombies and attacking players3) extremely lucky to survive more than an hour with the single gun you got from a crate - WHICH IS AN ITEM YOU CAN FIND IN THE WORLD ANYWAYDOESN'T SOUND TOO PAY TO WIN TO ME, BUT ANYWAY.Okay, so now you should be fairly convinced that airdrops are not gamebreaking. This game, is fun as hell. I had nobody to buy this game with and have made many friends (and enemies) by just running around and talking to the whacky people found all around the lovely H1Z1 map. Most people will stop for a chat (unless you have a gun and they also have a gun, then they will probably shoot you) and you can always have a good time within a few minutes of spawning on a high population server.I have no idea where I was going with this review, but this game is fun. Really, really, really, ridiculously fun.I love shooting people in the head with an arrow. I love getting shot in the head with an arrow. I love blasting nerds away with a shotgun. I love getting blasted away by nerds with a shotgun. I love the zombies. The zombies hate me. I hate the bears. The bears, also, hate me.Who cares what this game turns into? It's a great way to spend $20 and it's fun NOW. The changes they have been making have only been good, and anyone who thinks this game will turn into a horrible monstrosity of a videogame out of nowhere are probably the same people that think Obama is in the Illuminati and will shoot into space in a super secret alien aircraft if the world goes downhill.Anyway, buy this game and we can have fun together. I might even shoot you in the face with an arrow."
76561197997531497,Not Recommended,295110,32134610,Posted: 2 June,all,(IC) Darth Glasses,"I only play Just Survive on PvE servers, so this review is based on that experience only.PROs :-- Large, open world feeling.-- Interesting crafting system.-- Some items are more rare than others.-- Zombies are not too overpowered.-- Wolves are scary (heh, just like real life!)-- Building a base is fun and takes a bit of planning.CONs :-- Hackers and griefers, even on low population PvE servers.-- Once you have a vehicle and a base, there isn't much else to do.-- Zombies spawn slightly too often, feels more like work than fun sometimes.-- Too much nighttime mode.  Needs a few daylight only servers.-- A limited # of vehicles on a server = other players will hoard them.CONCLUSION :If you enjoy griefing other players, then this game is a BIG thumbs up for you.  You'll love it because there isn't any risk on your end.  But for everyone else, I'd recommend that you stay away (for now, at least).  Since this game is still ""under developement"" (for years now), there is no defense against players who hack and grief.  There is a way to report players, but you recieve zero feedback or resolution, so in the end it feels like all the time you spent building a base was wasted because you happened to cross paths with a hacker who can destroy everything you have in a minute or two.  It's an interesting game with some positives, but in the end I regret spending so much time on it.  I think that it would make an excellent single player game, though.  Sort of a last man on earth kind of thing.  Perhaps there already is a single player game out there like this one?  If you have read this far, can you give me a suggestion?  Would Farcry Primal provide a similar experience that this game does without the griefers?  Thanks!04 out of 10.  Thumbs down.  06/02/17(edited for spelling 07/02/17)"
76561198160381217,Not Recommended,295110,33414907,Posted: 9 July,all,I'm watching gay porn,"THE DEVELOPER STOLE THE MONEY FROM EARLY-ACCESS-SUPPORTERS TO MADE ANOTHER GAME AND PROFITS.There was no any hints or announcement that when I purchased that game that later the developer will spent their time, moeny, resource to make another game.And the game which I really want to purchase which just like ABANDONED.Why should I spend the moeny to buy a game I don't want?I had played the pure survive version before the ""King of the Kill"" annouced.When everytime I come back to this game within this year, the game still has no any significant improvement, the map and size was the same, the building and city amount was the same, the UI was the same, the graphic quality was the same (even I had changed 3 displaycards in these days), I just feel like playing a flash game now.Everything just like a time machine, no growth, no process, no a hopeful day of the end of early access.The only one thing they did was tuned the amount of zombies and resources.So the developer used more than one year to made more water or zombies only?????Now the developer was violated their promise, if take it more seriously, they destroyed the contract of trade, they indefinitely put off the product completion, they STOLE the buyer's fundings for an unrelated project to made another profits, they are unrespected for original supporters.THEY BETRAYED US.If you are the buyer before ""King of the kill"", I am highly recommand you to request refund for this ♥♥♥♥ing silly game."
76561198112728157,Recommended,295110,14358291,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Jw,"Long And Serious Review Of H1Z1 -So this game was given A LOT of hate and bad reviews because of ""P2W"" Airdrops and such, the problem was fixed so I decided to pick it up and try it for myself.I've played pretty much every zombie survival game you can think of to date, from DayZ, to 7 Days to Die, to Dead Island and etc. From all of these games I can honestly say H1Z1 is the funnest one out of them all to me. I'm going to give my input of the aspects of this game.Crafting:So the crafting system in this game is pretty solid, you can either choose between servers that give you a total recipe wipe, or some that doesn't. And the crafting is pretty simple, which is a good thing. It gives you a small, 4 box window of items you can place in. Let's say you place a piece of cloth inside a box, it narrows down how many recipes you can learn with the cloth, and it also shows you what you can use in your inventory to use with. This makes the game more playable for newer players who might not know what to mix together.Base Building:So we all like to group up with friends and build our little base up and defend. Well, in this game that's kind of pointless. There is no bed or sleeping system, meaning there is no location save. If you die, you're randomly placed on the map. Also, while they do give you the option to make your own base, it's easily broken in to. The doors that you can ""lock"" with a code are easily broken with melee weapons, and even fists if need be. This means that your crates filled with goodies will be taken, very quickly. And to add on to the factor that building a base is.. Pointless, zombies aren't a problem when it comes to being threatened. The most I've seen from a zombie swarm, or attack is 1-3 zombies slowly walking towards you. I don't even think they can break into buildings, windows, doors etc.Health/Water/Energy/Stamina System:This is probably my favorite part of the game. They have a 4 part system involving Health, Water, Energy, and Stamina. Like any basic survival game you'll need to eat and drink to survive.  Your health is quite managable, while zombies don't do near enough damage to kill someone in a few hits, that's easily healed with a bandage or two. Players on the other hand will mess you up with a knife or gun, you'll go through heavy damage and then bleeding will kick in and finish you off if you don't bandage soon. As far as Water/Energy goes, they did a good job with this. Your energy levels and thirst levels deplete in a quick manner, making you go into the world and explore to find supplies. But, the down side of this is that blackberries can ruin this for any player. You can simply walk into the woods and amass 100 blackberries in 5-10 minutes. Blackberries replenish about 2-3 energy/thirst, which is a lot when you have 100 blackberries in your inventory.Zombies:Okay so with this part of the game, I have A LOT to say, but I'm going to keep it short. H1Z1 is a zombie survival game without the zombies. You will find Zombies out in the open, maybe 1-3 together at a time. But.. There is no challenge when it comes to them, they're very slow, and they die to 2-3 shots to the chest with a bow, and one to the head. The health levels of the zombies would be fine if they were more deadly.. In the game you'll have the choice between choosing a PVE server (No PvP) Or a PvP Server. I don't see a reason at all to play a PvE server because zombies will probably never kill you. What I see that can be done with this is, change PvE servers (or maybe even both servers) to have a HEAVY load of zombies. Maybe change their speed, damage level, and health. It would be really fun to see swarms of zombies in packs of 10-30 at a time. It would add suspense knowing you're surrounded in a building, trying to scavenge for food. It adds that survival feeling. but at the time being, if you want to have fun on the game, just play in a PvP server and fend off the players. Hopefully heavy loads of zombies will be added.Players/Community:So the player base of this game is quite interesting. You will see many players, sometimes in groups, sometimes alone. This can either be a problem, or a good thing for newer players. Let's say I'm brand new to the game of H1Z1 or survival games in general, and I see a player, or maybe two. My first instinct is to maybe raise my hand in friendship, hoping to make a friend to help survive in the world. Well, this probably won't go so well for me, chances are the other player(s) will have a bow and kill me for what I have. This is not saying that every player in the game will KOS you (Kill on Sight) And I'm aware that there is nothing you can do to fix this problem but with being catious in the world, this is only a fair warning to anyone who reads this, Watch your back, everyone is an enemy.Hackers:So a lot of people thumbs down this game because of hackers. I play on DeadWood, a normally High Pop server. I don't have as many hours as some of the hardcore players, but I've only ever come across one hacker. And it wasn't a ""Flying Around like an Airplane, raining Arrow Missiles"" type of hacker. It was someone with a simple aim lock mechanic that would hit you everytime with a bow (Even around corners). Only once have I seen this. Maybe other players have encountered more hackers, I have not personally. And while hackers ARE a problem, I don't think it's as bad as most people make it seem.Map System:So you're normally not given a map in these games. In DayZ you could find pieces of maps, but not in H1Z1.  While some people will complain about not being able to find there way around, I personally think it's a good thing. The map is not very large and has maybe.. 3-4 major towns where most of the PvP happens. And to make things better, someone or SOE themselves (Sony Online) Added a map system in the Guides to help you out. All you need to do in game is type /Loc and you're given X, Y, and Z coordinates. All you do is go to the map in the Guides, or even google it, type in your coords and it find you on the map. If you're new to the game and don't know the map very well yet, this is an easy way to find friends and group up. And since the map isn't too big, getting to your friends isn't that much of a challenge.My Final Verdict:Personally, I absolutely love this game. For quite some time I've been waiting for a decent survival game and this one nailed it for me. I love logging on with a friend or two and getting into some trouble with other players. The only thing I don't enjoy so far is the lack of zombies, when and if that's fixed, I 100% reccomend at least trying it. If you're a person who doesn't enjoy PvP, and wants to mind your own in the world, then wait a while and see what they do with PvE servers when it comes to Zombies, they really need to add more of a challenge in that ascept.- Happy Hunting"
,Not Recommended,295110,25427365,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Doggochief,"Dear Developers, Thank you for ruining a promising game......................./´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\.."
,Not Recommended,295110,20981019,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,¯\_(ツ)_/¯ MIDS,"This is just a big cash grab! Don't waste your time with this game!Games dead 11/26/16Update - 1/4/17joinded a server, got looted, killed by hackers over and over again. Nice game ARK."
,Not Recommended,295110,19384206,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,That Guy ☆VG☆,"Absolutely Hilarious interactions in H1Z1, both in lobby and during the gameplay. The laughter is short lived though, as the draw towards cash grab Battle Royale wins easily corrupt the game into a Cheat/Team Filled environment that's very solo unfriendly.This drags the game away from it's initial intention of having it being a Post-Apocalyptic Survival game, and takes it into a Deathmatch Arena game. You lose all immersion into what the game was supposed to be and instead feel like you're stuck in the Hunger Games.Pros:+DayZ Style Deathmatch Mode (Battle Royale)Cons:-DayZ Style Deathmatch is basically the game"
,Not Recommended,295110,20101401,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Enderfect,"102 Hours played - and all i have to show for it is being a victim of the hype train,This dev talked about oh the world map is gonna be so huge its gonna be like trekking across states!Its gonna be this big great successor to DayZ huge survivalAnd a Year later all they have managed to add was 1 new gun Bug fixes that a undergrad could have fixed alot soonera Hospital that was placed in the most illogical area ever and a military base thats an eye soreI was so pumped for this game seeing alot of the items in game (antibiodics,pain killers,viatmins,Cold medicene)Made me feel like wow my friend is gonna get bit get sick unable to move and ima have to go out into the world and find antibiodics or some other cool interaction but no....They saw how much money they made from micro-transactions & Battle royale and said Cut! thats a wrap we got itNot giving a damn about the survival aspect or there servers or there rulesets only battle RoyaleNot entirely surprizing given the fact these are the same ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s who Sabotaged there own game (SWG) before telling 1000s of fans to go ♥♥♥♥ themselves and shutting it down.Maybe someday this game will fulfill its promises but i highly doubt it by the time that happens 100s more will take its place and this game will be pushed to obscurity and the player base will consist only of Brazillians.Eat♥♥♥♥♥♥and die SOE now DaybreakEDIT (2/16/16):  To update Daybreak is so ♥♥♥♥ing pathetic they are now ditching there free to play idea splitting the games in 2 and charging for both even at release so there's another promise/hype gone maybe survival will finally get something going but at what cost? Another year of waiting? Prepare yourselves survival fans this is exactly what happened to swg before they pulled the ♥♥♥♥ing plug on there loyal players, Same company Same Pieces of♥♥♥♥♥♥same pattern this game is as good as doomed on the account of greed and pure ♥♥♥♥ing lazinessThese ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s dont deserve a successful game if your reading this review and you are planning to purchase this dont and if you have i pray your still in the timeline of a refund. let it simmer a bit more like idk... another year either it will be better or Long Gone in which case you didnt miss♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,295110,22382279,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Redneck,"Forgot my password, followed instructions to reset. No email. Tried multiple times to resend email until it locked my account for 24hrs.  I work 50 hours a damn week and days like today are my only day to play.  Fine, contact support.  But I have to login to contact support. HOW the hell am i supposed to do that, IF I DONT KNOW MY DAMN PASSWORD DAMN YOU DAYBREAK YOURE WORSE THAN AN EX WIFE120/10 would uninstall again."
76561198033659642,Not Recommended,295110,14007653,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,정윤 (장난 꾸러기 공주～♪)󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡,"""http://i.imgur.com/Yp05LRC.png""This is the statement from Devs before the game is released. ""We will NOT be selling Guns, Ammo, Food, Water... i.e. that's kind of the whole game and it would suck in our opinion if we did that.""=================================When the game is released.. ""You can spend cash to call in air drop which contains loads of weapons, ammo and many other useful items""Pay-To-Win? Yes.11/10 would not play again"
76561197971196710,Not Recommended,295110,19404204,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Soiea (Soya),"A review? - sure, here you are.This game is filled with hackers. It's no fun, seeing them flying by in the air, just to land right next to you only to headshot with aimbot. They also fly into your base, wait for you to come out of your door, then proceed to shoot you while you're unaware of them being there, because they simply shouldn't be able to be there, without blowing gates up.I can't believe I have spent so much time on this game, only realising now how little the developers care for stopping the hackers. They do this, then they do that, is what they say, but in reality they never really do anything to stop them entirely. The developers ban the hackers, but the hackers just steals new cd-keys, the developers gave us report options, but they don't act upon the reports right away, so all your stuff gets taken.If you buy this game, do it because it's on sale. If you buy the game, then I suggest you take a look at a private server called H1Z1 Stronghold, where you'll have to be whitelisted, in order to get in. Atleast there, you will have a chance of playing the game, as it should have been."
76561198007243380,Not Recommended,295110,14883926,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Hylo,"H1Z1 is completely broken by hackers. DO NOT BUY. Developers aren't/can't stop the hackers. The game is totally overrun with them. Currently more than 50% of all engagements are with hackers. ESP, Aimbot, flying, teleporting, invisible, opening coded doors, wall clipping, shooting through walls, have all been recorded and posted. The only way to play H1Z1 fairly is to hack, which leads to hackers breeding hackers. Currently the game is completely dead. Legit players are all giving up on H1Z1 or turning hacker. DO NOT BUY!!!!!!!! YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED!!!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,295110,14733185,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Pennsatucky 유❤웃,"So many hackers on the Nightmare server during primetime hours. I'm not sure if the new Devs care at this point. Since this game is in early development it seems like this would be the time to figure out a way to solve this problem. Games like these need to have an admin on the sever just looking into all deaths that happen, not just a ""report last death"" option. This would be a great way to improve gameplay for the future of H1Z1 and over all monitoring of the culture of your users/players. I do love this game and can stick around through the smoothing out process, BUT at this point I almost wish I could have a refund because of the inability to play due to too many hacks in most pvp situations. So SAVE YOUR MONEY FOLKS til the new developers show they have earned it.I will recommend this when this problem is solved."
76561198007501628,Not Recommended,295110,31364380,Posted: 25 April,all,Ganrax,Game had a lot of potential when it came out but they really dropped the ball. Almost 2 1/2 years since the game launched into Early Access and they don't have anything to show for it except for a ton of new skins and the successful Battle Royale side of the game. Survival has been all but abandoned with very little work being done to it over the past 2  years. They remove things from the game only to add them back later to give us the illusion that they are working hard(it took them TWO YEARS to even get something as simple as rain and fog working). All you have to do is look at other similar survival games to see how regularly they update their games with new content and fixes compared to this game(which has MUCH more financial backing than most survival games on the market) to see how underdeveloped and neglected this game is.
76561198258481925,Not Recommended,295110,21895061,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Pip (TLR),"Been a rollercoaster ride.  Many ups and downs.  Met some really good guys  and became irl friends with them.  I was defending the  devs........saying haters gonna hate.  The longer i play the more i see microtransactions taking place, hackers ruining the game, dev team split into 2 with MULTIPLE bugs on both games, and the devs have deaf ears to our concerns.  Talk is cheap....unless you are db then talk and promises literally lines your pockets.  Ive had alot of fun with basebuilding, tactics to battle huge clans and hackers.  Playing BR with my boys, but I  have to say no to this one.......Dont waste your money.  Game was fun when the hype was big.....not so much now."
76561198023977621,Not Recommended,295110,18388148,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Wuulfe,"Please read before purchasing ANYTHING from Daybreak Games - I have scoured the net for this information as I too have been a victim of this companies lack of customer satisfaction and money-grabbing schemes.As we all know, SoE Sold and renamed this division to Daybreak Games.  That was in Feb 2015.  since then its been basically Daybreak games.This first review from people that worked in the company and who clearly have left for the most part - based their reviews on Daybreak as employees..Now please note, the earliest - and I mean earliest - post from the first posting was from an ex-employee on March 21st, 2015... So basically the following month since the change-over.https://www.glassdoor.com.au/Reviews/Daybreak-Game-Company-Reviews-E973097.htm?&countryRedirect=trueFrom March, right through to last month, all the reviews have been negative recommendations, negative outlooks and a lot of opinions and experiences by these people who worked there.  It seems that Daybreak's take over this year has actually soured very poorly with how things are handled, really no positivity or anything since the SoE change over.This actually fits in really well with my experience as a customer with literally no real satisfaction regarding how we're treated - especially if this is how a lot of their own employees feel.Another post that hits the mark with my experience and clearly a lot of players who purchased H1Z1 (as well as Landmark - and trust me that was by the far worst purchase I've ever made - this company's product also) will relate to this post -https://www.reddit.com/r/Games/comments/32u1yy/the_anticonsumer_shenanigans_of_daybreak_games/As did a lot of the people who commented at the bottom on the reply.Interestingly, last month.. apparently there was quite a lay-off of staff because the company was saying that they wanted to become 'profitable'  (anyone relate to how Daybreak thrives on scams like Landmark, having to buy added power sets, storylines and content from games like DC universe and pretty much completely taking focus off H1Z1 regarding the survival element and working nothing really but their money-maker (the Battle Royales) as well as their ploy for finding some cosmetic/crates or buying em with real $$ as well as only able to BUY keys for those crates with your credit card?I found this post -http://kotaku.com/big-layoffs-at-everquest-studio-today-1685243961Pretty much regarding that.I personally will not buy another of Daybreak's Games.  The company has bitten me twice and I'm sure DC universe will get wrecked in no time flat.  Already that's turned into another Pay2Win and again that'll become like the other two.I'm actually keeping a copy of this on my personal computer so I can actually further contact consumer affairs in Australia regarding the Landmark Product as well as the hacking issues and how they're pretty much not being handled in H1z1... this actually is a case of fraud and countries do handle them differently.However, my post here is basically to inform to you what I've discovered about the company since the change-over, my experience of those two products (Landmark and H1Z1 mainly) and for people to not fall into purchasing a product will in actual fact fail as so far this is the outcome apparently with Daybreak products.EverQuest Next is supposed to be coming out - (not sure if it still is as Daybreak fail dismally on customer relations and satisfaction anyhow) - but personally I'd suggest that being another one to add to your ""Not Interested"" list on the Steam Store.  I'm sure that'll decompose and turn into a play to win with minimal ""free"" content like Daybreak is known for in its early stages.Ohh and I would like to leave you with one last link -http://www.bbb.org/sdoc/business-reviews/computers-hardware-software-and-services/daybreak-game-company-llc-in-san-diego-ca-11000350/customer-reviewsGranted there's vew little in the way of reviews on this, but a lot of people hit this company's management and dishonesty right on the mark.  I think other than one (or maybe 2) reviews, the rest have been after the company changeoverMy H1Z1 review -In terms of a survival game, I enjoyed this.    However, what's really scored the game to go so thoroughly downhill is basically two things.1) the hacker/cheater status of the server has made the game virtually unplayable and definitely not enjoyable. Developers have said that they've put in an anti-cheat and so forth, however really its minimally noticable.You create a base and really expect the following from hackers on both the PVE and PvP servers -ESP (allowing them to see all items on a server, player names and where they are on the map and how far away they are)Speed HackAimbotNo Clip (allowing them to walk through walls and doors)Fly hackAnti-CheatSpecial Code keeps them from getting detectedClean screen shot goes to Dev’s that doesn’t show all the ESPThere's software out there that hacker sites are actually giving away also adding to the gaming grief.  I've lost count with how many times my base has been raided on a PvE server - of all things.   I'd expect that with a PvP server as that's part and parcel, but a PvE is supposed to be for the laid back people who want to experience the survival vs environmental aspect of it.  Not have some a-shole get on and abuse mechanics to make your hours of farming wasted due to a hack, rendering or no-clipping.  This has gotten to the point that even my base door codes have been changed (and I was usually off less than 24 hours each session) to find most of my gear gone and codes had changed where I couldn't access the doors.On top of which, stuff they can't carry, they just dump on the ground and you lose that.  This brings me to the next thing...2) A lot of the community really blow the ""helpfulness"" factor out of the water.  You get a few people who are genuinely helpful and nice, 87% of the others get off on trolling, belittling and griefing other players on the forums and I've noticed in game also.  Personally I'd say save your money here and choose another game, preferably one that gives you both the option of playing single player and online multiplayer.H1z1 doesn't give you the option of playing single player at all and there's no intention from the devs to make this possible as a single player local hosting server.  If this did go single player mode, I'd be more content to play this where I knew I wouldn't be griefed by players who couldn't f' up my game.  Even PvE is not safe - as stated - because even though players can't kill you (unless driven over with by a car), they will grief you out in other ways and will go out of their way to do so.  There are a fair few games out there with the single player option... I'd prefer those over this any day.Since the hacking is clearly not the developers top priority (as their latest test server update is introducing a suit, ATV, a new hospital on the map and whatever else), oddly hacking security upgrades or what-not in that area has not even been mentioned as - going by a lot of the forum posts - hackers have literally taken over the servers.Guess you decide, but I'm honestly just stating my opinion and that's really what the reviews are here - the experience of the game at hand of any particular individual who's spent quite a number of hours playing.  Mine's over 200 hours so far..*update since Jan 2016*Yep, Daybreak you've thoroughly♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥of EVERYONE - congratulations you money-scamming bunch of pr'cks.  Split the game into two seperate games that require another purchase for the other half.  I'm sure there's something illegal regarding this.  I'm honestly glad to say that I've been right about Daybreak all along with both my review and about my perspective of the company.I really hope this turns into a court case and you guys get slammed HARD!"
,Not Recommended,295110,18911140,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Cutmyself,"I have about 900 hours on this game, and I have to say that I mostly play Battle Royale. However, I did not purchase this game for the intent of Battle Royale. I puchased early access for about 60% Survial and 40% Battle Royale, I wanted to play both modes.My beef with the game is it seems to me the developers do not have their priorities set straight. If you're reading most of these reviews, it's true, the advertised ""survival"" mode is quite lacking in content. There are ALOT of players cheating, and again, THIS THIS THIS should be PRIOIRTY, NOTHING ELSE. It's been months and months and months and they are STILL lingering around, it gets to the point where you just get used to it, sadly. It's just, never dealt with, there are no great strides to deal with it, they still exist, after 9 months of the game. It's so demoralizing playing the game knowing they're in your game or server.I won't lie I've had fun playing Battle Royale, and sometimes survival with my friends, alot of fun actually, but I'm slowly seeing myself log out quicker and quicker from boredom seeking a new game to play out of the same problems not being fixed, seeing the same cheats and bugs everyday, everyday, everyday, everyday.It's very silly that you pretty much have to set all your settings to off or very low to get decent frames in this game, even if you have a solid rig. I have a 960 GTX video card, 8GB DD3 ram, and a 8 core processor and I still had to change my settings. The game is NOT optimized, and hasn't been for a VERY long time, when it should have been done months ago. Even if you have a great PC, you'll have to to into USER OPTIONS and change everything to lower or you'll be at a disadvantage against other players that will have more frames. It's so disappointing, I really wanted to play the game with medium - high settings without being penalized. I enjoyed the game enough to want to see the elaborate art involved. Sadface.There's this 1 second lag whenever you hit the ""tab"" button to open up your inventory, and it's really really annoying, and do you know there are actually players that will exploit it to desync around so you can't hit them? Sad? That's what I've been thinking months and months and months.How LONG does it take to add a clan system to survival, so you can see your friends log in and click a button to invite them to group? Really? Every game has it, how hard is it really, how long does it take?You want to use your skins that you get from crates right? Of course, who wouldn't? Well if you have a lot of skins you have to scroll down this super annoying and very sloppy list of skins to find the ones you actually want to use, and then apply each one individually, and you have to do this again every time you die, and you will die ALOT of this game. How hard is it to add a quick ""loadout"" so you can preset 6 or so groups of skins, push a hotkey, and it skins all your stuff? How hard how long? Apparently very hard and very long.Priorities, I tell you, I can go on all day.I don't know man buy the game I guess. But it's really truly not a zomebie survival game. Eventually you'll just get bored seeing the same stuff day in and day out. Bugs/cheaters/lack of content and QUALITY OF LIFE fixes (using skins, clans). You'll slowly get border and border each day until you find something new to play. I've gotten my $20 worth but I was hoping the game would grow more than it is.And remember this, everytime you see someone writing a positive review like this 1. Gathered sticks. 2. Made bow. 3. Bear killed me 4. Respawn. 5. Found gun and another player killed me.YES, everyone on their first few days experiences this, that doesn't make it a good game to positively review. As you play more you'll begain to see the core problems that's holding the game back. Hear the word from people that have 800+ hours."
,Recommended,295110,14090447,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Barbour,8/10 devs listen to us and fix problems within days
,Not Recommended,295110,22451937,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,JuJuu.,"I'm fairly addicted to this game, however it's not for the faint of heart by any means. I'll have to say I don't recommend this game for multiple reasons.1.) Game breaking glitches / exploits that are still present since it's release a year ago. Examples being invisble wolves killing you, zombies clipping through objects like trees making it really hard to cut them down, wall clips where you can quite literally walk though walls, ect.2.) No ping restrictions, I can't tell you how many times i've encountered a player from a country like China glitch all across the screen and end up killing me because it's impossible for me to land my shots.3.) The absolute crazy amount of cheaters. Just recently there was a new hacked client created that's made cheating worse than the average aimbot. Duplication (which I believe might have finally been fixed) and Magic Bullet. Magic Bullet manipulates doors and vehicals in a manner where you can lock onto a player THROUGH MULTIPLE WALLS and damage them with any type of weapon. Meaning I could die in 1 shot from a shotgun from a player shooting a door 300m away.4.) Daybreaks customer support is almost non existant. Good luck actually getting a human reply from someone that works there.5.) There hasn't been any real progress to Survival or ""H1Z1 : Just Survive"" in a VERY long time. They've only polished certain aspects that shouldn't have been an issue in the first place. Base building is very dull, the map is getting boring, as stated previously there's alot of bugs yet to be fixed, it really is a mess.The sad reality is this game has so much potential, I won't lie and say I don't play the game at all anymore. I've been dealing with everything stated above and it's taking it's toll. I really like this game, but Daybreak seriously needs to kick it in high gear if they want this game to last another year. It's average playercount daily is only around 4,000 players. That's really sad for a big established company such as Daybreak.If by some chance an actual H1Z1 developer reads this review, take my criticism seriously and consider what is being said. Not only for me, but on behalf of the hardcore fans / players of H1Z1 Just Survive.(EDIT - 7/14/2017)Over the span of 8 months (When this review was created) - It's sad to see pretty much nothing has changed at all.They are currently working on making a new map which by the looks of it on Test Server, has completely changed the game into something almost unrecognizable. I think I speak for a majority of the community when I say the old map may be stale, but atleast it's better then what i've seen so far on Test. Not to mention we cant even enjoy what remains of the old map because hackers are back and stronger than ever. Every single server has atleast one and we can't even enjoy playing Z1 for what it is at it's last breaths.The message from Daybreak is clear, I won't be playing this game ever again after Z1."
76561198170909621,Recommended,295110,28504402,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,tetragrammaton,"Ok, I am going to give you guys the most objective, honest review I can. Here goes...I heard about H1Z1 a few weeks before its Alpha release (2 years ago) from a good friend who is a big survival, zombie genre fan. We play games like Project Zomboid together. So when he excitedly told me about a new 3D zombie survial game that boasted the potential of dethroning Zomboid as the most realistic offering in the genre (DayZ is just broken), I had to get it. I didnt just get the $20 version either, I got the extra crap for a total of $40, just to show my support for the game.Well it was an interesting experience in the beginning. The game had all kinds of crazy bugs, such as you being able to do a sit action while auto-running (you could literally scrape your♥♥♥♥♥on the ground like a dog with worms at full sprint speed across the map). In those days, the loot was plentiful, and the zombies were pretty much non existent. Your main threat was Chinese and Brazilian hackers. These miscreants could see the gear in your storage containers through solid walls, which they would then proceed to exploit through to rob you blind. This was very discouraging, since the time it takes to craft and accrue supplies is very real.Then, the first server wipe happened. This was probably 2 months into the game, so we lost a lot from that. We got a silly t-shirt skin that says ""I Survived PW1"" and everything reset. By this point, we had about 5 guys who were part of our immediate team and 2 other bases with players we communicated with. After the reset, we lost contact with those folks, and our team members came on less and less frequently. I pushed through, becoming adept at setting up bases entirely on my own (sometimes within 1-2 hours), and would then message my friends to come, since the tedious part of setting up a proper base had already been done for them.This is when Daybreak came into existence, and Sony split from this project. This was not a great omen for the future of the game's development. Hackers went full blown. The majority of players were utilizing some form of exploit, with the most brazen ones flying around and one-shot killing you. This, paired with the clipping issues on wildlife and zombies, allowing them to damage you THROUGH the floor of slightly elevated structures, made the game unplayable. Some people said, play the PVE servers instead of PVP, but what's a survival game with no threat of bodily harm from other players?I still believed in the game. So I started an account on the Daybreak game forum and started diligently reporting bugs and making suggestions. I desperately wanted this game to be fixed. Seeing the changes that have been made, I believe someone at Daybreak may have actually read my posts and taken heed.I strayed away from the game but would check back in every month or so to see how it was changing and lend my feedback towards its development, after all, isn't that what Early Access is about? I was very pleased to see that Daybreak attacked the hacking problem head on with live moderators and a liberal ban hammer. It took months for this brute force approach to yield any significant change in the community landscape though.Fast forward to the split between Just Survive and KoTK... when the Battle Royale game mode became its own standalone title. I actually think this was a good idea. Turns out a good deal of the hackers are ADHD, no attention span, Kill on Sight shoot em up players. They play CS:GO 40 hours a week, and H1Z1 4 hours a week. So giving them a space to shoot everyone like a crazed lunatic, encouraged those type of players to migrate away from Just Survive PVP servers.Fast forward now to today, the last two weeks in December 2016. The game feels like it did on day one, full of hope and promise. The glaring issues have been addressed. Plenty of new content now works properly and is actually enjoyable to work with, including Night Vision, ATVs, and Grenades. The physics of the game have developed by leaps and bounds, with footwear-dependant audible footstep report and realistic vehicle inertia that won't allow you to flip over at high speeds from the slightest pavement irregularity.Weather still needs to be implemented, but the environment noticeably changes when it turns to night. Zombies now have unique models and wear the loot they are going to drop (good for getting a tactical helmet early on if you spot it on a zombie). Everyone is complaining about the new loot system, but I like it. Ammo is rare. Backpacks are even more rare. It's the apocalypse people, what would you expect? Only once in 50 spawns did I start in a location that had abundant gear. Some sort of an army camp full of frag grenades and a Laminated Body Armor vest. Haven't found a second vest like that since.In summary, yes, I recommend this game... but not to everyone. Before you spend the money, know whether or not you will truly enjoy this game, here is a a simple checklist:1) Do you and at least 1 other friend enjoy survival/zombie games, and each have at least $20?2) Have you or your friends played Fallout on Hardcore mode, because otherwise it wasn't realistic enough for you?3) Have you enjoyed other crafting titles like Minecraft, but wished it was more realistic?4) Have you ever wished that Left for Dead was a REAL rpg with base building elements?5) Do you watch The Walking Dead and think to yourself, what if this was an MMORPG?If you answered yes to all 5 questions, that's a 100% chance that you will enjoy the game. Every NO answer is -20%. So if you only answer yes to two of them, there is less than a 50% chance you will be very satisfied with your purchase."
,Not Recommended,295110,14004192,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,OTMTURKS | ThirdEyeCyclops ☾☆,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c11TBgLKnDwWhy pay $20 when you can play this game for free on your webbrowser.http://h1z1simulator.com/I had to change my review due to recent news. A streamer just ordered 3 airdrops, and in all 3 of them he got game breaking items such as AR15, weapons, food, medic aid.Seriously this is really bad, shady business. For months the developers boasted about how they wont sell anything that could break the game and was only cosmetic stuff they offered in the cash shop but literally the first 3 items that the livestreamer bought gave him everything he needed to win the entire game and kill everyone else on the server ruining everyone else's chance and fun.DO NOT BUY THE GAME IF YOU DONT WANT TO BE DISAPPOINTED. Forget hackers, cash whales are your biggest problem with this game. Seriously, what good is it to ""survive"" when someone else on the server is dropping $10-20-40 into the game to gain weapons and ammo and kill everyone else?-final edit-buy the game it is actually awesome! The developers have consistently showed their support for the community and the game. Air drops were vastly improved and many of the issues with the game like the g99 errors are 99% gone.I AM RECOMMENDING THOSE WHO ARE WEARY ABOUT BUYING. DO IT WAY BETTER THAN DAYZ."
,Not Recommended,295110,22783509,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,MAC,I should have used the $20 i spent on this to buy Winrar
,Not Recommended,295110,34692191,Posted: 2 September,all,FOXIC,"Can't believe I was looking forward to BADwater Canyon, thought they might actually have a chance at reviving a suffering community, I was wrong of course. Golden Eagle coins and fixed foundation locations are the most  r e t a r d e d  things I've ever seen. There is nothing in the map anymore compared to what there was in Z1, I know it isn't finished, but it's obvious there isn't as much, it's a rushed mess of grass and mountain crap with the occasional broken bridge. They even managed to ruin the weapons by adding different tiers to them, some being worse than others, wtf. Don't get this game, Daybreak really managed to put the nail in the coffin this time."
,Not Recommended,295110,34504953,Posted: 26 August,all,o|-} Elastikspastik,"I used to love this game, despite its flaws it was a really fun game to play. I have played since release. Going around scavenging, building my hideout in the woods, stalking people. The old map was good, if only they had expanded and improved on what they already had. It was my fave zombie game. And the rest of this review is with a heavy heart.Daybreak don't care about it's community, they don't care about anything except money. Money money money. This game has just given it's long term players a massive kick in the teeth and then peed all over us while we were down. Everything about this game is just plain crap.  No longer can you build where you want.  This is the only open world survival game in my library that does not let you build where you want. And I play quite a few. This change was apparently to cut lag or some bullcrap. If other survival games can do it (even small indie devs can), why can't Daybreak? It seems like a lazy move.You have to buy crappy plots after 5000 miles of running gathering stuff to sell to a NPC (really!?) in a safezone military camp. Utter crap. It's a play as we devs say or GTFO game. You can suggest things all you want but there is no point as they will just print them off, go for a s**t and wipe thier behinds with your suggestions. Then they will just make up thier own crap that nobody wanted in the first place.They have released a new map on the live servers that is about 20% complete, not even sure it is that much. Feels like they completely abandoned H1Z1 Just Survive and this is a new EA game that has not long been in development, and is starting to remind me of War Z/Infestation Stories. Bases repair themselves too, don't ask me how this technology exists in a game like this, but even if you are offline, your base has self repair abilities after a raid. I mean WTF is going on!The older version, despite its flaws was amazing game, now it is a game I will probably never play again, unless there are drastic changes.I wouldn't of even minded a new map, but the having to buy a plot before you build crap is the worst thing they could have done (and now there is an ocean of bugs and crap that has come with it). Even the older map was nowhere near as buggy as this piece of crap.Pros ------- erm..........Cons -- EVERYTHING!"
76561198127964410,Not Recommended,295110,34059951,Posted: 6 August,all,coom0004,"keep coming back to this game every couple of months to see whats happening, the only thing happening is somehow the game getting worse..!!what a festering turd of a game..I am day one purchaser..with deep deep regrets."
,Not Recommended,295110,20977847,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Korsbaek,Splitting the game up is a really bad decision. It's also not going to be free to play anymore. Terrible decisions. Please don't spend any money on this.
76561198007664960,Not Recommended,295110,18897924,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Dawgs4ever,"This game is nothing like it is advertised.  It is not a zombie survival game.  The developers of this game have focused entirely on their battle royale mode, which is just a wannabe Call of Duty game with zombies.  Unfortunately it is far more clunky and isn't nearly as good as any pure FPS game.  I'm greatly regretting my decision to jump into the Early Access for this game.  I purchased it many months ago and in that time have seen no improvement to the core survival game whatsoever.  That doesn't bode well for the future.  They've repeatedly reneged on promises and I wouldn't be surprised to see this game end up in the dumpster in 6 months.Stay away from this game unless for some reason you want a more clunky shooter that happens to have zombies in it.  Save yourself the money.I should add, the video shown for this game is blatant false advertising.  It plays nothing like this.  In fact, in the mode that the developers of this game spend all their time on, there are NO zombies."
76561198008380259,Recommended,295110,16830820,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Twitch.tv/OreoFPS,"They're really turning this game around, seeing less and less hackers and lots of new exciting content right around the corner, now is a great time to start playing H1Z1."
,Not Recommended,295110,34281924,Posted: 16 August,all,D3ADWIN,"It breaks my heart to do this but I must advise against this game now.This is no longer the H1Z1 game I once believed I was supporting. It's now some new project that the devs decided to force down our throats with almost no approval from their community. To put in over 1,000 hours and post feedback after feedback only to see the game go a complete different direction is disappointing. We now have less than 1/4 of a map with paper thin bases that you can raid with a pistol! You are also limited to build in predetermined plots in a game that was advertised as a ""sandbox"" survival game.  I guess we all knew the game died long ago but I still had some hope that they would continue with the project instead of starting over with a new one.RIP H1Z1. You will never be forgotten."
76561197966421647,Not Recommended,295110,18663181,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Wrektify,"DO NOT GET THIS GAME. The population of this game is split into 2 groups. Hackers and people who die repeatedly to hackers. The moderation in this game is horrible and until they can do something about invisibility hacks, auto kill hacks, teleportation hacks, ect. the game is completely unplayable. You spend hours collecting items, trying to run across a giant map, meeting up with friends only to get auto console hack killed or shot in the face by an invisible person with a shotgun. You can't have a survival game where hacking runs this rampant and the mods are unable to do anything about it. Never again Daybreak Games."
76561197964157025,Recommended,295110,14060700,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Knights,"DayZ:- Zombies go through walls- If a zombie aggroes you it will chase you across the entire map- You fall from the stairs you die- You fall from a ladder you die- You get ambushed by a freshspawn, you try to pull out your gun but it doesn't fuc king work and you get knocked out- Running Simulator, they added 1 crappy buggy truck after a year, wow- 50 slot servers- Lag, desync- Almost no crafting at all- Their excuse for every bug in the game is ""IT'S AN ALPHA, IT'S AN ALPHA"" and they repeat it like mantraIt had much promise but after a year of broken promises it's still a pile of garbage.H1Z1:- Zombies act like zombies, they are stupid and slow but dangerous in groups- They don't glitch through walls- I never heard of anyone dying because he was running on stairs like in DayZ- There is way less guns so people are more careful and more likely to be friendly- No server hopping (your character is tied to a server) so no easy looting between servers- VEHICLES- 200 slot servers- Lag isn't a deciding factor in combat like in DayZ- Full blown crafting system with tons of stuff to craft- Basebuilding- more sticks- more blackberries"
76561198173316682,Not Recommended,295110,22622700,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Mycole,"I remember when H1z1 was the only game and Battle Royal was just a break from survival but now the developers have given up on the game and only create new ""crates"" with skins because they are money wh ores and they refuse to fix this piece of sh it... they just want to steal your cash don't buy this go buy your mom some flowers instead."
76561198024551643,Not Recommended,295110,18898172,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Ivan Ivanovich,"Have been a huge follower of the game until they've started focusing their resources towards battle royal, survival is dead, I do not recommend buying this if you are here for survival."
,Not Recommended,295110,23298201,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Gillneas,"Dear Developers....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\...."
76561198027045694,Not Recommended,295110,20982576,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Plasmatique,"More then a year past, lotsa things have happened: change of the company, microtransactions, team, microtransactions, name, microtransactions, design, microtransactions, upgrades, microtransactions, map, microtransactions, guns, microtransactions, crafting, microtransactions, etc....some good, mostly bad, but overall it runs sorta smoothly and I still enjoy a game or 2. Did I mention microtransactions? Just in case you missed it, cause I want to be sure you don't miss it: microtransactions.However, recent news revealed a marketing strategy which is just absurd: split the game up in 2 games and charge money for both of them and call it ""managing development"". ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t...sales went down, you like money, so you went ahead and made 2 seperate games (both 20 bucks I must add) where you tear apart the survival aspect and the ""let's do a quick game of PVP"" aspect. At least have the balls to call it by it's name instead of saying ""we're happy to tell you, you will now have to pay twice as much money, start up 2 different games and split all the ingame special items""We'll see where this ends, but I'm guessing this is the beginning of the end of what was supposed to be the next gen Zombie survival/pvp game."
76561198073160628,Not Recommended,295110,14781747,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Funky,If you dont have hacks dont buy it.
,Recommended,295110,14393683,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,KaneTheStranger,"H1z1 is a good game that has potiential to become something great.My journey started off as I logged into a pvp server after playing around in pve for a few hours. I immediatly ran into a guy with a gun pointed at me. At the time my mic was not plugged in so I had to nod my head (yes and no) to answer if I was friendly or not. It was pretty obvious to him that I was new to the game.Anyways after about 45 minutes of me following him to his base he helped teach me how to craft, one of the highpoints of the game. I love the fact that you don't need to run into houses or the city to be able to defend yourself. Being able to make a bow from basic matierials and survive off black berries is great. The fact that you can build a base out while at them moment it is very buggy and only has a few uses I can see it being much improved in the future.After a few days we decided to move to the city because we were so far away from civilization it took a lot of effort just to get random supplies. The map size is perfect. Never was I annoyed with how far of a sprint the nearby town was. Everything looks and feels natural. Guns are not easy to find and ammo is scarce as it should be. Water can be purified and food can be found from the wildlife (which also interacts with the zombies something I found to be quite useful) Deer/wolves/bears.Speaking of zombies they can be pushovers most of the time. Sometimes you can get caught and mobs and have to dash to the nearest car hop up and rain down arrows upon them. The zombies can also drop great loot. Something many other games lack. I actually have a reason to walk around killing them. Or Y'know run them over with a cop car or a jeep.Cars are great to have. Besides the obvious bugs and the invisable bumps that may send you rolling upside down to a firery death they are a great addition. One issue (mainly in Battle royale which I'll get to later) is that running over other players does hardly anything to the car. It should cause a decent amount of damage to it so players don't just run down everything and everyone they see.Okay. So. Battle Royale!Battle Royale is an unexpected Gem in H1Z1. I have had so much fun with this. Being dropped down from the sky with up to 200 players in a Hunger games scenario where Toxic gas is deployed, air strikes from above and weapons literally everywhere is a hell of a time. I cannot tell you just how much fun I've had playing Battle Royale, I highly recommed this even if you arn't that big of a survival fan it is worth the 20$ alone for this feature.Well here is the part where I talk about the negatives. This game is in early access so bugs/glitches complaints about not having enough guns/clothes etc really are not needed. My biggest issue with the game are Hackers. Me and my friend who I met earlier and now are group of 7 people ran into hackers. We have a base set up far away. We had all our food stored up lots of ammo, a few cars and a greatly defended base. Then 2 guys flying above us immediatly killing us and then not even allowing us to get near our base without and instant death has really hurt the game for me. Yes (we have reported them/even got video of it sent in) I understand it's a tough issue for the devs and I don't blame them just the guys who like to ruin the fun for everyone else. But I really hope this is delt with in the future.Summary:H1z1 is a fun game with tons to do even in early access. If you are a fan of survival games this is a must have. Base building, Zombies all that good stuff. Battle Royale is by far the best part, I would buy this for that alone. Devs have been very vocal with the community and patches are done multiple times during the week. Hackers are my biggest negative and I hope they are delt with more in the future. I really look forward to seeing what this becomes in the future. H1Z1 is a great time and worth the 20$ early access fee. (Note: This game IS NOT P2W despite what you may have heard)-Kane"
,Not Recommended,295110,21281211,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Towm,I really regret that I have bought it for 20e. I seriously want my money back!
,Not Recommended,295110,25096795,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,sw1ft,"dear developers....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\.."
76561197962313705,Not Recommended,295110,14007833,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,NEG|-slic[db],"""we will not allow drops to have guns""""drops will now contain guns""""We are not interested in selling weapons. Weapons are only acquired by crafting or exploring and finding one. We are not selling power.”""We will NOT be selling Guns, Ammo, Food, Water... i.e. That's kind of the whole game and it would suck in our opinion if we did that.""Not an issue for me, but may be unfair to others that do not want to spend money or are unable to.-- Update --Spent played for about 4-5 hours last night(1/19/14) and spent most of the time just running around town to town, not finding a single item. I have found berries and woodsticks in the forests. No food, weapon, any other items to be found. Played on both PVE and PVP server. Found a group of people that were calling in airdrops and they said that is where they got all of their items as they were unable to find them anywhere else.In the game's current condition, I would say it is worse than DayZ Standalone at the moment. But this is just early access and only been out for a couple of days now. There has been numerous patches to fix various issues, so there is still hope and devs are definitely listening to the players(unlike DayZ?). I think this game still has the chance to be way better than DayZ Standalone as it still looks promising with the new features they plan on introducing and the fact it has only been out less than a week(whereas DayZ has been out for a year I believe?). But in the condition now, I would say DayZ is the better game.Edit: Played a bit more. Found I was unable to craft buildings as your backpack size is not big enough to hold all of the items. Created a 1200 slot backpack and it was still not enough. Only way so far it seems is to create a storage to place your items inside(which is accessible by other player) and craft it that way.Edit2: Still not recommended. They should really remove houses/bases as a lot of servers are just occupied with people/teams with tons of gear. Really hard for someone new to jump straight into the game and get anywhere as you will just be killed on sight everytime. DayZ is still the way to go."
,Not Recommended,295110,19269522,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Frankie Fast Hands,"at this point in time i can't recommend it, as an arena deathmatch game its ok but its survival elements are extremely lacking, pve is next to pointless. so if its pvp you're looking for then its ok i guess but there are better games out there for that.... as a futher update - this game still sucks. its terrible. that is all."
,Not Recommended,295110,15035716,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Mach10,"Developer is unable or unwilling to deal with rampant cheater issue on all servers. The game, supposedly about survival in a zombie apocolypse is only about how to avoid being killed and/or griefed by cheaters. Avoid at all costs."
,Not Recommended,295110,24840418,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,A Mad Midget,"Avoid this game at all costs, Daybreak ruined this game the moment they touched it after buying it from Sony. From what would become free-to-play, they made it double the price, the game doesn't look split as they announced, since at every Kotk update, the JS server drops dead also and viceversa. They're good at lying and making profit out of it. From that and from the crates, which are mostly the only things they've done since it's a source of profit. JS will die soon, they're just forcing out some more milked money with a few more crates and wipes since people tend to come and see what changed after a wipe. Kotk will probably last a little longer though.Quite sad how such a fine work of art was ruined by a bad money-hungry company."
,Not Recommended,295110,28987909,Posted: 3 January,all,zaryuta,This game is a perfect example why you shouldn't buy early access games.
,Not Recommended,295110,20383706,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Morjoh,"If you wanna play survival, don't buy this game.It's more of a PVP game.The question is where are the zombies?"
76561198001878620,Recommended,295110,14756214,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,76561198001878620,I've reported myself after falling off the cliff and got banned. 10/10
,Not Recommended,295110,14003044,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,DeadMeat,I want my money back.
76561198150445937,Not Recommended,295110,23364943,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,RepaidMoney™,-7/10would not recommend giving any money to some greedy Devs that said this game would be free to play instead made their game 2 games at $20 each in an attempt to milk all the money out of people.
,Not Recommended,295110,18545153,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Jared from SUBWAY,"Do you like foraging around for hours looking for ugly shirts?Do you like being lied to by developers?Do you like playing against Chinese hackers?Then hop aboard the perpetual ""early access"" express!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Been playing this game since day 1, and I'd be lying if I said it wasn't fun.  It's a great game and the development has been moving along albeit slowly. In my opinion, this is the best ""zombie survival"" game out... but one of the biggest GAME BREAKING issues is HACKING....What's the point of an amazing game if it's so easily corrupted by a handful of hackers?  It's like biting into a delicious burger, only to find a wadded up ball of pubic hair in the middle.  Sure, the bacon was crisp, the bun was toasted, and the meat was delicious; but pulling that long curly hair out of your teeth is going to ruin the experience.  And in H1Z1's case, those pubic hairs are hackers.  In a game like this where survival is paramount, one hacker can ruin hours if not weeks worth of work.The developers claim to be going after hackers, but they went back on their word to aggressively go after them.  Rather, they give hackers multiple chances to ruin other's games, and in most cases, simply get a slap on the wrist. They haven't taken a stance against hackers because they continue to pump money into the game, all at the expense of legit players supporting this emerging game.  It's truly a shame because this game is fun, and has serious potential to grow into something amazing... But when at least 25% of the time you're going to be killed by someone hacking, using ESP, or something else; what's the point?So for now, I have to give it a thumbs down.  Maybe when they solve the hacking issue, or start going with hardware bans, then I'll recommend it."
76561198205700637,Not Recommended,295110,22207376,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,gajones4221,"First and foremost, This isn't a 2 minute in game got bored and logged out, No, I unfortunately wasted a good portion of my time in this game with the hopes of a great zombie sandbox MMO to exceed my expectations. I was disappointed.First and foremost, The game is glitchy, EXTREMELY, The dev's claim to be working to resolve issues and yet it seems month to month they release new artwork for content or show off their 3d modeling which they've been working on. The glitches and or bugs remain a problem while they create new content and attempt to resolve some of the isssues with the new content before moving onto their next idea submitted normally by players to keep the game interesting.If your like me and like to just play a game in your leisure time for a few hours at a time you'll have this game down within a week after resource gathering and attempting to find a vehicle for transportation you will be disappointed as was I. Your vehicle after you obtain it can randomly despawn even while stored inside your base, this has happened to me multiple times over the course of my 300+ hours of play time. It will say 275 on this but I also have 30+ hours on the test server. People also tend to hoard vehicles in mass ""Incase one just despawns"" they won't normally say this but after some time played and multiple vehicles of your own despawning you'll see exactly what I mean if you choose to purchase this game.Your vehicle can also flip over speed bumps and they do so QUITE OFTEN, even while driving ON ROADS. God forbid you decide to make your base offroad in an attempt to get away from the 20 abandoned bases within the cities within the game people will randomly creep around your base and wait for your vehicle to despawn. Or, while riding it and gathering resources to burn time cause you've already gathered them prior to building your base, your vehicle will more then likely get stolen as the ATV, Truck, jeep, and police car all have loud engines you can hear from quite a distance away, it is easy to hide and your vehicle is EXTREMELY EASY TO STEAL we are talking it will take them within 10 seconds and you can be locked out of your vehicle the moment they enter it which only takes a second to press E and your time spent seeking transportation is now gone and you have some jerk laughing at you and speaking badly of you on the in game channel.I do not recommend this game as it is a waste of money, I honestly wish I could return this, there is literally no way to contact Daybreak as there site is broken, there is no support email listed or contact number, the login to daybreaks forums or homepage will ask you to login only to not re route you back to make a ticket but bring you back to a home page where it shows you as not being logged in when you attempt to do so again you will find the same results.Please heed my advice. You will regret purchasing this game within a month at max. It is not worth the 20 some dollars or whatever it is they are asking now.Best of luck to you, happy game hunting."
76561198097908823,Not Recommended,295110,15016674,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Navubi,"Day 1. I build a base. Hacker teleports inside and robs me.Day 2. Teamed up with four people to survive. Hacker shoots us all at once through a wall.Day 3. I run into a bear and my bow bugs out. This is a bug that hasn't been fixed since launch day.Day 4. I finally got all the parts for my first police car. I run over a guy and the car explodes and he calls me the n-bomb while walking away unharmed.Day 5. Bloodscorn server is filled with hackers.If you plan on paying for this game, expect to encounter a hacker once in a while. It's a fun game but it's a buzz kill when you see a hacker.- Updated 5/9/2015 -I came back to play with the new patch update to see how things are ""improving"". Neat fixes which is a huge plus. No more bows bugging out!The hackers though...I was hiding inside a two story house inside a room with no item spawns just checking my phone. A car rolls up with three guys coming out with the big guns (Shotgun/AR15) and they ran straight for the room I was in. I got destroyed by some Taiwanese kid that said ""FK UR MOODER"". I'm assuming he's Taiwanese because I did a google search on his guild tag ""TW"" on Bloodscorn and sure enough, his name popped up on the forums and Reddit. Hackers use ESP a lot to know exactly where items, vehicles, and players are hiding.Another incident happened in a town called Ranchito. I was logged in a three story apartment and the first thing I hear before I even move my character is... ""Someone's in the second floor"" from a player named ""BloodscornM"". I looked around and there are no windows to see me. I didn't make a sound from walking. I heard footsteps running towards my direction. I was taking no risk. I logged off right away like a little ♥♥♥♥♥ as a shotgun bullet was fired at me.I came back on and ran straight to my base after a 15 minute break. Guess who is chasing me with a truck? The same dudes... The dude BloodscornM was like, ""No one can hide from me"". I didn't die though. I used to be on the track team so I was gone.I sent recordings and screenshots to report these people since 5/1/2015 so we will see if anything happens. They are currently still playing every day ruining the experience for other players."
,Recommended,295110,14209570,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,PipeMan,"I haven't reviewed a game up until now, and I'm telling you that this game deserved it way more than any game I've ever played. To prefice, I didn't like DayZ, I hated Rust, so when I heard of this game, I was only pulled into it because all of my friends were tying their weiners together and buying it so I was like eh, ♥♥♥♥ it.What came next was literally nothing that I expected at all. The environment on its own is very well done, especially for early access. The grass looks nice, the trees are more than believable, my sounds your feet make on each terrain is very satisfying because it changes based on what you step on, which if you don't think about it can really pull your immersion, which this game is all about. The wildlife (bears, wolves, deer, ect) are responsive and even though their animations arent extremely spectacular (yet), they still instill the deepest human fear you can imagine into you when you are being chased by them, and you only know because you hear their paws pounding the ground very quickly behind you, slowly gaining speed, while simultaneously growling and presumably making fun of how hard your♥♥♥♥♥is flapping from sprinting down the road..  Being chased by a bear makes my adrenaline glands do heroine and P90x.The items and crafting in the game is surprisingly deep, which I expected it to be the opposite. They use simple items to craft simple things, like a stick and a cloth scrap make a makeshift bow, which makes you go ""Oh duh, that makes sense."" All of the crafting in the game has the same ideology, using common sense items to make common sense tools, items, weapons, and traps. I'm looking at you, precariously placed Landmine in front of the police station.Not only are there decent weapons, you can craft a buttload of other things, including shacks, foundations for really big bases, walls, barricades, and more things which can make for a lot of crazy intuitive base building. It takes a while to build your first shack, but when you do, it's oddly satisfying, given how small it is. But, you can always build a fat♥♥♥♥♥base somewhere if you have the time and resources to do it, or having friends to help. But beware, people can walk into your base if you don't lock it with a passcode, or if you build it in a place people can jump over your walls, and take your stuff you stash, or break stuff you like. Those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.The server system is pretty neat, you have a bunch of stock servers with set rules like, PVP, PVE, Recipe Wipe, (when you die you lose your recipe list), Headshots Only (I've killed people by shooting their ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s so I'm not sure about what that extends to) and First Person Only (which keeps you from going third person to see around a corner with your newly wider camera, you ♥♥♥♥ing cheater.) All of the server rules are fair and I like the way they set them up to be, you can play on just a PVE server so you can learn the game, not having to worry about players ganking you right when you spawn, which rarely happens anyway, or you can get right into the action, and play on a PVP server, never knowing when someone is going to walk around the corner and try to beat you to death with a branch. Yes. A branch. That's a weapon.The zombies of course, as of right now, are terrifying in numbers, because some sprint at you out of nowhere and grab you, and some just walk slowly to their demise with a precise headshot from my trusty bow. On their own however, are merely an annoyance as I can just run past them and they just de-agro after a while. Building a base with a zombie horde though is very scary, and happens a lot. Mostly right when you're vunerable texting your mom about your♥♥♥♥♥rashes. They are planning on doing more with the zombies, and you can find that info on the wiki, but as of now, they aren't anything special, but they also aren't irrelevant. A good balance in a PVP-Zombie Apocalypse game in my opinion.There is a very powerful sense of realism in the game, from hunting deer with a bow, using a machete to cut its skin off and getting venison meat, to cooking that meat on a campfire, restoring a deft amount of energy instantly after eating, to also hearing another player walk into the same building you are in, but you are on the second floor, and you can hear their footsteps inside the house but you don't know where they are going next, so you hide in the bathroom, waiting and listening to their every move, bow pulled back, ready to headshot that ♥♥♥♥er as soon as he makes the vital mistake of opening the door, but they never do, and you don't hear anything anymore, and in your head you're screaming ""♥♥♥♥ IS HE STILL IN THE HOUSE ♥♥♥♥ ME I'M SO SCARED JESUS TAKE THE WHEEL"", and you sit there for about 5 minutes in the same spot, until you brave yourself through the house and outside, where you will sprint away in just one direction for 10 minutes straight.The immersion in this game, with friends or by yourself, is intense. I've never screamed louder, had my heart pound harder, or be as in the zone as I have playing this game. There is almost never a dull moment, especially on a PVP server. I spent about 2 hours crouching through a town with my friends to find loot to just hear gun shots in the distance, and we'd all just prone right where we were, just to be quiet and hope they didn't shoot at us, which makes it more intense. You forget you're playing a game, it actually feels like you're in the apocalypse. That you're starving, and you need more ammo for your pistol, and your friends are scared which makes you scared which makes your eyes twitch at the sight of any movement, including frolicing deer in the police station. ♥♥♥♥ you deer, you made me shoot blindly into the darkness because I thought you were satan. Thanks.Surprisingly, even though people thought the game was going to be pay to win, it actually isnt. You can find guns pretty decently now after the last patch, which makes it more fun in my opinion. I don't mean you find one every time you check a dresser drawer either, you mostly find appropriate loot for your area. I found a hunting rifle in an armoire of this trailer, and all I thought was ""Of course these hicks who used to live here would own a ♥♥♥♥ing sniper rifle, PERFECT."" The same is for police stations having bigger weapons, grocery stores for having food and tools, and auto shops to having car parts and wrenches. It all makes sense, and it's all fun. The immersion is always constant which I think is incredibly hard to pull off in such a way in today's times.In this way, airdrops with weapons in them don't give you THAT much of an advantage anymore. If you learn where to look for weapons, ammo, and good hiding spots, then all an airdrop does is save time. Also, people can just hear your airdrop and run to it, so you might even lose a contest between 1000000000 people trying to get your airdrop. I'd prefer to just go to some rednecks house and find a shotgun and 50000 shells. Not literally, but I'm sure that much was in there at one point in his life. So for any of you looking to invest in this game, but are deterred from it because P2W was very prevelant at launch, be at ease knowing they made it balanced enough to where it's Play 2 Win but Pay 2 Get Slightly Ahead Kind Of.The map is very large as well, full of different environments that you would expect, like plains and heavily wooded areas. Treking to one part of the map, such as Ranchito Taquito, which is a town in the northeast, can take almost what feels like an eternity, because it's so damn large. I read the map currently is 65 KM or rougly 25 miles total in size, and they're only gettin bigger.Overall, I'm very satisfied with this game, and I'm still playing it, nowhere near done at all. The devs literally push out a patch once every 2 days or some♥♥♥♥♥♥ and they fix a lot of stuff. It's nice to know they are supporting the game actively and it's not some silly zombie-genre cash grab."
,Not Recommended,295110,28156758,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Crunch Man,"Completely abandoned the game to work on H1Z1 : King Of The Kill. My advice, dont buy unless you have friends willing to play with you."
76561198076746317,Not Recommended,295110,21005533,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Wolfe,"This game is just another money grabbing scam. It will never be free, I regret purchasing the game, I cannot condone these  horrible practices. If you want to fund this type of behavior that is on you."
,Recommended,295110,14074400,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Gorgon Freeman,"I would recommend this game, although just remember it is early access. Character wipes will happen and some features are incomplete.Pros:-Good engine. Runs smooth at a high fps. Very responsive unlike dayz, even on a high ping server.-Fun to loot. Discovery and crafting systems are awesome.-Highly populated servers.-Good PVP or the option to play non PVP servers.-Battle Royale events where prizes may be won.-Excellent dev team who work around the clock and listen to the comunity's ideas for future patches.-Vehicle physics 100x better than dayz and the game started with 3 vehicle types on the first day of early access.Cons:-Outdated graphics. Very pixelated and grainy, although this may be updated in the near future.-Safe shelters can be destroyed easily and your storage/loot taken. The game needs permanent safe caches."
,Not Recommended,295110,22600996,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Vorred,"Glitches, Walking, Hackersoh and maybe you might find a zombie sometimes."
,Not Recommended,295110,25519993,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Crunchy Soap,"Go back, they f*cked it all up."
76561197960446383,Not Recommended,295110,18043370,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,BuLLeTSpOnGe,"I bought this game for survival, and they got my money.  Smed was full of crap, and fired now, but still they are baiting and switching.  BR is their cash grab now, and their game is still bugged baddly with stuff that should have been fixed months ago.  Survival really is unplayable, and so many broken promises from the staff.  Did I even mention the rampant hacking?I'm done with this game for now, and defintly recommend you don't buy it.  supposedly going free to play if they ever release it."
76561198086428768,Not Recommended,295110,16987167,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,HDTokyo,The game banned me for no reason at all. I played for a total of 3 hours. No mods no hacks no nothing and the game was decent. I got on the next day and I cant log on. I call support and they tell me I got banned. I have done nothing wrong at all and they banned me for no reason at all. I am mad because I paid 20$ for a game I got to play 2 hours. This is by far the most unfair game ever. I asked why tI even got banned and they refused to tell me why. I hope this doesnt happen to you but the comppany wouldnt even respond to my appeals.
76561197993957886,Not Recommended,295110,21097078,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Badger,"Buy with caution. The developers are now proven to employ bait and switch tactics. The game was promised to be F2P, so I bought it with the intent of ""testing"" it and relaying my experiences towards my friends who would join me once it went F2p. Turns out these devs are money hungry and willing to go back on their word to employ a new payment model on their EARLY ACCESS GAME. Added is the fact that there seems to be a flood of cosmetic micro transactions but hardly any updates to the actual gameplay itself. So why would the developers even bother completing the damn game when they get enough money out of their players anyway? Corporate ♥♥♥♥ERY!"
,Not Recommended,295110,22922960,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,allahuaktrigg22,You know you're doing something wrong when the game you're working on is worse then when it first came out.
,Recommended,295110,14054530,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,qwerty,"Edit MOST RECENT: SoE went defunct, Daybreak split both game modes up seperately, You're not going to like playing the game anymore on survival. Just go buy The Culling on 3/8/2016~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Edit: I quit playing, go buy ARK. Life is much better.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Played the game almost 8 hours before and after their first patch.So far it's a very big open world. Would take probably an hour and a half to walk north to south, so you'll find alot of interesting and diverse locations and zones.The looting system is close to reference as 7 days to Die. You have to wait 1.5 secs to open cabinets, search vehicles, 3.5+ for bigger containers.There is Hydration, Stamina, Energy (food), and obviously Health. This is well polished. These have been tweaked and are quite easy to maintain. You find best food is cooked meats from the wild game.In which i've seen bears, doe, buck, wolf, and rabbit. Maybe more I'm not sure.They use a unique crafting and ""discovery"" system. Say to learn/craft a bow you have to put a wood stick and scrap of cloth in disovery to Learn it. Then tab over to crafting to craft it using said materials. This goes with sheds, weapons, tools, houses, everything. Everything new discover something about it.The combat is different for each weapon, Hand to Hand is very fluent well polished more than other weapons. Axes/machettes all are basic swing/click and zeds still manage to hit you once if you're not super duper careful. All of the firearms work as expected fine. But some animations are just weak (EA).Driving Vehicles you first need at least a battery and spark plugs... and a driveable vehicle. They have what I've seen 4 different vehicles, truck, off road, cop car, jeep. It's well polished, no rubberbanding, each car drives a bit different.My experience recently with the game has me halted on the purchase of the game for others in it's current state. As I said I played for 8 hours after patch, they tweaked spawns and looting, not too bad. But I was basically 16 hours into loot, with bags and mats to the max. Weapons with ammo, used all airdrops. Only to fight one zombie and my game suddenly Freeze. Not crash or d/c like I'd hope. It froze with my character still in the server dying from a zombie with all my stuff. Not to say I couldnt find my house and remake a living. It's the principle of the matter. This had happened 3 times before but not during combat. And now when I try to log into my MEDIUM server. There is a 25min queue wait for only 15 people.So I say to new customers, this game is amazing. It's as if Dayz, Rust, and Infestation had an intellectual love child. Support this game, But KNOW IT IS IN DEVELOPMENT STILL AND EVERYTHING YOU DO AND WASTE TIME FOR CAN BE GONE IN A SPLIT SECOND. Thank You, Will Be More To Come."
,Not Recommended,295110,14786692,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,ex-dmg drunk af on 4 mg xans AMA,HACK1ZOMBIE1
,Not Recommended,295110,34737650,Posted: 4 September,all,teezYY,"Where to start... JS used to be my favourite game, every day me and my friends would jump on and play for hours on end. Probably the most addictive game i have ever played.Then they changed the map, the title, the base building and basically everything else that was good about h1z1.Maybe one day we will get z1 back but for now, stay away. The good days of this game are done.Thanks for the memories Daybreak."
,Not Recommended,295110,20174626,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Gorgatron,"Battle royale mode is very addictive and fun. Currently the game faces instability, several bugs that can break the game or cause a lot of inconvenience, and their servers are (supposedly) being DDOS'd constantly. If Daybreak Games would focus on the stability and optimization of the game instead of focusing on content, I feel this game would be more worth the investment. It has a lot of potential but currently faces the general stigma that some other early access games seem to be doing which is just the 'cashgrab' idea. At the moment I would say if you have not already paid for the game then I would wait and see how the game progresses. The game does need more content but I do not think it needs more skins. This seems to give the impression that the developers may need more money to actually finish their product or may just be cash grabbing."
76561197962405690,Not Recommended,295110,24607300,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,🈶👺 M🅰️K🅾,"I put 800 hours in the first 4 months after buying this game, that is almost 7 hours every single day. but........DO NOT GET THIS GAME. I recommend getting MISCREATED instead.This game was actually a breath of fresh air when it first came out a year or so ago. There was a lot of faith put into this game by players due to what was promised by the devs.  But in the end they have just completely destroyed this game. I got almost 900 hours into this game in just few months, but haven't touched it since November 2015.1.Promised lots of lots of things, never delivered most of them. And this isn't your regular undelivered promises, they actually showed that they were working on new things or talked  extensively about new features, but at the end they never released them and just scrapped them.* Promised a new larger map, to be released almost a year ago. The map is currently on test server(08/20/16) and it is completely pointless: just few new buildings additions but most of the extra space that was added is completely devoid of anything besides trees is hills. There is no new expanded city. But even if the city is expanded it still doesn't improve gameplay in anyway.* Took them a year and a half to add horn sound to cars, even though the key binding for horn existed since the game was released. Promised new dynamic lighting, showed samples--never delivered.* They also REMOVED some of the content because they couldn't develop it any further without making it pointless!! They are using their own game engine, and face lots and lots of difficulties due to the fact that almost no one else uses their engine, therefore they have to figure out everything that is possible in the engine on their own.* REMOVED ABILITY TO PLAY AS A ZOMBIE.This was one of the biggest let-downs, there was a back-story that the world was infected with a virus, and anyone who would inject that virus could get zombie powers at a trade off for your health and more. They could never figure out balance(although it was pretty balanced) to this gameplay and just scrapped it, including all placeholders for the future story. Pretty much killing Survival Mode of the game right there.Added weather and then removed it.2.Development of this game can simply be summarized as 'rehash, rinse, repeat of old content' They simply add new bugs, and then remove said bugs; add one item, then remove it due to balance or bugs. They are basically playing in their own feces, and just reusing it back and forth as to make it seem that they are doing something with the game.In one of their streams about new skins from one of their upcoming skin crate, their lead graphic designer was even proud of how he could ""reuse already existing skins and turn them into new skins without actually making new skins"", except they were the same exact old, unappealing skins with new shi11ty textures.There is pretty much NO new content in terms of gameplay that has been added since 1.5 year ago after the release. On top of that they have CUT CONTENT, while adding very minor and pointless elements, and claiming to have most of their time busy battling bugs. The never ending bug fixing and balancing is all you read about in their news updates.3.MOST HORRIBLE COMMUNITY MANAGEMENT i've ever seen in an online game.* Constant Lies: Their community reps always lie about their intentions and contradict their      own statements made only days before.here is the latest gemhttps://postimg.org/image/o0tpqqcgn/* Never add or fix anything that community asks for. But add things that they feel are right and claim that ""COMMUNITY ASKED for it"".* Constantly milking money out of fans by selling useless skins and then going OUT OF THEIR way to prevent any  skin trading in order to keep all the profits.4.HACKERS, no matter how much they patch their anti-hack system, there are always hackers who ruin your gameplay, its a big issue where you lose your whole base to a hacker in minutes.6.NO END GAME. After youve had fun gathering resources and building your base, there is nothing else to do in the game besides pointless PVP. This is the main reason why Daybreakgames decided to send all the development resources to their PVP arena style gameplay instead of ""wasting resources on Survival Mode, consequently separating 2 modes in to 2 games, and abandoning any real development for Survival.I could go on for hours ranting, about other things (pointless flora and fauna-cant hide in bushes, water only knee-deep, no swimming, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ old graphics)--they have possibly done every single horrible thing they could to destroy this game and alienate most of their players.There is every indication that they (devs) are waiting for the day when this game just dies, but before it does they will try to extract as much money through game skins from players as possible.Buy Miscreated,  this game is everything H1Z1 shouldve been, plus much, much more; although it is low on content now, but it already looks better than any other true survival mmo out there."
76561198044637251,Recommended,295110,14418465,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,WilliamDHD,- bear chasing me- about to kill me- I see some oblivious guy scavenging for food- make bear chase him instead- guys dies violently- guy calls me noob over the mic- I get away10/10 would sacrifice an innocent man to save my own♥♥♥♥♥again
,Not Recommended,295110,17186402,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Alex,"This game is usually great. It has a lot better features as DayZ has, for example there is respawning loot at a fair rate, you have a map and coordinates to find your teammates and you can build your own base. And there we come to the downsides.The game is full of hackers.Aimbots, flying hacks, No Clip hacks, Esp Hacks, item duplicating, on every server the same.You can build your own base to store your stuff, but it wont last for long. hackers glitch inside to look if you have something worthy and if you have they blow up your♥♥♥♥♥♥and when you logg in again you have nothing.Or when you come back with bags full off loot they come flying from above and kill you in your own base.Or if you have build a garage in your base to house a few cars they glitch inside and blow it up. Usually noone without hacks keeps cars for long. No matter on what server that is.There are ppl who getted banned, of course, but what does it matter if one gets banned, (and makes a new account eventually) and you ve still got oyur base and cars destroyed and everything gone.This game has the same problem as Gta or Cs Go has, those games would be so nice and fun to play but there are almost more hackers and cheaters then players without cheats."
,Not Recommended,295110,34297296,Posted: 16 August,all,Mevlok,"So Daybreak takes a mostly complete map with towns, road structure, and landmarks that make sense, and throw it all in the trash can to bring in their new, unfinished piece of crap with zombie spawns randomly scattered around like the leveling road of a bad WoW server. Its is just an overly hilly mess with no real thought put behind it. Oh, did I forget to mention that the map is not completed? Only a fraction of the map is available for play, and what is available is an embarrasment. You can no longer loot abandoned vehicles, and remember those whole towns with full multilevel houses and businesses? Gone. There is an ingame currency now that allows you to purchase items straight from a vendor in the beginning, which in my opinion is absolutely pathetic. If you die, you don't even start with the same basic starter items you did at the beginning. Every player now spawns with all of the recipies unlocked, and they have made the recipies themselves more complicated than before, but why? What was the point? The game has basically regressed back to an Alpha stage and honestly should be removed from Steam.Daybreak has stopped listening to their playerbase entirely. With every update, the users become more and more dissatisfied with their product.The mass of negative reviews that keep piling up should speak for themselves. It is yet another IP that Daybreak (ex-SOE) is running into the dirt. (EQN, Vanguard, Star Wars Galaxies, Pirates of the Burning Sea, the list goes on)The battle royal mode has a lot of the same issues, mainly the developers not listening to their playerbase. Only after PUBG released did they start making *SOME* fixes and changes that the players were asking for. (Group wins, etc)Pros:-Zombie shooting simulator using money bought weapons?-They updated the character animations?Cons:-Pretty much everything they have done with the game in the last couple years.-Refusal to fix bugs that have been in the game for over a year.-Horrible level design-Laughable AI (zombies are completely dumbfounded when you stand on a box)Closing:It is apparently that the developers at Daybreak have no idea what they are doing or what the players want out of their product. They took an instant hit with a few key issues, and turned it into a pathetic pile of steaming buggy crap. Un-f***ing believable.PS: Who's brilliant idea was it to split the game into 2 portions? They honestly should have been fired on the spot."
,Not Recommended,295110,27328625,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Aleksa,"This game has a lot of potential... if the DEVs would only put their time, effort and resources into developing it further.I've played H1z1 (Just Survive and King of The Kill) for 3,000+  hrs. and unfortunately even I can't recommend it to anyone at its current state.For starters, there is no real survival aspect to H1z1. If you love typical survival games and are looking for one that provides any sort of a challenge, move on. Check out Rust or 7 Days to Die instead.* Zombies haven't been much of a threat since last year. If you are lucky enough to find one (or a few) zombies, you can just stick around, loot near them and they'll mind their own business. The same thing is true about bears and most wolves. You can easily end a wolf's life in 5-6 punches with your bare hands.* There are no weather conditions. That's right. There is no rain, snow, high or extreme heat, etc. Once upon a time there used to be fog, but the DEVs removed it. Basically, your character can't freeze to death or die from overheating.* Your character is never hungry or thirsty. Bottles and canned food spawns absolutely everywhere. You can place 10 rabbit traps inside of your own base and they work by supplying meat every 15 min. BBQs work 24/7 once you light them up. And to top it off - cooked/raw food magically never spoils for the duration of the wipe (which usually takes 5-6 weeks in real time.)* As I mentioned above - the wildlife (consisting of 3 types of animals) is a joke. Wolves and glitch bears are more of a nuisance than anything else.Leaving the (lacking) survival aspect of H1z1 ""Just Survive"", what people hate the most is the current loot situation. It's as broken as it could possibly be. There are huge areas all over the map that currently spawn absolutely nothing and many that spawn utter crap. Currently, the only place to find useful loot (read: fertilizer & sugar for base-raiding, as well as an abundance of ammo) is to go to Pleasant Valley.Now you have a choice to make as a solo player or a part of a small-size group:You can play on low population (mostly dead) servers and pray that you even encounter anyone at all... or you can join a medium/high population server, which is inevitably overran by larger organized groups and gaming clans the members of which will kill you on sight and raid you quicker than you can find anything you need for an enjoyable game. Sounds like fun, right?As far as decent population servers go, H1z1 has turned into this: who has the bigger/more skilled group of goons that can ""lock down"" a certain area and KoS everything that moves for a few hours, while they stockpile on fertilizer, sugar and ammo to raid everyone else with.The cherry on top goes to all the hackers, glitchers and exploiters. If someone is hacking, your best bet is to record and report them by e-mailing Daybreak Game and hope that the cheater gets bannes. Glitchers and exploiters are literally everywhere. People walk and even drive vehicles through multiple gates of others' bases. I've seen people fly, teleport, walk through walls and so on.Note:I should point out that the DEVs and the new GM for JS have been talking about fixing some of the glitches and the current broken loot situation for over 6 weeks now. I'd like to believe that it's possible. So I jumped on the H1z1 JS test server last night and spent a good 2 hours on it... just to find out that many bugs still exist and experience ridiculous amounts of lag while looting.That shouldn't happen to someone who has a PC with my specifications (including an Intel Core i7-5820K 3.3GHz, Asus X99-DELUXE ATX LGA2011-3 motherboard and a EVGA GeForce GTX 980 with H1z1 being installed on a Samsung 950 PRO Series SSD) and an Internet connection of 114 mbps down/37 up.Sure, they've added more loot in certain areas. One grocery store had spawned 14 regular and 4 military backpacks - enough for a small army. GG so far.I hope that they fix the game to a playable state. But currently, it is so bad that even loyal long-time H1z1 players such as myself have ended up taking an extended break or given up on it for good."
76561198244908812,Not Recommended,295110,18014450,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Sucre,"This is a game that if your base gets raided, the game is over. Once you have lost everything you've spent weeks farming it is then impossible to re-establish yourself on any server that i'snt dead as ♥♥♥♥. You have to get an early start on a server and get a base up and runnning as soon as possible before you get inevitably ♥♥♥♥ed by hacks. When you do inevitably get ♥♥♥♥ed, you may as well quit the game until the next server wipe and then hope to establish yourself once again whilst everyone is on the same level. I appreciate the game is in alpha but that doesn't quite justify the extent of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t bugs there are in this game. Why do the devs insist on including new skins and various other ways to grab everyone's money instead of concetrating on some of the fundamental core issues with the game. The hit box is ♥♥♥♥ing unreal, if someone is moving, don't even try and shoot them as you will do nothing but waste bullets. Every gun in the game is completely obselete other than the .308 and the 12 Gauge.Not to say I haven't had fun on this game, when I had a base and your rolling with a squad, looting and getting getting into gun fights, it's all fun and games but I have't had any fun on this game since my base got ♥♥♥♥ed by hackers. Since then I have tried to start anew on at least 7 different servers, in various locations only to get ♥♥♥♥ed in the♥♥♥♥♥the second I finally locate a backpack and some bullets for a gun.To summarise, game is fun when you have established a base early on, when you get raided, quit the game. Various hacks and bugs have impacted experience massively. Devs are money grabbing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s who care more about the microtransactions than the core game."
76561198119405556,Not Recommended,295110,14004731,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,UNICORNPOWER9,Terriable service. I bought the game 5 hours ago and still cant play. 10/10 for money stealing sim 2015.
,Not Recommended,295110,18298231,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,ScaleSkin,"I'll start with what I've gone through today, then dig a little bit of details.On I8 sector I have a small shack as base of operations. I've been using it for a few days and today unknown to me, a sniper was hiding aimed at the door. So I return from scavenging and just as I opened the door the gun shots began. The sniper shot three times, he aimed to kill me while shack door was open but missed each bullet until I locked myself in. Now the fun part starts. I began burning a campfire and preparing cooking meat and purifying water, while this guy came to the door and on voice, started shouting.. No exaggeration no made-up here: ""YOU SON OF BEACH MOTHER FAWKER, YOU SON OF BEACH MOTHER FAWKER, YOU SON OF BEACH MOTHER FAWKER"". Ps: Steam please forgive this but that is the actual quote I had to go through for playing this game. Also I repeat it three times but this guy kept on shouting on voice for easy 15 minutes and maybe more. He also kept shooting the shack but shacks aren't easy to take down with bullets so .. meh..  Reason I tell this story is, that should at least give an opinion about community.H1Z1 is Early Access game that tells lies at each step. The trailer is fake, every player character is same as each other because there is no customisation. Animations are crappy, made in qanimator in 60 seconds. However worst of all is the game itself is not about survival, especially PvE servers. Although PvP is not survival either but it is death match. Other deathmatch games for example are not called survival games.There are three game types and frankly to say I never played BR. That is not why I purchased the game at first place. Other game types are PvE and PvP. Now one important point is, in H1Z1 there are less number of zombies then active players. Unless you are in a city, your chances of meeting any zombies is 10% or less. There are wolves and bears but they are not difficult to kill even with the simpliest weapon. In the cities you can meet hordes of zombies but H1Z1 has, like three cities in total and running between these takes around half or one hour. Also you can outrun everything so if you enjoy running, H1Z1 is a perfect running simulator.About PvP servers the first example goes on all the way. You meet random people, first they kill you then they curse you as above. So far in 40 hours I've never seen any exceptions to this. It's a ""meet people, get killed, have your mother done by several players, spawn at the other edge of map, run for an hour to your shack, eventually get killed, have your mother done by several players, spawn at another edge of map, run for another hour, repeat these steps."" game.''That is how people are, developers can't do anything about that'' -   No not really; if the game has real survival taste, such as if the game actually had zombies spawning around and act like they do in movies, if the zombies were crowded, fast, smarter than they are right now; then players are given a reason to cooperate, group up and help each other. Even at these conditions there are going to be PvP fights, such as gang wars but this time it will make sense and the game will prevent unnecessary ooc violance or whatever it is called.This is so far the only game I requested for refund but I already had 40 hours so it was sadly rejected. Personally I don't plan to play anymore because it is stressing. <ranting>The whole project is based on lies and fake presentations. You will never see anything close to that trailer. Then not only the game but what the game supports. The people, these players, that community. I'm looking forward to have fun here and enjoy the time i play, not to be harrassed by rednecks who keep swearing, shooting at my door, using words that I am ashamed to repeat here. For game's sake I could have a visitor at home, playing on speakers or maybe children in the same room. </ranting>"
76561198090344731,Not Recommended,295110,30184772,Posted: 25 February,all,ArthurChen,"This game has already banned China Mainland IP for over 1 year. And I cannot even get refund.The matter is, It has banned Chinese IP but still sells in Chinese shop. It's just fraud and really made us very disappointed. Please remove it from the shop and fully refund me."
76561198044718267,Not Recommended,295110,14730203,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,PedroJunkers,Several hours of scavenging through zombie filled towns for loot with the random person here and there and HACKERS everywhere killing you!!! HACKERS HACKERS HACKERS ALL SERVERS EVERYWHERE HACKERS
,Not Recommended,295110,24433514,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Vocu,"survival is terrible, when they split the game it was pure cash-in scam status"
,Not Recommended,295110,14008193,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Neverx,"We were sold on H1Z1 being a non-P2W game and at the last minute they changed it so you can call in a $2 air-drop and get guns instantly. Smed also ""claimed"" they wouldn't drop right on top of you and yet they do. Smed is a snake and sold us on lies and defends his claim that this is not P2W on reddit. I can't stand by this, after looking forward to this game since the announcement SOE has done it again. I urge all my friends and everyone out there to NOT support SOE anymore, the tactics they used was bait-and-switch.0/10 Would not recommend.**EDIT**They are offering refunds. I recommend you take them."
,Not Recommended,295110,26606640,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,teag2,"I usually write proper reviews, but all I can say is........................./´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\..I regret purchasing this before the refund option was added. It never gets proper updates either.Get 7 Days to Die, or just play Unturned. Don't waste money on this abandoned sack of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,295110,14003077,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,MizeGuy,All the bugs you wanted from DayZ and more!
,Not Recommended,295110,18890867,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,EyyMagdalena Zzzzz,"If you want a zombie survival, look somewhere else."
,Not Recommended,295110,20293091,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,SPAGETT,"Remember when they said this game would leave early access and be free to play?  Pepperidge Farms remembers.These survival games that hinge on stealing other players enjoyment are a cancer on gaming.  You and your buddies can spend hundreds of man hours building an awesome base far off the beaten path, stocking it with every necessity.  You might even have a bit of fun stealthing around from town to town, always gathering.  You guys think this game is slick, and you're having a blast.Then you guys go to bed at 1am, and jump up at 8am to play, excited to keep the ball rolling.  You log in and see your gates/doors destroyed, and all your boxes picked clean.  Your hundreds of hours vanished within the blink of an eye, and you're left with whatever you logged out with.That's all it took to make 5 people quit the damn game.  KoS, volatile player base aside, don't even get me started on how the devs don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about survival and only care about milking Battle Royale for $$$."
,Not Recommended,295110,22839741,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,CoolGuy#325,"Alright, what a game this is. Not in a good way either. First off, I would like to say it is a good idea in concept, not in production, at least not now. I have put 3 weeks (521.4 hours) of my life straight into H1Z1, and after all that time, I can honestly say, do not waste your money on this game, right now. Emphasis on Right Now. I will go over all the pros and cons now like a magic trick. WABOOM.Pros:-Great game if you like grinding for a while-Looks pretty-Lot of items-Battle Royale mode-Skins?Cons: Oh boy! Do I have some cons for this game!-A few game breaking glitches/bugs.-Uses one of the worst anticheat software to even exist.-Shotgun is not consistent. Doesn't do what it should do.-Cheaters. (You will see a lot getting banned, but IMHO, dont try hard enough to PREVENT it.)-Some more cheaters-Chinese cheaters-Russian cheaters-American cheaters-Martian cheaters-Servers get wiped when an update occurs that adds things to the game/map.-Big groups of 40 run around KOSing (Killing on sight)-Duplication bugs-Did i mention cheaters?-Horrid development process.-Devs focus on crates more than game. (Still true, unfortunately)-Fattest cash cow to graze in the Americas.-Development WAS focused on KOTK, and JS was left to die.TL;DR, This game, in its current state, is not worth 5 bucks. Unturned has better development and its run by one person. I honestly did like playing H1Z1 from the begininning, but now it has gotten stale and not worth my time anymore. $20 better spent on bleach. The last time I played this game, it felt more of a scavengy arcade shooter than a surival game. So honestly, if your are thinking about buying this game, save your money and wait until the reviews go up to atleast 90%.EDIT: I realize I haven't played the game in almost 1-2 months! I follow /r/H1Z1, but not all the complaints, I do check the changelogs everytime it updates. Also, I do not care if the devs can do anything about KOSing or not, it is just part of the game, and I put it in my review. Now, my point is, that some of these issues are going to be outdated, and maybe fixed, but I have removed them from the list after I went through the reddit's updates and see what was fixed. Have a good day!----Goodbye, Have a nice day, drink some milk, and pet some pugs."
,Not Recommended,295110,17714464,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,FinChicken,"I loved this game while I played it for the two months that I had it. One day I was playing just as I normally would when all of a sudden I was disconnected from the sever. I decided to restart the game to get it working again but when I tried to open the game again I had found that I was banned, what fun! Turns out that I was banned for cheating even though I have not cheated. I decided to submit a ban appeal and I was honest to the daybreak employees and told them exactly what happend and gave them everything they asked, files and all. I waited about two weeks for them to fully respond to me and when they did they said that, ""I have reviewed your account, the information you provided and the information that led to your account being banned for cheating. Taking all of this into account, your ban appeal has been denied and your account will stay permanently banned."" This is when I flipped out. I feel as if I have been robbed the money I spent on this game. I know this will not happen to everyone, and I am in an unlucky minority, but take this into consideration when buying  your copy of this game."
,Not Recommended,295110,31214879,Posted: 18 April,all,Porco Rosso,"Played this game since release, they have done nothing for six months, even though they promised content, they continue to fail on that promise. Save your money for a game thats worth your time."
,Not Recommended,295110,29055294,Posted: 6 January,all,Carlos Salinas de Gortari,Had it for a year and a half and it has almost to no updates. They are focusing entirely on making money instead of getting it out of Early Access. They are more interested in King of The Kill since it's the one making lots of money and getting views in Twitch. Not worth.
,Not Recommended,295110,33493802,Posted: 12 July,all,Kixxo,░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░▄H1Z1JS▄░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
,Not Recommended,295110,25957082,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Vince Browning,"Quoting Dogechief ""Dear Developers, Thank you for ruining a promising game......................./´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\.."
,Not Recommended,295110,33686734,Posted: 20 July,all,$mith,H1Z1: Just Shït
76561198064694764,Recommended,295110,18400727,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Lt. mean cat,"1. Open game2. Find server with okay popualtion3. Find sticks4. Beat zombie with stick for his hat5. Make bow out of hat6. Think your starting to be well equiped so raid neighborhood.7. Get killed by guy sitting in a bathroom with a shotgun8. Repeat steps 1-79. Find a AR 1510. Realize its not a practical use of ammo but keep it to threaten people11. find a group, the yell ""friendly""12. Let them get near you, they shoot you13. Repeat steps 1-714. Find Hunting Rifle and ammo15. Walk out of the house and see a man off on the road in the distance16. Take a shot at him, you miss17. He happens to also have a rifle his shot hits you, your dead18. Find a jeep19. Jeep has no gas but everything else you scavenged already20. Cook up some fuel put it in Jeep.21. Get into Jeep22. Start driving23. Realize there is a guy in the back seat he shoots you dead.24. Repeat steps 1-7.25. Realize you've spent 5 hours on this game session you write a review on H1Z1 and go to bed."
,Not Recommended,295110,29318554,Posted: 17 January,all,BoBo da Munky,"This game would be good were it not for the bugs but most importantly the constant stream of hackers which unfortunately are not just limited to pvp, perhaps my friend and i have been unlucky but we've tried a few servers and every single time we start to get going the hackers ruin it, though as i see from the other reviews it seems we are less unlucky and more the norm of the h1z1 experience, unfortunately daybreak seem far more intent on trying to sell you microtransactions than actually dealing with the issue and until they start at least trying to deal with it i would steer well clear, god knows i will"
76561197970374400,Not Recommended,295110,17075505,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,El Tazar,Build and gather for hours - see everything gets destroyed when you are off-line.Great fun - Game is not broken - people are - can't be fixed!Now 2017 - still a bad game! Even when you build a super stronghold - people can get in and loot everything - still only when you are off-line.
,Recommended,295110,14439023,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Mojojo,"My first 4 hours.Found a car. Repaired it.Found a shotgun with 5 shells.Picked up 3 guys on the road.Flipped off the cliff.Two guys died inside the car. One jumped out.He was shocked, what just happened.Killed him with the knife, right into his face.This game is amazing, i never laughed so hard."
76561198043177952,Not Recommended,295110,26239754,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,NathanD,H1Z1 : Just Abandoned ..... avoid this orphaned title .
76561198029038954,Not Recommended,295110,19383900,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Tredale,"Sorry for the long post, but normally I am not the type to leave reviews or tell others not to get a game.  As how Daybreak Games goes, I have changed my mind.  When this game was first pitched the game was going to have alot of features that would make H1Z1 a game that would stand out from the games before it in this genre.  As they developed the game they would be in constant communication with the players with a roadmap and using twitter and reddit as a way to get constant feedback about the direction they are and will be going with the game as they are developing H1Z1.  This is what I paid to support, a survival game that the devs were so enthusiastic themselves to make.  Well as of lately it seems that energy has disappeared, most of the features mentioned at the start are not going to happen during development or even after release of the game.  The road map is dust in the wind and communication is down to little stuff from Battle Royal news to new crates to buy keys for or about streamers.  If the current build was the sales pitch for H1Z1, I would never have paid to support it.  It's like paying someone to make a new car design, over time they start changing all the features and they start getting quiet and after awhile they show up with what they made.  A motorcycle, which is nowhere near what they offered.  Sure, it has a motor, wheels, lights, takes gas and moves fast, but I paid for the car and I really wanted the car.  If the devs get back on track and start talking to the community like they use to and work on the game they pitched to us, I will then return to this game and continue to offer my support and feedback, because as of now I have unistalled H1Z1.  To me Daybreak no longer is as enthusiastic about the H1Z1 that they wanted to make and the Community that supported it.  So untill Daybreak Games gets back on track I can not support or recommend H1Z1.Ok, i gave the game some time and the let down continues.  I have been keeping up during up to this point and they took back the motorcycle and gave us back 2 unicycles and one was shiny the other, was falling apart.  They said that both will be functional  at the same time, yeah one was getting new bells and whistles, the other, duct tape.  Production continued then my worst fears have been confirmed, a complete overhaul, start from scratch map, which tells me we will take the duct tape held together monstrousity and give you this nice prestine piece of paper that says ""I. O. U."".  you can promise all you want, but limiting building with the system in place means first come first servered, which gives the middle bird to new comers and the new base is by no means a middle ground to deal with it.  not to mention scrapping the previous build for this, I ain't going to wait 2 more years to see where this game ends up, I have seen similar tactics with rebranding the game and trying to change the name and we all know which game that is.  To me, this is the final nail in the coffin for daybreak, the days of when it was under SOE are done gone, i know that it is columbus nova, they can continue to make games that follow the band wagon of the twitch streamers to go after their quick cash grab, if they would have let the devs continue to work on what they originally had planned, things probably would be different, but we will never know.  This is the last let down and i will no longer support these devs or the company they work under and i will never put a dime in to early access ever again.  Don't support this game, it ain't worth it."
76561198237894784,Not Recommended,295110,22997821,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,I'M NEGAN,"Hacks , hacks , hacks everywhere..."
,Not Recommended,295110,18894452,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,West,"After playing this on and off since release, I must say that I can not recommend this game. I have been going through a phase for the last year where I had sworn off Early Access games because they`ve had quite the reputation of never being completed. Since this was originally made by Sony Online Entertainment, I was sure there was no way a company like that would not fulfill their promises.The game has gone from zombie survival building game to just a open world pvp. No matter what people tell you, zombies are just in the background who stumble towards you if you hang around in a spot too long.The company has shifted their focus to Battle Royales, a game mode where you are dropped from a parachute only to either be bugged( unable to move) or die (falling through the ground) these bugs have existed since release and have yet to be fixed.No content for survival, purse focus on BR which is going to be pay to play sooner than later.Avoid at all costs, this game is going no where."
76561198030278982,Not Recommended,295110,19563915,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Post Snake,"There is fun to be had here, The game has potential and a lot of players see it here. However there are a few huge problems with H1Z1 which urks the player base. Some of them are big enough that I had to give this game a negative review and seeing as how I watched this game develope over a year, I can safely say I doubt I'll be switching it to positive.1) Originally this game was supposed to be a zombie survival. Battle Royal came later in development as another optional game mode (which has become a huge success). Battle royal is essentially a game mode where players drop throughout the map which is loaded plentifully with guns, ammo, armour, and vehicles. Is it fun? Yes, is it zombie based? not at all. There is a mode called greendawn which costs tickets (extra $) which claims to have zombie spawns, but I havn't seen any yet. they have been putting so much time into patching and fixing BR that they have left the main zombie survival mode in a horrible state. They have pretty much done a 360 and turned this games main focus to something completely different.2) The devs released early access with price tag to support the development. They have a few benifits for buying in; early access, 3 event tickets (to modes like greendawn, you're able to get more by winning normal BR matches), and two keys. Is this not adding up? two keys are maybe $5 in value and the rest is worthless. It's bassically ""hey will you find bugs and play an unfinished game for us? pay us $20 bucks, people with more patience will get a more polished game for free"" I unfortunately bought this game earlier when they gave a few keys to the first crate, which has pretty much nothing of value (some 0.04 pants and shirts). The earlier supporters normally get a great deal for supporting a game as its starts. Games like Smite gave opportunities to get amazing limited skins unavailable to people buying after early access. I feel the dev team really could care less that people supported them when they were struggling in early development. Buying this game early has no value.3) Cash grabs. Yes crash grabs, micro transitions are plentiful in F2P games, its the only viable way to get money. But again, why are there so many cash grabs in an EARLY ACCESS (Alpha before), P2P game? as i mentioned before, this seems like a fair idea AFTER they finish early access and enter the F2P scheme. Also, why do they have modes that cost money (tickets) in early access? Here buy tickets (or win them but winning a BR isnt easy) to play a similar unfinished mode with a few tweeks and possible skins. Those 3 event tickets won't get you far, I've died 2 times instantly because some people dove a gun quickly; money down the drain for what should be a free mode right now. Only possible fix is to make the event tickets extremely easy to get right now or free, then change that when its F2P.4) Very slow development. I bought into Alpha well over a year ago now. It just entered early release last month and There hasn't been much improvement (and pretty much none in survival mode). They added a few more guns, a few more crafting recipes and some bug fixes.  Basically survival feels like its still in Alpha, BR the golden child is a lot further along.5) Shooting mechanics still feel clunky. There is no seen benifit to going first person and its worse if you look down the iron sights. Most games make it so looking down the iron sights makes you more accurate, to encourage people to use it; bassically third person ends up being by the far the best choice here. Half of playing with friends is watching them die and saying ""What I shot him X ammount of times, and it says none of them connected"". Now I'm sure the accuracy makes some sense, but there is no mode for people to practice shooting to get use to it. It would be cool to have shooting matches with your friends or some experimental mode to play with all the guns, figure out the effective ranges and the bullet drop offs (if they have any).6) Not much of a zombie game. I have to repeat this; zombies are marketed to be a huge part of this game, but right now they're absent in the most popular mode, and horribly done in survival. Zombies arn't much of a threat, you'll probably never have to or want to use your hard earned bullets on them. You'll just save the ammo for PVP. The Zombie AI is weak, they spawn usually sparcely and sometimes they'll spawn right infront of you.Some fixes? Make both BR modes free to play, have an extra mode that costs tickets but the only difference is the chance of getting exclusive skins. Fix the zombies. Fix Survival. Give us Alpha and Early Access supports some good s--- for supporting you, seriously we should be thanked for giving you money early on in whats supposed to become a F2P finished game. Some sort of sandbox mode so we can practice shooting for BR.TL;DR version. Indie zombie MP suvival game falls into same development hole that all indie MP survival games have to date. Can't deliver on promises, take as much money as they can."
76561198142108643,Not Recommended,295110,18897919,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,seb,"SoE had something going with this, but when Daybreak bought them out this became a corporate money grab by an investment firm.  They don't care about the game part, they just care about the cash shop aspect and turning this into a deathmatch type of FPS game.  Well there are much better free FPS games out here, let alone true FPS games.Read and research a lot before paying for this, so that you aren't scammed into buying something that is not what it is advertised.  Remember, that kind of false advertisement is actually illigal."
,Not Recommended,295110,21319302,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Bolthead,The only good thing about the split is I can now give 2 negative reviews.
76561198118294584,Not Recommended,295110,31425587,Posted: 28 April,all,Vis Voi,Been in early access for far too long with no real development.Shameless cash-grabbing.Lazy developers.Unfulfilled promises.Basically everything that's wrong with early-access games
,Not Recommended,295110,29712082,Posted: 4 February,all,>:(,How do i refund from one year ago
,Not Recommended,295110,27391075,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,☠ẞŁƛČǨ ẞʘǸƎɀ☠,"These ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s abandonned the game, dont put your money in these♥♥♥♥♥♥♥pocket"
,Not Recommended,295110,30376198,Posted: 7 March,all,[666] {DarknessShadow},"I have nearly 1000 hours in this game. I do NOT reccomend this game, it is plagued with countless bugs that will never be fixed, very slow development (Because lack of players/funds)Thats not even the worst part. There is NO new content. They claim to be adding some soon but THEY ALREADY DID!. What they did is made new items and sell them for money, and classifying them as ""Skins"" which they are NOT, they are NEW ITEMS, how ♥♥♥♥ing scammy of them.ForgeLight (The H1Z1 modified one) is extremely underdeveloped and limited, heres somethings that they cant fix, or are having issues with down below. I was told this by an ex SOE developer (Lets name him ""Rick"" as a example to hide his identity) that worked on early H1Z1, literly saying ""This game is a complete mess right now, always has been""- Most the world item spawn models dont actually match the item texture/model because its very hard to load correctly.- They dont know how to add new guns in a timely fashion, the engine is really messed up with loading models correctly (Rick said it was something like this)- There PhysX is very ♥♥♥♥♥♥, hard to upgrade... that why vehicles are so ♥♥♥♥ed up, aswel as landing on things (player)- He also said glitches will never be fixed because the real developers that made this engine didn't complete their vision of what they wanted it to be, so now there using an underdeveloped, unfinished, pile of crap that they dont know what to do with. (They were planning to add DYNAMIC AI that travels the map! cool if that was finished when they had REAL devs working on it, eh?Stay away from this trash, don't give DayBreak your money, even there ex developers, artists, and more hate what this pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥became. This game had some NICE things planned by Sony (Rick said he dosent care if i say what was planned so here it is...)- Dynamic Weather and SkySphere- Dynamic AI that travels the map and never despawns, they were calling it ""Dynamicaly Advanced AI"" i believe- Realistic PhysX- Condition system (Cold, Wet, Hot, Sweaty, Freezing, etc)- Zombies that travel the map alone, in hords, or LARGE swarms- Larger map (Not sure how large but supposed to be allot bigger than Z1, with better performance- Electricity (Solar power, lights, electric doors, all that and ALLOT more)- Tanks, Busses, Helicopters, etc were planned drivable but rare vehicles.- Weapon attachments (Silencers, Scopes, Mags, Lasers, Stock, Grips, Irons)Theres allot more, but basically this is what happens when you let money hungry people run this game, you get nothing fixed, or new, i don't care how many of you say ""Ohhh this new dev team's gonna fix it"", no they wont, just watch haha."
,Not Recommended,295110,34721143,Posted: 3 September,all,Fallen Crackers,bring back old H1Z1. you fxckxd your own game.
76561198175488479,Not Recommended,295110,33941844,Posted: 31 July,all,Neil deGrasse Tyson,Don't buy this game if you want a good survival post apocalyptic zombie experience. I'm sure you'll find something else thats worth your time and money *cough* *cough* 7 days to die.
,Not Recommended,295110,34047125,Posted: 5 August,all,[ITA]Gerry Hunter,Don't buy this unless you are a cheater
,Not Recommended,295110,17947980,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Lade,"IntroductionI'm writing this reviews in hopes everyone reading understands I have enjoyed the HELL out of this game.  I use to recommend it to anyone and everyone.  That is no longer the case.  There were roadmaps that had plans for exciting and new features, these have been scrapped entirely because they were not meeting their goals repeatedly.  The way they have handled communication with their community regarding their game is not acceptable  from a business standpoint.  The focus has gone from survival/battle royale (two different game modes) to mainly BR.  New content worth mentioning beyond a few new guns and some different points of interest are close to none since launch.This is a letter from the John Smedley (Ex-President of DBG  - formerly Sony Online Entertainment).  This was the selling point for many people.  If you are hoping for many of the features listed below, you most likely will be disappointed.The letter regarding the future, to the playersI wanted to let you all know where we are headed as a team. The H1Z1 team continues to grow and we're concentrating on continuing to fix bugs, add new features and gaining the upper hand on cheaters. We're making good progress in all of these areas I'm happy to say.Week after week we hope you're seeing the game get better. Sure there are the occasional setbacks, but we're going in a very positive direction and we're doing our best to communicate with the community on a constant basis. I hope you're feeling that and it's our desire to keep that going and make it even better.We're trying to be as transparent as humanly possible while still keeping a sane schedule. I'm proud to say this development team has a life outside of work, and we're striving to keep that balance in the right place. We love making this game and we love playing it.We have lots of very large features coming. Very significant improvements to base building are coming... including Guard towers, catwalks, 50 cal gun emplacements... windows.... and a whole lot more fun things. We're also going to be concentrating on making bases more secure and making the building process a lot easier.We're also going to be spending a lot of time improving zombie AI and you can expect a lot smarter zombies and different types in the near future.Also you can expect weather to come back in the near future. It's not on the roadmap because it's a larger task, but it's coming.We're not ignoring the bugs we have and the usability of the game in general. We're not using the excuse ""It's Early Access Alpha"".. we play the game too and the same stuff that annoys you annoys us as well.We also have Professions coming later this month. Those are going to be a game changer because it's going to allow for more character development and a much more unique set of skills that can allow groups to really come together in far different ways.What is the future of H1Z1?Our goal remains to have a massive world. We're doing that with Forgelight 2, which has been in development for quite a while now. We'll be able to show stuff to you soon, but needless to say we're super excited by what we're seeing. It's truly going to give us the 16,000 square kilometer world we've been waiting for. We want the world of H1Z1 to truly be a world. One where you can build your own cities and settlements, or take over one if you can hold it.We want it to be a hostile world where the threats come not just from zombies and wildlife, but from other players as well.This isn't a pipe dream. Everything we're building has been towards this goal. All the features we're adding are being added with an eye firmly on that goal.We're adding more people to the team to accelerate our progress. We see the realities of the commercial world we live in, and it's too easy for Early Access games to go the way of many flavors of the month. We're in this for the long haul and we're putting the resources behind the game to make sure it's clear to you too. When we see other games come out and take the wind out of our sails sometimes it just makes us redouble our efforts. Don't think for a second we plan on laying down. Quite the opposite in fact. It inspires us to make our game better. That's not just rhetoric... we're trying our best to demonstrate it every week. We're not slowing down for a second.We also have some exciting announcements coming soon about what we're going to be doing with Team BR (which is coming towards the end of the month). We see this as an important part of H1Z1 and we are doubling down on that too.Please know this game means a lot to this team. We are trying to give you a lot of value for your money, and we hope you see that week after week the game improves. Not perfectly. Not without mistakes and bugs, but we're spending time trying to fix them and that effort will continue, as will the fight against the cheaters.We now have 100% detection of most of the major cheats. We'll be turning on auto-banning and you can expect some new weapons to be unleashed in this war, making it harder if not impossible for them to return to the game, something that's long been a problem for PC games in general.Just wanted you to know we're running an ultra-marathon here and if you leave to go play another game, poke your head in a few weeks later and see what you see.Cheers,SmedWhat is being scrapped/not implementedMap size increase (This has most people♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off the most as it has been sold to us up until recently)Anti-Cheat.  They are still banning by hand after someone is reported enough or there are suspicious logs.  If you are having problems with hackers I suggest tweeting ""The Great Mutato"" who is a dev and he actively seeks out hackers and bans them based off reports.""Very significant improvements to base building are coming... including Guard towers, catwalks, 50 cal gun emplacements... windows.... and a whole lot more fun things. We're also going to be concentrating on making bases more secure and making the building process a lot easier.""The only thing true about this snippet is the guard towers.  Where the heck is my .50 cal!?""Also you can expect weather to come back in the near future. It's not on the roadmap because it's a larger task, but it's coming.""They have added some fog and rain/clouds but snow and other exciting weather systems are still not implemented.""We also have Professions coming later this month. Those are going to be a game changer because it's going to allow for more character development and a much more unique set of skills that can allow groups to really come together in far different ways.""Still not implemented but they do have plans for this.  There are 3 professions which have been made public.""Cheating is not improved but gotten worse.  After they do a massive banwave this improves for a few weeks and then the hackers take over again.  DO NOT buy this game to play survival if you cannot handle dealing with your base being exploited by noclippers/teleporters/etc.ConclusionIf your main selling point for this game is BR, I think it very well could be an investment worthwhile.  I know this investment was worthwhile for me because I knew going into this what it meant to be playing and testing an early access game.  I personally feel this has been abused to the point where I can no longer support this company or title. On that point, some of my FAVORITE gaming moments have come from this game and I have been gaming for 20+ years.  Hope this helps you make your decision!Laidbacktl:dr Daybreak formerly SoE has done a TERRIBLE job communicating with their customers and have led them to believe many things will be implemented which have now been scrapped with no plans to implement them in the future.-edits were typos and some opinions/statements added to the intro."
76561198066615170,Not Recommended,295110,14004888,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,THEOTHERJESTER,"[UPDATE] - After finally being able to log into the game I can tell you a little about it. So here is my two cents if it is worth anything.- No control rebind (as of yet to my knowledge)- NO LOOT ANYWHERE (wait for server reset?)- Zombies lag, you can punch them to death and they don't seem to mind.- Zombies glitch through the ground and walls like in DayZ- Zombies insta-respawn- P2W crate drops = bad- proxy chat has terrible qualitiy, sounds like I'm talking to a blender- slugish open/close doors- objects floating (see my picture for example) all over the map- wildlife doesn't mind you killing them- dead zombies/wildlife insta-despawn (understandable, but doesn't mean I have to like it)But the WORST part is that there is a fully functioning micro-transation store waiting for your wallet.By the power and grace of our Lord Gaben, please for the love of Half Life 3 get this off Steam. It is on par with WarZ/Survivor Stories what ever the heck it's called.With love, THEOTHERJESTER-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------[Day One - Login In Attempt #56] - In this current state after long enough trying to log into the game, I cannot recommend anyone to get it. Hold off until everyone goes to sleep or something cause you proabably aren't going to be getting on anytime soon.10/10 Sony, won't be buying any Early Access crap anymore."
,Not Recommended,295110,30254488,Posted: 28 February,all,A Rather Slender Man™,H1Z1 : Just Survivelets fix that shall we?HRunZ1 : Just RefundMuch better
,Not Recommended,295110,20376212,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Nazario,"I enjoyed it very much till Daybreak put their hands on it. Then they made it too casual and not that dark it was before. Those funny hats and stuff like that also ruins the atmosphere for me. Also the new devs focused mostly on Battle Royal, while many people loved (including me) loved this game coz of the survival mode."
,Not Recommended,295110,23945210,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,MGKoolie,"This game has turned from a zombie survival game with a battle royal killing field to KING OF THE KILL. Buy our crates today!The game wasn't meant to be a zombie themed team deathmatch game but thats what it has come down to. The updates they do for this game are few and far between but now the king of the kill side of things now there is the bread butter and entire turkey meal.I hate to be the person that says they like the game and then leave a negative review but I'm being honest here. I like most have spent way to much on this game with the crates and keys. I look back at how much I spent and it makes me sick to think I wasted so much for skins for a game. When you spend over 100 bucks on a game that costs 20 bucks *bought before the split happened* it is a little bit sickening. My sick wasn't 100 bucks wasted though. Multiply that number by ten. Yes over $1,000 worth of useless garbage and still never getting all the skins I wanted. One of the worset choices I could have made. I chose to support them because i do enjoy the game and I thought they still had a chance to make this game great.After months and months of promises of new content coming and ""Hey Community we have great things to come checkout the new screamer zombie!"" Yes we have that now but where is our Katana blade? Where is the New map they said was going to go live 6 months ago? Its on King of the kill oh yeah I see whats going on here.People complain about the hackers and glitchers. Well yes there are measures that they could have done to make the game yes vulnerable to being attacked by scripters / hackers however you see those people as. If people want to cheat in a game they will find a way. For goodnessake  we got people glitching out farmville just to get ahead on that game. My point is, there is always going to be hackers in the game unless they truely work on a anticheat of their own.Everyone has a right to their own opinion, and daybreak has the right to ignore mine. Like I said before I love the game and I want to believe in the dev team but I can't take them serious when all they push is king of the kill on this game and crates crates creates..."
,Not Recommended,295110,20976399,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,ninjanymous,"TLDR: That's a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥with billions of bugs and game design fails.At first devs telling you ""hey, this game is gonna be a DayZ but with A REAL GAME INSIDE. and it's gonna be FREE after release!"". Then they ♥♥♥♥ing you up with splitting it up into two different games and telling ""hey, btw each of this games now will cost 20$! And forget about that ""free-to-play"" stuff.""When one of the developers was asked on reddit, how do they plan to fix all that swarms of bugs before summer (PVP h1z1 release date), he answered:""The game isn't going to be perfect because no online game really ever is.""They took planetside 2's engine and can't even make it render player's models at like 300m. They talked about new places and map's enhance, but that's only words for many many months. They can't do anything about hackers from the very start till now. ""Daybreak""? More like ""Gamebreak"" to me.Forgive me Smedley and come back, you wasn't THIS bad."
76561198090616637,Not Recommended,295110,14007795,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Vychodnarrr,Confirmed pay2win game.Not recommending
,Not Recommended,295110,21897258,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Gaddafi,"Lol no. Don't get it, terrible game. Buggy, hackers, lag, overall bad. Worst game I've bought."
,Not Recommended,295110,15017511,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Krombopulos Michael,"$20 for Early access, for a game that will be eventually be f2p? I don't mind, we're helping out the devs.Charging a monthly fee for an ingame feature during early access? You can eat a motherf*cking♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,295110,14007190,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Joaby,"UpdateAt this stage I wouldn't recommend you buy into this game.There are no Australian servers, and there doesn't seem to be any intention to create Australian servers. This makes looting items in the game world painful. It can often take up to 3 seconds to search a single object. In a building with dozens of objects, playing this game from Australia is basically a ""searching filing cabinets simulator"".The airdrops have been modified to include guns 'less often', but they still have guns and they still introduce weapons into the loot economy of the world. You pay, and someone wins. That is pay to win. Semantics don't change that.I understand the reasoning behind Airdrops, but it's based on a flawed understanding of the mechanics that make these games fun. It creates a hostile environment where killing is the primary option, turning the game into a large map deathmatch. The idea behind airdrops is that it creates a point of interest for players on the server, so they'll flock to the drop to attempt to get whatever is inside. Because social interactions are at the core of the survival game experience, this seems like it would be a good thing.The thing is, anyone can make a bow and arrows with the items they have when they spawn, which means anyone can attack from range basically immediately. This means that airdrops are a bow and arrow deathmatch arena. This is a mistake, because survival games are supposed to be about valuing your life, not throwing it away for the opportunity of some gear that shouldn't exist in the game world as it is.Anyway, this still isn't a review. It's an early access game and there's still room for improvement. It is my recommendation that you don't buy this game in Early Access at this point in time. I'll update again some other time.Previous Review BelowAt this stage I wouldn't recommend you buy into this game.Well it seems you can use real money to buy airdrops that give you guns and ammo, which is pretty much my definition of pay-to-win even if these airdrops will at some point be 'contested'. It says I've got ""2 hours"" on record, but I've spent all day trying to get into this woefully broken game without success.The one time I did get into the game I alt-tabbed out to work out why Shadowplay wasn't working and the game promptly crashed, but crashes and bugs I think come with the territory of an Early Access game.Still, you'd imagine a company like Sony Online Entertainment would at least get a game to a basic level of quality before charging money for it.That said, I don't agree with the idea that this is a review. This is simply my initial impressions of a game that doesn't really work much and also appears to contain some terrible pay-to-win elements.I wrote this more as a warning for all my Steam friends."
,Not Recommended,295110,21535024,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,piper,They split the games and thank god I didn't have to buy it again if I owned it prior to split.Developers are ♥♥♥♥ing autistic for splitting this game it was fine they are just all in for the money now even though they have their own market.H1Z1SelloutSplit
76561198193805867,Not Recommended,295110,34269074,Posted: 15 August,all,Hanover,You killed this game!
,Not Recommended,295110,18893361,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Backwood Billa,"Played for 2000 hrs dont buy this game they fail to keep up with their deals that they make to their customers, loaft on the bug fixes, also there is no survival aspect of this game anymore they have shifted to br friendly only enviroment know and wasted all our money on that, so that being said if u looking for a br game this is the one but know that once it releases ur gonna have to pay subscription I bought the game for the survival aspect and got nothing after wating patch after patch and no good new content just new bugs that mess up the game so yea im done after a year of playing this game have fun yall later #OntoTheNext"
,Not Recommended,295110,26724047,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Tyrizian,"When it was just one game, it was pretty good, but, once Daybreak decided to divide it into two separate games (King of the Kill & Just Survive), Just Survive got less of the attention, and got worse from there.Because of Daybreak's bad decision making, as well as all their broken promises, really made me lose all trust in them.This game is not worth the time, nor the money...it's early access abandonware"
76561198093039626,Not Recommended,295110,22656486,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,ALexBlue,"This game is just bad. There is no point to spend your money and your time ofc to such a failure!I will give you 7 reasons why this game is broken.-Daybreak is making more skins for cloths and weapons than improving their game. H1Z1 is more than 2 years in alpha.-Survive in a zombie apocalipse they said... Must be fun they said... No! Zombies are broken and they can run faster than a car, attacking you from 10m. away, making tons of damage even when you have body armors equipted and ofc... Some of them can fly ! WTF ?! They even try to add new type of zombies when the rest of them are a total mess.-No matter what server you will choose to play, you are about to face cheaters! They get in your base with noclip, watching you behind the walls with ESP (or checking if you are online at your base so they can raid) and ofc killing you 10 cities away with one shoot. BOOM aimbot.-Daybreak is all about the money. All the past moves were just to gain money and making people believe that one day this game will be improved. H1Z1 is now 2 games and you need to pay for each one. Smart move right ? That move called ""improvement"".They don't even have an anti-cheat (they got one really bad). There is an announcement at the top of your screen, in game, that says who is getting banned. Guess what. Every 2 hours someone is getting banned.-Developers are really bad and the game is full of glitches. People are using exploits. The funny part is that.. THERE IS A TEST SERVER! Before they change something they should try it before releasing it in the official servers.Cars are broken as well. If you found a car there is no way to secure it. Maybe you can from enemy players but you can't protect them in general. They explode for no reason, they fall under your deck foundation (base), sometimes they just vanish..-It's really simple. Crafting system, building system and even colleting stuff is really easy to do. To be honest i think the word ""survival"" game or the word ""crafting"" game is wrong.-There is nothing to help you protect your loots. If you die inside of your base you will respawn randomly in the map and you need to go again back to your base with NOTHING. If you get killed by raiders your base is gone."
,Not Recommended,295110,28428739,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,{Infected} Brian,"Currently unplayable. To become relevant it needs a new map, new base building system, fixed melee combat system, improved zombie AI, improved wildlife AI, survival aspects that actually matter, and an actual clan system. This would be a start at a decent game."
76561198086136531,Recommended,295110,14493993,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Reido,"Went into a store, someone was in it, asked me if I want some coffee.I didn't answered, he pointed his finger at the door and said ""Get out off my store"".10/10 for the community"
,Not Recommended,295110,21367031,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,⚡Nash,░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░▄H1Z1 ▄░░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
76561198053848368,Not Recommended,295110,14006854,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,krngf,Lying pieces of♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198014686022,Not Recommended,295110,30922225,Posted: 3 April,all,PotatoChipHands,Do not waste your money for that useless game with greedy devs. Still unfinished and with cheaters but making money of foolish and naive players. Shame!
,Not Recommended,295110,32093173,Posted: 31 May,all,Cheese,Dont even need to say much besides the devs gave up
,Not Recommended,295110,18440919,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,jim,"If you are too good at this game, they will ban you.And guess what?They'll deny your ban appeal because they are always right."
76561198030855457,Not Recommended,295110,14421455,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,RobBob420,"Would I recommend this game to a Friend?  Probably not. Not at this stage at leastLet me explain, and why I decided to give it a try.I saw a queue suggestion on my steam account about the H1Z1 Early Access.  I watched a game play trailer, and read several reviews by other players who were currently playing the game.I read the disclaimer about how the game was in development, and changes were very frequent, and that it was early alpha stages.However, I never really understood what the designers “Intent” for the game was.  Based on the game play trailer and some other player reviews, I understood the game to be a survival based game set in a zombie apocalypse.  What really drew me to the game was reviews about the crafting nature of the survival side of this.  (EDIT:  I should mention here, that i'm new to the survival Genra, i've never really been drawn to this area before)The price was right, and jumped in feet first into a premium account.  The first couple weeks of game play was exactly what I expected.  Allot of fun, some minor issues with bugs and client crashes and a world littered with players exploiting in game mechanics.  I get that.  It’s alpha, very early stages.What has really soured me over the course of the last few days, are the changes to loot, and scavenging.  Sure I suspect some things are not working quite right (EDIT: Confirmed by developers they are working on loot issues), but the part that has really soured me, is the communities response.On reddit over the weekend, many users begain to report issues with broken loot, and in most of these posts, other players would respond with the followingIt’s working as intendedIt’s not supposed to be easyIt’s not a shooterGuns are supposed to be rare.Well that got me wondering, really?  Because that wasn’t the impression I got from the game play trailer.  In fact watching the trailer again, is shows players banding together to fight off zombies with MOSTLY guns.  In 2 scenes, it shows a player with a bow.Now I can look past the unfinished aspect of many of the games systems.  Base Building has a long way to go.  Zombies have a long way to go.  Crafting has a long way to go.  PVP is a KOS fest.But the fundamental design concept of super rare loot, in an environment that offers no in game protection of loot once acquired, has really soured me.I don’t mind starting from nothing.  I don’t mind incremental progress that could all be lost.  But what I don’t see being fun, is scouring the country side for hours looking for mats to cobble together some very basic items, only to have said items taken once I logout.If LOOT is going to be so RARE that it encourages taking from other players over from the environment, I just don’t see that as something I wish to play. (EDIT: I want to clarify here.  IF your idea of PVP is reswapn, craft a crude bow, spear, hatchet, knife, hunt down other players for loot, die, rinse repeat.  then this game is for you.  I dont see any fun in that.)In the state the game is currently in, and based on what the devs have tweeted and what players who have been following this game since before EA have said, it’s becoming clear that the intended game design, does NOT match up with the game play trailer I watched.So all I offer here, is a suggestion for other players who might be considering this game.  Please do some more research into the intended game design before making any decision.  Because I don’t think what is being marketed right now, really matches up with, what is being developed.EDIT-------------------------------------------------Let me clarify a few points people are making.I have no problem what so ever with PVP, i enjoy PVP.  but i DON't enjoy PVP if i'm spending the BULK of my time trying to find items to be competitive with, to in fact PVP.my Main point about rarity of guns is this.    IF they are so rare as to make them have MAJOR value, that encourges hackers to steal from storage containers, there is no chance for real world PVP to develope.  it's just a spawn kos fest.  HOW much fun can it be to pvp with chars that are litterly 20 mins old.respawn, make a bow, hope for scrap metal, make a spear, go pvp,rinse repeat.did i even mention a gun there?   3-4 days ago loot got so bad as it wasn't just GUNS that were missing, it was actually difficult to find your first few scraps of METAL after a respawn.clearly loot is not working correctly, the developers have since posted to that, again if you read the review, i said my problem wasn't with the game or the developers.  it was with other people playing the game who WANT loot to be this way.They think it makes the game HARD, and they like to stroke there ego by thinking they are HARDCORE.it's an alpha game, nothing about it is going to be HARDCORE yet  get over yourselfs =D.my review was my way of just informing others that they MAY want to do a bit more research on the game than just a casual glance.the developers still haven't posted the ROADMAP, nobody knows what the design goals even are at this point.i was willing to give SOE the benefit of the doubt, but now i'm not so sure.now regarding pvp ♥♥♥♥♥ comment.i've been playing FPS Shooters since the early days of Doom2, i ran a BBS out of my bedroom with 4 modems so me and friends could play deathmatches.  I loved pvp in ultima online.  i've played every freaking game you can imagine in the last 25-30 years.I""M pretty sick of PVP.  it gets freaking OLD."
,Not Recommended,295110,14022961,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Kcrash,"Originally the Sony promised the ONLY purchasable items would be cosmetics.Airdrop Comment from Smed -http://www.reddit.com/r/h1z1/comments/2slbmc/airdrops/Comment on Purchasables -http://www.reddit.com/r/h1z1/comments/23oqm8/we_had_our_first_monetization_meeting_yesterday/""We will NOT be selling Guns, Ammo, Food, Water... i.e. That's kind of the whole game and it would suck in our opinion if we did that."" Which is exactly what a CRATE or AIRDROP is... Crates drop right in front of you, AirDrop is nearby.You can crap in a toilet, or poop on a sidewalk, and dookie in the forest. Smed can call it whatever he wants, and some people may agree with him, while others will disagree. But in the end, everyone is still going to call it ""♥♥♥♥"", because it is exactly what it is.I asked for a Refund, because he went back on his word (even if you disagree, IT STILL PARTIALLY paying for a item to win)..... so even partially is enough for me to honestly have no regrets asking for a refund and telling Smed to F OFF. Cause if he is willing to do this now, then in the long end he will definitely be turning this into P2W? So ask yourself, with Sonys reputation of turning games P2W are you going to risk that? Some of you will argue, and that is fine. You have a right to your own opinion. Neither mine or yours is right, but I am still allowed to have mine and you can have yours. Insults or telling me I don't know anything just proves how small minded you are and how little you know of me and my Background in the gaming community.Good Luck, Have Fun, and remember everyone has a right to an opinion. Just because you disagree with it does not mean it is wrong. We all have our ideas of what we want in a game......we all have different tastes in games.EDIT: Side note.... Over the life time of 7 Days to Die a little over 2600 Negative reviewes. For H1Z1 on the first day for negative reviews a little over 2300.LoL wowEDIT (pt 2): I do not usually remove or delete repsonses... however if you feel the apt to insult or call names. Or tell me I don't know anything, then I will simply do so. You have your right to an opinion just as I do mine, but don't sit there and try to insult me to make yourself think your right.EDIT (pt3): I love how people ONLY mention the airdrops and tell me it has been fixed, the other problem.  crates, those get dropped right in front of you. Cost more, less chance of something better but still pay to win. Crates & Airdrops are 2 different purchables.They aren't selling guns or things like they directly, ok they put it in a box??....NICE!!! So they wrapped it up for you like a present! XD (In a box or in a  bag, makes no difference you are still paying for the win)"
,Not Recommended,295110,35050790,Posted: 18 September,all,TM,"PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE BUYING.THIS GAME IS NEVER EVER GOING TO BE GOOD ANYMORE AND IM BEING SERIOUS.Player count has hit the 800's at peak. You speak to the developers on discord regarding issues and they ban you for being negative. They arent interested in your opinion nor you enjoying the game. You can post constructive criticism in the discord and they'll ban you but if someone comments about cancer or anything serious they wont touch them.The game has been destroyed by the developers.How can you buy a game, spend 100's of hours and they completely change the game, new map and new name. Doesn't that entitle me to a refund? I backed a game and they completely changed it due to people complaining they needed change. Change had to happen and all they did was introduce a new map and new name. Just like a company that went bankrupt.Dont bother with your time, the game is riddled with bugs and if you comment on them they wont change them.I have so many friends that spent 4k hours into this game and they regret it so much because of how its turned out.If you FELT like you should buy it. Let me put it this way, if you go onto the game and look at the servers, there are possibly 2 servers with nearly max pop. Fancy building a base... you cant, why cant you? Because theres fixed bases now and they are all taken so enjoy playing on a server with no one else on.Did i mention they rushed this 'new update' to live because they were losing players and they released 1/4 of the 'new map' and it sucks... hard. Do i need to say anymore? Oh... they listen to the small minority of the community who play PVE on the game and thats why the game is the way it is now and nothing is built for PVP.Well done daybreak on such an amazing game.10/10"
,Not Recommended,295110,16541890,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Rictus,"Do you like spending countless hours and days surviving, looting and building?Do you like having all of this undone by players who use game exploits and hacks?Do you like reporting multiple hackers per night, only to see the same ones offending again the next week?Do you like having to start over and over and over again, with the hope that this server will be better?Do you like being ignored as a consumer when it comes to speaking your problems about said product?If you answered YES to any of these questions, please remove the $20 from your wallet and ignite it with the nearest source of flame, as this produces the same result in a more expedient manner."
,Not Recommended,295110,21287580,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,SpicyKebab,"Screw the developers of this game. They split it into two games costing 20$ each even though they said it would be free to play. Just like dayz, the devs are lazy and the are greedy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.I will admit there is some fun to be had, but for me that is only in the battle royale aspect of h1z1. Just survive is a little lacking and i just dont have much fun playing just survive compared to king of the hillall the hours i have of this game are purely from battle royale before the split."
,Not Recommended,295110,14006370,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Pears,unplayable and falsely advertised.
,Not Recommended,295110,25281601,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Andy,Two words : poorly optimized.
,Not Recommended,295110,17066033,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,LF.MoT (lf-clan.com),"You will love this game if you are a cheater. If you are a gamer you won't.Alpha is alpha i know, but maybe Daybreak Game should change their priorities to prevent cheats like no clipping or speed hacks, instead of adding unimportant content nobody really needs because hackers takes your fun."
,Not Recommended,295110,15304211,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,先生 Vasx,"First they said this game will be free-2-play but I remember paying $20 for this game...Now ! we should pay 7$ per month for a GAME MODE (Battle royale) in a pre-alpha early access game?Hahaha It's a cash grab, pure and simple. Don't buy this game.https://twitter.com/j_smedley/status/578626953898389504http://massivelyop.com/2015/03/20/h1z1-wont-charge-for-battle-royale-anytime-soon/People keep writing♥♥♥♥♥♥on this Review so pleas do me a favor and read the news.Here we are ......for all those, who didnt believe me. cash grab."
,Not Recommended,295110,23223844,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Desired[Raine],Letting everyone know now out of experience.... the devs are lazy as ♥♥♥♥... they can afford two seperate dev tteams but cannot  afford people to watch the servers....  they have the money to do it... its their laziness and it makes me sick... if you guys are prepared for hackers and not 1 thing done about it.. then get this game. if  you want to be smart about your  money.. definitley do not spend it on this trash lazy cev ♥♥♥♥ing game
,Not Recommended,295110,21282362,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Taternator - God Of Benchpress,Knew it was too good to be true.
76561197986835189,Not Recommended,295110,31396977,Posted: 27 April,all,Workplace_Ace,"Please, do us all a favor and DO NOT SUPPORT THIS GAME! These guys are crooks! I bought this game because they said they were actually going to make a game. Then the King of the Hill game mode got popular so what did they do? They made is a seperate game from the original H1Z1 and charged people seperatley for it.It seriously makes me sick at how blindy greedy that move was but at least I am not the only one. PLAYERUNKNOWN got sick of it too and did the community a favor and is making his own version of the game the correct way with morales and ethics and listening to the community like a genuinely good game developer. Please do not buy this game, go buy PLAYERUNKNOWN'S BATTLEGROUND. It's already WAY better than this game which has been out FOREVER now and still SUCKS!!!"
,Not Recommended,295110,21482052,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Thanagor,"Hello guys, this is my first review and i want to talk about Hack1Z1,> You want to loot somewhere like bullets, foods and drinks, hospital keys what you need to.. and go for D10 houses.> ""The XXX"" guy founds you and kills you with one shot.> Say in your mind ""i could run but he were very lucky""> Then you spawned B9 and changed your position to loot C9 mines side.> But you are dead again because of the same guy ""The XXX"" founds you again in C9 mines, and kills you again with one shot.> Say in your mind ""yeah, he came here and he is looting too cuz C9 and D10 very close positions, and he were lucky to get me with one shot 2 times!""> Then you spawned at your base's position D10 again and go to base, took your military helmet,  steel armor, shotgun and 10 bullets cuz of you can need it.> You say ""he is going to west so i can go east"" and take to road to F9, and you say ""this time he cant find me cuz C9 and F9 too far away to go on foot or it takes some time (you know what i mean).> When you finally there in F9, check the town and go in house, but you know what? You are dead again because of the same guy ""The XXX"" killed you with one shot again!!> He found you everywhere over and over and over and you curse Daybreak too dirty.Yes. This is my H1Z1 story, i was getting fun once, till this happens. And yes again, i am not a professional H1Z1 player but i can tell the difference between hack shot and clean shot. Too many hacks and cheats in this game and you know what? I really liked this game but i still want to play? No, not anymore. I am DONE!So if you wanna buy this game enjoy playing against to hackers,Cheers."
,Not Recommended,295110,20254354,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Man In The Purple Hat,"So yeah, How about that zombie survival game I was looking forward too a year ago, Whats that you say? Oh thats right, they dont update that nonsence anyore because it certainly dosnt make money like BR! Now this games a ♥♥♥♥ing cash grab P2W  piece of soggy dog scat roasting on the asphalt of the steam""ealy access"" page. I was really looking forward to the survival aspect of the game too but after a year of development ive seen like 3 recipes and a couple new guns, what the hell devs? but ohhh thats right survival isnt worth a damn cause oh boy we got KRATEZ & SKINZ & 360 NO SCOPE MLG PRO TWITCH...yeah im♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ this isnt what this game was supposed to become, a big wet moldy chunky lump of monkey skeet, unless you like paying to win, microtransactions on a early access game, and devs who dont do anything about hackers NOR update♥♥♥♥♥♥on what the game was SUPPOSED to be, a ZOMBIE survival game, not a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ rip of counter strike with your virtual skins and your TF2 crates, hell id rather sink money into TF2 crates this this bucket of rectal waste. but I digress...TL/DR : Dont buy this game, its fecal matter. 0/10"
,Not Recommended,295110,30953285,Posted: 4 April,all,AniiL ^.^,"So first of all i have to say JS used to be one of the best survival games out there at the time when they released it , but now it turned completely to trash !-the devs only care about KOTK instead of adding content / or anything new to JS ,-way tomuch hackers.-no major/content update since a year-devs just dont give a fu** anymore about this game-ah did i alrdy said? devs dont care about the gameso dont buy this game!!sad how the twitch streamers+devs etc. destroyed this game kinda with only focusing on KOTK instead of JS like in the beginning!rest in peace lovely game."
,Not Recommended,295110,21094299,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Lonewolf,"H1Z1 was an extremely hyped game to begin with, with many developer streams to entice the potentiality of gamers thinking of buying it. The game is pretty fun but the main focus of the game being survival is plagued by bad decisions by the developers such as having to constantly update the amount of loot in the game as at one point there was too little which was combated with too much. The survival is completely overridden with Hackers and Cheaters which ruin the fun of the gameplay even though the gameplay and survival aspect has a lot of potential. Currently, most of the games population play Battle Royal which is repetitive and boring after a few games. The developers decided to try and cash out on the game aswell by introducing an unboxing system, similar to valve games such as CS:GO and TF2. Completely ridiculous and the game scores low for me.Score: 4 out of 10"
76561198022297066,Not Recommended,295110,18192671,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,//Nyat,"So people can use invisibility, console kill, godmode hacks freely. One guy can kill 6 full equipped people ""in a house"" with just bow (not crossbow, talking about makeshift bow)  with invisibility. People is seen above screen about ""banned"" with a warning, but everyone is playing the game with hacks. So how can people play fair? So no one can play online fps and tps games anymore. We should play with hack or play rpg games. At least, rpg games have hack shield that actually works and bans people who uses hacks."
,Not Recommended,295110,17805109,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,DeathFortune | OLD SPICE,Stephen Hawking runs better than this game
,Recommended,295110,16566249,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,tree manifesto,"Day 1Clothes? Who needs em? Run naked through the woods with satchel, bow, and arrows.  Really want backpack.Day 3Why am I always so thirsty? Munch much blackberries, new best friend.  Still no backpackDay 4I built a shack, yay!  And look, this game has guns, after all!  Found orange backpack!  Orange backpack not so great for camoflage, died.  No more backpack.Day 7Well, my shack door got blown off, next time bigger shack, better door.  Found Tan Military backpack spawn!Day 9OhgodBEAR OHGODBEAR... GODBEAR...HACKBEAR!!!  Backpack....bear.... ='(Day 14This is the greatest base of all time! I have ALL THE BACKPACKS!!!  Achievement unlocked: Backpack QuestDay 15Base raided, backpacks gone, life meaningless.  Battle Royale only solution.  Much backpacks here.Day 20New server, new wipe, no backpacks.  Shack is fortified with punjis, others not so happy with this.  Keep finding backpacks scattered among the punjis like sacrifices. Truck acquired.Day 21Spent all night beating a wrecked car into submission with a series of crowbars.  Achievement Unlocked! Transform Car into Fortress Backpack.  Truck exploded unexpectedly, lost a backpack.  Found Jeep!Day 22Others have bases which probably contain backpacks.  Can't let them have backpacks, they are for Fortress Backpack.Commence Fertilizer Quest. Jeep exploded unexpectedly, lost a backpack.  Found Truck!Detained Individual.  Individual did not have a backpack.  Released individual unharmed.Day 25Others interfering in Fertilizer Quest.  Can't let them have my backpack.  Always carry shotgun now, always shoot first.  Only ask backpack-related questions.Day 35Fertilizer Quest never ends.  Too many bases, too many backpacks.  Such smoking ruin.  Others rebuild, and are destroyed anew, in a vicious cycle of Fertilizer and Backpacks.  The blood of animals and survivors alike flows into a biofuel slurry, stuffed into trunks of cars along with endless piles of shotguns.  What is this place? Who am I? Can I have your backpack?Commentary:Hackers-Yeah there are some problems with hackers on the high pop servers.  Report them enough, they get banned, then some pop back up with each steam sale.  Considering the anti-cheat so far is entirely ""manual"" ie. requiring human intervention, I think Daybreak is doing ok in that regard.  Wait-and-see is the smart approach, as anyone can see, since they are still iterating on the anti-cheat mechanisms.  Anyone who has played any online game, ever, knows there is a constant arms race between developers and the people reverse-engineering their game to cheat at it.  Don't like it? Don't play online games.  Or, go back to your xbox. You'll also find that hackers don't usually bother with the low-population servers as much or at all.  Which brings me to my next point:Population-I know people love their WoW servers to be the highest population possible, but all games are different.  Complaining that ""there's no loot"" or ""OMGhackers everywhere!"" or ""I just get killed at respawn"" while continuing to play on a high pop server is like repeatedly smashing your head into a wall. Gameplay varies massively depending on the population and ruleset of a server.  Can't get ahead on a high pop because you can't amass enough to build a proper base before getting raided?  Well, you should probably move to a more secluded location or consider a gameplay option that favours your playstyle.  Large groups may benefit more from the increased activity on hi-pop servers.  If it's just you and your buddy, you are definitely more likely to have a good experience on the lower-population servers.KoS-Player vs Player server?  Get shot at.Nobody needs a reason to kill you.  Every reason is already present:-you may have friends flanking-you might have a weapon not visible-you could be scouting to raid later-you are probably interfering with the item spawns-you have at least some things that can be usedIf you're lucky, you'll get someone who roleplays while they shoot you in the face.Last, Toxic♥♥♥♥♥♥Have nothing good to say? Buhleted."
,Not Recommended,295110,18208514,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Sgonofe,"I just couldn't recommend a game that I can't play.After every attempt to play I just get more frustrated due a ♥♥♥♥ing G32 error that says:""We're sorry, it looks like you are trying to play the game using a different station account then what was originally used when you finish bought Early Access.""I haven't played it since January and now I tried to play with a friend, but I can't no matter what I try. There's no way I have another account though I still can't log in. I have already tried to recover my password/daybreak account, but yet I can't log in. I paid for a game that I can't play, very nice.While I was able to play, it was a very fun game indeed, but as I can't it's not fun so I won't recommend H1Z1."
,Not Recommended,295110,19342611,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,HeroicTrickz,"The game is all based on Battle Royale, it's not a survival game. The survival aspect has been forgotten, while they ""focus"" on BR mode. This game is a lie, I bought this game hoping to play survival like crazy, but was let down. Don't get me wrong, i like this game, but the survival mode is completely♥♥♥♥♥ and all the times goes into BR."
76561198167592511,Not Recommended,295110,25820371,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Freaky Yolandi,RIP Just Survive
76561198075994090,Not Recommended,295110,14920476,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,AZ8879,Regret is strong with this one.
76561198019129676,Not Recommended,295110,18908732,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Ghost,"Broken servers, devs that don't explaing what is going on, put alot of hours into this game and it would be great but it seems introducing new skins takes precedence over fixing major faults in the game"
76561197997693040,Recommended,295110,14062795,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,ViciousPuppet,Offered to fist fight a guy for a can of peaches.... people gathered to watch and about 8 of us were run over by a car...10/10 Would fight for peaches
,Not Recommended,295110,33196104,Posted: 3 July,all,kreuz,"H1Z1 where did it go wrong?Well,The constant glitches and bugs which devs refuse to address""Updates"" which are usually just a new crateThe new planned update which completely ruins the point of a surrival gameDon't get me wrong, I've enjoyed this game throughout the year or two I've owned it but it's getting worse and there's no signs of improvement so I would not recommend it."
,Not Recommended,295110,19596269,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,AlienX,I think SOE renamed this team to Daybreak to avoid tarnishing SOE's name. Haven't seen a single Early Access zombie survival game that wasn't a cash grab. This one's no different.
,Not Recommended,295110,26265301,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Ne0,"Honestly, the amount of problems ive had with this game is extrordinary. Way too many bugs, Lot of times i cant even play: like right now it wont let me play just sits on the loading screen for 10 minutes, then i finally get to the lobby and i cant choose a server. Then just recently id start to play on a server and it would say ""Your packet loss exceeds unacceptable standards"" after 5 minutes every time for the past day. Like daybreak you really gotta do something about this."
,Recommended,295110,14682090,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Zeyray,>Spawned in>Ran to a nearby truckstop>Saw 2 guys>I said ''are you guys friendly''>3 other guys appear>There's now 5 guys surrounding me>The one squeaker yells ''GET DOWN ON THE GROUND''>I answer with ''I WON'T LET A SQUEAKER TELL ME WHAT TO DO''>I punch him repeatedly in the face>His friends just stand there and laugh at him>He says ''I'm gonna shoot now''>He fires a whole pistol mag at me at point blank range>He misses every shot>He is almost dead>One of his friends kills me with a bow10/10 would humiliate squeaker again
,Not Recommended,295110,14004133,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Noob Noob,Unless your desparate to look at the G99 login error id wait a month or so. Paid £15 to stay up all night looking at errors and incompleted requests. SOE should have been ready for this kind of thing or not released so soon. DayZ's release was buggy as F**K but at least you could actually get into the game!
76561198171749734,Not Recommended,295110,31700246,Posted: 12 May,all,xkwynx,"i bought this game shortly after it's release.. i installed it and was constantly killed by cheaters..spawned inside of locked bases and the graphics were lacking.. then they split the game into two seperate games but since i purchased it so early i owned them both (thanks a bunch for that) so i updated tried both ""games"" and got destroyed by cheaters and spwaned into places that left me waiting to die from anything that would let me... i left it alone for over a year downloaded it again today and nothing has changed.. the fact that they have the balls to sell skin packs for a game they've barely worked on in the entirety of its existence baffles me.. i wanted the zombie survival game i was promised and it disgusts me that i can never get my money back for a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥POS. maybe it'll be better years from now when the servers are dead but from my experience in the entire time this game has been live... don't waste your money. any dev team willing to charge you money for ""DLC"" before they've even finished the core game, in my opinion, is a bad team. this could've been a great game, but instead of the zombie survival game i was promised they gave us a broken glitchfest full of cheaters and a ""player unknown"" battle royale clone.  your money is better spent elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,295110,24238405,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,ウィアブー,"Dont buy this. Devs dont give a ♥♥♥♥ about the user base.Get Rust instead, way superior in every way."
,Not Recommended,295110,14330998,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Dags,"This game is a lot of fun initially. I enjoyed several hours of fun scavenging through zombie filled towns for  loot with the random person here and there. Many were friendly and some would introduce themselves with an arrow to the back of the head. This of course is what makes the game fun. There is danger around every turn and you never know what you will run into next. Loot has been a problem in this game since much of the places seems devoid of any useful items and finding the right materials to craft any weapon better then the starter bow can be difficult. This is a gripe that the devs are working on and shouldn't be held against this game too harshly. However, the reason I would NOT recommend this game is for the fact that Sony cannot deal with hackers on servers they themselves run. This is very similar to Rusts earlier versions that were full of more hackers then regular players. Nothing takes the joy out of a game more then spending hours and I mean HOURS of scrounging for loot only to have it ripped away from you by a teleporting gun toting hacker. Come on man how can you be sure it was a hacker and you're not just a huge nub? Great question! I know because I saw him fly down the street and through the wall to appear clipped through the cover I was hiding behind to put a pistol in my mouth.Bottom line: Game is fun, environment is interesting, hacking is rampant. Expect frustration. Do not purchase until Sony figures this out."
,Not Recommended,295110,20981090,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Pod,2020:H1Z1 free to play.
76561198257995389,Not Recommended,295110,24264630,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Viperkingred,To many hackers..... :(
,Not Recommended,295110,25792686,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,karlkrum,"Waste of money :/ , why did they try to split it into two seperate games? They should of focused on the product they promised instead of spliting and creating more work. The game is still in early develpoment, not worth buying yet."
,Not Recommended,295110,24432484,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Eric,"I bought the game when it came out... They have done a great job, but there are still SO MANY BUGS and It is DYING. I gave it a chance but im not going to play it until they think of the players other than dumb♥♥♥♥♥skins! I am so vivid with how they are wasting all the earnings to MAKING SKINS, INSTEAD OF TRYING TO UPDATE THE DAMN GAME!FIX YOUR♥♥♥♥♥♥DAYBREAK!(Review might change if they revive this dying game somehow..)"
76561198039623843,Not Recommended,295110,33061397,Posted: 30 June,all,Black & White,Another game that will never be finished.
,Not Recommended,295110,34672476,Posted: 1 September,all,piratemonkey,"Game was once fun.Incompetent team have basically destroyed it.Don't waste your money on this rubbish, go do something more fun with it like flush it down the toilet."
76561198038338699,Not Recommended,295110,28651883,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Eaglewolf,"Do NOT buy this. I couldn't even get past the G29 error. Never even got to play the game. Game Break Company strikes again. Avoid this ""company"" at all cost!!!"
,Not Recommended,295110,14970862,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Sander,Cash grab.
76561198141858862,Not Recommended,295110,14805475,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,theDJ@ims,"If you want to play a game designed perfectly for the hacking community, then it is a must buy! Great idea for a game though. Just without hacks, no point in playing after you play for an hour or two.Recommended for hackers only."
76561198055661794,Recommended,295110,14090997,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Ryude,"This game is what WarZ claimed to be, what Rust promised to become, and what DayZ will never be. You owe it to yourself to try this developing legend in gaming history."
76561198065715512,Not Recommended,295110,14007354,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,jmkiller92,Do not buy.
76561198036776356,Recommended,295110,14054023,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Maores,">see a guy>he want to be my friend>we travel for 20 minutes>he went to a random hill>he said he loves me,and jumped to death>i jumped too10/10would cry again"
,Recommended,295110,29566334,Posted: 29 January,all,Matt,"Okay so i think its time to write my first review .As you can see this review is based after lots of hours playedIve rage quit this game so many times and each time ive said to myself no more sitting at my keyboard frustrated at the way ive been killed or the hacks that have just magic bulleted me!!!!I joined H1 at the very start have run around in my pants with a bow shooting other noobs celebrating that first kill , watched as the game had developed slowly to the point now where its just stopped.Like any review ill start with why i play , this game has so much potential , i mean serious potential it could be awesome and at times something happens in game when you just sit smiling or laughing , those however have been very limited and the reason ive decided to write this review is based on my last 2 weeks of game play .I have played this game since day dot , test servers played , my crew a more mature gaming collective based of 5-6 guys have been together since the start and all of us have left this game at some point frustrated at the lack of developers inputs and changes.This game needs serious changes to keep me playing .... let me list some of the things that have happened to us over the last 2 weeks that has just ruined this for me.MAGIC BULLET ... you hear a gunshot from miles away then BANG insta death ,, ( hackers are here battleeye)hackers flew through the air follwed us while we were driving in a car to our garage .. killed us with magic bullets took our car then glitched through into the garage as we watched all 4 of our cars drive through through the walls .. i mean seriously WTF !!!Silent bullets.... no noise just red markers from hits then instant death again WTFAIMBOTS ... all these little tw*ts running around making impossible shots then laughing and jeering as they know they have it .... DAYBREAK do not broadcast the hackers that have been banned anymore because they simply are not... i hate to say it but its ruined the game  .. i just dont get the enjoyment they have one shotting or magic bulleting glitching ... i mean jesus christ what is the point .The game itself has so many bugs that are easily fixed  - simple things like gun reloading yet not shooting , getting stuck on stairs when trying to run up them , and many more.....This aside i have played 1700 + hours on this game because the general idea the base building and fun you can have with your mates is amazing ... its frustrating to see a game that could be SO SO good ruined by hackers and lack of development.We should as H1 players be at the stage where we have motorcycles , helicopters , resources such as oil mechanical parts etc, Instead the focus has always been on King of the Kill and making money from the crates and gear,Dont get me wrong the skins are really good however when you open the gate of your base rocking the new outfit and get magic bulleted within 30 seconds what the point.The Pros of this game are :Great PVP action when not getting hacked or fighting a cheaterBase building can be fun if done properlyRaiding others and gathering resourcesLoot is high at the moment so Ammo is abundant ( making PVP easier and more enjoyable)Great fun with friends ( dont use general chat in game you will get shot by people listening )Cons :Too many glitches and exploitsVehicles despawn and fall through bases -- find one use it have a laugh in it .Hackers are ruining this gamecone of fire on guns are sporadic you can hit a noob in the face full bore with a shotgun and they wont die , there is no consistancy to it.Development is too slow , too interested in making money from the crates and gear rather than fixing the problems.FAR too many bugs that have been present for ages not getting fixed.Servers are getting run over by large groups making superbases personally i think the amount of deck foundations should be limited to 1 per person.There are only a few high pop servers which are full of cheats and hackers. MED pop servers seem better but are a lot quieter.Ive tried to remain impartial but after so many hours of getting insta killed there is only so much you can take .Do i love this game .. YES ive had my moneys worth.Do i still play this game , yes  i will from time to time to keep in touch with players.Would i recommend it ... well £15 with 1700+ hours is good value for money but right now this game is at a breaking point , the devs need to make a decision on it , either stop saying things will change soon ( which they have been saying since the 10th hour of my game play) or make it clear to everyone that the game will not have changes made.Personally i WOULD recommend this game if you like base building and looting. i dont want these HACKING f*cks to win but right now they have driven me out of this game and until its fixed i wont be returning . Which is a massive shame due to the potential .If you want to PVP geared with friends then you will start to encounter the issues mentioned in this review.I have marked this as i would recommend it .. BUT this is due to the fun ive had over those hours made possible by friends . If you play lone wolf you will die alot , this is a game where you need to make friends. very rarely will you be able to kill just 1 person and not get ruined by thier back up ."
76561198112468273,Not Recommended,295110,25544719,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,🎃✝Klaus The  Fox✝🎃,"G32 error for logging in perently ""not my right account"" go to support web just all errors wont let u change anything on your account its all garbage  theres no good support on account management"
76561197965707608,Not Recommended,295110,21285589,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,El Goonio,"Complete clownfiesta. Moneygrubbing devs split the game in two, don't seem to actually be investing in the game or the community. Don't buy this unless you hate yourself."
,Not Recommended,295110,22759082,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,CatataFish,"Do Not Buy This Game! This gamemaker is 100% focused on money. After 35 tweets, 10 e-mails and several attempts trying to contact them otherwise, I still got no respond. Not even a read confirmation. I record all my gameplay and uploaded several video`s for daybreaker where it clearly shows a hacker. No response... Now my account has been stolen and they expect me to re-buy the game. Which costs 40$ for both games nowadays.The game is ruled by hackers and no fun at all if I look back at the time I spent on this game. I was always busy trying to capture hackers.If you decide to buy this game anyway, find a whitelisted server and try to get on the list. You will encounter a lot less hackers then on the regular servers! Maybe even none."
,Not Recommended,295110,20984303,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Broken Icecream Machine,"Devs got greedy, besides we can't host our own servers. Do yourself a favor and go find a different game."
76561198059068824,Not Recommended,295110,22726938,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Hamzaaaaa,Go buy rust and not this♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,295110,14245162,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,ur mcm,"I lay down in a bath and some guy came in and said ""Room for one more?"" we both sat in the bath together and he said. ""I, I just don't even know anymore man... it's all just too much""10/10 would bond again"
76561198172145154,Not Recommended,295110,20982819,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Mint Crumb,"I have loved this game, the only thing about it that I found frustrating, was how small of a game it was.  After a while there is not much new content to achieve.  However, even with that limitation, I have loved it.  Till now.  I cannot believe they are breaking this game into two parts.  Its not even full enough for one part, let alone doing this.  It is pure greed to do this, forcing people to resort to purchasing in world content twice over to use in both 'new' games.  Do yourself a favour and try another game, its sadly over for this one."
,Not Recommended,295110,18895599,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,[1S1K]Airborne,"TLDR:  While I was an early access supporter, I can no longer support this game.  H1Z1 has become a cash grab instead of developing a fun game to play.This review is from the perspective of someone who LOVED DayZ Mod Epoch and was hoping that H1Z1 would be it's natural successor.  DayZ Mod Epoch was a LOT of fun and we played it for years.  Towards the end the gameplay got kinda stale and the server lag when 40-50 players were in, put us on the search for a new game.First 4 Months of Development:In comes H1Z1 with TONS of hype.  The developers actually TALKED to the community, LISTENED, and IMPLEMENTED the things the community wanted.  Quite literally on a weekly basis there was something new, and I could see TONS of ideas from their Reddit Community being implemented.  That awesome period went on for about 4 months while H1Z1 was owned by SOE (Sony Online Entertainment).  Sure there were bugs, sure there were problems, but the positives FAR outweighed the drawbacks.After the First 4 Months:Then comes the evil money hungry venture capitalist firm Columbus Nova.  They purchased SOE and renamed it DBG (Daybreak Games).  That's when the trouble began.  Content slowed down significantly.  When the new content did come, it was full of game breaking bugs, most of it not even related to the new content (so they'd add a new gun type, and break the ability to fill water bottles, wtf really how are those two things even related in the code?).  The focus of the game shifted from GOOD CONTENT to MAKING MONEY.  Skins, tournaments, game sales, nerfing their steam marketplace, etc, etc ,etc.  It's gotten to the point where it seems game development seems to reside 75%+ on making money, and 25% or less on making the customers happy with cool new content.DayZ Mod Epoch was epic, and we loved it.  H1Z1 was epic, and now we don't play it anymore."
,Not Recommended,295110,20943432,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Mr_Nommington,"Fun game overall, but until they fix the fact that players build in high loot areas and make things impossible to loot I won't be playing it. There are way too many player bases in the world and it ruins the game."
,Not Recommended,295110,20995663,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,FOXDIE,Some gamers never tolerate game errors/crashes/etc even it's alpha > Refund. (Note: System 4790k gtx980 50mbit fibernet Win 8.1)
,Recommended,295110,19514873,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,decillioth,"This game gets me in the feels.I spawnI meet a guyHe threatens me with a bowI negotiateHe decides not to kill meAchievement Earned - ""Negotiator""I now have a new friend :)We loot a couple buildings, and have decent gearWe find a carA team of 4 approaches usAchievement Earned - ""We're Screwed""They get out of their carThey threaten us with assault rifles""Get on the ground"" they sayMy new friend yells,""FOR SPARTA!!!""He rushes them with a HatchetHe manages to kill one, and injure anotherHe's shot in the head""Eghkk... uhgghg.. avenge...ekhf...me...""My friend diesI run to our carI manage to lose themI cry11/10 would negotiate again.REAL REVEIWH1Z1 is a Early Access survival game that borrows many aspects from Dayz, buts adds its own content as well (like zombie hordes that form over time). Ok, so this game is fun. After 60+ hours in the game, I feel like I have seen everything this game has to offer. The experiences that you can have in this game are great; Theres nothing boring about holding up a group of freshies and asking them for their pants. The map is quite big, but nowhere near the size of Dayz's. Combat mechanics and gameplay are smooth, but could be improved. This game looks good, (it makes me wish I had a better computer).Experiences-10/10Gameplay-7/10Graphics- 8/10 (Its nothing like Dayz, if you were wondering)OVERALL GAME- 8.5/10"
,Not Recommended,295110,21941907,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,wXzu,░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░ Daybreak    ░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░  Support    ░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
76561198011672757,Not Recommended,295110,14007235,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Skeeter,"I think that AAA developers have a hard time understanding what makes a successful genre/game.  They don't understand why the sandbox survival series became popular and how to emulate it.  We all know that this game (and many others) were popular thanks to rocket making DayZ.  I don't mind people trying to emulate it, the games are really fun. But SOE completely dropped the ball on this one and did not understand one bit of what made DayZ so popular.In a harsh survival sandbox, the fun of the game comes from how brutal it is and how close to real life it emulates in a hypothetical situation/enviornment.  The immersion comes from the fact that the games mechanics come very close to portraying how real life would play out in a made-up scenario.  This is where h1z1 falls flat.  Being able to buy your survival completely destroys the atmosphere and realism for the vast majority of players.  SOE explicitly said they would not do this and -lied- to their loyal fanbase.  Im sorry SOE, you cannot rationalize airdrops NOT being pay-to-win, especially in a game where the fun comes from trying to aquire those items in a brutal enviornment.It truly blows my mind that virtually everyone EXCEPT the developers understand what constitutes pay-to-win.  If I had known this prior, I would not of purchased this game.  I would of happily paid $60 + tax for this game had it not had this incredibly stupid feature.  Pay-to-win is dumb in any game, but in a survival game it completely destroyes the entire point of playing."
76561198117662116,Not Recommended,295110,21490911,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Fawn,"This game currently ♥♥♥♥ing complete trash.First of all,let me get the dirty laundry out of the way.This game developers were originally Sony Who sold all the stocks to this new daybreak company.THE DAY BREAK COMPANY SHORTLY AFTERWARD FIRED THE PROJECTS LEAD DEVELOPER.It was orginally intended to be free to play.Then the new company decided to make people pay for it.The current state of the game is the follow.-Guns are extremely rare and spread out ridiculously.-There's no way to respawn somewhere specific.-Ammo is even more scarce than guns and currently not craftable.-Getting a base started in this game is painstakingly absurd without a reliable way to respawn.-The map is huge and getting around without a car and fuel is ridiculous.-This game profits from icro transactions that allow players to call in air drops that have a chance of giving the buyers guns and ammo/explosives.Not exactly pay to win but I suspect the game's development is in it's current state because of their obvious scam business model.All in all this game is currently not even worth trying."
,Not Recommended,295110,20454341,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,3klikphilips,"A good game in concept, modeling is good, crafting mechanics are good but in terms of gameplay one of the worst games i've ever played. Feels laggy and cheap when shooting people and people play it for BR."
,Not Recommended,295110,14003244,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Sex Robot,"Total rubbish, wish I never paid for this early accsess rubbish sony should know better."
76561198037745533,Not Recommended,295110,25831768,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,I dont last long in bed,"I actually cant believe how bad this game is. I saw the cool King of the Kill map and wanted to see if taht was in just survive. If you are thinking of purchasing this game, DONT. Its a zombie game with barely any zombies... You run through a ""city"" and you find maybe 2. 90% of the servers are dead. Only 2 are very high population, where new players dont stand a chance against the stacked people. There is also barely any loot. Fix your game. Stop making everything either extremely easy or not easy at all. Waste of time. I can't believe after having this game for about 2 years, its still very not done, and very unfun.DONT BUY"
76561198079510013,Not Recommended,295110,16059087,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,otownbarista,"Great game. Horrible community of players.  Fresh spawn KOS trolling, repeatedly. The lack of creative gameplay, reducing such a great idea to the same overplayed style of CoD or battlefield, ruined this game for me."
76561198210671673,Not Recommended,295110,32605008,Posted: 20 June,all,WRWRanch,"This game had so much potential, and the devs just forgot about it"
,Not Recommended,295110,19591414,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Spaceballs,"My wife and I played the crap out of this game during the last year. The updates were coming in pretty steadily earlier in the year, and into the summer.. THEN, it ALL changed! It went from new items, survival bug fixes, crafting updates into BR fix this, BR fix that, ect..I'm truely sad at how this game has fallen apart, and turned into nothing more than a mediocre multi player shooter game. It had amazing potential as a zombie survival game. Now, it's just plain boring. Base building isn't horrible, but it isn't amazing either. Just before summer they threw in some pretty cool base building parts, but they were still pretty buggy. They never got fixed, like many many other survival things, and the whole focus just went to BR.If any developers are listening, know that you still have a chance to FIX this and make the game great again! But the ball is in their court... We shall see what happens. BUT at this time, I highly reccomend not spending your money here. Hurtworld is sooooo much better even in it's early stage as a pure survival game. Go there for now. I'll check back and update this as needed, just incase something happens."
76561198049640816,Not Recommended,295110,18909334,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,LightestMage,"This game has been abandoned by devs. They removed the roadmap and they have left gamebreaking glitches in since day one without even a care in the world.Some examples:- Zombies freeze and swing at the air- Basebuilding is broken. You cant connect foundations and people can walk through your doors and walls without opening them to steal your items.- there is no support for clans, so unless your group is small, you cannot get any functionality in game to help you with your group- Public survival servers are unplayable because there are tons of hackers and daybreak thinks that by banning half a dozen every day they will eliminate them. Its a joke because they only want to ban lightly, so people just buy again and keep going.- Some bases are invulnerable due to glitches- you lose ownership of your doors after two weeks, this is a glitch- each update contains the same thing just painted different colors.- They always update ways to cash in on microtransactions but dont try to fix the game. Instead of fixing any of these bugs, they just release a new crate for skins people can purchase- cars disappear or explode for no reason- there is consistent desync. That means you will see something differently than the guy standing next to youI could go on and on. Avoid this game. They abandoned the community, removed the roadmaps, gave up on survival mode, and battle royale is only entertaining for a few matches before it gets too repetitive.Until they can solve all of these problems and get rid of hackers, they should let players run their own servers. Since that isnt happening, save your money for a game with devs who are more active"
76561198169870262,Not Recommended,295110,21003457,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,killshotwvwvw,it sucks
,Not Recommended,295110,17445448,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,VukSamotnjak,- Forever in alpha- No optimisation- Bugs are never fixed 100%- Adding random stupid stuff and not fixing important bugs
76561197970489129,Not Recommended,295110,19401361,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,mr jack wearing a foil sombrero,Lots of promises from devs but they only care about the money
,Not Recommended,295110,14006877,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Nate,Doesn't work.
76561198043816892,Not Recommended,295110,14011336,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Lyones,"Servers overcrowded.No loot anywhere, not even useless crap.Pay to win.Avoid as plague."
76561198059516636,Recommended,295110,14442265,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Uncrowned King,1-start the game2-tear your T-shirt3-find some sticks4-craft a bow5-search for supplies6-meet a survivor7-fight8-live or die9-if you lived repeat from step 510-if you died repeat from step 110/10 would tear my T-shirts again
43988955987340798,Not Recommended,295110,14442520,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Mean Creek,"The Loot system is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Hackers run rampant, PvE servers arent even worth playing because zombies are a joke, No character customization other than a few shirts, finding a weapon is slim, ammo to match is like spotting a bald eagle, you have to eat 8000 calories an hour to survive, everyone Kills on sight, if not they claim they are ""friendly"" and shoot you in the back when you loot so its best to just have the KoS mentality yourself, can't trust a soul on that game unless you know them personally. Other than that i'm having fun with the game.I bought this game with full knowledge that it is awork in progressand its understandable that things will take time to be patched, but this isnt why im rating it negatively, heres why.3 weeks later after their sales peaked SOE sells out to an investment firm, which im pretty sure is FRAUD, Would I have bought into early access with knowledge that this deal was in the works? probably not.I didn't pay to support some vulture capitalist firm so they can fire half the dev team.I have little to no faith that this game has a future other than being a cashgrab being milked for all its worth or abandoned completely.I rate it Refund/10"
,Not Recommended,295110,15340154,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,[LQM] CMGARBS,"Dont buy this game not worth it. Full of hackers. I played 400 hrs worth on this game. loved it at first but now its not even worth playing. All the stuff u work for, gets taken away instantly by a hacker."
76561198079655099,Recommended,295110,14054404,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,CaseyC,"It's only been out a few days and runs better then Dayz, IMO. Very fun game to play. Discovering new crafting is like opening a christmas present. To those of you that thinks this is a pay to win just cause of the supply drops are WRONG. I've managed to snag 3 Supply drops last night that werent mine. Only 1 contained a shotgun with no ammo."
76561197967212303,Not Recommended,295110,14002498,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Angry Pepe,Can't connect.  Login servers are not working.  Overall very bad job on the release by one of the largest dev teams out there.  They could have easily forecasted server demand and increased that figure by 30 percent to avoid server load crashes.  Perhaps they should have focused more on that and less on marketing and that stupid live feed.  I'll update this review once I can play...but for now DO NOT BUY.
76561198009002534,Not Recommended,295110,14003247,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Behrwulf,"Another awesome launch from SOE.Funny how they made sure their twitch stream players were able to log in.I'll change my review if I ever get in.0.5 hrs in login screen0/10Update: 1/16/2015Now servers listed but game crashes after waiting forever in queue.Have waited 5 times for 20-30 minutes. Gets to 1 person in queue then crashes.They were not ready serverside. Running an integrity check after every crash reveals missing file which is redownloaded. Game still crashes.Amazing, twitch supporters still in game (they take care of their loyal supporters).H1Z1 forums locked....guess they dont want the hate spam...er I mean the bug reporting on their bug free alpha."
,Not Recommended,295110,14447186,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,svarokk,hackers hackers hackers everywhere..
76561198122720370,Not Recommended,295110,16978497,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,[N47] Nitron471,This is a very cool game.. A lot of fun. But please DO NOT buy it. When the game is released in its beta form it will be free. Do not waste your money like I did. The game has glitches so please rather wait. It is not worth the money you are wasting.
,Not Recommended,295110,19902409,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Aryan Lion,"At fisrt it seemed to be a very promising game, but after Daybreak bought the game from SonyOnlineEntertainment they almost stopped developing new features and started making more and more cases (that being sold on Steam Community Market, and works the same way as CS:GO cases [you need a key that costs additional cost, to open them]).At last: I wouldn't recommend buying this game unless it has a very big discount because it just not worth it's price."
,Not Recommended,295110,20803687,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Lumberzach,Terrible problem with cheaters. Survival seems like a side product compared to Battle Royale and new skins.
,Not Recommended,295110,21095866,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Menstrualsauce,"I understand developers need to make money, but going back on wour word multiple times is not the way. There is now too much of what I hate in the games industry in this that I'm done with it."
76561198015342696,Not Recommended,295110,15677133,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,kore,"Fun game, but there are more cheaters than players.  Expect to be frustrated after being killed repeatedly by cheaters with ESP and teleport mods.  Can only recommend if this problem eventually gets fixed."
,Not Recommended,295110,21442000,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,💙feels💙,"It is rare for me to write a review but I felt after a year of waiting for this game to get better and it not...it was worth my time to write a review to help let others know not to waste their money.The game started out with a lot of hope and a lot of promises that either have simply not been done or cannot be done. At this point, I don't care which. The game has too many game breaking issues that make some of the most simple aspects of the game intolerable.A game that is designed with building in mind should not have flaws that prevent you from correcting a mistake you may have made yet this game has many.Loot, skins....seem like an after thought in the game. Cheap and cheesy. And again, too many flaws. Game breaking flaws.I have 1500 hours logged in this game. I have faithfully stood by this company ""waiting"" to see what ""awesome"" changes were to come over the past year and it is painfully obvious that someone high up on the food chain in the company absolutely isn't a gamer yet has the most power. The decisions being made at this point are screaming ""We are a cash cow company and don't care if the game actually works correctly as long as we can make a lot of♥♥♥♥♥♥that people will buy, even if it doesn't improve the game.""Battle Royale, now known as King of the Kill....is a great concept and could possibly be the highlight of this game if the Development team would pull their heads out of their asses and start working on the game breaking issues instead of things like exploding zombies....which do nothing to fix the game.Heads up for you Day Break....gamers game to have fun, not to struggle and be frustrated.My money and time are valuable to me and I for one will no longer support your company with my time or money.At this point, I seriously doubt your team even has what it takes to correct the issues....even if you took the next 5 years to try."
,Not Recommended,295110,25182910,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,SupercarFan,"Although I played the game a lot in the past, I still wouldnt recommend it.. I feel like this game is going nowhere, after almost 2 years the melee is still broken, the zombies are nowhere to be found and the loot is terrible. I want to love the game, but I just can't. Maybe in the future I'll rewrite this review, but the devs need to work on the game big time to make that happen."
76561198034474369,Not Recommended,295110,21283496,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,WTH Karasu,"H1Z1 becomes more of a cash grab than it was before. If you didn't buy it before we got super greedy, buy it now for 40 dollars instead of 20. The ♥♥♥♥ out of here."
,Not Recommended,295110,21900528,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,DaVitsche,"When I first discovered H1Z1 I felt as if I hit the jackpot. The Lone Wolf roaming a post zombie apocalyps society, Sure I was surprised at first that it was online multiplayer only. I totally missed that, but that's my fault, how bad can it be. Heck, I even got my gf an account so she could play by my side since she's really into the zombie genre.I started on a PvP server, but given that everyone kills you on sight, it's really tough to be a complete newbie at the game. The game seems to be suffering from an insane amount of cheaters as well, so that kinda ruins it.So I switched to a PvE server. I ran around, killed some wolves (there are way too many wolves around). If I met the rare zombie in this zombie survival game, I kinda liked it, it was doable, you could outrun them if needed, but for the sake of eexperience me (and my gf) always tried to clear areas before we searched for loot.With recent patches the zombies became faster, and do a lot more damage. This kind of made this game feel more like a 3rd person/Ast person shooter instead of the survival game it was when I bought it. Some zombies have gotten some (non-original) tweaks/mutations, like screaming to immobilize you, a toxic gas cloud when you shoot them, they explode etc. Pretty much the same old from a lot of zombie shooters.But the absolute low of the game comes from what they call ""griefing"". By building bases on specific points on the map the other players can deny you access to certain points on the map. Which is really insane, because you kind of want to play the game right. And when asked on reddit, the most common reaction is ""It's a sandbox game, so everything is allowed"". This totally killed my game experience. I've played it for 170 hours at the moment of writing this, and there are parts of the map that I have only seen once at most, just because other players deny you access.To make things worse, in PvE there is nothing you can do against ""hoarding"" all the vehicles. So basicly players lock up all the cars in the game, and since in player vs enemy your structures are kept safe from harm, no other player can actually do something about it. So all in all, 170 hours in and I still don't have a car, on a server where in all the hours played, I ran into max. 10 different players over the course of it all.Unfortunatly I payed for the game, so the joke's on me. Don't make the same mistake I did. Move along. I'm pretty sure there are better games in this genre."
76561197992773810,Recommended,295110,14065693,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Weelie,Kill 2 bandits who tried to kill meGet huge backpackRaid bases and such and get gearedGet car partsGot enough food and water for weeksTrying to find a hidden chestFinds a carDrives car on the roadCar flips outExplodesDiesbest 4 hours spent ever
,Not Recommended,295110,31380066,Posted: 26 April,all,PotatoAim,Pure disappointment.
76561198106697121,Not Recommended,295110,18438424,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Turbomatic,Garbage
,Not Recommended,295110,21276228,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,antigravities,"This might be a good game, if the developers didn't completely abandon their original model, sell it to a different company,  add an annoying amount of microtransactions, and then split it into two games that cost as much as the original.Each.Each."
,Not Recommended,295110,18898156,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,yardglass,Not a survival game.Daybreak is full of cute lies.
,Not Recommended,295110,19417341,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,alex2eid,"This game has potential but the devs are too busy getting rich by selling skins and other stuff instead of actually fixing the game. The game is full of bugs, hackers , cheaters and teamers who team up in a solo competitive environment ruining the fun. Their latest ""masterpiece"" is a game mode called Green Dawn wich is a solo Battle Royale mode, but everytime you end up dying from people teaming up in order to win the skin prizes making it very hard to win.The only reason the game is ""early access"" is that they have an excuse for not fixing the bugs. I don't think this game will  get out of early access anytime soon , since they are already selling it and grabbing money from skins.P.S Survival mode is garbage"
,Not Recommended,295110,26223305,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,ROFLCOPTER DLUX,"wellllll. doesnt look good with the new badwater update. i ran around for a little bit but i had a hard time finding anything that kept you alive. after three deaths i found one thing of food. not that food is an issue just within the very very small map i found little to none save for one bean can. you would think their would be more. i was hoping with the koth that they would change what pve is a little more. back in its prime nether was on a good path but fizzeled out and it seems that they picked up on that with the selling options but theres still just not much going on but running. id say with dayz, h1z1 and the rest of them going in a pvp only focused direction that the pve genre is dead. we""ll have to give it to ark for making this type of game a main coop focused expirence. no devs are listening but if they are id like to tell them that your missing out on what would be a small but constant type of player when you focus on just pvp. i want to surivie a zombie apopcolypse with friends in a non shoot on sight coop exprience where i can feel like im a good guy and not being handed a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ pve version bcause i chose that play type over a majority of sales. im talking l4d zombies meets dayzs survival meets fallout 4s base building meets working together. this is an untapped market and one day someone will tap it. ask if it will be you."
,Not Recommended,295110,18812805,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Fuggledorf,"When is it gonna come off early access why is it this long?no reason.Why is this review negative?Absolutely no reason.Why is this game so bad?No reason at all.JK LOL!This game used to be good, now it's all bad. All ♥♥♥♥ing bad. Been in early access for ages, Devs promised that it's going to be free, but it's not free.Almost a year passed and it's still in early access..I used to be a fan of this game, but not anymore. I'm honestly done with this game.AND they decided to split it into 2 games to make more $$$.GG no RE.It's like a dayZ 2.0."
76561198112488511,Recommended,295110,14077273,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,PotLord,we need a way to eat more than one black berry at a time
,Not Recommended,295110,19232596,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Silver Shroud,This game is not worth your time and money.Run around... collect things.. craft some stuff.Then die to hackers and lose everything.Where's the fun?
,Not Recommended,295110,14980742,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Lev,"Until the rampant cheating, bugs, and crashes are fixed avoid this ♥♥♥♥ing game. Not only are DGC still not delivering on promises made, they are openly trying to exploit as much money from people who paid for the alpha test. Although they have went back on their announcement, they had the audacity to charge $6.99 a month for Battle Royale, while it was still in alpha, and with the current state of the game as I mentioned above.I repeat, do not buy this game, as it would be much wiser to wait until it is free 2 play. This way you will see just how little these developers care about their fans once they start their money sucking schemes."
,Not Recommended,295110,14007015,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Savage,DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY. PLEASE DONT DO IT.
76561198154044363,Not Recommended,295110,14876614,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,MarcusLayne,"It was fun for a little while until that initial new-game feel wears off. All servers are filled with hackers. Everyone kills you in PVP no questions asked, that gets old real fast. Don't bother looking for anything in PVP, you won't ever get hungry or thursty enough to drink or eat. No need to craft in PVP either. PVE is a ghost town. They need to add something to do in PVE. Guns  are pointless, you never use them because you don't want to draw attention, then you realize there is nothing to draw attention too if you are in PVE. Bows are pointless too, use a lot of space. Using a knife works the best, its light and bandages can be made very easily. Make a bunch of bandages. There might be zombies in the game, you see them once in a while. I never saw a point to building bases. No point in having a base to store your items when hackers can get in and you can find everything by scavanging fairly quickly so I scavange all the time. There is no point to the game, just scavange, there is not a lot to do to be honest.  It won't take very long to fill your inventory with water and food to last days and you just kind of stand there like, ""now what?"" Nothing, thats it. At the end of the day, it is a boring game. Battle Royal is the only thing going for it, other than that, such a waste of money. Wait until it is free. Play for 60 hours get board, move on."
,Recommended,295110,16717136,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Krizzu,See a deer? Meh.See a wolf? Meh.See a zombie? Meh.See a player? Meh.See a bunch of zombies? Meh.See a group of full geared players? Meh.See a bear?RUN FOR YOUR F***ING LIFE.11/10
76561198195837863,Not Recommended,295110,23967434,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,[C2G]broyzilla,Dev team seems to have given up on this game.
76561197992398908,Not Recommended,295110,14003161,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Doogie_78,Trump won and I blame this game
,Not Recommended,295110,29923263,Posted: 14 February,all,afattiegamer,The Devs could give 2 ♥♥♥♥♥ less for Survive they have not done anything major to it since they bought it from sony Entertainment. They only work on KOTK because of Twitch I feel ♥♥♥♥ these Devs dont give them the money for this game and I suggest Emailing them to eat a♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,295110,15981950,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Deagle,"Far too many hackers to play the regular game. You will work for days to gather and build, but all that work can and will be destroyed in a matter of seconds to a hacker. Most of the time they can fly, teleport, walk through walls, ESP, Aimbot, and have super speed. There is nothing you can do but take it in the butt until they tire of trolling u which will never happen. Most of them are Asian too which would be a simple fix to region lock servers, or even set ping limits. But we are forced to get pounded in the rear by people on the other side of the world, who only inspire more people to cheat because the game is at a point where its required. I will keep my fingers crossed for more effective anti cheat, but for play ability  in its current state 1/10. Game content and frequent updates 9/10. Solve the hacker issue and you will actually have a game people can play.Update 5/29/2016Many of the past issues regarding your base being raided have been solved. You now need to blow through gates and doors before accessing someones loot chests. This is a plus.However there are still plenty of hackers out there probably more than you think. Most will simply use ESP aka wall hacks to see where people are. This is much harder to be detected by anticheat and is unlikely to ever stop being a problem. You will also see an occasional troll hacker fly by or doin stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥though.Worst of all after making their game two different versions and charing $20 each for them, They still microtransaction the♥♥♥♥♥♥outta you. You cant even trade or sell the skins on the market anymore either. Only way to get the newer skins is to pay $2.50!! a crate. At least CSGO allows you to sell or buy them like wtf. Just really milkin it huh guys.Oh and there is still only 4 primary weapons in the game which makes looting pretty boring picking up the same♥♥♥♥♥♥constantly. Most of which is useless stuff which must be broken down or thrown away.Zombies are still broken as hell, most of them get stuck and dont move. I dont understand how there are all these zombie survival games and not one has decent zombies. We need some l4d style zombies or somthing cause this♥♥♥♥♥♥is pathetic.Update 7/24/2016Well here we are again lets take a look. Floating bases that cant be raided still in the game and constantly exploited. Removed 90% of loot from the game so almost every building is completely empty minus one or 2 pieces of junk. Removed ability to make ammo for your guns so enjoy running around with 3 bullets when it takes like 6 to kill someone with armor. Ammo spawns virtually non existant. But they made it so you can choose where you spawn after death which is kinda nice, until u fight a clan of people who die and respawn get thier stuff back and keep coming with infinite lives assaulting your base. So somehow daybreak has managed to take 1 step forward and 5 steps back. The loot tables are basically reset to how it was at launch so happy bow fighting everyone."
,Recommended,295110,17544046,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Contesting,Has more bugs than a homeless shelter. 10/10
76561198008780299,Not Recommended,295110,20077618,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,6sick6™,Pure scam and pure bull$Hi7!As a fellow gamer I must warn you to...not buy this piece of alpha junk.
,Not Recommended,295110,15665560,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,chickenator84,"I don't understand the draw to this game.  It is 100% Kill-On-Sight.  There are no community events, there are no player interactions (other than shoot or be shot) and the zombies are a joke.  They are lumbering and are absolutely no threat to anybody.  This leads to absolutely no cooperation to take down a target other than another person and people are too busy killing fresh spawns to actually do anything enjoyable.Also, the PvP gamemode ""Battle Royal"" is a joke.  It's a poor man's Call of Duty with terrible gunplay and a very, very slow playstyle where you will place top 10 just by sitting in a bush and waiting.  That's it.  You never have to fire a single bullet.  I got first place in my third match and I didn't fire a single bullet until I killed the guy in second place.  That is not a joke.I do not recommend this game to anybody.  I forced myself to get about 30 hours of gameplay just to make my $20 purchase easier to swallow.  Play it when it is completely free and then you can uninstall it in 5 hours when you realize your time is better spent playing anything else."
76561197986541464,Not Recommended,295110,14008966,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Nobody,"Cancer is more fun, also comes for free, and doesn't cost you 20$ to get it early!"
76561198031611359,Not Recommended,295110,30978843,Posted: 6 April,all,Aldaar,"Sorry to say not a great game, it has potential but falls flat for new and first time players.I say this because I was playing with 3 others friends on a low population server and we managed to build a base out of the way. When discovered it took all of 1 hour for the attacks to completely break into the base and sack it.Now I know this is part of the game, but seriously how are ""new"" players supposed to survive against veteran players who have been on the server for a while.Here is my suggestion, that a player can craft a secure storage box with a limited capacity (say 5,000) and a limited number (say 2) per base, which cannot be looted by invaders. That way new players who's bases are raided can at least have the opportunity to recover and also store some items."
,Not Recommended,295110,24440460,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Wise Doc,daybreak doesnt work
,Not Recommended,295110,26236073,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Heroic Soul,This game is full of s*** wait b4 you buy this game think of a better place to throw your mony trust me guys DO NOT BUY THIS S***
,Not Recommended,295110,18907706,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,CLUTCH,So many promises and almost 11 months  of  its alpha bro  .....broken promises  1000 square  mile map reduced  to  one 64 sqaure mile box with  no expansions even  games  from 2009 show more shine and playability  than  DAY BREAKS HAM FISTED HACK RIDDLED MESS...I still play in  hope  they  might   come tru  on even a portion  of  the  things they  promised  but  even  the dynamic weather system  is  just  fog  and  its  broken  so  that  we dont see  the FPS issues and preformance drop
,Not Recommended,295110,23377601,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Shekelburg Goldstein,░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░▄H1Z1▄░░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
,Not Recommended,295110,18895583,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Amy Rose,"I stuck it out in this game from the beginning. I had hope that one day it would become the amazing zombie survival game we've all been looking for. So many months.. so many empty promises. I finally give up. This has become a cash grab for daybreak games. All they care about are streamers who play battle royale and their rehashed clothing in the crates you have to pay to open. On top of that, you can no longer sell your unwanted skins on the marketplace because they want to be the only ones making money.  Bugs pop up, they fix it for two weeks, then they fix something else and the old bugs come back. Building is still stale and boring. Hackers are all over the place and nothing keeps them from returning with new accounts over and over again. Survival gets new ""locations"" once every few months maybe, which end up being huge buildings with barely anything to do in them. It's obvious that they no longer care about the survival aspect and I think it's time to say goodbye."
76561198087653853,Not Recommended,295110,14009065,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,zenki,"Pay to win?? Thanks liars, nice start !"
,Not Recommended,295110,20433300,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,iHideSaKa,"Too much hackers in-game.and supposedly they don't know the concept of ""alpha"" as its on alpha for about one whole ***** year"
76561197997960569,Not Recommended,295110,19811484,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Witek,"This game is completely unplayable at the moment. I constanly get lags in the most significant moments. On the lowest settings I have only 30-60 FPS  (CPU: i7 4770, GPU: HD 7850, 16 GB RAM). By the way, I can play other games on high settings at 60 FPS (eg. BF3, GTA V). The game looks like it was done 10 years ago, but it requires a supercomputer to run smoothly. It's not worth even 5 Euro in my opinion."
76561198080786639,Not Recommended,295110,15015521,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Kungpow,"Here it is. Survival is a nothing but boring deathmatch. There are hardly any items. The devs put all their focus on battleroyale but it is still a buggy mess. The reward system in battleroyale is completely glitched, non rewarding, and just downright depressing. Not to mention they plan on making battleroyale pay to play when it is the only thing even slightly worth playing at the moment.  Basically I highlighy advise you not to put money into this game yet. Maybe they will get it together later on, but for now do not buy it. You will be dissapointed."
,Not Recommended,295110,18952652,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Bumsbruder,"I bought this game one day.... played it a few hours... was quite funny tho. similar to DayZ.Now... after a few months something special happened :D.I need to reset my password.... i tried... i get the message "" It looks like you are having problems with Username / Password, you will need to contact customer support for assistance or try again later.""... well okay... i would love to... So i checked the contact Page. You cant even write a ticket without being logged in.nice."
,Not Recommended,295110,21281575,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,セクシャル Energy,Remember when H1Z1 wasn't seperated into two games and had Battle Royale? Pepperidge Farm remembers.
,Not Recommended,295110,14738169,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Incognito,"After 3 days of gameplay, I would never recommend this game to anyone. Hackers are everywhere and ruined the game.At current time, hackers can see how far away you are, what weapon you have, and teleport right to you in seconds and more. There is also no point in building a base since hackers get by all the safeguards in the game such as locked doors. All they do is set in their cheat program (tmcheats) a smaller teleport jump instead of jumping across the map. If they jump across the map they get flagged (hopefully or atleast should!) but if they only jump 2 feet (to get around your locked door) then they get nothing and can literally play for hundreds of hours with no repercussins. No joke. This game is inherently flawed by design. You have been warned.Edit: Most of the game dynamics are client side so they will never be caught or erradicated. Hope you like playing a game that will have cheaters for life."
76561198111255555,Not Recommended,295110,25794611,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,I like coke,"dear developers....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\.."
,Not Recommended,295110,18791593,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,HApCI-,freeze me more
,Not Recommended,295110,18911641,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Schiavo50,This game is fun... especially if you play with people you know. The thing is that there is hardly any improvement month-over-month and the community is toxic. Playing a game should not introduce so much drama into your life. Day Break Gamse also is very rude towards their customers and it's really upsetting. I'd suggest reading the h1z1 subreddit for details. I am moving to a new game - don't need this stuff.
76561198025515905,Not Recommended,295110,19822592,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Xell,Idk what to say about H1Z1 It started bad... Got better then really bad and now it is just in a indifferent place. If you're looking for a survival game then look elsewhere this game is pretty much all about battle royale.Lots of cheaters make this game a headache and all around pain but somedays you get lucky and get to have a few nice matches even if it's only brief you can sometimes have a ok time.
,Not Recommended,295110,22298083,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,xOskia,"This game is not worth its price. Daybreak is just 'farming' the money and they're literally making shi t out of this game because their 'updates' often destroy the game even more or they just don't add anything. Although, this game would be playable but the amount of people with cheats is disguisting and if they don't do anything with the cheaters this game will be as shi t as it is currently."
76561198188049417,Not Recommended,295110,24789540,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,O,"All hope is lost. I uninstalled. Waited for game to get better and it got worse.They did however improve some things ,but overall more things took a downfall rather than geting better. Many would agree. I should just remove this from my library completely. If they would just fix the game and listen to what the people are saying things would be great. Many people including me thought the game would get better but it did not. The hackers, mobs, and bugs are what you are up against. Zombies are no challenge at all. The title speaks for itself. Just Survive.  Hats off for the success of King of the Kill... Maybe people should stop sucking into all the early access and pre order hype. This is what it can bring.Some may blame Sony, EA and other big companies, but we are the ones who dig into our wallets. Food for thought.By the way, my hours played are not that high, but I bought this game the second month is came out so I've seen what has been going on. I had high hopes for this game as well as many others. It's okay though. I'll be EXTREMELY judgemental next time I buy another early access game."
,Not Recommended,295110,23355496,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Easy,"Wishing I never got this game.Good gameplay, easy to run, and if you have a crew it's tons of fun.Too bad the game doesn't let you play and has too many errors."
76561198058324549,Not Recommended,295110,20023007,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Death Sarv,"The game started off promising when I bought it when it first released on 01/15/15...however, the game development has taken a massive♥♥♥♥♥♥since then.  The devs are no longer investing time into what I thought would be the main survival game mode (I know, silly of me to think that!) and are instead only working on the Battle Royale crap.  Don't give this developer anymore money and hopefully they will crash and burn in 2016.  Here's hoping..."
,Not Recommended,295110,21067598,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,rikk,its funny because the devs realize the battle royale mode is the only enjoyable part of this sorry excuse for a early access game so they cut the game in two so they can get more money on people who havent purchased this yet♥♥♥♥ing pathetic
,Not Recommended,295110,19412855,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Derkux,>Start the game.>LaunchPad Error>Search for hours for a fix>No Fix>Refund10/10 would refund this game again.
,Recommended,295110,17316284,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,GUPYRGNA,Greatest game ever.
,Not Recommended,295110,21422052,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,rabeez,You know those charitys where you donate $20 to someone in Africa with aids? this games abit like that but you still have to pay the $20 and and it gives you aids in return
,Not Recommended,295110,18907519,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Jono,Started off with real potential but unfortunately is now being ruined by Daybreak. Was fun while it lasted.
,Not Recommended,295110,14003162,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,PAPADRAGONS,wont work...
,Not Recommended,295110,14005717,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,POSTMAN,its broken dont even work.
76561198210447536,Not Recommended,295110,17198981,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,SaltySurprise,Done with H1 until exploits and hackers are taken care of. Everytime my friends build a base we have ammo stolen and are griefed. Recently had people get into base when Gate was still up and had upperlevel walls all around they jumed over a truck that was on the ramp and stole eveything. Fun game but too many hacks and exploits. 0/10 would not get screwed again
,Not Recommended,295110,17374264,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,-SM-Jericho^,"I've tried investing my time in it, and it's just not what they tried to sell it as when they announced it. I thought buying into the game early would give the dev's some support while also granting me some special perks and gifts early on to test what later ""F2P"" users were going to buy in mass anyways. But no. We don't get that luxury. The only thing fun was Battle Royale while it's free. I don't see myself playing this anymore, and if Steam Refund had been available when I originally bought this? You bet your sweet zombie♥♥♥♥♥cheeks I would have got my 20 dollars back."
,Not Recommended,295110,18909871,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,NethKhadar,"A crapsack game with no development on the survival, cashgrab just like everything from daybreak."
,Not Recommended,295110,25870914,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Diogenes,"The two hours that I have on record, were from when the game was first launched on Steam.  I bought a copy the same day that it was released.  I requested my money back on this game, once Steam allowed refunds.  Back then, it was just H1Z1, rather than being sold in the format which it is available in today.  I did it for a number of reasons but these are the main ones;First; The Dev's said that this ""game"" would be free to play once it was finished, and that they expected the game to be finished around 12 months after the initial release on Steam.  Now, a couple of years down the line, and it is still EA.  One of the worst things about that to me, is the fact that H1Z1 originally used a currently available engine.  It is not as though the Dev Team had to build an egine from scratch.  So the question becomes therefore, why is H1Z1 still in EA after this ammount of time, when it uses a currently existing engine?Second; Going back to the original point, with the Devs saying that it would be free to play, now, all of a sudden, those plans were abandonned, and it was decided that the game would not be free to play.  Even though that might be common knowledge due to Sony selling off SoE, I still feel it worth mentioning, especially since I feel like we have all just been flat out lied to by the development team.Third; The Devs originally said that guns, food and ammo would not be sold in the in game Micro Transaction Store.  All of a sudden, once they went live, people were able to buy Pistols, Assault Rfles and Ammo, in the form of the Air Drops, and even though it has changed slightly since the Air Drops were first introduced, there is still a chance to buy those weapons with Real World Money, making the game P2W, which becomes even worse, once you realize that other people can also use that Airdrop, which means that you might never even have a chance to use the items that you paid for before someone else comes along and loots the Air Drop.Fourth;  Originally, this game was being developed by Sony Online Entertainment, who were sold off at a later date, and became Daybreak Studios.  Sony are currently valued at $17.7 Billion net value.  When Sony began development of H1Z1, their value was not far off what it is now.  This is an EA Alpha game, using EA funding, that was being made by a branch of one of the largest corporations in the world at the time that development began, who are currently woth $17.7 Billion in net value...  What is that if not an abuse of the Early Access system?Fifth; Back when I played, before the game became the Intellectual Property of Daybreak Game Studios, the game was at a minimal level of development.  Almost nothing worked, and there was very little in the way of an actual, tangible A.I, or Loot.  That is to be expected during this phase of development, but what really bothered me was that the ONLY thing that functioned 100% perfectly, was the in game Micro Transaction Store...  The Dev's could not get the A.I to work on a currently existing engine, the Devs could not get the loot system to work properly on a currently existing engine, but the devs made absolutely ♥♥♥♥ing certain that the Micro Transaction Store worked...Talk about a ♥♥♥♥ing P2W Cash Grab Scam...  That is what this game represents, and that is where Sony, and Daybreak, ♥♥♥♥ed it all up.  Avoid this ""game"" like you would avoid a Zombie Outbreak."
,Not Recommended,295110,19488697,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,jmoon,H1Z1 should rename itself to Battle Royale
,Not Recommended,295110,14992530,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Bears,"This game isn't in alpha, its in super omega alpha. There's not a lot of loot, not everying works, and theres a buncha chinamen triads and hackers taking over everything.Honesty the game is okay if you can shell out the cash; do whatever the hell you want.Or just save the money and buy 20 cheeseburgers or something."
,Not Recommended,295110,30531303,Posted: 15 March,all,A-CRUMB,"This game is in early access, so the first thing you expect the developers to do is to fix the enormous amount of bugs, right? That is not the case for this game. When I first joined a game I had no sound, which lasted for about 30 minutes. While running around exploring the map I picked up items, but the items I picked up weren't the items I got. I would pick up a baseball cap and get a beanie. I also ended up dying because an invisble zombie killed me. The combat was probably the worst part. First, I couldn't find any bullets for the guns I had, only 9mm bullets, so I couldn't tryout my guns. Secondly, when using melee weapons like the machete or crowbar, I had trouble hitting the zombies even while standing still. I would have thought that this game would be almost out of early access and almost flawless since the game's release in January 15, 2015, but it has a very long way to go it seems. I suggest the Daybreak should immediatley stop milking the game with micro-transactions and actually fix it! Atleast the steam refund button isn't buggy."
76561197966679128,Not Recommended,295110,20138979,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Speirs101st,"This is a new and updated review as of 8/22/17.Guess what folks it's been years since H1Z1 went into early access and it's been years since we finally got a major update. Well it happened, it happened in such a grand fashion that they dropped the H1Z1 part of the name just so they could hide from new players that this game IS A GIANT PILE OF WHALE♥♥♥♥♥♥just like it's predecessor! That's right ladies and gentleman, it's still a ♥♥♥♥-wad, hacker♥♥♥♥♥♥ troll♥♥♥♥♥infested game with a new map. That's about it. Oh wait, let's not forget one of the biggest changes to H1Z1 ""Just Hack"" it's the new stronghold system! WHOOOOAAA BABY! As if the old ""build a base"" system wasn't ♥♥♥♥ed up enough they decided to really give us the shaft this time. So for now they only have a small portion of the map for us to play and well here's the good part, there are a limited amount of locations where you can build your stronghold AKA ""your base"". You first have to sell some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t to a dude in the safe zone so that you can acquire some really worthless gold coins that are only used to buy specific locations where you can build. (Actually I lied you can buy like 5 other things all basic tools that are ♥♥♥♥ing worthless because there are plenty that exist from spawning in the world.) Yeah, so if all those locations are taken HAVE ♥♥♥♥ING FUN WIPING YOUR♥♥♥♥♥FROM A CARDBOARD BOX! Because unless the player who bought that location doesn't log on for a week or two, those plots will never become available to purchase. But let's not leave it at that, let's continue on this H1Z1 journey to ♥♥♥♥ing nowhere! Since there are a limited amount of locations to build, now anyone and everyone can easily cruise by each location to see if a new neighbor has moved in. So much for creativity or trying to hide instead of showing off your giant base because you are in a clan of 500 ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ trolls who have nothing better to do then grief players. What nice tasty♥♥♥♥♥♥sandwich for everyone to enjoy! BUT seriously, I can't forget this one last juicy tidbit of information... your stronghold's might as well be made of balsa wood. A few shots from a shotgun or a few hits with an axe and boom there goes your wall or door, all your hard work down the drain! And yes, it is hard work now because it takes x4 the materials to build yourself a base. Each wall you build, is around 1/4 the size of what the walls used to be and that includes the roof and all that special garbage you want in your dream home. But when a strong wind or a fart can blow over your base down, what's the point? Well I'll tell ya, the point is now they've added a certain amount of time a player/group has to raid a base. After the time has expired deadly gas is released in and around the base killing any remaining raiders. Wow, sounds neat. Yeah real neat, until you realize they have more than enough time to completely raid your base because your walls can't even take a fly landing on it.  Whooopeeee! Aren't all of you excited to play this game? Well I'll save you the trouble, go outside find a metal rake lay it on the ground with the prongs facing the sky and then jump or walk on those prongs. You'll receive a nice jolt to the ♥♥♥♥ing face that will hopefully keep you away from playing this garbage♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ridden-cheating♥♥♥♥♥ of a game. Thumbs ♥♥♥♥ING DOWN!"
,Not Recommended,295110,27202016,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Handsome Jax,"Okay so this could either be a very long or very shot review.  After playing for over a thousand hours and pretty much ♥♥♥♥ing up coursework due to being addicted to this game I feel like It's time to have my say on the current state of H1Z1.  No doubt one of the best and worst games I have ever played in my life.Disclaimer:  I'm going to use a one take method on this as I really don't feel like doing an essay in the review section.Topic 1)  I bought h1z1 on release because I had got PC around a month before and I had been following h1z1 from the day the first screenshot was released for it.  I watched the gameplay and thought ♥♥♥♥ yeah this game looks cool.  I assume it was something like a year or just over a year later they launched the early access on steam.I played around 50 hours and I was like meh.  Not really my thing.  So I then put the game down for eleven months.  My best friend came round who doesn't own a PC and he was like oh can I play battle royale?  (now known more commonly as king of the kill)  So I was like sure.  We dicked around on there a little and I must say it was quite fun.  Felt quite balanced at the time.  So I then got into survival on new years eve while waiting to go out.  I played for quite a few hours and enjoyed what I played.  Built a shack and felt like I had achieved something.Moving on so this doesn't drag too much.Topic 2)  Joined a clan from reddit and had fun.  Played on a ton of US server.  Became quite a dominating force on a lot of servers.  Then it happened didn't it?  I had found the first set of hackers, and certainly not the last.  I was being shot through shelters and people were no clipping inside my base.  We eventually offline raided them as there's no way to combat instant headshot with an aimbot.  I assumed things would go back to normal.  I was wrong.  I got griefed pretty hard by a hacker and he was eventually banned.  So thanks daybreak, that's atleast something you did right.Months passed, game split happened. If you don't know what I'm refering to and you're completly new to the h1 scene KOTK and just survive used to be the same game and KOTK was just simply a game mode inside just survive.  Back then it was simply called H1Z1.Anyhow with the months gone by KOTK was recieving tons of updates and uh just survive was recieving tons of bugs.They added a few new features like the new zombie types (i was totally against that just saying, it's not ♥♥♥♥ing left for dead)So as the people that have little to no skill in game do.  They exploited the bugs.  People could drive through your base gates, duplicate explosives and ammo.  So it really didn't matter how much you grinded a cheater would destroy it.  People begun lag switching through walls and over gates.  I've even witnessed people carrying 1000 shotgun ammo by doing a backpack and duplication glitch.  So yeah this was pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t it's pretty much on every single server.  Oh there was also an infinite crowbar glitch so infinite scrap metal with an auto clicker, gg... Not sure if this one is still a thing as I haven't played in a while.  ++ It's very rare to see daybreak ban people for doing this♥♥♥♥♥♥ i had it happen to me way to many times and I never had any sort of justice on the servers I played.Topic 2/3)  The no building in city servers were usually full of hackers and cheaters.  So the community suggested making more POI serers (no building in cities.  POI= point of interest, example being pleasant valley)  I was totally down for this as I had played a whitelisted POI server in the past and thought it was cool.  However I much prefered building in cities.  I was a little bummed out about that.  I just felt like they should have done blocked building in areas you block off/glitch on to.  Doesn't seem too much to ask.  Instead they made every ♥♥♥♥ing server POI and split the community even more than they already had with the game split.  Good job daybreak.Topic 4)  They removed bullet crafting.  I was totally for this, however bullets on some servers became completely abundant from the scene making the game a bit cluster ♥♥♥♥ of how it was on release.  Thousands of trolls running around with makeshift bows and machettes.  I'd be down for some melee combat if the melee hit register system worked... I would have liked to be how it was on release where you could find good ammo in realistic places, example, police departments.   Then for some reason crowbars completely ♥♥♥♥ing disappeared on this wipe and you couldn't really find them anywhere.So I shall conclude this with due to the game being full of bugs and having an extremely unfair community of people that abuse and exploit these bugs, I do not recommend you buy this game until it has a drastic change of pace on the developments behalf.Also throwing another bug out here because I'm not going back and editing this, you could raid anything with wooden arrows for like 2 weeks.  Yes this was on the test server, and yes they released it anyways.   So people would literally lagswitch through you base and raid you with a ♥♥♥♥ing makeshift bow.Way TLDR version.  I loved this game at first.  Then the devs ♥♥♥♥ed up, never fixed anything.  Too much bugs and exploits, lots of cheaters.  Bad decisions ect.P.S if you did read it all give me some feedback in the comments because I don't mind discussing this with you.P.P.S I wish they'd make this game great again."
76561198098153247,Not Recommended,295110,21287185,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,kozzig,DAYBREAK I WILL GUT EVERYONE OF YOU YOU STUPID ♥♥♥♥S THIS GAME IS♥♥♥♥♥NOW THANKS FOR RUINING THE GAME I'M GOING TO GO CUT NOW HOPE YOUR HAPPY HONESTLY WHO TF WOULD SPLIT A GAME IN HALF NOW THE COMMUNITY IS GOING TO BE EVEN MORE ♥♥♥♥ED AND SO IS YOUR GAME YOU WANTED MORE MONEY WELL NOW YOUR GANNA GO OUT OF BUISNESSS ♥♥♥♥♥ LICK MY ♥♥♥♥ING TAINT YOU♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,295110,23547223,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Cooky,"If I was someone who had not bought this game yet i would wait to do so. At its current state there are WAY to many hackers, and the recent ddos attacks havent helped either. It seems as if they are doing more to ruin the game than fix the cheaters/ issues the game already has. and while i still find myself playing this game, i do not recommend."
,Not Recommended,295110,21613620,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,glugplug,no
76561198032617106,Not Recommended,295110,26238333,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Guto,"Unless you will play together to some friends, don´t buy it. There is no Items in the places and you NEED to go where all players are.. Of course, they will kill you, just to see watch you bleed.As good as Day Z."
,Not Recommended,295110,14012391,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,snaip3ris,WarZ v2.0P2W piece of shieeet :)
76561198055088597,Not Recommended,295110,18914706,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,PentatonicMike,"survival was abandoned for battle royal, which ill never try because I wanted to play a survival game"
,Not Recommended,295110,18895115,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Vysken,"False promises, cash-cow microtransactions, no longer the game I wanted to support.Check out Reddit, there's plenty of threads that explain the current state of the game right now and why you shouldn't buy it."
,Not Recommended,295110,14350637,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Lukki,"This game can be a lot of fun to play,but is similar to dayz and rust in one important aspect....CHEATERS!Me and my friend were in romeros supermarket and both of u died by being 1 shot with a bow within 1 second of each other.We were both wearing helmets so a arrow shouldn`t kill us in one hit anyway.after waiting 10 mins for the guy to loot us before we respawned so we could get his name,he didnt.I saw nobody so wasnt even sure he was in the same room or area as we were.It takes no skill to cheat,but ruins the game for players who play fair and spend hours getting their items and progressing in the game as it should be played.I dont recommend this game unless you like losing your items to cheaters who use teleport,headshot and invisibility hacks.Until the devs of games like this take this problem seriously and do something to stop them (as they claim to) it isnt worth your time"
76561198061037723,Not Recommended,295110,22619959,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Cannis_Majoris,"This game had potentiel. The dev team is atrociously slow to develop any meaningful updates and add fun content. The world is barren, the zombies are stupid, the players are bored and it's been nearly a year like that without the slightest exciting improvement. Now they splitted the game in half only making it worse!Really not worth it as of now"
,Not Recommended,295110,14009310,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Sergeymon,"This game is nothing like what I've expected it to be. I was so excited for this title, but honestly it's complete and utter garbage. It borrows basically everything from the The War Z. If you want to play this game just go and buy Infestation: Survivor Stories, it plays the same, it feels the same, it has less bugs and it's $5 cheaper."
,Not Recommended,295110,19276634,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Vor,"this game is fun if you play pve but it gets boring after awhile. If you try playing in pvp worlds hackers with find you and kill you and take everything.  I love the game, just hate dieing every 5 min"
76561197973517313,Not Recommended,295110,14008221,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Farewell Dark Knight,"Bad in almost every aspect....super clunky gameplay, terrible graphics/weather effects, everquest had better graphics than this 16 years ago.  And NO the current gameplay does not makeup for the terrible graphics/animations/everything.   Do not buy.  Wait a few months maybe longer"
,Not Recommended,295110,14008911,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Joep,"Do not buy this game!I spent my time looting around the map in loads of buildings, encountering loads of friendly people, I died of dehydration and starvation every single time. This game is pay to win (care packages). Care packages drop ammo, medicine, backpacks, weapons (assault rifles and pistols) and loads of other non-cosmetic items.Devs lying to their community. I highly do not recommend buying.Refund please."
,Not Recommended,295110,15026594,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Jelloteaa,Its a ok game for the first few tries but the whole BR has taken over all the potential this game could have. I don't think I'll be playing this one much longer til some major changes are made.
76561198148317903,Not Recommended,295110,14007108,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,too bad i'm bad,dont get it u cant login to the game haha waste of $20
,Not Recommended,295110,17452172,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Cashmere Keith,"The game is pretty fun; the Dev's and support is♥♥♥♥♥♥ They don't help you, they just give a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t copy and paste answer for everything. If you get a G29 or G32 it is pretty much your fault, in the eyes of the Dev's."
,Recommended,295110,15880592,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,⚡ Jmbomb,"Alright guys, i'll be straight with you, i've been in your boots. Do you want to purchase this game?1. There's hackers. Every game has them when they start out. Play on a low-medium pop server and you will be fine (don't buy it for battle royale though....that ♥♥♥♥♥ bad) It will obviously be fixed eventually and people are constantly being banned. There aren't even THAT MUCH HACKERS. It's one of those games where people get outplayed and call them a hacker. Honestly, if a game like LoL even was 1% hackers we would be led to believe that 50% of the community are hackers. Face it, people are better than you. Quit your crying.2. It's alpha, but it's amazing. If the searching/building/surviving aspect of this game excites you, buy this game NOW. We have a couple problems i'll talk about that are currently game changing. Storing items. We have a little problem here that isn't gonna get fixed for a couple months at least. There is no way to keep your items safe 100% and your inventory space is limited. You have to find a place in the middle of no where (better be a damn good middle of nowhere) and hide all your♥♥♥♥♥♥ ALL YOUR♥♥♥♥♥♥ ALLLLLLL OF YOUR HOURS OF WORK IN ONE HIDDEN BUSH! why? because you're fixing to go search for scrap metal for the rest of your days, then more hours are stored in a hidden bush. If you hate starting over, leave NOW. There are constant server wipes. Base building is fun, but is a rough draft right now. We have premade stuff with not a lot of creativity. There is so much content in this game already and it's not even 1/10th of what's going to be added. Creating massive bases with hidden chests is not viable at the moment due to people being able to bomb your walls and jump in, there are no roofs currently. The map is very big which makes it hard for finding friends and getting to where you want to. They are going to make it a lot bigger.Overall this game is freaking amazing (can I cuss in a steam review?) and it's not even close to what they want it to be. I hate buying alphas but this was completely worth it. There are so many things to do all the time for weeks and months if you love the game. Oh, you want to quit? It's alright guys, in a month our game will be x2 as cool as before. I god damn love the team, I hope they don't give up on this game."
,Not Recommended,295110,18912554,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Big Chief Woolabum Boomalackaway,"Should be renamed ""Battle Royale"", devs are only focused on whats making more money. Core survival mode is dead."
,Not Recommended,295110,22791307,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Engoa,Nope.
,Not Recommended,295110,31451470,Posted: 29 April,all,V A P O R  A E S T H E T H I C S,This is free to play right? remember ur promise sony?
76561198118402057,Not Recommended,295110,14421587,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Daffy Duck,"Game will not be fun till the ♥♥♥♥♥ hackers are gone.Edit:  Well they have fixed some of the hacking issues but the game still wont get a thumbs up from this guy.  They rushed the game to a point where steam would allow them to put this on early access and let us pay them to finnish this game so they dont have to spend there own money.  I get its early access but damn this♥♥♥♥♥♥is geting stupid.  No dev now days wants to finnish a game when they can get rich buy giving us crap like this.   The game can be fun but its nothing like the video its heavy pvp kill on sight for about 80% of the people and 100% of people that have guns. Zombies are almost a non factor.Edit July 30The game is still just a race to get a gun and pvp, 75% will KOS then talk♥♥♥♥♥♥like thay are good cause they killed a naked with a shotgunEdit Aug 26The best part of the game is the Battle Royle, like 175 people on the map with weapons and gear everwhere. I just won my first and the felling is prety good.  Hope the core game catches up with the BR."
,Not Recommended,295110,14316379,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Dalian✞,"Currently H1Z1 is in early access, yes I understand what this means, and yes I know there is more to come / fixes as well.Currently reccomending it not be bought for a multitude of reasons.1. I hear the game is actually going to be free when it's released, and you're just testing it for $20 so I ask you, why waste your $20 in funding a game you'll later play for free?2. The in game chat feature needs a few fixes, one being the voice distance, it's great however it's a dead give away you and another friend or random player are conversing when your name appears with a mic symbol on the side of any players screen within range further than the ability to actually hear the player. This gives anyone ample time to run and hide if they want to gank you or hide from you and log out.3. Vehicles, Why have these always been the #1 problem with every f-ing zombie apocalypse game? DAYZ anyone with a car gets shot there is no friendly. H1Z1 is entirely the same way, however the worse part is when you finally find the pieces to fix up a vehicle, either you're horded by zombies or players, OR and this is the kicker, you drive it and somehow the vehicle flips over... randomly...even the smallest bump has flipped over friends / my cars we've tried driving to the point where we give up on these pieces of♥♥♥♥♥♥4. Loot and crafting. Great amount of crafting recipes to start with can't wait to see what will be added, but it's a bit ridiculous to discover 1 recipe (like storage box) that has 4-5 other items crafted the exact same way without being given EVERY recipe in that combination. Also why do you have to re-discover them when you die? What's the point? It's just a waste of time. The guns are in a small variety atm which is good, pistols, assault rifles, shotgun, sniper rifle, good variety to start with just messing around with however... the sniper rifle's breath holding time is very low making it very hard to scope players or zombies etc. The preferred method of use is actually no scoping which makes it 200% more accurate to almost every player it seems to defeat the purpose no? AR15, hardly used it but when I did I could only get it to fire 1 shot at a time semi-auto perhaps I hit a button making it that way? More testing on my end to be done. Pistol is good, it's what you would expect.5.  Zombies, need a bit of work but by far much better than DAYz's derpy ai's. Improvements I'd suggest adding more honestly a lot more regardless of how hard it makes a server work loading them there is no challenge for players (i've seen slightly more amounts recently which is good) roaming AI hordes would be amazing too, but not like groups of 4-5.. I mean legitimatley hordes like 20+ / 30+. There is no current PVE surviving apart from other players raiding your♥♥♥♥♥♥ So having 2-3 zombies or wolves or bears come along and be in your area.. who the hell wants ot play a PVE like that?  Add some more types of zombies too, crawlers would be fun to have harder to see, some missing limbs anything apart from the same 3-4 types of skins in low quantity.6. Hackers Why? Already? Really? Those are the most common remarks made about the hackers, SOE has done good on hackers in the past, I hope to see a anti-hack program in place soon preferably one that works.7. Fog/mist time of day, roughly the environment will change from sunny and bright, to dark, to just plain foggy/misty during this time of day (this might just be my complaint because I wear glasses) I can't see almost anything, players zombies alike. It is really hard on the eyes, it makes it a lot more challenging, but the frequency of this occuring during the day is high making it hard for me to play a lot. Others may share the same problem. View distance happens to be an issue too you can see a great distance, but somehow it feels lacking like I can see this shrub, but I couldn't see the zombie beside it kind of example.8. This is my final reason you should not get the game until it's free, or later during more patches which would be: The DAYZ community is currently flooding in, What does that mean to those of you who don't play DAYZ or never have,  The dayz community (at least the majority) are rude, they kill on sight, they trash talk you as if you're playing a PoS game like Call of duty, and almost never will they legitimately just be like I'm friendly I'll let you live hwen you turn you die.  Suprisingly enough 7 days to die doesn't have that kind of community I've found almost all players I've encountered have no real problem letting you live and walk away even if you have a gun in your hand. In this game if you have even nothing (like dayz) you're going to be shot at by someone why? There is currently no real PVE challenge with the zombies. You can make a bow and arrow with cloth and stick and then make x amount of arrows with however many sticks you find, 1 shot zombies in the head and when all 3 of the ones following you are dead there's no more until more get attracted.  Please add tons more it makes the loot feel worthless it really really does.You want it? Get it, it's fun for what it is some players have a better experience than others obviously, but I definitely reccomend waiting a while until there is much more added in as the servers go down quite often (as of the last 3 days i've noticed) for 2 hours at a time for maintenance updates etc, so if you log in at the wrong time you arent playing."
,Not Recommended,295110,14003250,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Tea,Please indicate you have read ToS and Privacy Policy10/10 would read again
,Not Recommended,295110,14006256,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,VSVPFrazier,how come i am not seeing any servers? this is really annoying
76561198054080636,Not Recommended,295110,31389252,Posted: 27 April,all,Rabid Elevator Midget,"Just another zombie game dayz clone that's never going to get finished. Not a single meaningful update in years, the devs spend more time working on skins than the game itself. Just avoid it or play seven days to die at least that made some progress."
76561198047629641,Not Recommended,295110,26211760,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Gucci,"I enjoyed this game for a somewhat annoyed as i can run reccomended specs but was only getting 25 frames on low but anyway i bought a new pc and now the game is %100 broken, it opens closes then opens a google page  that ""No longer exists or was removed"" so yeah dont buy this games its risky and might not work oh and also there is no support email or anything u cannot contact them."
,Not Recommended,295110,14021217,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Influence_X,"This game, while having a good amount of promise and potential, has not conviced me with its execution. The game looks and feels a bit like WarZ mixed with State of Decay but with a more in depth menu and vehicle system. I will update this as the game goes along alpha, but I highly suggest waiting until this game is free to play.Combat is sluggish, zombies take multiple head hits... with an axe. They also (when actually active) hit you while you're behind them. PVP mode is a deathmatch, the map is too small (although will grow soon hopefully), and environment not hostile enough to force players to work together.Recent patches have made the crates land farther away from the player that called them, and more easily identified to other players, in addition to spawning zombies around them. While this is still not my favorite feature, I believe it is much more balanced now.EDIT: I was asked to put some points on here that are not on reddit already, so I will. See below.I find the overall survival mechanics to be shallow, the cars have more health detail than the players in the game do. You cannot break bones, you cannot go unconscious, you cannot restrain or loot other player unless they're dead, you cannot bandage other players, and you cannot check the health of another player. You can, however, still see the name of the player.... which is the one thing that shouldnt happen in a ""survival"" game.*******************************************************************************************************************Devs are offering a refund now for those who have payed and feel the crate drops are unfair, I asked for a refund.  THIS IS NOT A BAD GAME! I just regret PAYING for it in the current state. I will play it again, and create a new account after it is free to play... with hopefully a much larger map and elemets that actually encourage players to survive together instead of turning into battlefield zombies.REFUND UPDATE: My friend returned his game and DID NOT have his IP blacklisted... There is a safe return here folks, and you'll be able to come back totally safe when the game is actually free to play.I got a refund on this game. I'll be back and re-edit my review when the game is free to play."
,Not Recommended,295110,27685946,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Marshmallow,This game is just full of bugs
,Not Recommended,295110,18895177,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Slappington,"There's ZERO development happening on the actual survival part of the game, which is what it was sold on. Don't buy unless you're just looking to play Battle Royale, and if you are, there are probably better options.Supported this game for so long, but now it's just a micro-transaction farm."
,Not Recommended,295110,18212963,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,JotaSX,"Bugs coming back, hackers everywhere, lack of survival content, full of money making boxes and keys contents only ...Still full of Bugs 15/03/2016 update.Are people working in this game ?"
76561198133140024,Not Recommended,295110,14011815,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,smasher249. R.I.P GPU,"Lying Devs,♥♥♥♥♥♥Graffics, Pay 2 Win,♥♥♥♥♥♥Animaations, Lacks Content, Devs Baited Us.I played it for 20 minutes and got bored.Well done devs for making Infestation 2.0 w/ AirDropsDevs "" We wont make it so you can purchase air drops excetra""♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t^Well done devs for getting what you wanted, Money for ♥♥♥♥ all"
76561198127086493,Not Recommended,295110,14012340,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,semicolon,Survival game with airdrops in which you can find guns/ammo ? Yeah.. no!...damn liers at SOE.. hope you choke on the cash we gave you for your lies and see no other money from now on!
,Not Recommended,295110,14016547,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Chatham,Got my refund. Will come back to update this review when I eventually play again when it is F2P.
,Not Recommended,295110,18388001,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,💗 Lynexia 💗⚧,How do developers keep ♥♥♥♥ing this genre up? Battle Royal is the only thing in this game that they work on post SoE buyout which is essentially a deathmatch but where people get an advantage based on luck (spawn point). I didn't have a problem with battle royal as it seemed to serve a purpose of keeping KoS deathmatch kids off survior servers but now they don't even work on survival.This game will die. As much as all the fanbois will tell you it won't that game has no place in competitive eSports which is what DBG seems to be focusing on right now and at this rate will never look at survival again.Please don't buy this game. Don't support trash developers who refuse to deliver what they promised.
,Recommended,295110,14082794,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Vern,"One of the best games I have played in a while. The negative reviews come from people who played the game for a couple hours when it was released, raged at the flooded servers, the shortage of loot, and the airdrops, and immediately got a refund. The airdrops AT BEST give you mediocre gear. The best gear in the game comes from killing zombies, finding keys, and finding the corresponding loot cache on the map for the key. The gear you get from these far exceeds the quality anyone will get from an airdrop, as airdrops hardly even drop weapons anymore.People complaining about lack of ammo are the same ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s on DayZ who camp Cherno. They are not concerned about the survival aspect of the game, they just want to get their fix of killing people. However, the lack of ammo in the game keeps encounters fairly civil, most of the time people you find will actually talk to you rather than attack you immediately. Sure, there are some bugs, but that can be expected coming from an early access game, and the most serious bugs have already been patched out in less than a week from release.Bottom line - this game is definitely worth $20, that is all I have spent on the game and all I plan to spend. Compared to games like DayZ where vehicles are just now being implemented after so many years of development and still plagued by bugs and hackers, this game is incredible. I would say it takes the best qualities out of both DayZ and Rust, and I personally cannot wait to see where this game will be when it gets released."
,Not Recommended,295110,14009259,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,CryogenicX,"This game has no meaning behind it. The PvP is metiocre and when you play with your friends you cant join a party or create a clan or anything. When you die you respawn in some random area in the woods, and if you run around in the woods there is nothing to do. I spent 4 hours in the woods doing nothing because I could not find road or people. It took so long to die I wanted to just turn off the game and uninstall it. The devolpers of the game said it wont be Pay to Win but if you pay you get an air drop with Guns, Ammo, Food, Crafting materail. What the hell this game is unfair, useless, and honestly I would rather go play Infestation: Survivor Stories, atleast in that game I have Clans, Groups, and when we get together, my friends and I, we can go hunting and when we die we spawn next to eachother. The PvP in that game is also better, and you find guns and ammuntion faster. This game is unbalanced, and a complete waste of time."
76561198048881688,Not Recommended,295110,18377663,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,GoD_Excalibur,"GAME ERROR G32MALFUNCTION:We're sorry, it looks like you are trying to play the game using a different Daybreak Account than what was originally used when you bought Early Access. wtf this bs fix this crap i wood like me dame mony back"
76561198063121108,Not Recommended,295110,17667425,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Joseph Robinette Biden,"battle royal? yes. survive hiding yourself until 10 people are alive? yes. sneak to a survivor and shoot him in the head with an AR-15 three times from 1m distance? yes. should he die after the first headshot? yes. does he turn around and shoot your face through the tactical helmet with a pistol? yes. should you survive that? yes. why are you dead then?90% of times i got killed by cheaters. played the game 3 days about 30 rounds, read wikis and reviews about bullet drop and damage tests and im playing csgo on legendary eagle master level. shouldnt be too stupid to use a gun. cool game destroyed.10/10"
,Not Recommended,295110,14008947,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Lurpake,"Developers marketed this game as f2p without p2w options for a looooooong time. Few hours after launch people have been able to call in paid airdrops which contain weapons, ammo and big backpacks. What a blunder...http://www.reddit.com/r/h1z1/comments/2skzl5/streamer_just_called_in_an_airdrop_it_dropped/http://www.reddit.com/r/h1z1/comments/2sl820/airdrops_devs_please_read/"
76561198059145451,Not Recommended,295110,14006806,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Not Aaron,"Well as everyone and their mother knows this game's servers are sh*t... I payed $20 to play the main menu and so far I can only click on the ""Exit Game"" button. Kinda wonder how this happens? why cant I play a game by myself even? But it was my fault for buying this game, I'm out $20 and I've learned from my mistake.STOP BUYING EARLY ACCESS GAMES!!! It's ruining gaming for everyone! And then you have bad communities full of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off people like me that just wish they could play a game that we spend OUR cash on.I should've waited or just not bought.....Edit: Just killed a hacker that spawned on top of a building with me while I was watching the staircase (heard footsteps), turned around opened the door behind me and what do you know, a hacker teleported to me... To make it sound worse I actually killed him... If you are going to hack, don't lose the gun fight. ***Punches fist through head***"
,Not Recommended,295110,17623537,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Slorb,Says Im using a different account than what I bought it with...♥♥♥♥ off daybreak
,Not Recommended,295110,14003863,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Gun,...first game I bought from steam.. G99 error.Back to GTAV.P2W this early? This is worst than Hello Kitty Island Adventures.I want my money back.
,Not Recommended,295110,20413838,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Diggler,After 2 tries to play this game it still runs like it has no place being sold.If I wasn't crashing which I always was it was just buggy.I'll wait until its free to play.
76561198030060580,Not Recommended,295110,14006615,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Mr. Meeseeks,"You'll have a better chance at meeting a whale,taking it home,getting it drunk, and sleeping with it then logging in to this♥♥♥♥♥♥ Seriously tho hellen keller has a better chance of no scoping a mustard seed of the tip of a ant's♥♥♥♥♥♥then your chances of logging in. BUT IF SOME MIRACLE so happens and you can log in DA ♥♥♥♥KKK YOU GONNA PLAY??? aint got no servers...eat a peepee Sony ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥it entertainment"
,Not Recommended,295110,21286245,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Big Nasty,Free to play   XMicro Transactions   XDev team takes 1 billion years to sort something out   XTickets are unresolved on their website   XSplitting into two seperate games of $20.00 each   XFull of cheaters and hackers that take weeks to get banned   Xpoorly optamised   XUpdates consist of adding new crates and skins not getting rid of bugs or improving gameplay   XOther than that its an ok game ... not worth over £10.00 atm thoughgame should be getting better i hopeas of - 18/02/2016
,Not Recommended,295110,14002910,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,j0n,Hacker Simulator 2015Do NOT! buy this game
76561197983066361,Not Recommended,295110,14009011,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,jtilley,"Man what a ridiculously boring waste of time. It took me three goes to actually play the game, all up I waited around an hour in the queue after getting disconnected several times. I start in the middle of nowhere with just a flashlight and my fists. The crate gave me a shirt that was worse than the default one.I just ran and ran until I found two small bricked areas and a larger caravan park. There's barely anything to loot. I found no water so my guy got dehydrated really quickly. Found the odd bit of food and 2 x antibiotics.I don't see the fun in wandering around aimlessly in a barren empty game land. Met 2 zombies, that's it."
76561197972273632,Not Recommended,295110,14009999,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Sdt-Zombiemeatspin,"This needs alot of polishing and yes you can polish a turd. So many bugs in only one hour of gameplay it needed to be delayed atleast another 6 months.So far the zombiers are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ they slide around, teleport and don't react properly to players due to desyncs.I tried to loot and it was all gone people were there before me on a  high population server. Cannot loot things on the ground in the water. I killed a deer in the water and I tried everything to no avail.Alot of textures are floating in the air such as road textures or trees.The interaction is terrible due to desyncs click 5 time on an item for it to get in my inventory.I would not recommend unless they do some serious work and stop doing stupid twitchs."
,Not Recommended,295110,14012469,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,MetalReptile,"100% Pay2Win awful game model, developers are in denial lying about what would be in the crates and then fully going back on their word. Biggest disappointment, the hype train has been derailed and is now in a burning wreckage where it belongs."
,Not Recommended,295110,14971338,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Skizzy,-they're starting a 'charge for Battle Royale' thing-monthly charge to play the game-inb4 they charge to log in-inb4 they charge you to charge you-inb4 devs pull off mask-inb4 its dean rocket hall-inb4 he rubs nips with gaben-inb4 gold shekles pour from their pepperonis-inb4 alpha-inb4 they got you againdropped. dayZ 2.0
,Not Recommended,295110,14028314,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Thaurus,"After buying the game on the 15th of January i could not log in at all, there where rpoblems with the login.The 16th when i came home after work i immediatly tried to get in a server, login que for EU  servers 2h+.I managed to get into an US server and the lag was ok to atleast test it out.It is Early Acces i understand, but after playing several survival games this is probably the least polished in this state, they hyped the game and in the videos it looked good and playable. But in-game this all turned out bad.I played PS2 in the past and was thrilled this game runs on the same engine and that it could generate a very large world with thousands of people in it.At this stage the game is just to small, 200 people in a rather small map you constantly bump into them and does not give you a survivors feeling like in DayZ, the Forrest or The Long Dark.I will keep an eye out on this game to see how the develop, but for now taking back my money was the only option.Sorry SOE yuo already messed up my best gaming experience ever (SWG) and will not even start on this one atm."
76561198147120282,Not Recommended,295110,31878640,Posted: 21 May,all,JayPay,"Nahhh, the map is good but everything else about this game sucks. get something like Rust or Unturned"
76561198112856209,Not Recommended,295110,18891625,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,butter lamb,"This game shows promise, but not yet. They still have a far way to go to bring a real survival-zombie apocalypse game. However, the game mode battle royale is basically finished, and that's what usually everyone plays.Looking for a survival game? Don't look here. Looking for a game specifically built for battle royale gameplay? Then but it. Not recommended until this is in beta, or the full game is finished."
76561198066469326,Not Recommended,295110,21283433,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Fupa Trupa,"H1Z1 is trash now, they are just money hungry ♥♥♥♥♥s now."
,Not Recommended,295110,21044127,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Cox Myth,"Here's an idea! lets rip off another dev teams idea, get better finacil backing and create a quick cash cow POS this game was BS from the start. And now this? Pay to win, cash grab, copy cat, MOTHER FATHERS!"
76561198208508252,Not Recommended,295110,20991923,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Dan ✔,"i recomend this game ,however if you are looking to play survival dont bother because all daybreak care about is br and skins"
12348813024873501,Not Recommended,295110,14770987,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Hillsong Regular,"oi fix your game, the last patch ♥♥♥♥ed it"
,Recommended,295110,14058743,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,LemonKush,Before I wrote this review I had at least 7 hours of gameplay and I honestly do not see how it is P2W. You can pay for a air drop and it may or may not contain a weapon but if you die you lose it all anyways. I have not paid for a single air drop but I was grouped with a few people who had and one air drop contained glass sheets and a wooden bow and the other contained a spear and some random stuff. So both drops I have seen have been no gun and no over powered anything. I played 4-5 hours without dieing and I did not have a gun.If you wish to play a survival game with friends then this game is amazing. It has in game voice chat so all users near you can hear you and its perfect for role play. Though don't expect all fun and games because some people are just out to hunt you and your items so be careful.This game is not P2W because you don't keep these items upon death. Let some guy put $25 more into the game for a gun and then when he dies he will be back to nothing. Enjoy the game and test it yourself most reviews have less than 5 hours and haven't played long enough to have tested the game.Extra Notes:1. Air drops can be taken by anyone. It does not instantly spawn at your feet. It allows time for users in the area to make it to the site and kill you before it lands. They can also open the air drop crate for free and take all its content.2. Even if a user has a gun and ammo once he runs out he must hunt for more ammo so keep in mind that guns are only good if you have the supplies to use it.
76561198061121934,Not Recommended,295110,17638394,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Fishslayer,"daybreak games is worse than Sony Online. two thumbs downm more hackers and errors than a chinese hard drive.error g32 - you must have another account name, click here if this is the only account youve made, *clicks* takes me to a link the says 'no really, search for other user names you must have one' like im a moron, Russian devs are top notch, NOT"
,Not Recommended,295110,21864956,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Tolunay,It should be renamed as Just Hack
76561198306800049,Not Recommended,295110,23323341,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,ShockRA,"This game is horrible.  On my 3rd day of owning this game there was a wipe so the developers could update the game, lost everything I spent hours working for. I go on after and can\'t even gather supplies/ammo because players are building/glitching there bases into the buildings where the loot is. One section of the map is not even playable because a group of 10 hackers have built a base in the air over the main city, they use ESP to locate where you are if you enter the town and kill you right away. I hide my items in a base that no one could find and I wake up the next morning to having nothing because players with ESP know what items are in your base and where your base is located. I have 100+ hours played in the past week and have nothing to show for.Hackers and players that exploit the game by glitching there bases into buildings so no one can use anything has destroyed this experience for me. It\'s hard to have fun when a select group of hackers run the game and you can\'t even get supplies to play the game. The game title is \""Just Survive\"", I can\'t even get into %10 percent of the buildings you have put in the game. There is primary spawns for specific items like metal sheets, ammo, food, scrap metal, you buy this game and you will never touch these items. I spent $40 on crates and could not even touch them because groups of hackers run there first, look through walls kill me then take my loot.Overall review is a 2/10, the concept of the game is really good but hackers have destroyed the concept you have layed out. I would never suggest this game to someone to buy, unless your fine with literally wasting all of your time accomplishing nothing. Want a refund, wasn\'t aware that almost everyone who plays this game hacks and it wasn\'t put in the description. Unhappy with this game and feel people who have been negatively impacted by hackers on the game which we bought from you should recieve some sort of compensation for our time lost. I bought this product from you that is not as described, don\'t care if it\'s early access it\'s been out for like a year. More hackers on this game then any other game because of how benficial it is to use cheats on h1z1."
,Not Recommended,295110,18900433,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,JG,"""Survival, they said"""
,Not Recommended,295110,14012461,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Headshots,"Pay 2 Win with airdrops that contain  weapons and ammo, when the developer smedley the greedy has clearly stated their wouldn't be anything of this sort in crates that would make this game pay to win.He also stated that it would be pretty damn ♥♥♥♥♥♥ if it was the case, yet they slip it in first minute of the game.PAY TO WIN ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥TI want a refund now."
,Recommended,295110,16401311,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,DonaldTrump,"Like DayZ, but it might actually get finished before I die."
,Not Recommended,295110,14009055,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,xI_Zoe_Ix,"If it runs like crap, looks like crap and plays like crap then most... likely it is crap. Yes kiddo's, prepare to take a step back in time to early 2000's graphics, a framerate that tanks, a skybox that isnt even blended, floating lightswitches and doors, zombies that are about as threatening as a wet cabbage and less chance of finding loot than walking the sahara desert. Oh also, look at the birds and marvel in their glorious animation. If you get bored, dont forget to mouse over your starving icon for a sarcastic comment. Don't even waste your time buying into it early, maybe it'll be better much much later but hey, haven't we been saying the same thing about DayZ for years? Most overhyped stereotypical zombie game ive seen, even WarZ was better and thats saying something!"
,Not Recommended,295110,14008963,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,dno,"The world may have gone to♥♥♥♥♥♥with the zombie apocalypse, but dont worry, the Military and their Airdrop Division work perfectly."
,Not Recommended,295110,20980012,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,legiT ッ Trade-Skins.com,No JUST NOOOOOO
76561198096732740,Not Recommended,295110,14990696,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,1UpPanda,"As someone who has been playing this game since launch I can say the game is enjoyable for a short period of time if you have friends to play with. But as this game is now there is no point in paying for this. It is full of hackers both on the PVP servers as well as the PVE servers. Base building is utterly pointless in this until they add a form of plot pole (like arma) or just implement building restrictions around objects you build so others can't come along and place deck right up against yours just to hop over your walls. I currently have Screenshots of the hackers speedrunning, placing objects where they should not be able to be placed and on top of that they are some how able to place inside others bases using shelters to block the gates in and out of said base. People glitch right through your foundation and steal everything you've gathered and stored in your ""secure"" base.Pros - game runs pretty smooth for the most partCons - Hackers, Hackers and more HACKERSglitch exploiters,lack of any type of building security,lack of in world objects to find ( 4 guns, 4 types of pants, 4 shirts, a handful of hats and 3 bike helmets)UNLESS you PAY for a chance to maybe get a different skin for one of those objects.D/C deaths, falling through the framework under the map (twice in the past week only fix is to delete the character)PVE- landmines, IEDs and fuel can explosions do nothing to anything but yourself if your too close( They wont damage cars or base buildings )PVP- Most ruthless player base in any survival game Ive played (arma,rust,infestation,DayZ SA)You will die more times as a fresh spawn then I have ever experienced.EVERY patch or update fixes a minor issue only to cause something worse to happen.I could go on and on with the massive list of problems this game has but I wont.Ultimately the game is fun for maybe 3 days to a week tops then you'll get bored and move on.I can not recommend this game in its current state and truthfully I feel bad for asking and mildly pushing my friends to pay for this.If you are interested in H1Z1 WAIT for the full release and maybe just maybe SOE will have adressed and fixed the ever growing list of issues with the game before then."
,Not Recommended,295110,14007287,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Rugliff Snuggleford,nothing like buying a game and the dev releasing a news letter saying ♥♥♥♥ everything we said up till now give us $5 and you get gunsi wont be supporting SOE again learned my lesson
,Not Recommended,295110,14006790,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Cumslinger,Best 20$ i ever spent! Cant even get into the game thanks steam! <3 best web browser simulator ever :)
,Not Recommended,295110,21286234,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,zoot suit👌👏💯,0/10would rather be abused by nicole arbour then play 2 secs of this peace of♥♥♥♥♥♥game.
,Not Recommended,295110,14995351,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,nagolbud.com,"Good game but script kiddies are everywhere. Literally everyone has it. Cost $20 bucks and they can aimbot, esp (know your location and gear), speed hacks, teleporting, glitching into base. ect. All for 20 bucks.  Literally every person I run into has it. LITERALLY. I have put down the game until they script kiddies are completely gone. Ruins the game completely when you are continuously killed by someone with no skill but merely a script that they bought for 20 bucks. Pathetic really. Games awesome.. but the anti cheating is non-existent. Seems like it would be incredibly simple to fix. DONT BUY YET - WASTE OF MONEY*UPDATE* 4/18/2015Still plenty of hackers... seems they are more concerned with money than stopping the hackers. $$$"
76561198045708681,Not Recommended,295110,19403386,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Harambe's fun stick,"They did not even deliver the partial list they posted. Some will jump on and say that this list was nearly done, we got the hospital ect.. Well, as I have posted before, they said this:October and November are going to be big months for H1Z1 Survival. This includes things like:Hospital point of interestNew Zombie typesGuild/clan System (Version one is mainly for permissions)Professions (version 1)Base building improvements (construction box + UI)We are also having ongoing discussions of ways to revamp the Survival portion of the game.They did not even finish that list. It clearly implies that more was on the list but these where the big ticket items.So here we are, on the 30th. Not even the short list is done, no word on the other things that where not included in that list and likely no word from any devs. Some people think this is okay, it's quite clear that Daybreak under preformed and dropped the ball again. You can not use part of a part of a list to justify content."
76561198010000809,Not Recommended,295110,15079680,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,])oo]v[,"with all the hacker paranoia going around i got unfairly banned... and after waiting 2 weeks for ban appeal ticket review, i stayed unfairly banned.even if the game itself might have some potential, i can't really recommend something like that."
,Recommended,295110,14448743,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Matto,I took a dump and it hurt to wipe.The end.
76561198010562166,Not Recommended,295110,14009373,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Skyyye´ <3 RUST,7 EU servers and 1000 US? really? and 20€ = 20 dollarS? P2W system ....
76561197986251268,Not Recommended,295110,14030482,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Jarvis,"Visually the game is poor even for an alpha, there are no new features with this game compared to others character movement suck too, this game was sold saying it will not be pay to win, and then hours after thousands of people brought it they said it is going to be pay to win, worst game I have ever purchased, got a refund and I will not buy anorher SOE game again!"
,Not Recommended,295110,18893784,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Pnuttyz,I was promised a zombie survival game! Nothing more then another Shootem' up game! I dropped the game for months because i could tell where the devs where going! I picked it back up hoping that they would start the focus back on survival but nope!
,Not Recommended,295110,19447656,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,nochill,"This game is absolute dogshit. Spend your money on something else. Or catch it in 2034 when it won't be ""early access alpha"".The inventory is absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥to utilize especially in a situation where danger and death is imminent. Mechanics are trash."
76561197970809725,Not Recommended,295110,18891690,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,senond,"I wish this game was anything like what the Developers of this Game promised when EA started.Sadly it turned out to be the worst cash grab ive seen in a game ive played.You pay for EA, you pay for Premium (In EA!) there is a Item shop (In EA!) and there are Game modes you have to pay for aswell.The Progress of the core game (survival) is almost non existant. Original Plans were scrapped to almost nothing, small map, bad base building system.Cannot recommend this game, or anything for SOE (now DBG)"
76561198058548725,Not Recommended,295110,18899538,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Vicious,"too many lies from the devs, not enough content,and cheaters paradise"
76561197973767704,Not Recommended,295110,14008940,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,jeangabriel.bergeron,"Orinigal review:I recommend that you wait unless you want a pay to win model.  Without spending money hunger and thirst is just rediculous right now.   Hopefully they will get there and the game as potential and is still in alpha and a lot could change, but for now I would recommend staying away from it unless at the very least they tweak hunger.Right now yo are eating an entire berry bush and almost loose more thirst and hunger while you are eating it then what you get back.Broken right now, but it is alpha.   I will update my review as things change since I will follow it, but for now I recommend you stay away from it.Updated Review:Still wait:  Once you start hunting and getting water hunger and thirst is not has bad but still too high.Zombie AI is a joke, they often run right beside you and away from you (and that's with you not even moving).Many item are not properly position with bed coming out of the wall.On PVE server you can cause severe bleeding on other players with weapon (now fixed).  Quick fixed.  Should have been caught in QA.  Remember this is SOE not an Indie Studio.I could accept those mistake in a public release with an indy company but this is SOE.  It's unnaceptable to have a product of so low quality.Again I'm too much a zombie fanatic to not want to see this game succeed so I will continue hoping that it will involve but really a huge disappointement so far.Still has potential though."
,Not Recommended,295110,14008914,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Jay,"This is pay to win! SOE, it was nice knowing you..."
,Not Recommended,295110,14004389,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Lagreca,"UPDATE: Finally I got in. First server I tried, queue time was 3 hours to get in ! Was able to get into the second one. Couldn get my usual nickname. Then the game: TERRIBLE lag, things appear and disappear, and TERRIBLE graphics. Looks like a 10 year old game. If the graphics engine will be this, well, I just had thrown away 20 dollars. Did I said it looks like a 10 year old game? TERRIBLE. Do not buy.FIRST IMPRESSIONS:I paid for an early access game. I did NOT pay for an early ABSOLUTELY NO access game.It took me almost two hours just to be able to complete the creation of my SOE account due to server errors. Then I couldnt login to that account and so I cant login into the game and play. I was expecting way more from the almighty Sony Corporation. The frustration level is uncanny. Lets see what happen in the next hours. So far, I do not recommend this frustration to anyone."
,Recommended,295110,14104944,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,JayParalysis,"Only a few hours in and already have a story. Sit down kids grandpa is going to tell you a tale.Once upon a time in the deep forest of H1Z1 stood a young man named Luther. Luther wanted nothing more than to survive the zombie apocalypse and started his search for food, water, and shelter. He started to follow the first street he could find and within minutes came upon a few peasants clashing fisticuffs this scared him. Stirred but not shaken Luther pressed on past the men and onward to new lands. However one of the men followed our young hero and proceeded to swing his mighty stick over and over missing with each swing. Luther skillfully dodged and made a swift escape. Luther continued his journey down the road more determined than ever to secure his survival. As Luther was searching a gas station for any valuable goodies a man by the name of BuckNastyzz The Great came asking for assistance to hunt down a man firing arrows upon him. Luther was more than happy to help kill a ruthless bandit. However the bandit was hidden away in his shack of invincibility and continued to mock our heroes. Finally Luther and Buck decided this was a waste of valuable time. Now stronger than ever Luther moved forth with buck at his side! They did everything together, hunted, forged for berries, stole rabbit meat from traps and even hunted bandits! All was not how it seemed however, After eating a nice meal of rabbit and berry juice Luther and Buck decided to move onward with their adventure. When out of the darkest three bandits appeared and decided we were on their territory. ""C'mon buck lets go, we're out numbered"" said Luther. Buck responded by firing arrows at the pursing bandits, ""No, get your axe we can take them"" With a sigh Luther spun around with his axe in hand and charged into battle. Minutes later buck was killed, with his last dying breath he said ""Run"" Luther ran as fast he could weeping in mourn of his best friends death, those bandits would not get away with this. ""where is he?"" said one bandit. ""He got away"" said another, little did they know Luther was hidden in the mist of the fog waiting to strike. Luther followed them down a hill and into their base made of three shacks on a Cliffside. Luther charged into their base, swinging his axe of vengence shouting ""YOU KILLED BUCK"" the bandits fired arrow after arrow at Luther finally bringing his life to an end. Luther had failed to avenge Buck.I'm sorry Buck15/10 Would cry over stranger again.*SpongeBob narrator voice*5 Hours laterLuther was vanquished from existence and respawned within another forest. This time however there was a refuel station within his view, to his right was another civilian freshly brought back into existence just as he was. ""Hello friend"" Luther said. No reply, the man looked at Luther, whipped out his flashlight to get a better look at our young hero. Without warning he started throwing punches, ""Hey what the ♥♥♥♥ is your deal?!"" Luther said as he lunged into a full sprint. ""Fighting will not help you survive!"". This time the young lad answered, ""I don't care about survival, i just want to kill"" ""Go play street fighter then!"". The chase went on for what seemed like an entire moon. Out of nowhere a civilian came to Luther's rescue! ""Friend!"" he shouted. ""Help!"" ""This peasant is attacking me!"". ""Friend!"" the man repeated. Obviously this man was from foreign land and did not understand Luther's language. Luther looked for refuge with only thing in site being a Grocery shack Luther quickly made his way there looking for more help. Upon entering he noticed the Young man and foreign fellow were gone. A sigh of relief escaped his lips ""Thank Gaben"".  Inside two nobles were conversing in he corner, sadly their conversation was inaudible, Luther creped closer. ""We're going to need more people to fortify this place one said"" ""Yea but everyone's hostile what can we do?"" the other replied. This was a prime chance to show himself. Luther came out of cover, ""Hello"" he said as friendly as he could. ""Hello"" ""Hi man"". Luther and the two nobles talked about what to do next. deciding to move onward to find more supplies they all set out with bow in hand, Luther had made new companions to help him on his journey. After traveling for a day and a half the men came upon a work house filled with cubical work stations. ""I heard this is a great place to find a gun"" Cadem said ""alright lets split and look"" said anonymous. Once the placed was searched and nothing was found, our hero's met on the top floor trying to decide what to do next. ""Hello"" said a unknown voice. Two knights, one named Yoloysnme and the other Kenkoin  walked into the room and claimed to be friendly passerby's. Anonymous losing all control pulled his bow back and nailed Yoloysnme right between the eyes, shouting ""IM SORRY BUT WE'VE BEEN LOOKING FOR SO LONG"" Kenkoin immediately shot at Anonymous killing him instantly. Cadem burst into a rage ""YOU KILLED MY FRIEND!"" chasing the man with a branch down the stairs and out the building. Luther however had lost sight of the men and could not figure where the shouting was coming from. Luther was about to check outside when a horrifying death scream came from the right of the building he recognized that voice....Cadem!. Luther ran out as fast he could, only to find Kenkoin, blood stained and beat down, standing over Cadem's corpse. ""Stand down and i wont kill you"" Yelled the knight. ""Alright alright"" yelled Luther. ""AVENGE ME LUTH"" ""CMON AVENGE ME!"" Instantly a flashback of Buck appeared in his head. This bandit wouldn't survive.. this wont end like it did last time. Luther acted innocent and went behind a building. He then looked around the corner to find Kenkoin busy looting. Luther drew his bow, started to aim.. he had run out of time, Ken was on the run, it was now or never. Calling upon Buck for strength Luther fired.........Plunk. The arrow had landed and vanquished Kenkoin. ""I GOT HIM!"" ""I DID IT!"" He yelled as he came out of cover. Miraculously, Cadem was not yet gone. ""Thank you Luther.."" ""Its alright Cadem you can rest easy now.."" as if on que rain started falling from the cloudy sky ""I love you man"" Luther said as a single tear dropped down splashing down on Cadem's face. His friends were dead but he had avenged them and redeemed himself. Looking to the raining sky he whispered, ""I did it Buck i.. actually did it "" Taking ever last ounce of energy he had left from the miserable day he pulled his self together and looted everyone's stuff. Now suited with only the best gear Luther set off on his journey again. It didn't take long before a peasant came running up to him. ""Hello"" he said ""Have you seen someone named Yoloysnme and Kenkoin? He asked. Luther's Gut turned to stone. ""Uh...Yea...they were up in that building back there"". ""Are you sure?"" he replied ""i heard some commotion and got worr-"" ""Yea I'm sure, they were looking for you just keep going down the road and you should see em"" ""thanks"". The man turned and ran down the streets trying to catch up to his already dead friends. Luther looked down at the shirt he was wearing, reached into the front pocket and found a picture of Yoloysnme and a beautiful women. Luther let in a small breath and let another tear roll down his face. He ripped the picture in half and threw it into the wind and continued his journey down the long road. He never knew surviving would be so hard."
76561198088624090,Not Recommended,295110,17638784,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Dawg,♥♥♥♥ no i left for 2 wks and come back to this Daybreak acct ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.  i have never made a daybreak account yet when i go to set one up as required to play now.....it says i have one though i cannot retreive the info in way shape or form through the BS support links that loop back on themselves without giving one it of help!
,Not Recommended,295110,21698500,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Combat Seat Occupant,I'd rather play with a pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ At least I know what im getting.
76561198104796142,Not Recommended,295110,19397116,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,hansos92,I just wish they'd fix the fact that you can be going full speed in a car and jump out to be 1) unharmed 2)standing straight up 3)gun drawn and ready to shoot someone... puts a whole new meaning to drive by 11/10
76561198057359054,Not Recommended,295110,18906397,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,DemiGoddess,Disappointed by the lack of development of survival......the reason why I wanted to play the game.
,Not Recommended,295110,17361403,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,The Big Burrito,"Truly quite possibly the worst game I have ever played. I have played DayZ, Rust, and numerous other survival games. This game is by far the worst. It is actually pretty well done - excluding the microtransactions. The issue is not with the game per se, more with the community. It is the most toxic community of players I've ever seen. KOS is more rampant in this game than any other survival game.I am realistic and I know that KOS is part of it, but I got on a ""low"" pop server on a sunday night and couldn't even make it to a town without being shot by a band of fully geared guys. It's just a really, really stupid community.Also, the microtransactions are so stupid. Why do game makers keep making incomplete piles of grarbage and throw in game purchases in them until the cows come home.I would say the most fun part of this game is battle royal, but even then, some how the community finds a way to make that terrible too. In my 4 games of battle royal, I was killed 2 times by teammates.I would strongly caution against wasting your time and money on this pile of junk, it is truly one of the worst games I've ever had the displeasure of experiencing. If you want frustration, this is the game for that."
76561197992261994,Not Recommended,295110,14009347,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Gubernub,"This is supossed to be a post apocalyptic survival game where you need to scrounge for loot and craft items, yet they have this thing called ""airdrops"" Where do they come from? Isn't it completely contrary to the core gameplay mechanics to be able to push a button that magically spawns all the loot you need? For months they've said items to buy will only be cosmetic and now at release they've gone full 180 degrees from that. I paid 20 bucks to get early access to a surivival game but now I don't want much to do with it."
,Not Recommended,295110,14009061,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Flashhh^,PAY TO WIN :((( I WANT MY MONEY BACK. NOOB GAME.
76561198168142375,Not Recommended,295110,22424826,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Protein Source,Worst game and worst customer support service ever
76561197979586330,Not Recommended,295110,20980809,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Heisenberg,Still early acces..
,Not Recommended,295110,31380879,Posted: 26 April,all,JayDM,Don't.
,Not Recommended,295110,14013531,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Ron Swanson,"The gameplay is pretty enjoyable and in decent state for a day one alpha build. The airdrops and pay to win part of the game is dreadful, completely goes against the grain for any 'survival' game."
,Not Recommended,295110,15068225,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Jazz,"Have you ever dragged your♥♥♥♥♥♥threw a mile of glass before?.. If not please play this game when your not being shot at your getting your♥♥♥♥♥♥stolen by people base or not. The entire game is a waste of money if you want to play this ""game"" wait til its free to play.P.S. If you buy the game goodluck."
,Not Recommended,295110,22914779,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Zidichy™,devs ban you for cheating / hack even tho you never use it..
,Not Recommended,295110,21135668,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Linkgray,Note to self: Never buy any early access zombie games.
,Not Recommended,295110,23374813,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Vagabond,Played it for a while the devs are not making any progress just making the game worst by removing stuff
76561198120770629,Not Recommended,295110,14008931,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,YaBoyAustinRivers,P2W... And the zombies are even worse then zombies in dayz. I didn't even think that was possible...
76561198044642666,Not Recommended,295110,21286194,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,zzzzzzzZZZZZZZZZ,I want my money back
,Not Recommended,295110,21493189,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,[IDF] Pink Diamond,Devs completely ♥♥♥♥ed over the community! The game had potential a long time ago but leave it to Daybreak and you get this...
76561198083222223,Not Recommended,295110,14034691,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,tegrof,"I watched the streams like the day before release and they were saying you couldn't get weapons any other way, can't buy them yadda yadda yadda.  Then, you could when it was released.Now, I get what they're saying about how they are trying to make them contested, but that still doesn't fly in my opinion.  There shouldn't be weapons dropping from the sky.....ever.Running around, it sure seems like there's limited loot to be had, which, after seeing the flip flop on air drops, makes me think it's intentional to create an atmosphere of ""if I don't buy stuff, I'm toast"".This game has a bunch of stuff that dayz is missing, but then fails in a few of the key areas.I don't recommend it in its current state and with its direction.  If they make some changes, I might check it out again."
,Not Recommended,295110,14008881,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Ganlorth,"John Smedley has a sick sense of humour.It seems whatever game he's directly involved with seems to crash and burn to the ground with his lies and deceit.You have literally ruined every franchise from your company Mr Smedley and need to either retire or stop giving the teams your input on how the game should be and let them do it the right way.On another note, this game had the potential to be good until the P2W option was snuck in there and has literally ruined any sort of fun a regular player could have had playing this game.From a long term SOE fan, screw you Smedley."
76561197960650394,Not Recommended,295110,15944155,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Nipple Shaker,"This game is done, the GM are banning everyone... especially the new players because they think is the old hackers whos on an newer account and whenever people report a player, it gets instant bans with only little hours on the account and sayings their decisions was not based on a single report or piece of evidence. I think DBG and the TMC are team together to make profits. Else they wont tweet about TMC when is obvious there isn't just one hack out there.they spent so much time and energy on banning everyone instead improving the game experience"
,Not Recommended,295110,14011557,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,culleylicious,"So now we have H1Z1. Immediately shot to the #1 spot on steam due to hype alone. The developers stated multiple times it would not allow the purchase of weapons as that takes away from what the genre is supposed to be about.So why is it especially messed up in this case? Well because they announced NOTHING about buying weapon crates until they went live with the sales. They let everyone think there would be no such thing and as thousands of people paid $20 or $40 for it, they finally put up this developers letter.This is flat out wrong. Don't buy this. Hell, I wouldn't even buy it if they went back on the decision to sell guns. Obviously it's a money grab. They know it's going to ruin the game but want to sell as many copies as they can before the game dies off.UPDATE: I bought the game ;p"
,Not Recommended,295110,14008792,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,BURSTING TESTICLE CANNON - ᶠᶸᶜᵏ⎠,"Back flip on pay to winservers only work if your in america or europe♥♥♥♥ this game , considerign use my one no question ask'd steam refund ."
,Not Recommended,295110,20531200,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,WillyJ,"This stupid game may be one of, if not the worst game in my library. Thats out of 109 games. I dont have much time in it yet, but from what I have played, its just terrible. Terrible in every sense of the word. The community is toxic and irritating. The servers are slow to respond. The hacking and exploitation is some of the worst i've ever seen. Also, this isn't a very good survival game. In fact, it is pushing the boundaries of a survival game in the sense that many servers have no zombies, and very few players. Only one of the servers is actualy heavily populated. The battle royale is the only appealing mode in this game, and it really isn't all the cracked up to be. I died once when an opposing player glitched/teleported through a fence I was in front of. I really, really wanted to like this game, but its difficult to like when you run around looking for zombies/players for half an hour and only find someone who wanted to sell me♥♥♥♥♥tunes, which according to him is like some sort of singing toothbrush called tooth tunes. I must admit I laughed pretty hard at this, but that is off topic. I just cannot find any redeeming factors in a game with two modes, one heavily depopulated (is that a word?), and one so overpopulated, its not fun, and extraordiary (think I spelled that wrong) laggy from a server perspective. It also looks like an Xbox 360 game from 2006, but runs worse than my grandma. My PC isnt great, but I have a gtx 750 ti, and is a bit appauling for a game developed with PC in mind. I will definately play more, and IF, emphasis on the if, I find something relatively (I hate grammar) fun, I will change my review.tl;drBad as a survival game, mediocre as a battle royale, bad servers, too many hackers, toxic players, a pretty bad PC port, and over all completly (Im not very good at this) unfun"
,Not Recommended,295110,35133989,Posted: 22 September,all,Rezurrection,just survive? more like kill self
76561198073460960,Not Recommended,295110,22257963,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,billy7g,Its alpha simly dont waste ur money for these thieves.just dont trustme -1/10
,Not Recommended,295110,30604934,Posted: 18 March,all,lumberjax,pure. garbage.
76561198004315360,Recommended,295110,14431091,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Dead1408,Dont understand how I dont get upset when I die in this game...
,Not Recommended,295110,19369199,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,40.,"Survival mode is just boring♥♥♥♥♥garbage with no replay value. This game was all hyped to be F2P and they now slipped that thought out of view from the public anymore. CTRL + M key will be your friend to deal with god awful trolls that think they are cute in the mic during the warmup lobby before BR's.Fu ck these cash grabbing @ssholes for making this game 20 bucks and not free to play as delcared before this game was released. Whos going to give a♥♥♥♥♥♥2 years later if this game is free, everyone will be suckered out of $20 by popular streamers acting like this game is gods gift. Ohh and then customers/kids with mama's C.C. will be suckered into H1Z2 alpha for $40 since it will be even more hyped. BR's are the only decent and replayable game mode with friends since they now do 2 player teams and 5 player teams. I give this game a 6 out of 10.I wrote this review in a good mood high and drunk so this♥♥♥♥♥♥is honest as hell. lol"
76561197994301957,Not Recommended,295110,22166454,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Hawktr,This is a scam cant play this. I already bought h1z1 early access now it says u need to buy again ? ffs what i paid for ?
,Not Recommended,295110,18909397,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,StaticMajor,No survival updates. Do not buy this game!
76561198120169508,Not Recommended,295110,21922869,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,GEDNAR,─────────────────────────▄▀▄ ─────────────────────────█─█ ─────────────────────────█─█ ─────────────────────────█─█ ─────────────────────────█─█ ─────────────────────────█─█ ─────────────────────────█─▀█▀█▄ ─────────────────────────█──█──█ ─────────────────────────█▄▄█──▀█ ────────────────────────▄█──▄█▄─▀█ ────────────────────────█─▄█─█─█─█ ────────────────────────█──█─█─█─█ ────────────────────────█──█─█─█─█ ────▄█▄──▄█▄────────────█──▀▀█─█─█ ──▄█████████────────────▀█───█─█▄▀ ─▄███████████────────────██──▀▀─█ ▄█████████████────────────█─────█ ██████████───▀▀█▄─────────▀█────█ ████████───▀▀▀──█──────────█────█ ██████───────██─▀█─────────█────█ ████──▄──────────▀█────────█────█ Look son ███──█──────▀▀█───▀█───────█────█ a cancer game! ███─▀─██──────█────▀█──────█────█ ███─────────────────▀█─────█────█ ███──────────────────█─────█────█ ███─────────────▄▀───█─────█────█ ████─────────▄▄██────█▄────█────█ ████────────██████────█────█────█ █████────█──███████▀──█───▄█▄▄▄▄█ ██▀▀██────▀─██▄──▄█───█───█─────█ ██▄──────────██████───█───█─────█ ─██▄────────────▄▄────█───█─────█ ─███████─────────────▄█───█─────█ ──██████─────────────█───█▀─────█ ──▄███████▄─────────▄█──█▀──────█ ─▄█─────▄▀▀▀█───────█───█───────█ ▄█────────█──█────▄███▀▀▀▀──────█ █──▄▀▀────────█──▄▀──█──────────█ █────█─────────█─────█──────────█ █────────▀█────█─────█─────────██ █───────────────█──▄█▀─────────█ █──────────██───█▀▀▀───────────█ █───────────────█──────────────█ █▄─────────────██──────────────█ ─█▄────────────█───────────────█ ──██▄────────▄███▀▀▀▀▀▄────────█ ─█▀─▀█▄────────▀█──────▀▄──────█ ─█────▀▀▀▀▄─────█────────▀─────█ ─█─────────▀▄──▀───────────────█﻿
,Not Recommended,295110,18483036,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,ItsRisky,u need to change the login because u have to buy the game when u get banned for no reason WTF
76561198077537199,Recommended,295110,16582927,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Menameselassie,Better alpha than DAYZ #noKappa
76561198064585309,Recommended,295110,15750112,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,r9sid9nt9vil,"I have logged 270 hours and still counting, this game is really good if you like survival type games, pvp or pve. They have the Battle Royal Addon from Arma 3 as well. I got my $19.99 worth about 250 hours ago and still enjoy playing this game.NOTE: This is an Early Access, so there are server and charactor wipes, bugs, glitches, hackers, trolls, and everything else that goes along with any ""Early Access""/ ""Alpha Build"". The Dev team is very, very interactive with the players and they are constantly fixing things the players are reporting, that being said, don't complain if you aren't helping report bugs and giving constructive feedback."
76561197983085224,Not Recommended,295110,14007752,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,anarky321,Pay 2 Win
76561198088244775,Not Recommended,295110,21005973,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Captain Falcon,"Remember when this was gonna be better than DayZ?Yeah well the devs just said forget it.Go back to DayZ. It's actually gonna be finished this year.EDIT: Sorry, It's coming out of ALPHA into BETA."
76561198214984860,Not Recommended,295110,15251976,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,AlienKFC,This game is ok but it really needs to be updated and stop the hackers from hogging all the resouces i have tried to survive on it but i gave up in the end as its fall of hackers yes i recommend this game but maybe wait untill there is like an update for the game that makes it better so people can survive more easier and the hackers well thats your problem so save your money untill there is a great update to make it more fun for you i spent 1hour and a half looking for supplies but never found any so don't wastle money on this untill that update is released or just don't borther buying it. One more thing i would like this game to make people host severs so i can play with just my friend and also so can you guys.
,Not Recommended,295110,22250929,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,shlind,"75% of the population knows where you are and has 100% aim and will raid you over night with unlimmited magical amount of bombs, oh shucks they guessed my loot room first try, every time we build anything."
,Not Recommended,295110,16036773,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Methfred,"edited review, WORST DEVS,♥♥♥♥♥♥GAME"
76561198069507539,Not Recommended,295110,19815442,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Schuttt,POS won't even launch
,Not Recommended,295110,20749169,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Hyper.H3H3,"My friend suggested me this game and i bought it. at the beggining this game was not enjoyable for me. Then i started playing Battle Royale and Zombie survival. That was okay and game was going good for me so far and then i came across the god damn hackers every and every game and of course im not forgetting about the major bugs like you can stuck inside the ground for ever and that happens randomly also if you crouch behind the wall then you have to walk somewhere else to get up otherwise you will be in the same position and if someone rush into you then you are most likely dead. Also this game is weird that creators of this game mostly thinks about getting money from somewhere and they always add a crate in every major updates (in a month generally). Besides, they must add a rank system that players can play on their god damn levels. I have 300 hours in this game and yesterday's night a guy who had 1239 hours in this game (he told me) just shot me 2 times from a really far distance and i was dead instantly and i tought that was an hacker and he said bla bla bla. So don't be suprised if you will die instantly by a shot from nowhere. GG"
,Not Recommended,295110,18900847,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Johnleaf,"They promised so many things. Go read some of the posts from when it was released. They recently tried to charge for some new BS green mist short BR gamemode. I'm done, survival has gotten no love and this game makes me feel gross for playing planetside 2."
,Not Recommended,295110,21013316,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,SushiPanda11,well normally I don't post bad reviews but this splitting the game into two different games is completly rediculus.
76561198069931926,Not Recommended,295110,16897002,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Guttruck,"Dont buy until it is complete.  I've had this from day one and it is completely ran by cheaters.  If you dont believe me then buy the game and hate yourself later for it.  Other than the cheating it is quite fun.  You'll enjoy yourself all the way until you get hit by an arrow, hide in a bathroom with no windows and only one point of entry just to somehow be hit by more arrows killing you and you remember...oh yea, this game is fun until I am killed by yet ANOTHER cheater."
,Not Recommended,295110,26601240,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Dephy,"THIS GAME IS SO BORING, I ALREDY REFUNDED!!! THANK YOU STEAM FOR ADDING THIS REFUND OPTION!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198062374009,Not Recommended,295110,24954647,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Azura.,"Got banned for no apparent reason , sent a ticket , and response was I cheated a year ago.Total gameplay time was 6 hours , didn't used third application program or cheats, now I can't login and play this game that I purchased and haven't touched.0/10 REGRET BUYING AND SUPPORTING THIS GAME ."
,Not Recommended,295110,21286911,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,GtaGamer222,Spliting the game into 2 ? charging 20 bucks each ? are you ♥♥♥♥ing kidding me ? I used to like this game but now ? Nope.it just became a cash grab.Don't encourage this kinda♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198043702999,Not Recommended,295110,18897474,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,HeroLight,"I used to love this game so much. But after the recent game-crashing/bug infested stuff that the company has been feeding us, I've given up.Everything about the game is amazing, from the setting, zombies, even the bare-bones base building. This game has the potential to trump every other apocalypse survival game out there. You could replace the zombies with chickens and it would still feel like a good survival game.I dislike how instead of focusing on Survival, where most of the player is, they decided to milk the cash-cow by having a large majority of the updates set for Battle Royale.Another thing is the sorry state survival is because they went that way. Hackers/game-breaking bugs are rampant across every server, draining all the fun out of the game.Until the dev team decides to go back to its roots and focus on survival and actually fix a lot of issues, this game will be a close example of War Z."
,Not Recommended,295110,17866426,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Koskodai,"it's an early access game but they are already filling their pockets with transactions instead of focusing in fixing the bugs.The battle royale for instance, by the time you land there`s already someone with a car and an AR-15 waiting for you in the ground , and what do they do to fix that ? CREATE A RASTA BACKPACK SKIN AND AN OUTBACK HAT !!When I bought I tought it was still a game by S.O.E. , now this game is no different than WARZ"
76561198093681640,Not Recommended,295110,18894190,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,icat 21314,"Very slow/Few updates spanning months and months.Survival game non-existant, only thing worked on is BR.If you like Battle Royal (its the most fun thing in this game) then buy it.Just don't buy this game thinking its a zombie survival game because its a cod-esque matchmaking deathmatch game."
76561198256312711,Not Recommended,295110,20986866,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,BigHoz,"Its difficult to like a game and not be able to play it, constant dcing  makes it a serious issue and super frustrating"
,Recommended,295110,14088531,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Fmlad,"Not pay to Win, after 'Day 2' patch.Rich Environments, featuring rural/forest/mountains/lakes & city explorationUnique and deep crafting system that allows you to not step into a town if you don't want.Loot is not a problem to find when looking hard enough + Devs are forever tweaking to add more loot.200 player servers is amazing and the map is big enough that you have some player interaction but not too muchDev team is passionate about the game and take a lot of suggestions and update regularly with player feedback"
76561197960961921,Not Recommended,295110,14035722,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,T_A_z*Qc*,If you like a game that should have been out in 2013 with minimal graphic minimal environnements if you like being hit by a zombie looking the other way ...well you found your game bro
,Not Recommended,295110,14011639,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Spedz,Awful p2w the devs don't deserve your money.
76561198100639955,Not Recommended,295110,15029242,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,The Rocket Man [BSKL],"All it is is KOS. They dont fix♥♥♥♥♥♥ever. They only focus on battle royale. Nobody talks or anything. Bases in PVE are over ♥♥♥♥ing ridiculous. Then they use the excuse ""Ohhh its in alpha"" to get away with EVERYTHING and never do♥♥♥♥♥♥ Hell i could go back to dayz and do this♥♥♥♥♥♥for free."
,Not Recommended,295110,14003144,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Mini,"I got G99 problems, but playing this game ain't one.Jk i haven't played shizz"
,Not Recommended,295110,21285290,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,DaltiniTheWeeni,"Look, honestly, I love this game, and I still want to love it, but, after this split and making Battle Royal its own $20 game, I just can't say it's a good game anymore. I've had H1Z1 for a long time, and I really, really, REALLY don't want to be like this, but, these devs are just ♥♥♥♥ing idiots. I'm sorry, but that's all I can say. Maybe if they fix this, it might get better. But, for now, the game and development team is going downhill."
76561198174523033,Not Recommended,295110,21282381,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Who Stole My Oreo ^.^,this game is goingto be♥♥♥♥♥♥because i might have to pay for a seperate br game from h1z1
,Not Recommended,295110,21283444,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Gay Bacon,"So you're telling me i payed 30 dollars for a♥♥♥♥♥♥game that was going to be F2P, but now i also have to pay 20 for two♥♥♥♥♥♥games that are not even as good as a F2P??? One that is literally a copy of an arma 3 game that is hardly better? Better put a ♥♥♥♥ing cherry on top.No, devs ya ♥♥♥♥ed up........................./´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\..."
,Not Recommended,295110,21008625,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Grimsy,"Its♥♥♥♥♥♥ but now you get to buy the♥♥♥♥♥♥twice to get the full game, companys will contunue to do this until gamers stop supporting these games"
76561198088162254,Recommended,295110,14029300,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Chief Moha,"well ill keep this short and list some features that i liked over DayZ.EDIT this quicly turned into a buyers guide. please click read more for all the infromationfrom what i have read  most people have given this a - review because of the airdrops and call it P2W please keep in mind that when someone calls in a airdrop, it has a rare chance to contain a weapon or ammo (and the devs are reducing the chance right now) the crate is droped in a and can be stolen by other players.       Now onto what i like more than in Dayz1. PvE ServersPvE servers are high on my list because when i was playing dayz i would get tired of being Killed on the spot 100% of the time.  Now with PvE servers you can Get the basics down learn how to play and make friends to team up with on PvP servers2. Over all the game is much smoother than DayZ this is no doubt because of SOE's assets. and this will only improve with time.3. Craftinghave you ever played DayZ and spent 5 hours running around only being able to hold a hand full of items? well in H1Z1 you can craft a small and simple backpack with 6 cloth (which can be taken from zombies) there are lots of stuff to craft on day 1 and they said that they plan to add new things all the time.4.discovering recipeswhen you go to your inventory you will see a Discovery Tab in this tab you can experiment with items you have in you bag to find new recipes, Recipes persist through death unless serever rules say otherwise5. A Filled mapThe world in H1Z1 is full of little towns, citys and farm houses in the country, unlike Dayz where you could run for an hour and not see a building. ( The devs have said they are going to upgradi the map size and add new houses towns and stuff over time)Now to further adress how some of  payed items work.1. Crates.Crates are account items that are earned through playing the game and require a key to open. when you open a crate you will get a random cosmetic overide ( for example i got a Camo backpack skin). You will never recive a weapon or anything of that nature from these crates. ( its also worth noting that these skins are not consumed on use)2.KeysKeys are used to open the crates i mentioned before and can only be obtained through the market place for 250 station cash ($2.50 each) you may also beable to get them from ranking high in Battle Royal event arena ( ill cover this next)3. TicketsTickets can be earned by playing the game or purchased for 100 station cash ($1.00). tickets are used to play on event servers such as Battle royal and give rewards depending on your rank in the event. rewards can be Crates more tickets and i think keys can also be earned this way but im not sure.4.AirDropsThis is the source of the P2W myth. Airdrops cost 250 station cash ($2.50) and cant be obtained any other way ( might beable to get them as a reward on a event server). the following is how they workyou call in the airdrop and a plane will drop a crate in a random area based on your location but not close to you. everyone that saw the plane will likly look into tracking it down before you. and the drop sites tend to spawn a good amount of zombies with it. These crate rarly drop guns or ammo ( and the devs said they are working on decreasing the odds even more)Now onto the highlight of my first day in H1Z1me and another guy reenacted how Men work... Man meets man, man wonders about other man... shows other man stick.. other man shows man a bigger stick. man gets upset... man and other man find something difrent than them (in this case a car) and beat it up because man dont understand"
76561198060719028,Not Recommended,295110,17731949,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Coolbreeze101b,"H1Z1 is a problematic cluster of hell.The goods: Knowing this is more simple then Dayz it made it much more easy to play, The Graphics are simple and smooth, very very small map compared to Day Z.  I had mix feelings about this.  I like that it was easy to find my buddies but usually when we would find our friends we would just get destroyed by players who have been playing who have had guns.  Battle Royal is pretty fun.  I didn't see many issues with that.The Bad: This game is just.......really bad in my opinion.  I commented liking the map size, what was good is that most of the time it was easy to navigate through.  The bad was that usually after twenty minutes of walking youd just die from another ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ player who has played way longer than you.  Another major problem with the game is remembering its a zombie game.  The only issue is that there are bairly any zombies at all.  None in cities, houses, anywhere.  This just seems like a giant game of Call of Duty including the Call of Duty fan base and little to no survival aspects.  The little issues I had was how repetative it was.  There are only about three types of weapons and you can never find them.Goods: Map size, Battle Royal, and Simple controls for a survival game.Bads: No Zombies, other players, bad gameplay, no desire to keep moving forward.in conclusion if you are looking for a good survival zombie game id say just get Dayz.  It has many different types of game modes and servers, the followers aren't too bad, and the map is massive."
,Not Recommended,295110,21613600,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,HODL just wait 2 weeks,Thanks for letting me refund this♥♥♥♥♥♥game!Daybreak ♥♥♥♥ you
76561197978988394,Not Recommended,295110,25016761,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,BodyCount,"Frist off I have been playing this game from day one its came out over a year ago and not much has changed the development has been veary veary slow tons of bugs. The develpment team cares more about there H1Z1 KingOfTheHill more so the survial game gets but on back burner all the time. So sad could have been a cool game :(dear developers....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\.."
,Not Recommended,295110,24915053,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Venom Dax,"This game had promise when it first came out, months went by; and the developers decided to split their game into two clients. The move was a bad one, they still advertise this as a zombie survival yet only focus on the arena style ""battle royale"". The survival portion is so heavily bugged; has been like that since release.Exploding buggy cars that are so fragile you'd think they were made of paper mache, ESPing hackers, and a hastily put together base construction system that will make you tear your hairout.TLDR; Really is not worth your time. Take your money somewhere else. Try 7 Days To Die, or Miscreated."
,Not Recommended,295110,17649917,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Igor Vladimir Slavinski,"This game has many issues regarding the accounts.If you forget you're password or username and change them it will not allow you to run the game nor play it.When i try to play the game the game throws me out and puts me on the internet where there's a post saying 'We're sorry, it looks like you are trying to play the game using a different daybreak account then was originally used when you bought early access' Even tho its the same account i used when i bought the game and i just changed the password and it wont allow me to play the game.If this is a bug please fix it i would really like to spend a lot more time in this game playing with my friends.But other then that this is a great game really love it it has great features."
,Recommended,295110,14063809,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Vince,"The gripes people had with this game at launch were all reasonable. However, just a couple days after launch things have already improved vastly. This is great fun, and still just in alpha, I'm excited to see what the future holds for H1Z1."
76561198018626437,Not Recommended,295110,14950134,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Baal,"This game has some potential, just as literally every other zombie survival game does. However it falls flat exactly where every other zombie survival game does; the hackers. Countless times I've seen people run through buildings, teleport, go invisible and punch/slash my whole team to death, use bottomless clips. I'd personally stay away from this, as that was my original intention, but decided I'd give it a shot because it's only 20 dollars and I had just gotten my paycheck. If you are looking for a new game in this genre because of the hacker problems in the other games, just avoid it. If you are looking to make this your first dive into the genre, also avoid it. Hopefully with any luck they will find a solution to the hackers, but right now it's just getting worse and worse. If you do decide to get it, play during the day on a medium population server. There are far fewer there, as they get to ""troll"" less people."
76561198014707176,Not Recommended,295110,17861062,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,F l e и и y,♥♥♥♥ this game totally. just randomly removed access from my account and the same happend to my friend like 2 weeks ago. ♥♥♥♥ing daybreak♥♥♥♥♥♥ seriously how can u just remove access from an account?!
76561198076097673,Not Recommended,295110,30020178,Posted: 18 February,all,Ｌｌｏｙｄ Ａｖｅｒｙ ＩＩ 🙈🙉🙊™,":The type of player who loves to play H1Z1 nowadays ....─────███────██──────████───███────────████──███─────────████─█████████████──██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████─────█████████████████────────██████████──█───────────█████──────────────████──────────────█────────▄███████▄██───███▄▄──▄▄███──────▄██$█████$██▄██──█▀───▀███────█───▄██$█████████$██▄██──█───█──██───█─█──█$█████████████$███──█──────██─────█──███████████████████──██────██▀█───█─────██████████████─█───██████──▀████───────███████████──────────────────█───────█████████─────────────▀▀████──────███████████────────────────█▀──────██───████▀─▀█────────────────▀█──────█─────▀█▀───█──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄────────██────█───████▀───██─█████████████────▀█──█───███▀──▄▄██─█▀██▀██▀████▀█████▀──█───██████▀─▀█─█────────█▄─────────██───████▀───██""I LOVE SPENDING MONEY ON SKINS""─██▄████▄──██────────██───██──▄▄▄██──██▄▄▄▄▄██▀─────────██──█████▀───█─────────███────────███████▄────███────────███████─────█████████████───────▄██████████████████████████████─██████████████████─────────██████████████────────███████████───────█████──────████─────████ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀▀█▀▀ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ█ㅤ▄█ㅤ█▀▀ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ█ ㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█▀▀▄ ㅤ█▀▀ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀ㅤ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀ㅤ▀ㅤㅤ▀ㅤ▀▀▀█▀▄▀█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ█▀▄▀█ ▄▀▀▄ █▀▀▄ █▀▀ █ ㅤ █ㅤ██─▀─█ㅤ█▄▄█ㅤㅤ █─▀─█ █ ㅤ █ █ ㅤ █ █▀▀ █▄▄█ㅤ██ㅤㅤ █ㅤ▄▄▄█ㅤ ㅤ█ㅤㅤ█ ─▀▀ ─ ▀ ㅤ ▀ ▀▀▀ ▄▄▄█ㅤ▄THANK YOU DAYBREAK FOR RUINING THE REAL H1Z1 -l-  -l-  -l-"
76561198024547382,Not Recommended,295110,17084886,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Rodef,"Not a fair game. you play a loooooong time, spend a lot of hours of your life trying to bulid a nice base, stuff and finding cars. After this, one day, you are going to enter and discover that you lost all of it, because a bunch of kids blow your doors and stole everything, too easy if you are not there defending it 24 hs. a day. We build a lot of bases with my friends, and always the same, im not going to spend more time with this game, they have to solve this bug or think in an alternative. TRUST ME !!!"
,Recommended,295110,14798927,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,★ ＨｉＰＦｉＲＥＤ,"I would like to start this off by saying THIS GAME IS NOT PAY TO WIN. Anyone who has said this is just misinformed or just haven't played the game.That said this game is in alpha as of writing this review. It still need tons of work for a full release.ProsTons of fun with friendsConstant updates since releaseBattleRoyale Is one of the best times everConsBugs (its in alpha)Hackers (The devs are working on this)The game can be frustrating at points when Killed on siteConclusionThis game is in alpha and the bugs/hacks are going to a part of this, but the constant updates and bug fixes from the devs are helping. I find myself coming back to play this game, and find myself laughing and having fun more than getting frustrated with bugs and hackers.-HiPFiREDIf you liked this review or want to see more recommended games, be sure to follow our curator group:Follow Original Curator GroupCheck out the Original Network Groups. Win free games, make new friends on Steam, & more!Original Curators Group,Original Traders Group, &Original Giveaways Group"
76561198160266227,Not Recommended,295110,18920232,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Repocus,"When I bought this game it was great, good updates, good progress.Don't even bother buying this game right now for survival, it is all about BR atm. Just take a look on the patchnotes how much they focus on BR instead of survival. Wich shouldn't be since the game is being sold as a survival. Way to go.."
76561198124633002,Not Recommended,295110,15903229,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,10A,外挂满天飞 封号 对中国人和老外还有区别对待  这个游戏就是拼谁的挂牛逼 如果你不想你努力了好几天的家被外挂洗劫一空 就千万别买这个傻逼游戏
,Not Recommended,295110,21376071,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,DanReezY,DONT BUY THIS GAMEThey say it will be free then they split 1 game into 2 games wow !!
76561198027944360,Not Recommended,295110,25066700,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Dracon,Game changed all items into non-marketable scamming us legal items owners. I recommend not to buy this game since devs don't care about content and just want more money from cases.Game went to♥♥♥♥♥♥after sony sold it out.
76561198127324978,Not Recommended,295110,14929050,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,NathMate,"first thoughts were really good about this game, you scavenge more then dayz, better crafting emnus an all. you find loot make shelter and have fun playing with friends.then it came to every person you see would shoot you or try to kil you. spawn in with nothing find someone then you get shot for saying hi.whats worse it people only look for guns and ammo then go around killing everyone they see, not a very fun game at all to play."
,Not Recommended,295110,20803420,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Loop187,"iV GOT A HELL OF ALOT OF KNOWLEDGE ON COMPUTER GAMES 25YEARS EXP AND IM TELLING YOU.....""SAVE YOUR MONEY""!!!!Its crap,full of hackers and really not worth 14p let alone £14!simple"
,Not Recommended,295110,35146175,Posted: 23 September,all,Sqdrn69.Kris,♥♥♥♥THIS GAME !! BRING BACK THE OLD MAP!!
76561198121664125,Recommended,295110,18239088,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,sithchaos,"Great game, 3 different modes of play.Never had any problems with it at all.As far as i am concerned, this is the best so far in the pool of the Zombie survival genre, yes the game still needs a more content added and tuned, however it has enough to be absorbing and fun solo or in a group.8.5/10"
,Not Recommended,295110,16033435,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,BrightwindInk,"As much as I loved this game at first, I quickly began to come across issues (besides the usual trolls you find in 99.99% of the internet it seems) I'm aware it's still in Alpha so I hope the following issues are fixed:- Wolves glitching through, well about everything, mostly doors.- Punji Stick Recipe, too easy to grab stick and throw them everywhere like a hoarder throws around his items. Maybe require some sort of knife or took to create them.- Zombies running even after an arrow lands between their brows. (very rarely ran into this problem but it is there. )- No way to set spawn. Yes, I get this can be exploited heavily but there's gotta be a way to make a spawn marker inside one's own base. I'm sure that can be done one way or another.Overall it's a fun game, once these issues have been fixed I'll gladly flip this around and give it a thumbs up. Keep up the work developers, you'll get it soon enough. (i hope o-o )"
76561198150469074,Not Recommended,295110,20390339,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Thecoolman23,sucks
,Not Recommended,295110,14012336,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Swiss Army,They changed the the air drop system in a postive way. I still feel cheated. As your able still to get guns from air drops and materials. Being told it was purely cosmetic then releasing and going back on thier word is greasy imo.That being said the game is nice and smoth not clunky. The crafting system is very well done. Also got to give it to em for the speed in which they are patching bugs etc.
76561198073065595,Not Recommended,295110,28985876,Posted: 3 January,all,Matraguna,Hackers and exploits made the game unplayable
,Not Recommended,295110,20981823,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,SubCity,"This game has a lot of potential, don't get me wrong. The gameplay is pretty good and Battle Royale is crazy fun. After this game was released over a year ago it has not made that much progress development wise. Then today they announced thaty they will be splitting the game into two seperate games that people will have to buy seperatly..... Who does that? Why would you split a game in half and charge the same price for it? Honestly, if Daybreak wants to lose customers this is how they do it. Good bye Daybreak."
,Not Recommended,295110,19276706,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,ASS BLUES,"I would play this game more (550+ hours) if it wasn't so damn buggy. Also, no antialising. I've tried through drivers, game settings.ini, and 3rd party game plugins. Nothing works without serious graphical bugs.Still in ""Alpha"" but like others have said, BR is too big. Many servers have giant clans in any decent place on the map. I like the 3-5 man squads. I have my few friends I met while playing whom I have teamed up with for a long time.It is very difficult to play in any decently populated server with all the exploits giant clans can make.I checked out one of the big clans and by that experience it seems every giant clan has a few cheaters (pay hacks) in it and the rest of them know it.Good luck playing with cheaters. I don't mind micro transactions. Companies need to make money, pay employees, taxes, ect."
,Not Recommended,295110,21289953,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,JNVertex,Whoever thought this was a good idea needs to neck themselves. ♥♥♥♥ Daybreak.
76561197981610768,Not Recommended,295110,17659923,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,IntrudeR,"most irritateing game company , try to played game for a few weeks , no problem apart from the many updates , now unable to get access to the game says wrong password or user name did the usual mail exchange told me the same password , e-mail and user name I have allways had , tried to join game again still same reply wrong user name or passwordthis game developer is beyond belief ...askes you to contact them , then askes for you to sign in with your password and username , no wonder there trying to create Zombie games , there's surely a few zombies in there company , I have deleted the game so no more problems , you can keep my purchase money and perhaps add it to an educational fund , but do leave out and gameing education you just dont have the abilities ..."
,Recommended,295110,14170686,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,BigWelshMike,"I'll be honest... I'm not even sure I've written a review for a game on Steam before but here we go. My girlfriend and I kept on eyeing up the survival games (like Forest, Rust, 7 Days to Die, Day Z, etc) and nothing was really ticking enough boxes to make us commit. Day Z was receiving an enormous amount of bad reviews (here on Steam) and that put us off. They were well constructed and explained why people were unhappy.So, hopefully you've read the user reviews about how H1Z1 isn't Pay2Win and they're right. Whatever the initial trouble was has completely gone. Add to that that we don't hear many airdrops anyway.We joined a quiet UK (EU) server and it's been riveting stuff. A quiet weekend morning meant that I had my pick of loot. Good to keep in mind. However, when it gets a bit busier things become more dangerous and potentially more rewarding. Sure, you're going to get caught out with the KoS (Kill on Sight) brigade but stick with it. Rule of thumb: if they don't reply on comms with something ""normal"" sounding within two seconds, be prepared for the brown stuff to hit the fan. Fear not, though, as there are friendly folk around and we've met a good handful or two on the server.If you go to the towns, things are going to kick off but the tension is wonderful as you sneak through the streets avoiding anyone who's managed to secure a working vehicle. Damn, it's exciting stuff when they're patrolling the towns looking for trouble.Get to know your surroundings - it will take some time - and 'Craft' yourself to be a more serious threat. If you're playing this on your own, I'd definitely recommend trying to befriend people. If you're with a few online chums then dive right in! So far, so heart-thumpingly good.NB. It's in Early Access still so be prepared for folks to employ some sneaky workarounds that will give them an advantage from time-to-time. Thankfully, it hasn't stopped us having an absolute blast."
76561198006986338,Recommended,295110,14054611,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Cowkiller,"first off if your expecting a full blow polished game than this game is 100% not for u. this game is in pre alpha and has bugs. if your into  testing a pre alpha  of a sand box world like SWG  then this game is for u. only if u like  bugs and server crashes.( these will be fixed in time )ok next  up will your pc workhttp://www.systemrequirementslab.com/cyrigreat site for finding out if your pc can handle the game before u buy itand next up is this games  min requirement is  win 7 64 version  not  32  if your win 7  is 32  it will not work!!!!!  an no crying in forums that  it doesn't work  its a posted  factram  they say 4gb  will run game  it will  but it be laggy  6-8gb  ram is a must   do to the dev team loves rain  and game rains  90% of timethe game is made to be  Very dark  there are no gamma settings  your to blindly bump into trees  bears and zombiesto fix this u have a  flash light  and u can craft torches  ( 1 branch + scrap  cloth + animal fat = torchif on a pvp server this is also a  HAY  im here  kill me item !!!now the fun facts  this game is made by  SOE the makers of SWG  the game has a small map at this time 64 square Km  but before launch  will be alot bigger  they posted  want 1600 by 1600 km  but no set date for that  yetthe game is fun  im not a pvp  player but haveing to  run a way from a zombies  while dodgeing arrows  is something new and is funcrafting is also fun and will only grow  as game get worked onsoe did a  very good job with weather   it can  sprinkle rain to heavy  ground soaking  down pores, to sunny and hot  but then start snowingsnow in this game is a FIRST !!!!!!!!when it starts snowing the ground start  slowly turning  white  and it starts building up to about a foot of snow  this also lands on   bushes  and trees to  vehicals   this make the game  look  like a winter timethey plan to add  tracks  both players,  vehicals, zombies and npcsalso snow and heavy  rain will make the ground slippry ( not added yet but in works )is this game worth  buying  now :  NOif your not into  dealing with bugs  or game crashes then no this game not for u  no point in buying  a game u not find funif your into seeing how SOE and the game changes  over time to release  then  YESbut conplaning on  why  u can't get into game or    this or that is pointless.can't play use the game  support  forumshttps://forums.station.sony.com/h1z1/index.php"
,Not Recommended,295110,35350346,Posted: 30 September,all,Gun5❤,Clickbait trailer
76561198062803641,Recommended,295110,32277970,Posted: 8 June,all,Michasan,"Despite all the issues with the game, I still think it has the potential to be a great game. It's not a boring game, the developers just gave up on it after the split, and didnt update the game anymore."
,Not Recommended,295110,20459367,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Ｓａｉｚｕ,"| Dismantle ALL (bullets)| Use ALL (bottles)| Friendly ARROWS (????) I can't see arrows inside cars/through windows and from a certain distance.Cmon guys, you are pushing out massive updates and touch-ups but these simple things are still not fixed..We are spending more time refilling bottles and dismanteling bullets then we are playing the game.Help us out here!"
76561197978263328,Not Recommended,295110,22330368,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Strep,Wow. What happened. This games development went south. It is out of control. There are wolves every 50 feet. Barely any zombies. This is sad.
,Not Recommended,295110,29476774,Posted: 24 January,all,TheJoester,"The game is ruined by cheats. Otherwise really fun game but, the hacking is so blatent that it is pathetic they arent banned within minutes.Fix the following Cheats:-Magic Bullet-Invisible people spying/Car despawning/melee to death by invisible person.-invicibility-AutoaimYou can tell when your playing against someone who is cheating and someone who is not. The fact that it is tolerated so much is the problem.If you buy this game just be ready for some total BS moments."
,Recommended,295110,14133664,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Dante Izzard,"-Playing with 3 randoms who were friendly-Overhear two others that were saying ""We'll tell them we're friendly and then we shoot them""-We hide and kill them both10/10 gave me reasons to have trust issues."
,Not Recommended,295110,21285406,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,It's Free Real Estate,"i payed early for a F2P game and now theyve decided to money ♥♥♥♥♥ this♥♥♥♥♥♥out.   not only did they split the game, but if you bought early access for battle royale, their most popular mode, you have to rebuy that to play.kys devs"
76561198028659608,Not Recommended,295110,14009283,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Vim,The login simulator 2015. Fun at stages.
76561198028247655,Not Recommended,295110,14927018,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Jimaneh,"I would not recommend this game to any who is looking for a rich, story driven, or MMORPG.  The game is very boring which starts you out in the middle of woods with basically just a flashlight.  The point of the game is survive, but you are basically in the middle of nowhere.  I finally found some homes and gas stations, but no npc or other players in sight.  You randomly get attacked and killed by bears which is pretty lame.  The game gets boring real quick and isn't even fun if your looking for a sandbox.  I would not recommend this game and this is coming from a gamer with an open mind."
76561197971443627,Not Recommended,295110,14929570,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,KEEPwalking,"If Dayz and H1Z1 combine to one game, would be FUC-KIN great. If not it's just another waste of time game.End of Story!!!"
,Not Recommended,295110,21307520,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,✪ spearsj,Cash Grab
76561198042896934,Recommended,295110,14054603,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,3146616134812303471,"This game is amazing and I've enjoyed every second of it. Anyone that has left a negative comment was complaining over the loot spawn (fixed), purchasable items and not being able to get into a server (fixed). This game is in early access so it has some minimal flaws but they aren't game breaking."
,Not Recommended,295110,21285587,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Dolphinnn SuperiorServers.co,"I'm not sure who's brain-♥♥♥♥ed decision over at AuTISTStudios it was to split the game into two, only to charge the previous purchasers of the game another 20 dollars so they can play the only half that they really bought the game for. This is why I lynch black people in my backyard."
76561198138225499,Not Recommended,295110,21286140,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Nicx274,"For all of you guys and gals that are looking into buying this game, let me stop you where you are. DO NOT BUY H1Z1. It will be a waste of money. In the begining, the game was magnificent. And in certian aspects it still is. However, when the developers realized how many people started buying tickets for battle royal, a deathmatch game mode where the prizes are very good, they turned into any classic F2P game. It turns into a Pay to Play, or you get nowhere in the game. And im sure as most of the experienced players on steam know, as soon as F2P game developers get a Phat Wallet from micro purchases, they look up to Donald Trump. Penny pinching, lazy greedy tycoons who want your money. And what happens to F2P games that turn to The Dark Side? Look at Fallen Earth, Face of Mankind, and The Repopulation for example. Great games for sure. But after 2-3 years of sucking every penny that you, the player, are willing to give them, THE GAME DIES. Think of it like an exponential graph. At first, a few people here and there stop playing. But the amount goes up dramatically until all that is left is the players who spent $$$$$$$$$$ in the game. But eventually they stop playing because nobody else even looks the game up. Moral of my review? F2P games are good in the begining, but dont expect them to last for long. My advice is to find a game that isnt F2P, you pay $30-$60 to buy it, and enjoy. Because in the end you will spend less money. This is all just my own opinion, however, if you will notice, the user review is mixed. about 6 months ago, it was very good. Take a look at all the review, not reading them but looking at the thumb up/down and see from the begining how they go from blue to mixed to red. Hope this was helpfull"
76561198089840916,Not Recommended,295110,18398138,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,RangaSaurusRex,"I would strongly advise against buying this game. The servers are not moderated and the developers clearly do not care about the state of the game. I have been reporting same group of hackers for 2 weeks now and they have not even had the decency to reply to any of my emails.Tonight this same group of hackers are raiding our base, and we cant get within 200m of the base because of ESP and speed hacks.I warn anyone considdering this game, to forget it and play something... ANYTHING else. There is no point in buying it as it is unplayable. DO NOT FUND THESE PARASITES!!!"
,Recommended,295110,14015122,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,M E D I U M S A L A D,"Patience Simulator 2015Initial Launch was such a flop, very poorly planned.Wait all day and then when I'm just about to go to bed after waiting all day then I get in.Stay up 3 ours later than I should have so I can play the game I played for.Enjoyed the current play time I have gotten on there so far.This is ALPHA Early Access and I will review with that in mind.Initial launch honestly wasn't suprised that there were the hiccups that they had but at the same time don't release the damn EA if you can't even log into the damn thing. Was not very happy with that.Initial play time was quite enjoyable, most players I ran into were quite friendly and for the most part people were all helping each other.Game seemed to run pretty smoothly for me at Ultra settings (put to high because I honestly thought it looked better that way).Few servers having lag issues but again that is to be expected with an Alpha game.I do not own DayZ and did not play WarZ, I have played Nether and Infestation and some other sort of related games and to be honest there really isnt much that is that special (yet).Definitely needs a lot of work, things need to be adjusted, pretty much everything you should expect from a game in this stage.Yes there are plenty of things I could go on more but I purchased this with full knowledge this is not a finished game or even close to a finished game therefore my complaints really would have to wait until a full release is done.I will recommend this for a better game and for doing everything which is the purpose of EA (testing of the game)."
,Not Recommended,295110,23714101,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Lando Tucker,░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░DAYBREAK░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░DEVS░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░▄H1Z1▄░░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░
76561198096587353,Not Recommended,295110,34339768,Posted: 18 August,all,Foss,"The game started out great. With the latest release it has turn into complete garbage. The map looks decent but is not finished in the slightest. Static plots are not what anyone wants to see. It was a lazy attempt to fix server performance issues. Also they added a safe zone..like that is realistic. Can you say bite off of infestation survival stories? In game currency to buy your static plot? Needless to say this is not the game i originally purchased and is a disgrace to the vision the game once had. i would NOT reccomend anyone trying this game in its current form. The developers CLAIM to listen to player feedback. But, considering the feebback they have recieved you would think they would scrap the current version they are trying to roll out and go back to the original version."
,Not Recommended,295110,34342199,Posted: 18 August,all,Kyoujin Anei,"I was really excited about the new update and the new map.. at least, until it came out. It has ruined the game and made it incredibly boring and there's just no reason to play now.One of the worst parts is.. you can't play the old map. Instead, you're forced to play an incredible small, almost completely desolate map that is so boring it's not even funny.. there's no lootable buildings or other cool stuff, aside from a military compound that serves as a safe zone. It wouldn't be as bad if we could still play the old map while they continue to work on the new map, but for whatever reason they won't let us.There's plenty more wrong. They changed stuff that really didn't need to be changed. The new crafting system sounded like they made it easier, but somehow they made it annoying and not entertaining at all.There's just.. nothing positive I can say about this game now. It was never perfect, but I had fun with it from time to time. If you haven't bought this game.. stay away from it. There's plenty of other fun games to play. Go play the mod for Arma 2, DayZ Overpoch, which has hundreds of guns, crafting, currency and traders, missions, base building and more. This game is a joke in comparison.I do not understand what they are thinking. This has nothing good for PvP or PvE. If you want PvP, go play PUBG or H1Z1 King of the Hill. If you want PvE, there's literally really nothing rewarding or fun now in the game to warrant playing it.If they somehow fix this game I'll update my review, but I don't see it getting much better. Who knows, maybe they'll understand how big they messed up and do a rollback before the new update but.. I have a feeling they're too stubborn to do that. The game has been in Early Access since 2015, and they just practically started over and turned it into a mess that's so INCREDIBLY BORING."
76561198026318760,Not Recommended,295110,35352473,Posted: 30 September,all,Tilt,a brilliant and fantastic game gone to♥♥♥♥♥♥cause the devs are toss pots :)dont buy this game...
76561198200645466,Not Recommended,295110,21283589,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,rabbin is gone this is aydin,The game just joined team10 maybe thats why it turned to♥♥♥♥♥
76561198311548438,Not Recommended,295110,28821724,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,jquick1818,Got really bored really fast...
76561198006616845,Not Recommended,295110,14010753,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,MiTaKa,"The game is not worth buying for now.1. The servers and the game itself are very unstable and it may take you some time before you even get to play.2. Its pay to win and do not be misled by the clame ""Aircraft drops are very hard to get"". They drop on the player and you can get stuff like guns and ammo (For example i got shot by a dude with a m16 in 10min or so)3. Most places dont have any loot at all. Its kinda like in the warz alpha where  most spawn points just were not added.4. Zombies are broken. They wont attack most of the time. The best they do is they run to your last location and only attack if you hit them and stay very close to them.5. Most of the things like animals and ect. are just the same as the zombies.I am sorry but when you use an early acces game to drain money from players with microtransactions there has to be something wrong with you. In short you pay for stuff that prob wont work anyway just so you can lose it. This type of plan doesnt go well with survival type mmos.I even remember an interview with the devs . They went on and on how you wont be able to buy guns and ammo.....And pls do not be misled by all the positive reviews. Bother to read them firs and you will see that most of them are joking so things are a lot worst in fact."
,Not Recommended,295110,18888134,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,SlashedAsteroid,"I have to be honest I had high hopes for this game, At first It was super enjoyable. Then came Battle Royale the whole point of the game has been tossed aside and an additional gamemodes has become their priority.1/10 don't buy."
,Not Recommended,295110,21033895,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,BurntPancake,"Fun game,but it will be splitting into 2 games.Splitting into 2 games is just going to seperate the weak playerbase even more than it already is.The devs seem like they have no idea what they want the game to be anymore,so they split the game and,in a way,have given up on what the game was supposed to be,a zombie survival game."
76561198054213260,Not Recommended,295110,18901025,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,BodyBag,"Ok I'm going to be brutally Honest about this game.Pros  - fun to play with friends-base builing is fun-battle royal is funCons -Hackers, Hackers everywhere, so many hackers devs dont care-Devs lie about putting alot of effort into catching hackers when there are hackers that have been using the same                  account for months, they made a video saying that they will win over the hackers, this is a lie-the community is filled with little butthurt racist pigs-Did I mention the hackers that no-one can stop, oh and if they do get banned they easily get another account that  lasts for ages because the devs are only relying on players to video the hackers and send it in which requires you to have esp to see these hackers cheating.-when you die you have to run from a random ♥♥♥♥ed up spawn location which takes you ages, or ages to even get  a spawn close to your base"
,Not Recommended,295110,18898465,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,retro manga,"The survival aspect of this game is horrendous and has shown only the smallest steps toward improvement in the (almost) year it has been 'early access'. . . DO NOT BUY THIS GAME FOR SURVIVAL!The battle royale aspect of this game, however, is immensely fun at first. But... You'll eventually grow tired of the bugs, exploits, cheaters, desync, hit registry issues, crashing, etc.Honestly, this game looks like it will either be 'early access' forever or be pushed to release in an unfinished state. Caveat emptor."
76561198034756154,Not Recommended,295110,21027461,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Mjødlyfe,"♥♥♥♥ing glitchfest piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game. It's fun, but it's absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198137664736,Not Recommended,295110,20981902,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,petpp1,first ever review so lets get down to it now im not just someone who stumbled  onto H1Z1 been with H1Z1 from day 1 and been  following it even longer not going to say i did not have some fun times in the game i did have some fun times but the game is madness the hackers are unbelievable on here only reason i still play is when friends ask me to i just can't say no the glitches are op to but i did sign up for this with Early Access did not think it could get this bad now when im talking about this most is about the pvp mode not br mode br has glitches but i dont run into hackers much in that i have before  with this new update information and them going back on there word about the game being free even though i know free would bring even more hackers your word is your word so keep it  as you can tell by my hours in game i would say (DONT GET H1Z1) game was 20 dollars when i got it there turning the  battle royale mode and survival mode into 2 different games each will be 20 dollars so i paid 20 dollars for both ill pay 20 for each yup -____-  games just a big cash grab as of now
76561197982859750,Not Recommended,295110,35250511,Posted: 27 September,all,AmaNiTus,Do not buy. Unelss you enjoy running around in a 1km x 1km sized forest with nothing in it. Unless they bring back the old map this game is as good as dead. And its obvious the devs want this game to die and therefore just ruined it for everyone.
76561198070079516,Not Recommended,295110,18898621,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,reKer,Used to be a great game until Daybreak took over and shifted the focus onto BattleRoyale mode and turned the game into a cash grab littered with microtransactions.
,Not Recommended,295110,18899825,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Rickest Rick,"only buy this game if you want a bug filled 3rd person shooter. The only game mode that is worth playing has no zombies, no survival aspects nothing of what this game was supposed to be. If you like the sound of a 100 person third person Call of Duty deathmatch, please go ahead and enjoy this game. I wish I could give you my copy."
76561198105174806,Not Recommended,295110,30764565,Posted: 26 March,all,Sfin,"Fun game with tons of potential but lacks dev support and its overrun with hackers, mostly aim botters from what i've seen. Me and my brother couldnt go into a city without coming out of a building and imediately being headshot by a sniper."
76561198004846031,Recommended,295110,14038079,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Arthur,'Early access' is a difficult concept to grasp for many.
,Recommended,295110,14082882,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,( ˘ ɜ˘) ♬♪♫,"Not Pay2Win. Great potential. Having a lot of fun on it.Devs communicate a lot, release patches on a regular basis.I do recommend the game, but if you can't accept bugs and missing/wonky features, wait for the proper final release."
76561198146944656,Not Recommended,295110,17862672,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,lnembs179,"Randomly one day the game wouldn't let me play until I created an account. I created an account and now every time I try to play the game gives me an error. You won't be able to get very far in PVP unless you have like 4 friends and pay real life money for gear. The game is really buggy and often crashes randomly, causing you to log back in dead."
,Not Recommended,295110,29985903,Posted: 17 February,all,Rex,The devs only work on KOTK because of Twitchwill change my review when you give new map
76561197962857930,Not Recommended,295110,14887037,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,-2d- SxSnipeR,"Turns out I HATE survival games. Oh look I spent hours and hours trying to find ANYTHING yet I got this dog food, which I'll probably have to eat. Oh no I've been killed, better spend another few hours finding nothing. Tried to get refund but missed the dead line by a few minutes, so got denied, not impressed.  Should have been try before you buy, if I went to the supermarket and bought some cheese and it was terrible quality, I could take it back. Why not on steam?"
76561198006527231,Not Recommended,295110,14844201,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Dr.Buddha,"Fact of the matter is, you can't sit down for a SINGLE session of this game without something breaking or going wrong. You join a server and a hacker noclips next to you and kills you. You join a battle royal and the game crashes or the screen goes blank...This game was buggy at launch but at least it was PLAYABLE! Now it is not. Development is going BACKWARDS!  But thanks devs for allowing us to break furnaces now... 30 seconds before a hacker shoots us in the back of the head and places another one in the same place..."
,Recommended,295110,14609942,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Raddoz,"H1Z1 is in a pretty good condition considering that H1Z1 is currently in Alpha state.If I had to choose between the 2 well-known early access titles, either DayZ or H1Z1, I would choose H1Z1. Hands down.H1Z1 currently is in a lot, LOT better state than DayZ is, considering the fact that DayZ has been in a early access alpha state for a year already, and H1Z1 was just released.H1Z1 is totally playable and also it runs quite nicely even though you might not have the latest hardware inside your computer case. But do remember that this game is in alpha state, but so far it has received many updates already.This game also includes a micro-transaction system in it. You pay real money to receive some little things that this game has in it's marketplace, but H1Z1 isn't Pay-to-win at all, the things that you can buy from the marketplace either give youa little advantage, or it's just cosmetics. NO WEAPONS, but airdrops that you can buy when it drops down it has a small percentage chance on dropping a weapon, neither is it guaranteed that YOU get the airdrop you called in, all the players are eager to get near the dropzone, so be careful!TL;DR: For an early access Alpha, it's in a pretty good condition and is totally playable. 8½/10"
76561198043996867,Not Recommended,295110,14004473,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Biggus Dickus,I think I'd have to give it G99/10
76561198044259790,Recommended,295110,14378845,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Spaghetti and meatballssssss,"Hello.I've played H1Z1 for about 70 - 80 hours now.Here is my review about the game.Adventures are awesome. Wether you're a friendly traveler or a armed to the teeth kill on sighter. The opportunities are endless.I've met quite a lot of players who were hostile, of course. The game could be fun wandering through the woods alone.But it's way more fun if you're playing it with your friends or with players you've met on the road.The interactions with other players are hilarious at some times. For example the weird things said through the microphone, they could have you laughing out loud and resulting in making a new friend.Hackers?I've heard some things about hackers. In the game and read it on reddit(www.reddit.com/r/h1z1).But I haven't seen someone seriously hacking. At least, not that I was aware of.Bugs and exploits?There has been some ""Duping"" bugs and exploits. But the developers are seriously working on these bugs and are punishing the ones exploiting those bugs. The developers of H1Z1 are great in this.Patches and fixes?The game patches quite often, they happen to fix bugs really fast.Is it worth it? Yes it is! It's totally worth the money, since you're helping the developers improve the game.I didn't regret a bit of my twenty euros spent on H1Z1.Battle Royale, Fun?For the ones who are unknown with Battle Royale. It is a gamemode within H1Z1 which could easily be described as Hunger Games.Basically you get dropped in the sky with a parachute, you're getting yourself a gun, kill everyone on sight and the last survivor wins.I did manage to win once. But yeah, it wasn't easy.Pay to win????I've heard quite a lot of complains about H1Z1 being Pay to win. This is absolutely not true.Ofcourse. You can buy yourself a Airdrop ticket and call it in. But the downside of this is that you'll be flooded by other players with most of the time not even receiving your own called in Airdrop. Quite unfair but yeah, it happens.Part from that, the crate which being dropped is random. You could even end up with total crap. Totally not worth the 5 euros.I suggest not to buy airdrop tickets.I hope I'll see any of you guys in the game ;)Keep rockin' bros"
,Not Recommended,295110,14011190,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Jerakal,"Now, I haven't actually gotten to PLAY the game that I've paid for yet, but given that the servers were completely ♥♥♥♥ed for the entire launch day, and that SOE seems to have gone back on it's previous statements from as recently as 3 days ago stating that you wouldn't be able to just drop money to win at the game, I feel VERY confident when I recommend that others hold off on purchasing this game until the dust settles.Wouldn't want another The War Z on our hands."
76561198180451881,Not Recommended,295110,17846643,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,mint,CLIENT SUCKS♥♥♥♥
76561198178810562,Not Recommended,295110,20160872,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,ENVIUS.Eden <3,servers are worse than ebola
,Recommended,295110,14013351,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,sHadØwbØx ™,"Please take care that the game is currently in ""Early Access Alpha""; the game is fine, it is the ""survival zombie we needed"" with a lot of more stuff to come out in the upcoming months, but i will keep this review updated in days to come.POSITIVES:+ 60 Fps+ Easy inventory system+ Fluid Game play+ Pretty Graphics+ Amazing Atmosphere+ Great Florestation+ Decent Wild life (they will add more types of animals in the future)+ Player friendly crafting system+ Zombies actually behave like ZOMBIES should.+ LAG/FPS compared to other major zombie survival titles this one nails it almost, but almost to perfection when things become more stable in the game.+ Sound atmosphere is very nice, but needs improvement, we cannot take precision of where the stuff comes out most of the time+ Airdrop (There is a bit controversy behind this, because guns ""may"" drop from crates, in my opinion why would they not drop guns? makes it more fun to go scatter around the crate and fight for it, what called it p2w if it is ramdom crates? i for once already found more than 10 crates since the new airdrop update, none of them dropped the crates that included the guns, people chill already with that, you don't like it, you do not wanna support it? FINE, refund at your will because SOE will give it back to you without asking why.NEGATIVES:- The player animations, they don't feel right, but they said they are also not satisfied and expect a major change in the future- Needs more EU servers (getting a 4h queue time is not fun and most cases people wait for it, and h1z1 closes it self.)- Sometimes the inventory bugs out- Airdrops needs to be more visible- Sound needs improvement, impossible to pinpoint- Loot at this stage is almost scarce- The ""energy"" and ""water"" depletes too much fast making it more time consumption to hunt for berries.- Lack of variety of clothing items- Lack of customization in the character, at this stage it doesn't exist, character is dull and not appealing.- Sometimes there are objects (shelves that we get inside of it, and there is no other way to get out, but if you have a bow and arrows, shoot an arrow to the ground and climb on it [temp fix].- Wild life and zombies are still massively lagging, mostly because of the servers overload as of date.The game is going in the right direction, now they just need to improve and add more cosmetic options, clothes, items.NOTE: Unrelated coments dropped in this review will get deleted without notice, game needs feedback; not stupid stuff from people that do not understand what an EA - Alpha game is.Thank you for reading."
,Not Recommended,295110,21339542,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Okros,"I would have recommended this game a year ago, but with the rate of meaningful updates coming to a halt, and the biggest news within the last year is the doubling of the price, that's going to get a firm ""no"" from me."
,Not Recommended,295110,19349003,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Loaf,"It seems like the devs only care about Battle Royale, and the core game feels as though it hasn't changed since day one. Its sad to say that this game is a huge dissapointment. This isn't anything like quality survival games like Dayz (the mod, the standalone is♥♥♥♥♥ but that's another review) and Rust. The fact that they introduced microtransactions before the full game is even out shows how little actually imporving the game means to them"
76561197977053914,Not Recommended,295110,21288268,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,humperdoo,money grabbing ♥♥♥♥s
76561198243402120,Not Recommended,295110,21376331,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,PRESIDENT Donald J Trump,"Its utter trash, wasnt fun. Lord gaben please refund"
,Not Recommended,295110,23901717,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Drone Vandalism,"I bought this game a long time ago.  It was infested with cheaters.  Chinese people and cheaters.  Cheating Chinese Cheaters.  Oh also everyone would block off the loot spawns with man made huts.Probably a year later now, all of this is still happening.  And the devs, like most ""early access"" devs (which will never fully release, they cant until they fix their problems, and there seems to be no forward progress towards this end.)At this point it's an early access cash grab where the only work the dev team does is release new crates so you have to buy more keys from them.If you like Pay to Play where you are the only one whos playing legit on the server where your base can be completely destroyed in the span of an hour, buy this game!If not, avoid.  I'd go a step further and avoid all early access games unless they are from indie developers who are actually working on their game.This has been early access for at least a year, and will never leave this stage of development.  They are too busy milking the cow."
,Not Recommended,295110,34278652,Posted: 16 August,all,mSyx,"Worst surviving game I've ever played. You know: the buildings, the houses, the roads... f*ck that, let's just make a map with NOTHING but trees and a few zombies. Please, do not play this game, it would make them earn money for a work that doesn't deserve it >AT ALL<."
76561198082632452,Not Recommended,295110,21090804,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Wakka,trash
,Not Recommended,295110,18897439,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,SkolVikings94,">Be Sony Online Entertainment>Make H1Z1>Advertise H1Z1 on the premise of a survival game>Add in another game mode ""Battle Royale"">Get bought by Daybreak Games>Dev teams only work on Battle Royale mode because it makes them money because it's ""Popular"" with streamers>Ignore survival mode, the basis that the game was advertised on0/10, terrible."
76561197976768891,Not Recommended,295110,18899628,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,.phase,"It's another Early Access Scam; take the money and run away from their promises.It's been proven by their actions thus far. Look at the outcry of the Reddit community after their ""Green Dawn"" announcement.This game isn't what they promised. Don't buy."
,Not Recommended,295110,21066628,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Lokki,"Bought this a while back to satisfy my survival urges, but every server lagged and rubberbanded too much to play.Went back to playing Nether, which worked better even in its broken state.Come back to find that they're splitting this broken game to make more money.This is the only game I've ever wanted a refund for.I even own Pound of Ground and regret spending that money less than I regret buying this heap of♥♥♥♥♥♥*edit: ""We were unable to load information about this purchase. Please try again later. We apologize for the inconvenience.""Yeah, I'd deny all knowledge of that too. Well played, Steam."
76561198033617871,Recommended,295110,14433490,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,MochaRandy,"This game is extremely fun to play and the developers give constant feedback and updates.Also regarding the mass of negative reviews on release day:This game is in Early Access and there were major problems and bugs on day one that caused many to cry, falsely I will add, that this game is P2W.ALL of these problems were addressed IMMEDIATELY, within the next two days, and are no longer an issue. Unfortunately the damage was done and all the troll reviews from the first day of release have already left their negative mark.The majority of the reviews for this game are completely FALSE and NOT relevant to the actual quality of the game because they are reviews for a version of the game that existed for less than two days. So PLEASE ignore them and look up a proper RECENT review of the game.The reviews for this game are a perfect example of why allowing the average person to review an Early Access game causes nothing but misinformation and false negativity. If Steam is going to allow reviews of an Early Access game the reviews and the review score should be associated with only that particular version model of the game and should subsequently be archived, away from the main page, every time the game is updated and the version model changes. This would be extremely beneficial as new buyers could compare the complaints in the older version review to the patch notes of the newest version to see if the developers are solving or looking into problems the community is complaining about."
76561198014186259,Not Recommended,295110,14034727,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,cG.Slayer,"Amatuer release, clunky combat, obvious P2W scheme. You will search around for HOURS for items unless you are VERY lucky making airdrops almost a necessity. combat isnt very fun, hit boxes arnt properly placed. Lag makes ranged weapons almost useless.I Know this is a Early Access but honestly I dont believe the devs know what they are doing or that it will improve with time.G99."
,Recommended,295110,14055218,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Bamanboi,>meet 3 people in the woods>hunt them down for 10 minutes>kill everyone>take their berries>go home>launch H1Z1>2 hour queue>error G2910/10
76561197979664208,Not Recommended,295110,14016589,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Tunagoblin,Blackberry eating simulator 2015.
76561198035189691,Not Recommended,295110,21037409,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Mari3us,"The original idea for H1Z1 sound really fun. Just surviving around with a bunch of friends. Too bad the devs only care about one thing, money. The game is emerging into something that is NOT a survival game, more like a really bad battlefield mod. And now they're splitting the game? Oh my god the freud has no end. Buy RUST or something instead of supporting these moneysucking microtransactionboners"
76561198000342087,Not Recommended,295110,20989948,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,WheresCarl,"I've been trying to give this game a chance, despite its mixed reviews. I play this game on and off as I genuinely enjoy the survival aspect of this game. After a 3 month binge on fallout 4 and Witcher 3 I finally decided to come back to this game, and I genuinely enjoyed it for the most part despite being beta. Unfortunately, What I encountered was a game that was even more broken then when I first started this endeavor.A few hours in, got my backpack crafted, got water situated, and my foundation started after meticulously finding a proper spot. I walk down the side of the hill – the game freezes, I have no choice but to crtl+alt+del and end game. I log back in and find myself starting with a brand new character. In addition to this with the new changes I often have to force close thew game as it does not always load when attempting to start.Unfortunately this is not an isolated incident, neither is logging in to find your character has just died. I takes a bit of time and energy to get things going in this game, so when you die it can be quite frustrating. It’s one thing to die because of cheaters, but when the game is set up to fail due to bad design it’s another thing.I know this game is intended not to be perfectly running, as it is still in progress, but the whole point of beta testing is making the game at least somewhat playable to some degree so you can actually test it. Back in my home town I recall hearing the phrase “ If you want to help a panhandler – don’t.” Well… I believe this applies to daybreak games; while it may be considered a somewhat not finished product, it isn’t playable. The problem here is bad coding, not enough testing etc... My advice is-: don’t give them your money until they at least have a product that is polished enough to be playable for testing.I love the game, the premise and the basic idea, but if I have to start a new character at the whim of a random crash, then this game is not only frustrating, but unplayable- don’t give them your money until they make things right.Should this game be fixed I will update my review."
,Not Recommended,295110,20994461,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,[=UKSF=] Muska,"Main focus left the survival game and went to Battle Royal. Support for hte original open world survival game waned months and moths ago.Game is to be split into 2 games both costing approx £15 each for alpha...Micro transactions in a alpha...F2P game we were once promised is never coming now...Sony dropped this...Need I go on, don't be missold by the steam store page as it currently stands, do some digging and make a more informed decision."
,Not Recommended,295110,21029826,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,ShmoeHAMMAD,"Originally promised to be F2P upon release, now if you buy, you're gonna get a $40 (2x$20 for the late person) game with micro transactions.  Nothing but a crash grab.  I had originally saved my review for when all the annoying bugs got fixed (instead just mostly added features), but upon hearing news of this nonsense, I went ahead and pushed it up.  Sorry, no thumbs up from me."
,Not Recommended,295110,21001612,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,123TheCloop,"Bought it and it kept crashing, requested a refund of steam"
,Not Recommended,295110,21913184,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Aiden Pearce,"I don't do reviews and this in a way this isn't one, it's more of a piece of advice: uninstall this game.Better yet don't buy it.This game has been broken for over a year, and with what patches have been made, it only seems to become worse. This is likely because the game developers upload an older, more stable version of the game with a new patch as an update. With each update, the game simply becomes worse and worse and I legitimately fear that one day it will be at a point the game is downgraded to the point that the game is only half-textured. There is no hope in sight for this game at all. The only noticeable feature added since it's release is a 'comfort meter' which based on how full it is, will increase regeneration of health and energy by unnoticable amounts.More on to what the game it is itself. If you are a hunter of hidden-lore in open world games that don't otherwise have a plot, you will not find that here. If you are looking to make friends in game to create a clan and survive together, pooling resources and effort to create a strong community, you will also not find that here. What you will find is a game that is so broken you will honestly find it laughable. You will also only have fun with two friends who have this game or more, but if you don't know anyone who has it, save yourself the bad karma and don't encourage them to buy it. I repeat, do not in any case purchase this game to play by yourself. You can maybe meet some people on PvE but since there isn't any risk to playing that mode there isn't any point. Not to mention everywhere in PvE is looted by campers and you will generally just find yourself mind-numbingly bored. In PvP, it's a typical risk against players but what's bad about the game is that the concept of it, zombie-survival, is broken. Zombies simply aren't a threat. You will rarely die to them unless you are new to games in general. You will die most to players and animals. There is hardly any variety to anything in this game and such a lack of customization.Daybreak have lied so much about this game and have promised so much. This game was also supposed to be 'free-to-play' but instead it 'evolved', seperating the game into two worse games, splitting apart the mechanics from the base game. ""Just Survive"" and ""King of the Kill"" (inspired names, I know) were part of one game that cost the price of well, either one of these 'two seperate' games now (£15). In 'Just Survive' you will have a lot fun [insert sarcasm here] doing just that. In ""King of the Kill"" you will be pitched against a hundred and fifty or so other players in an open-world map that slowly becomes lessa and less open as it becomes choked with gas; it's a fun concept I haven't played much with but it simply isn't zombie-survival (what I was looking for) at all.There are of course, microtransactions as well. Yes. Microtransactions for a broken, early-access game. As if you didn't waste enough damn money.As I mentioned, this 'game' has been broken for a year, to demonstrate this point, here's a paraphrased extract from a farily recent update:""Gas grenades will no longer damage vehicles.""This game is not worth the price tag. If it was maybe £3-5 it would, but still, only if you had a small group of friends playing with you. This is not a game that does the ""so bad it's good"" trope at all. It is honestly so bad you will just find yourself gone insane from frustration and consequently laughing like the lunatic you've become for feeding the cancerous corporations money fuel to perpetuate the production of broken, half-finished, never-to-be-finished, 'games'.I hope this review passes as a testament to the absolute greediness of people and companies such as Daybreak. You might think: ""Well, not all games can be good because they don't have enough funds"", but believe me, with the amount of money Daybreak received from the original hype of the sales, they easily have enough to fix this game. Not tweak it. Not fine-tune it. But fix it. No, instead, with the money they have gladly received they plan to port this game to consoles. If money is no object to you, then I am sure time will still be of some value to you. Because regardless, fifteen hours waiting for something hilariously broken, and not frustratingly broken, to happen with a friend just really isn't worth it. Just go watch a good comedy like Seinfeld. Buy it all on Blu-ray if you have a need to spend money, just don't spend that money on Daybreak or anyone else just like them please. People need to stop paying the wrong people money. If you buy this game, play it for a few hours and you are so very unhappy with it you have no right to complain because you are only allowing games like this to exist. I'm only complaining for the sake of anyone else thinking of purchasing this game but also I really just don't want the future of games to be broken in early-access. This doesn't have to happen. Just stop giving them money. If you're thinking of purchasing something early-access, make sure it's either indie 8-bit (because for one, independant developers actually have genuine care for their game or games and two: you can't go wrong with developing an 8-bit game). But if it isn't, make sure you look at a few reviews and some gameplay first.To summarise:- Do not buy this game- Do not give Daybreak or similiar entities or people any money whatsoever, do not endorse them, condone them- Spend less money on a better gameI hate you but I do love you, H1Z1. Regardless, you simply deserve nothing better than to fade away from existence, along with all the greedy producers who spawned you."
76561198163249338,Not Recommended,295110,35321367,Posted: 29 September,all,Patchrik hates_hellcase.com,"This game was good at a time, it's not anymore. It's bad. Rip H1Z1 we'll miss u.."
76561197967666372,Not Recommended,295110,14322339,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,|| ImP0sTeR ||,It's really a lot of fun... definitely the best survival game I've played... but there are so many hackers and people abusing bugs that it's hard to stay committed to.
,Not Recommended,295110,14011878,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Struyk,"Played 3 hours, didn't find a single item ( searched atleast 100+ cabinets / cars etc ) but some zombies dropped some cloth.. Gave up on the game for now, here are some pointers:* Zombies are really unresponsive like they have a 2000ms latency, they aren't even a threat.* It's not pay2win like people say, you can call in an airdrop but everyone will see it and can steal it away from you.* No option to see how old a server is.* 99% Rust clone.* 20 euro's to play a broken free2play game is just sad, expected it to be planetside quality...* Really good crafting system"
,Not Recommended,295110,19899275,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,chiraqs dictator,"Very fun, but several glitches and gameplay issues have bottlenecked its potential so far."
,Not Recommended,295110,18893156,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Newfers,"I was cautiously optimistic about this game.  I'd been keeping an eye on it ever since it was announced.  Figured I'd get it and try it out.  I liked what I did play of it.  However, as time went on, DBG focus shifted more and more towards BR mode, and survival was left in the dust.  I pretty much gave up on it.  So as a survival game, I definitely do not recommend it.If you're looking for a zombie survival game, look elsewhere, this isn't it.  Get Project Zomboid or something.  If you watch Twitch streams of this, most likely all you've seen is the (in my opinion) ridiculous BR mode.  If that's your thing, go for it."
76561197961155896,Not Recommended,295110,18910028,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Abra,Nope
76561197974037832,Not Recommended,295110,18894759,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Shooting Blind,https://www.reddit.com/r/h1z1/comments/3rmtux/letter_to_daybreak_and_the_community_regarding/
76561198061813574,Not Recommended,295110,35047603,Posted: 18 September,all,CrazyClown,with that update they ruin the game so bad i had such a such good expriance
,Not Recommended,295110,20279361,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,68paul,warz was better
,Not Recommended,295110,14030200,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Daihu,"This is a great Loading Screen / Fruit Picking SimulatorNothing worksDevs Said it wouldnt be pay to win which it is clearly isI was looking forward to this game since it was first announced and from videos it looked like it had more features than the crappy dayz standalone already but only real differance between the 2 is the price.On the bright side h1z1 is a great game if you like getting stuck at loading screens or like just running around picking fruit and branches when you can eventually get in,If you aint brought it DONT BOTHER and if you have GET A REFUND WHILE YOU STILL CAN...."
76561198013947404,Recommended,295110,14062981,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Brentos,"This game is extremely fun. It is free to play however it is not released yet. It is in Alpha testing atm. You have to pay at least 19.99 to get into the early access. The game has extrodinary wheather physics and dynmics. Personal  I think this is the best survival zombie apocalypse game I have ever encountered. It is not pay 2 win either as the common rumors have it. You can pay for supply drops but just because you call one in doesn't mean you are not going to get wrekt getting it. The two empty air drops crates I saw were called the weilder and the caveman. To me both of those don't even sound like op crates. This game is full of a variety of types of people. from Vigalantes to trolls to serial killers to gangs to solo dolos to every type of player you can think of. Every time you play there is guarenteed to be a different outcome. Since you are just alpha testing this game currently expect bugs and of course on release everything would be wiped when it is free to the public. All in all, hands down, this is a superb gaming mmo experience!"
76561198090743523,Not Recommended,295110,17773600,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,SwOOpS,Survivor mode sucks other games do it better. Battle Royale is fun when there are no hackers (mostly asians)gun play takes a little getting used too. crashes rarely for me maybe 7 times so far.so wait till its free to play before buying this guys the hackers just ruin BR
,Not Recommended,295110,22379170,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Blue Meanie,"Garbage, the devs ban non-cheaters, can't even get that right.  Besides that, expect lies, condescending feedback from devs and utter lack of any transparency.   Did I mention lazy money grabbers?  But look at that cool new graffiti rifle skin!!"
,Not Recommended,295110,14787844,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Kiosu.san,new update and mine still crashingf*** this s*** i'm out
76561197988857304,Not Recommended,295110,18908977,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Fruity,Don't ever ever buy this game. Months of broken promises from the ♥♥♥♥♥iest developer I have ever seen. I will never buy a Daybreak game again.
,Not Recommended,295110,18896164,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Skullkeeper,"If you want to play a game thats ONLY PRIORITY is to MILK all its players MONEY, Focus on Streamers and IGNORE game breaking issues with in the game, this THIS GAME IS A MUST !BUGS have existed since Day 1 and have STILL NOT been addresses,The games FOCUS is for you to BUY SKINS and NOT to enjoy the game content with out Paying MORE MONEY for ADD ONsHACKERS FUN RIOT on the servers.MOST WASTFULL PUTCHASE I HAVE EVER MADE !"
76561198010640707,Not Recommended,295110,14012333,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Binary-Terror,WTF SOE?!?! Yet again you messed up a game but why am I not suprised.0/10 for pay to win.
,Not Recommended,295110,14568470,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,KingBob,"I love this game.. But unfortunately I cannot play for more than hour without being hacked. Being hacked on this kind of game is worse than any other game. You cannot just change servers and pick up where you left off like in FPS games, as it is a horror survival game that requires you to scavenge and collect. I dont mind losing my progress because another player or two bested me, you just respawn and start over, but when a hacker shows up every night you play the game and essentially steals everything youve worked for in the most unfair way , and the people who develop the game do not care it is utterly pointless to conitinue to play. The developers also try tweaking the base building, but ALL this is fixing is the glitching into the bases, they are not addressing the real issue of people ONE SHOT hacking to destroy the base and take everything you had collected which can be upwords of 50 hours of work.  I recommend you do not buy this game. Spend your money on anything else."
76561198071907109,Not Recommended,295110,31564020,Posted: 5 May,all,AkaY,ahahahahahahaha  poop game.
,Not Recommended,295110,14006605,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,DrWinston0Boogie,Pay2Win with Guns and Ammo in Air Drops. I want a refund.
,Not Recommended,295110,14016519,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,xVOLKOVx,"If this game is suppose to compete with Day Z, I was hearing this game will be better than Day Z, I'm pretty sure Day Z at this point is winning. I spent $20 to take 1 straight hour to get in a server and then have no loot in the 20 cars on the road, nor the cabinets in the buildings. Not to mention while I'm doing this some guy that just spawned is chasing me trying to punch the hell out of me. I finally found an ax and it takes 5 hits in the head to kill a zombie. I knocked one down and thought he was dead his body was lifeless on the ground. Then i was still getting hit by him. Don't get this game yet. Sony should stick to RPGs and shooters."
76561197988602620,Not Recommended,295110,18381488,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Hermann,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!this comment is negative!this is a complete pay to win DEATHMATCH , NOT ZOMBIE SURVIVAL!worst part is i paid for this game and i regret it.go play dayz or arma2 dayz, atleast they are not zombie survival, and zombies are WAY more brutal. maybe they are also deathmatches, but still, not pay to win. simple as that.and the point is sony exactly said "" it wont be a pay to win game"". but it is, it really is. go check other games for zombie survival, DONT WASTE MONEY ON THIS."
,Not Recommended,295110,14828877,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,👻 Jägermeister | 猫 |,"As soon as a  br round is over, it takes like 4 seconds and the server is full again,random crashes all the timenot worth it"
76561198013210648,Not Recommended,295110,17489849,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Batstroke,"♥♥♥♥ing piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game.Unrealistic target movement when you point with your gun.You hit others in the head and they don't get any damage at all.I spent 2 weeks with my friend to create a base and we had tons of stuff until our base doors(i wonder why we had/have to use passwords )got destroyed and all of our loot was gone.So our effort was for nothing.20 bucks for that pile of trash which is still on alpha after 8 months since it got released.Huge bugs in every login.My friend was losing health or was even dying several times on his logins.He opened a ticket to ask the ""tech""staff why was this happening and they deleted his ticket because he didn't renew his ticket!!!!!!!!!(WTF????That's the only game i have ever played where the ""tech""staff requires from YOU to update your ticket and if you don't then they delete it!!!!!Not to mention the frequent server wipes where you lose EVERYTHING you have built with great effort and hours of real time plus all your loot and the deletion of your character.No potential in ever playing this thrash again."
76561198275415000,Not Recommended,295110,20397363,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Tatti,I want my money back
,Recommended,295110,14170727,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,max.,"Let me tell you a true story about my adventure in H1Z1, so lay back in your chair, get a warm fire going and be ready for my story.Once upon a time I was a lonely character named ""Wombat"" on H1Z1. I had no loot, and as I had spawned near some shops, it seemed fit to go and search them. I made sure that I had crafted my powerful ""Makeshift Bow"" beforehand, and I was wielding it like a fierce barbarian. I came upon a shopping mall, and after checking the outside, decided that there would be nobody in there. I entered the shop. An eerie silence greeted me, followed by muffled footsteps in the backroom. I tensed. Slowly, I pulled an arrow to the bowstring, ready to fight any intruders. Suddenly, I heard running behind me, and to my dismay, as I turned I feel an arrow hit my back. I cry out in pain, but I am determined to fight back. After a tense few seconds as I swerve left and right to avoid his shots, I decide it is time to fight back. As I run round a corner, him only a few metres behind me, I pull an arrow to the string, tensing for the crucial shot. He runs round the corner, and with a cry of fear, he lay cumpled at my feet. He was dead.I was panting heavily, and although I had just beat my foe off with a mighty arrow, I thought to myself ""What have I done. I'm a monster!"" I feel ashamed at having killed another human being. What has my life come to? I suddenly fall down to my knees and retch, sobbing. After a long time, I manage to pick myself up, and force myself to think straight. I had to get used to it if I was to survive this zombie infection. I go over to the body, feeling a swell in my throat as I hold back the tears. I look over his body, and my eyes widen as to what I see. The backpack. The sacred backpack of 1200 space. Never before have I seen this. Before I thought it only a myth. I pick it up, and marvel at the quality and size of it. What could I not achieve with such a bag beside me? Inside I find some berries, arrows and water. I almost felt happy killing him. Almost.I move on throughout the rest of the day, things seemed to be on the up, as i manage to find a new hat and shirt as I continue exploring the forest. Sometime later on in the evening, I come across some houses. Not wanting to risk my mighty bag, I didn't feel like exploring them, however my hunger got the better of me as I steered towards the house. I walk inside. A shiver runs up my spine at the sound. Nothing. Not a single ruffle of the leaves or tweet of birds. I walk into the lounge of the house, slowly searching the drawers. ""RUFFGH"". I turn. Please. Please not now. I see a huge figure come out of the bedroom. It was a bear.The next thing I know I was sprinting for my life, for what could I hope to achieve against a monster with such power with a mere bow? I'm sprinting, and then I see a figure infront of me. I shout ""Ho' there! Run for your life! A wild beast approaches!"" He turns to me, and sees the silhouette of the mighty monster bearing down on me. He turns and runs, however he stumbles and is not quick enough. I scream as I see it clamp its mighty jaws and tear him to pieces. The bear stopped, and then looked up at me and continued to chase me. He saw a better prize. He wanted the sacred bag. I panic, and slip, and in that moment the bear catches up slightly. I'm darting through the trees, trying to avoid this mighty beast. I veer to the left, and as the sound starts to fade, I thought I had lost him. Knowing it was still nearby, I hurriedly tried to log out. 10 seconds. 9. 8. 7. 6. 5. 4. 3. 2. I see the bear out of the corner of my eye, mere meters away, hunting me with those ravaging red eyes. 1. The bear hits me at full speed, I scream as its jaws close around my waist, biting into my stomach. The bear had won.#♥♥♥♥theHaters and yes, this review is a joke, I'm not some ♥♥♥♥ing storyteller.10/10 Love dis game."
,Recommended,295110,14076113,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,OnePoorMofo,> Saw a guy> Became friends> We went to a town> found a can of peaches> He got the can of peaches> So I killed him for the can of peaches10/10 would kill again for peaches
,Not Recommended,295110,21138389,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Kali-Zoidberg,"Why would you ♥♥♥♥ing split one game into two, charge double the amount, go back on your word and then expect people to be happy?Edit: typo."
,Recommended,295110,14520727,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Paragus,"I've got about 80 hours in so far, and I paid $20.  The value is here for me at this point.   I've had some of the most memorable moments in any video game, and literally laughed myself into tears from the things I've seen and done in this game (See link below).It's not pay to win.   The airdrops contain mostly trivial gear at this point, and the likelyhood of the guy buying it actually getting to keep the loot and walk away alive are slim.  There are bugs and other issues, it's early access.   If they shut the game down tomorrow I wouldn't regret the purchase.If you want to see the types of things that can happen in this game, I have compiled a youtube playlist detailing my adventures.https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLPscesibrXAbRKr2PW24Ri0WXafSG78LS"
,Not Recommended,295110,22760723,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Shxrks,To many hackers.
,Not Recommended,295110,21377065,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,HaM,They dont fix bugs like they say they will and they got greedy as f***. Dont waste your money!
,Not Recommended,295110,21308770,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Scrufus,I don't see why people would play survival for this game if there are plenty of better survival games on Steam.
,Not Recommended,295110,14756111,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,rocky,"I bought this game solely because I saw summit1g playing Battle Royale and it looks fun.In short, this game is more fun to watch than it is to play.I've tried Survival mode and its just so boring, i can't take it. Quit within 30 minutes. Went to Battle Royale and its super glitchy. Dropping into the ground after parachuting.The aiming system in H1Z1 is really bad too, its really difficult to shoot a person and it doesn't makes sense for a player to shoot at you accurately while running and jumping in the air. The shooting system needs to be revised.However, I applaud the idea of Battle Royale as it seems to have potential to be of great fun. This game still needs to be revised continuously."
76561198154608627,Not Recommended,295110,14755920,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,WHERE DA FOOK IS MAYWEDDDER,It crashes wayyyyy to much and you lose all your♥♥♥♥♥♥so easy so not worth playing please fix the crashes
,Not Recommended,295110,14867135,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Mortressor,"Terrible. The game will forever lack in atmosphere and character. It's just another circle jerk for squeakers. If you're a big DayZ person, every squeaker you ran into in Chernarus pretty much resides in H1Z1"
,Not Recommended,295110,14867424,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Poncho,"First off, without the addition of a sleeping bag or something where you can spawn on when you die makes the game unplayable for me. There is no way to group with friends because every time you die you could spawn anywhere and spend hours trying to locate your old base (If you find it at all). By that time it will most likely have been raid and your stuff gone. Secondly, no matter the argument this game IS Pay-to-Win. The definition of ""Pay-to-Win"" is anything that someone can buy with real world money that would give them an advantage in the game. The Airdrops are the prime example of this. You get weapons drops, IED's, and the like. That my friend defines pay to win. If the normal person has to start out in the middle of nowhere with next to nothing and has to venture in the cities (which are crawling with people with guns) to get any decent weapons themselves, that gives the normal player a very big disadvantage. IF they items are addressed and rectified I will re-review but not until then. Thank you for reading."
76561198187238786,Not Recommended,295110,24804139,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Mr.Crackhead,I have been playing this game since it has came out and it was fun at first even though hackers would come through and just totaly get screw you over the game was good until the most recent patch sure it a survival game but the way they have everything spawning is totaly messed up and ruined crafting ammo was like a reward for wasting countless hours of gathering ammo so you could make the 308. or the 12 guage buckshot you needed to survive but now you cant run around with a crew looking like total bad asses instead your running around with a bow and some pistol ammo that takes maybe 20 shots to kill a fully geared guy that knows the exact spawn points of the op ammo idk daybreak you really lost a lot of survival fans on this one..
76561198047995929,Not Recommended,295110,18900445,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,四国 稲荷,Do Not Buy This Game0/10 would not recommend this game.True StoryP/S: Always learn to trust negative reviews. I have learned my lesson.
76561198048501262,Not Recommended,295110,21382100,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,JuicedBoxers,"unfortunately, like most games now adays, the devs are focusing more on stealing money from their players rather than earn it. Be it the ridiculously over-priced cash store that was necessary to use if you wanted to play certain game types IN A $20 GAME, but now they have done the unthinkable and split a single game into 2 seperate games with 2 seperate premium price tags. On and did I mention that they release more crates and keys and p2w crates than they do fixing the most basic and complained about bugs? Because yes they are REALLY that money hungry. They don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about their player base or their game, and they have realized that their game is stable enough to double dip and charge a purchase fee and then a premium for keys and crates for an UNFINISHED game. This company would rather make as much money as quick as possible instead of earning it and making more in the long run by making a respectable game that everyone enjoys. Hell, if this game was finished and worth the cost I'd love spending some money on some crates but this.. this is ridiculous.No matter how the devs spin it and how insistant they are that they just really care about their players, this team only cares about milking the gaming industry with their premium-priced never-ending early access game that they decided was so amazing that they turned one game into 2 seperate purchases. Valve really needs to get their♥♥♥♥♥♥together and end this early-access ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t to stop devs like these from taking advantage of people who simply want to enjoy a good game.This game showed great promise at one point, and with 2 fun game modes that made sense to be in one game (like every other game on the face of the planet that has more than one mode of play). But now.. now the devs have finally showed their true colors and their lake of loyalty toward their customers and their own promising game and has taken full advantage of the early-access system.Please avoid this and all other games that are in early access so we can finally go back to buying games the way they were meant to be purchased. COMPLETED. If you want to have an early access, then you have to make it FREE with donations ACCEPTED. And then allow the customer to purchase the game once the devs have proved their worth and finished the game rather than have it in early access for 5 years and abandon it with 100 unfished promises after they earned their money for half the work.This game and it's development team is a disgrace and I am very disappointed in the way this industry is going. I will never be purchasing a game from DayBreak every again and I hope everyone else follows suit. This needs to STOP."
76561198046908803,Recommended,295110,14044425,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,[ℕℝ]» Ip Man,"All I can say now is this game is very fun, The zombies can be very annoying because they are smart and will chase you down unles you get the hell out of the area.Pros:Smooth gameplayFinding crafting repcipes is funZombies can jumpscare sometimesOther cool♥♥♥♥♥♥ could not be bothered writing it dwn because there is just too muchCons:Zombies don't die very easily (takes about 10 hits in the head with an axe)Loot is very hard to find, not much loot available.All drivable cars always need new parts.Other than this the game is quite good for an early alpha stage :)"
76561198072998663,Not Recommended,295110,17860010,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Barbarino,"Don't buy this game, full of hacks and bugs,"
,Not Recommended,295110,14973836,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,東方の黑猫✿,This game is ok just that:-Too many hacker :(-To many tritor:(-Tomany theif:(-To many ***** people :(-The ping is laggy :(
76561198188543833,Not Recommended,295110,15267184,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Tespith,"The Battle Royale is the game mode that makes this game.And it's going to become pay to enter.I will not pay to enter a game mode. Never. Ever. I bought the game. And now I have to pay to play?Currently, I die to bugs, lag and hackers as much as legitimate reasons.Two huge issues make this game unplayable."
,Not Recommended,295110,20232244,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,PseudoNinja,Seems like fun Learning Curve is more than most want. Zombies are about useless. PVP is extremely boring.
,Not Recommended,295110,21624854,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Redbeard,"Extremely shady business practice.  The only 2 parts of the game were split and are being sold seperately now for double the price, but without any new content.Not to mention they intially said the game would go free to play with a market place, and now they state the game has no plans to do that.  Here's another bad review for you, Daybreak."
76561197971628705,Recommended,295110,14006079,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,SQWERTY,"If you're after a honest review of the current state of the game from someone who is experienced in early access games and the zombie survival genre, read on.I'll be contrasting this game to Dayz and rust to make my points quicker and more succinct.PROS:The game looks BEAUTIFUL, it runs at high fps and looks really good (i'll list comp specs further down).The melee and gun play is pretty damn simple and intuitive, IT WORKS. I play on ~200 ping from Aus, and the melee isn't even that painful for me. Compared to Dayz melee, it actually works.The sounds in the game are excellent, when you go inside a building with the rain, the sound changes. The sound in this game creates a truely immersive survival experience.Zombies - holy♥♥♥♥♥♥zombies are dangerous and scary. I have played this game ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s for 2-3 days now, and wow they are still scary. They're actually a threat, I love it.The games actually fun. Wierd eh, its fun to not have to worry about doing all the annoying as ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in Dayz that just kills the fun.CRAFTING is amazing, it actually works. Everything in the game has a use, and the crafting list is truely huge, really cool♥♥♥♥♥♥CONS: Similar to Dayz, grouping up with friends is hard and tedious. Towns aren't super distinctive and landmarks aren't very obvious, so you'll have to use roads to find friends, but luckily roads are very consistantly labeled and can be used with a map to meet up.There is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of places to search in a building for loot, this is good, but to search and entire building takes ages and often doesn't have a lot of loot in containers(they are gonna patch that today though)AIR DROPS PAY2WIN THOUGHTS.Shut the ♥♥♥♥ up you morons. This game has an excellent engine, things ♥♥♥♥ing work, there is a lot to do and its not even that buggy. Little things like nameplates and air drop tuning can be fixed over night. Stop ♥♥♥♥ing QQing about things that can be fixed overnight, and appreciate the fact that this game is built around a basis that is already EXCELLENT. People looking to buy this game stop and realise what people are complaining about. If this is what people are complaining about, things that can be tuned and fixed (and are/have already been done so) rather than core bugs and gameplay issues, then you know this will be good.My 2 expereinces with air drops.1) I see it land on mountain, I run up and 7 zombies are standing around. I go full hulk and beat a few to death with my fists of justice, then a Russian man walks up and teams up with me. We fight hand combat taking down zombies, I almost die, so I strip naked, rip up my clothes to make bandages and heal up. We clear out the zombies and he starts to loot the crate, so naturally I beat him to death. He abuses me in Russian english and I check the crate, it has 1 m1911 (pistol) a few ammo and a ♥♥♥♥ing pipe. I have no inventory to take anyhting other than the sidearm as I have no clothes on, then I die to bow.2) I use one of my air drops, same♥♥♥♥♥♥ kill the zombies with a bow, walk over to it, get hit in the head by arrow. Didn't even get to look inside it. Yeah pay to win.The crates aren't guaranteed loot, the stuff inside is♥♥♥♥♥♥and you're most likely gonna die. But they're fun. They are extra events taht happen in the game that make it feel epic. Walking along and see a crate falling from the sky with possible goodies? yeah its pretty fun.I haven't done any base building yet, just a small shack with friends, but it looks like it will be awesome. Quite Rust-esc.All in all this game is amazing, in its current state I truely believe it is better than Dayz will ever be.The game is fun, everything works, crafting is sick, this game as an early access game, is so ♥♥♥♥ing playable.I give 9/10 in its current state, I wholeheartedly recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,295110,21047668,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,-=ZBearJew=-,H1Z1 is more Jewish than i am and thats f*cked up.
,Not Recommended,295110,20043771,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Lunatitch,"Devs have pretty much all but abandoned the survival mode and are focussing solely on Battle Royale, the game mode you have to buy tickets (real money) for to enter."
76561197961731186,Not Recommended,295110,18897287,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Ihazissues,I don't really write reviews. I bought the game for survival and I found the map to be too small and not challenging. I keep waiting for the map to be expanded or new content but it's clear that it's not in the developers to do list. I have next to no hours on this game because I bought it to survive in a harsh environment full of zombies.You want a mmo survival game go buy dayz. It's buggy but they stay on track on what they promises and it's about to see some good updates.
76561197971923411,Not Recommended,295110,18897206,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Lee,"Unless you're a streamer, stay away from this game, seriously, save yourself the time and effort, also your money and buy something that might actually make it out of Alpha , false promises, Useless Devs , and that's only the start. DO NOT RECCOMEND !"
,Not Recommended,295110,14011675,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,FAGGINATOR 9000,"""So if you think it's P2W don't buy it. Don't play it.""-SmedThe man said it himself ;)"
,Not Recommended,295110,14008864,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Two,12 hours later got in :) Only to find that I die a lot to starving.  Hard to find anything and when I do   there where a group of players running around with all weapon with the name tags pay to win  in there names.. Thought it wasn't a pay to win game but now I have learned dif. Been playing miscreated while I wait for this. Will be going back to rust and that. Bate and switch.
,Not Recommended,295110,18897467,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Salty Artra,Do not buy this game unless you want to play Battle Royale.Edit: New developers on Just Survive seem to be heading in the right direction. I am cautiously optimistic.
,Not Recommended,295110,31758805,Posted: 14 May,all,foxy grandpa,game ♥♥♥♥ing sucks
76561197968851505,Not Recommended,295110,15135952,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,iNFIDEL,no point in playing this game or any other one like it. hackers just go right through the walls and locked doors and just take all your ammo and gear. everything that you were collecting for weeks gone because the developers arent smart enough to add a password to the crates. or maybe they are just trying to cash in. needs another wipe ASAP
,Not Recommended,295110,20992856,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,xXx,"1. If you want PvP with tones of cheaters your Welcome here!2. Survival is in pre alpha stage and devs are not making any changes for more than a year.3. BR - fun, but you must pay money for every round after you have payed for the game.4. Animations 2/105. Graphics 3/106. Sound 3/107. Shooting 1/108. Melee 1/108. Survival 4/10"
,Not Recommended,295110,20994679,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,NightVision,"H1Z1 devs at launch:""Do not worry. This game will be free-to-play once the game is released, but you can pay $20 to join Early Access.""H1Z1 devs now:""Pay for both Battle Royale and H1Z1 separately, including at launch.""Also, it's 20$ for each ""game""Another case of greedy developers"
,Not Recommended,295110,14739425,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Pablo Eskobar,"Crashes Alot, Kill On Sight running though a forest see a bear. Game Crash. Have To get Into A Server To Change Graphic settings, then restart the game right after. Not A Worthy Buy. 4/10"
,Not Recommended,295110,14748685,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,wot,No.
76561198008090948,Not Recommended,295110,18894682,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Benjifactor,"I have had this game since day one. It is an early access game so I know what that entails, however it seems that this game is slowly turning into a simple money grab. Early on it had potential, the developers kept communication with the player base, and released updates frequently. However now a days there is no communication, and barely any updates. The updates that do come out are lackluster, and usually are just art assets that you need to buy.On top of this, the game play is boring. It makes no strides. The gun play feels unresponsive, the survival is meaningless, battle royal gets boring fast, and It is obvious the developers don't care about making a good game anymore.I will edit this if any progress is made."
76561197961689486,Not Recommended,295110,18897096,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Curtisbeef,Game is not what was origionally promised. Devs only work on Pay to Play and skins. It is a survival game without any signifigant updated to survival in more than half a year.
76561197987574147,Not Recommended,295110,18897740,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Legio,"Battle Royale is fun for a while if you like a dumbed down shooter with lots of running and waiting in lobbies. If you don't have a decent PC with SSD drive prepare to get shot in the face as soon as you touch the ground after parachuting.""Survival"" mode is pretty much about hoarding thousands of rounds of ammo in an ugly fort made of metal sheets placed in some random place on the map. There are cheaters in game too if you like having all your hoarded goods stolen.Buy this game only if you want to play BR and have faith in Daybreak Games. I've lost mine seeing them adding more and more cosmetics while not touching core aspects of the game."
,Not Recommended,295110,21127721,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,SevenSixTwo,- Promise open world survial game- Sell studio to investment firm- Half the Developers leave the studio- Focus on mindless deathmatch mode and player skins- Split game into 2 separate games to abondon survial- Profit
,Not Recommended,295110,22650277,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Not Kevin,Wanna have cancer likeME?buy thisIt's a one way ticket to hell
,Not Recommended,295110,18894847,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,WesternWolf,"I have supported this game since day 1, even own a H1Z1 T Shirt.But, I finally see the light.Daybreak only cares about getting more streamers and selling more crates. Their latest update called Green Dawn is another Battle Royal Mode that actually costs tickets and only rewards people for getting first place.They have lost touch with the survival aspects of the game.Please DO NOT PURCHASE THIS GAME until they have come through and added survival content. Otherwise, you will find yourself bored and actually buying crates just to stay entertained. Which is just giving them more money to support this horrible Alpha/Beta/Scam."
,Not Recommended,295110,20174414,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Aswin,"The game is so bad, the zombies started DDOS'ing Daybreak."
76561198071179289,Recommended,295110,14087711,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Rival,"If you like dayz, than your going to like H1Z1 alot more, Ignore the fad that is hating on the internet even though you haven't tried something, Because alot of people seem to be hating for no reason. I've put 500+ hours into dayz standalone and I can say confidently that H1Z1 is everything I wanted from dayz but without a broken engine, and soon to have much more. Not to mention SoE has a flawless anti cheat for planetside 2 which is what engine H1Z1 is running, After a short amount of time, Say goodbye to cheating, Forever."
,Recommended,295110,14312370,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Sleepyyoo,I told someone i'm emo so he made a camp fire and started telling me stories to make me feel better and he said that everything is gonna be okay... we became brothers... later random person kills me.. brother avenges me.. comes to my dead body and cries.. I told him that it's ok and everything is going to be ok.10/10 would die again :(
,Not Recommended,295110,14014465,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Psiren,Unfortunately at this time I cannot recommend this!With that seems to be a Free2Play.Gameplay and graphically it is equivalent to WarZ/Infestation: Survivor Stories.
,Not Recommended,295110,14729596,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,frosty,"crashes when playing battle royalealmost came first then suddenly crashesit's a good game, but ♥♥♥♥ing bugs like these is stupid."
76561198030990584,Not Recommended,295110,14928811,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,sonny AKA Damocles,no body has honor in this game it is a big issue with me they say they are looking for cloth then their friend flanks me to take my AR then they talk♥♥♥♥♥♥ this game is a honorles ♥♥♥♥ dont buy this if you are a good person cuz only piece of ♥♥♥♥♥ play this game no lie
76561198027888669,Not Recommended,295110,15710906,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,AlphaKiloDelta,Incredibly frustrating. So many cheats in the game its ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. You spend hours and hours collecting resources to be killed by someone with a pistol after you have shot them 4-5 times while they were wearing t shirt and cap (body even registers the hit) . Not to mention my last death camped out on a roof and a player flies up above me and shoots me with a shotgun then jumps off the building (5 story apartment block) and kills someone else on the ground. Idea is very good but yet another survival game lacking.
76561197963550741,Not Recommended,295110,19052773,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Matteralous,"This game is garbage.  i spent 3 weeks building a triple tier 7 gate reinforced base, and what happens? people hack into my base through a wall they shouldnt be able to get through and steal EVERYTHING.  this game is full of hackers and sucks."
,Not Recommended,295110,20159475,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,ุ,pile of dogshit
76561198160673508,Not Recommended,295110,20253047,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,godfazza,killed a christmas zombie game crashed relogged in lost all my items gg
,Not Recommended,295110,22264243,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Leo3D,This game has the same problems as rust.Nothing much to do.  Terrible community.  Aimbots.   Locked abandoned bases.Its got it all.
,Not Recommended,295110,14674479,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Deafpool,"I really wanted to love this game.If it was not for the countless bugs, unreal mechanism, this game would be pretty decent. Although sometimes it seems that the number of zombies are even less than players, and this bugs me a bit."
,Not Recommended,295110,14694386,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Beech,"AT PRESENT: 28th February 2015Ok, I'm a little disappointed with what I got for £15. I know it's still early access, but for purpose of this review, I'm treating it as a full game, so I can get my complete, honest opinion out there.So first of all, it's basically another DayZ, just with higher fps and a way smaller map. Familiar already. About 2 minutes in from my first spawn, saw some guys sliding along the road on their asses and chanting in Russian. They spot me, kill me, and according to my friend,♥♥♥♥♥♥my corpse. Familiar again. So I respawn, and get killed by a wolf after it chased me relentlessy along an empty road for like ten minutes. Same happened 3 more times, with zombies. Looted close to 100 houses next life, found nothing but a backpack, loads of civilian clothes, a baseball bat, and a pack of seeds or something. Then I got killed by gangbangers again. Alt+f4, uninstalled, downloaded Dying Light instead. It's way better, I might write a review on that now."
,Not Recommended,295110,19578576,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,✪ Friday,배틀로얄 할때 듣는말 : 차이나 넘버원When you play a Battle Royale maybe you will hear the Chinese are saying China Number one !
,Not Recommended,295110,18256301,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Intoxicated Rainbow,"Okay so whats missed? It's just a copy of a regular survival game like the others in the world-wide internet. the game completely copied by any way from few species of games, which means that you copied some ideas that I've been seen already. and I don't mind. really. the only funny thing in-game is the Battle Royal. but everything else is just useless. PVE has a bad performences, and everything seems like you just wanted to create a game and release it. game performences by the engine sucks, what means most of the people uses config to lower their graphics to match your ""requirements"". Although. there is alot of thing that is missed in-game such, and here is a List of few of them.Engine Performences:Since you are formerly SOE I hoped atleast you to have better server and game performences. why so? because thing about that people such as casual gamers who attend to play in your games every day, throw money on you everyday for exclusive items, but what people want. just a smoothly well done game. I'm not talking aboutEARLY ACCESSbecause I've been experienced alot of games who been in ""Early Access Session"" and they still on it. but they keep to work on the engine performences, and why? because they want people to have the best. for an example. even with Titan X you can't run H1Z1 smoothly, why? because you get FPS Drops every five seconds. in city, in forests and so on.Visual Scripting:So-.. It really looks like you haven't put much effort on the game. and I'm not talking about that the ""case"" things copied from somewhere else, or having bases which came from somewhere else. but I know ""nothing is reserved"" when it comes to systems in survival games. the car mechanic sucks, whenever who has speed as a porsche with a small jeep, the turning directions are too sharp, you must have to work on the game vehicle technic itself.Unique Ideas:So the only thing that has pop on my mind, is that ""Battle Royal"" or as it called by it's genre ""Last one standing"" mode. is the only thing in-game that makes it more unique, and why so? because the maps in-game. or I most say ""the whole map"" is too small. which means having 200 players in a session, fighting eachother in frustrating situations. the mode is kinda fun and I think it's the only thing that makes the game unique from the others.Mods:PVP / PVE - So-.. from the short time I've played this gameand I have been played survival games for yearsthis mode sucks. why? because the materials spawn rarely, crafts are unable to achive since every person can camp in somewhere and hunt your♥♥♥♥♥ and I know it's survival. but having outposts for every player it's a bad idea. since there is some people that can abuse it, also I don't see any difference and whats makes you unique from DayZ or ArmA III or any other survival games that comes up. Let's take a look about the looting system. most of the ""materials"" are hidden in cars, which is sucks, which is a result from laziness, and why I say so? because SOE. really in DCUO you put much effort than all the games in your company, and I played DC and I saw that everything , even the little ones you put effort on them. and thats what I like. what I see in H1Z1 is just a result of lazy programmers, who developed the mods boring so people can stick up to Battle Royal and get bored every hour or two.Forgot to mention, would you like please to fix the ""unconnectable server issue"" that I can't patch my game or just click player?Thank you.Thats all. it's a long review. but I think thats everything I said by playing some hours ingame."
76561198045398788,Not Recommended,295110,18422430,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Mindburn,♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,295110,14008978,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Killaman Shank 1 ✔,This is a brandnew Uninstalling Simulator.H1Z1 2015 Uninstalling Simulator(Wasted my money)
76561198077988625,Not Recommended,295110,18226162,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Thugnificent,"A piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥.. After a decent amount of time played on h1 it was a roller coaster ride of suspensions and bans that I didn't deserve... If the developer's realized that 90% percent of their game is hackers and there leaves many problems for false bans and other problems that they don't address whatsoever... support is worst I have ever seen, why pay 20 dollars playing the game without cheats to be told you were witnessed hacking by one of their ""hard"" working gms and when I try to appeal they perma-ban me, close my ticket, and never hear from them again... really goes to show how good their anti-cheat is... joke of a game company and a disgrace to the industry."
76561198041985869,Not Recommended,295110,17316658,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,LeMMingSlayeR,"Here is my experience with H1Z1 to date.  Time gaps where nothing eventful happened. The only gameplay is on PVE servers as I only want to play the game itself not worry about other players/trolls/hackers who just want to f$%# with people.Day 1 - Install game.  Find server.  Start game.  Play for 3 hours, find AK47 but no ammo yet.  Finish the session with a new friend in Zimms Hardware Store.  Log off.Day 2 - Decide to play in different server because new friend had a base already on said server.  Spawn again, but this time use the ""shred pants to make a bow and arrows"" gimmick, makes the first hour easier when I get attacked by a wolf.  Friend gives me backpack to make resource gathering for my own base easier.Day 4 - Find unclaimed ground tamper, claim and begin building base.  Now fully equipped with military backpack, recurve bow, night vision goggles, and laminated body armor.  Also have shotgun.Day 5 - Internet connection times out in Romero's parking lot, die without knowing what killed me.  Respawn and make my way back to base.  Thankfully, friend found my corpse and saved as much of my equipment as he could carry while I made my way across 7/8 of the map with no pants.Day 7 - Base almost finished, upper wall half completed and have two lookout towers.  Full setup including workbench, rainwater collector and barbeque. Lots of equipment and supplies stored in base as I am beginning to think my character just might be able to survive the apocalypse.Day 8 - Find car.  So happy as I carry around a car battery and sparkplugs when exploring just in case I manage to find one.  Get Jeep running and take back to base. Car is parked in base.  Inside my shack getting more biofuel for Jeep and resupplying for expedition to Rancho Taquito (I've never been there as I didn't want to go on foot) when suddenly another player starts lobing grenades into my base.  Before I know it the vehicle that I had spent over a week trying to find was destoyed after being in my posession for less than 20 minutes.  I followed the player across town in an attempt to ascertain why he felt the need to destroy my Jeep, seeing as if he had just asked I would have taken him for a ride with me wherever he wanted to go.  But he stopped on the first safe ground he found and logged off without a word.Day 9 - I will find a new game to play, because when I play a game I play for the experience/story, and chalk this up to another reason why I usually do not buy online-multiplayer games.  Because for people like me, it is gamers who ruin games.  If H1Z1 becomes a offline standalone game, or gives players the option to create a host/closed server for friends only, I may reconsider my opinion of this game.  As it is, I cannot recommend it in it's current state because I do not think it is fun/entertaining to spend a week trying to complete a (albeit self-assigned) objective, only to have some          a-hole destroy it the minute I complete it, for absolutely no reason."
,Not Recommended,295110,14003629,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,vanburman,I cannot reccomend buying at the moment. As you cannot get on to the game. Give it some time and come back to it once the problems have been ironed out!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dcmFbOJUcM4&list=UU_FT7RqnjO4UpC58OEJlEeA
76561198208804484,Not Recommended,295110,14829733,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Pathogen,They say they are working on stopping hackers but they are running rampant and know that they are not really banning anyone or doing anything about it. But lets keep working on graphics and content to the game while the hackers ruining it for everyone playing legit. Not much of a future for this game. It will fail like so many others that hackers have destroyed.
,Not Recommended,295110,14828415,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,cyanide,Would be a fun game if the cheating weren't so rampant.-Hack that shows where your hidden stashes are-Hack that shows other players' locations-Hack that gives invulnerability-Hack that gives whatever items they wantI'd be happy if they at least got rid of the first 3 hacks
,Not Recommended,295110,16377828,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Infernus,Wait till F2P
,Not Recommended,295110,17852233,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Iceborg,Battle royale is fun once in a while.  But the main game is still full of hackers and glitches.
,Recommended,295110,14055557,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,JJokes,This game has much potential and is already fun!. Ignore the people who have 2hours on record saying it's boring. What do you really know about a game like this after 2 hours>? Thats right.. nothing.. Also the fact that it was just released in Early Access!. Cmon people... it has already progressed majorly since release and is only going to get better!.Anyways. Since no one will actually care about this post or all I will get are Hate comments (Save it.. I'm not actually going to read or care about them) I will leave it at... This game is good and will only be getting better!.
,Not Recommended,295110,21141195,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,twitch.tv/unorthodoxocelot,"Before the new company take over, this game was amazing and was going places.  I would have rated 9/10 even in early access.  But with Daybreak, this game is a cash grab.  It shouldn't even be allowed to call itself Early Access at this point.  Survival is a pipe dream now, updates are scarce for it.  Battle Royal gets all the updates and survival is left forgotten by the developers.  To make matters worse, the game modes are now being split and priced seperately at 19.99 per game mode.  This way they no longer have to pander to the wants and dreams given to the survival players.  Shady tactics from a shady company.  I will never invest in a game made by daybreak from here on out."
76561198245678358,Not Recommended,295110,18722379,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Berx,FIX YA♥♥♥♥♥♥ CHAIRS BE KILLING ME N♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,295110,18880216,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Kur mot kreft,Bra zombi spel
,Recommended,295110,14031923,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Merdi COYS,"It's good, but doesn't rival with DayZ,  they also have to improve Battle Royale and certain events and perhaps make it free.Edit: It has been improved very much and they have added many more guns items of clothing and little things to craft and discover. The Battle Royale is now much better and free! I would of even bought this game just for the Battle Royale! At the moment I am enjoying this game and I would say to others that it might be worth a purchase, but if you're patient wait for it to be free. You also have to remember when you buy an early accesss game. You're really paying for development and deciding what you want in the game because you think it has lots of potential and looks awesome and you would love to help assist in its production."
76561198182585095,Not Recommended,295110,19243832,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Steven_alumbaugh,LOTS OF HACKERS!!!!!!!!!
76561198198863495,Not Recommended,295110,19302352,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Ursusuru,"So recently I bought the game. Before I could actually get in to the game in the literal meaning  It threw me out saying that I have been banned, send a ticket to the support .There was no response whatsoever . I was banned for no other reason than trying to get in .I would recommend not buying this game."
,Not Recommended,295110,21673174,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Nubface,"Charging per gamemode now, Daybreak?Disgusting.Literally disgusting.Biggest middle finger to the gaming community since on-disc locked DLC content.And this review is coming from someone who owned the game way before the split, and didn't have to pay for your shady gamemode split.Cannot in good conscience recommend.Developers have made clear they're only in this for as much cash as possible."
,Not Recommended,295110,34283164,Posted: 16 August,all,Man On The Moon,"This game turned into a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Before it got it's new update, it was pretty fun if not buggy. But now they have completely destroyed it. It should have never happened and we need to kill it with fire."
,Not Recommended,295110,21138859,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,AndrewDigiorno,"Oh Boy! Why have you became one of the Money Greedy sheep? I think we have enough of them currently. I love this game, its very good, but for future players that have to pay 20$ for EACH Gamemode is nonsence.Many players in the community have been discussing splitting the game and we’ve heard you loud and clear.When a community says to split a game (even though thats the worst decision I have ever heard of), I don't think they expect you to sell both halves for the current price! Overall, this does not look like a community driven move, this looks like a greedy move. Don't be one of the FINE ♥♥♥♥ ups."
,Not Recommended,295110,34284193,Posted: 16 August,all,xMatthewv,"This game now sucks, they added 1/4 of the map and only wooden base building. The zombies hit too hard and they can attack you from miles away along with hitting through rocks.The old game used to be amazing, this new game they have made sucks."
,Not Recommended,295110,14792892,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,badnesso,"Hackers, hackers, and yep you guessed it more hackers.Would recomend for hacking 10/10"
,Not Recommended,295110,14829877,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,evenmore awful than before,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAMEThis is my first time buying an early acess game, and I deeply regret it. It crashes immediately, when it's opened. None of the fixes are helping."
,Not Recommended,295110,34268834,Posted: 15 August,all,Ebenuscrux,"Since the new update the game is unplayable. Free build system, gone...have to use strongholds where everyone knows you are at. Starts you off with less than 1/4th of the map playable. Zombie spawn rated are 10 times the previous version so you can't even gather basic materials to survive with out a horde on you 100% of the time and then if you bleed at all, you are pretty much dead because gathering 10 coth in that game to make 1 gause is near impossible with the horde on your rear 24/7. Zombies 2 hit you regardless of your health...completely 100% unplayable and unbalanced.Do yourself a favor, do NOT buy this game."
,Not Recommended,295110,18900403,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,ChickenPort,"Not recommended by any stretch of the imagination. A great foundation with tons of promise, ruined by what appears to be a money hungry and incompetent development team. The few updates that do occur introduce more bugs than they fix. This game is most definitely NOT a survival game. Avoid like the plague*.*plague coming Soon™."
,Not Recommended,295110,18894509,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,EpoK,"A bunch of greedy ♥♥♥♥s with their tongues stuck deep into the♥♥♥♥♥of streamers.It was advertised as a survival zombie MMO and is FAR from that. EVERY once of progress as been aimed only at those damned BR's . They event made a invitational with a cash prize  for their little streamer♥♥♥♥♥♥ Then theirs also the whole debacle whit their crate and the market. They tought they didnt make enough cash already so they decided to make skins tradable only and force us to buy keys and gamble away our hard earned money.In short, this game should be removed from steam for breach of agreement and false advertising.DO NOT BUY THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥!!"
,Not Recommended,295110,18904483,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Absolut_LaX,"I will change my review once the people making this game show some upside, change the way they're doing things, and deliver on their promises..They constantly promise things and don't deliver, they plan on milking their playerbase in the near future for every penny they have (by charging for the BR game mode), and all around it seems the devs behind this game have lost all common business sense / direction...I don't recommend this game in the current state - Although it can be fun in many aspects - With the current direction this game is going in, it's unfortunately only destined to fail/lose it's playerbase sooner than later."
76561198012739502,Not Recommended,295110,18900643,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,leggacy,"Game started out great, the devs kept everyone in the loop on the dev process with things like the roadmap and dev videos and such. Now most of this is gone and the game is stalled, they only focus on the battle royale part of the game which has caused the survival aspect to suffer. Basically if you play survival for a day, you have experienced all it has to offer and its just repetition from there."
,Not Recommended,295110,19884026,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,BSD,A game that was completely destroyed by a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ dev team who didnt and will never listen to the community. Awful team with awful decisions. The game is only enjoyable for PVE players since the updates that are released dont benefit the REAL JS players at all. (One of the recent updates being handcuffs being improved) who the ♥♥♥♥ wants that?? Smh.#Z1
76561198074035702,Not Recommended,295110,14013505,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,ErwoodIsDead,"It's a terrible game at the moment, not even anywhere near as good as unturned when that first came out.Here's what will happen:- Log in spawn in the middle of no where run around mashing E to collect blackberries before you starve- Find a town, there is no loot at all- Find another town that looks the same as the first, there is no loot at all- Find another town that looks the same as the second there is no loot at all- Run back out into the forrest mashing E collecting blackberries before you starve- Find another town that looks like the third, there is no loot at all- Run back out into the forrest mashing E collecting blackberries before you starveGet the picture?Now, I get that this is an early access Alpha, but to me it's not even that, there is such little content, everything looks the same, textures are terrible even on ultra, sounds are rubbish, and it has so many bugs, it really is just a terribly boring, poor performing waste of money right now, it looks like a very basic demo tbh. £14.99 for this is robbery, I am starting to think that SOE just hyped this up to make a ton of cash from palming this crappy demo off as an Alpha to make a quick buck and then will dump it.I so wish I had waited until today to see the reviews and saved the cash.Oh, and servers are just full of 'Yawn-Day-z-the-moment-I-see-another-person-I-am-trying-to-kill-even-if-it-means-chasing-you-with-a-stick-for-30-mins' type 10 year olds.GG..."
,Not Recommended,295110,18223708,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Haydeez,"Previously I recommended this game, and after 500 hours playing it I definitely got my moneys worth. However with the recent resurgence in no clip raiding I have to change this.Pros:-Further along in development than DayZ or other similar games-Battle Royale mode if you just want to shoot things instead of play survival-Survival can be a lot of fun to play with friends, and the game strongly encourages you to join a group/interact with people-Loot is somewhat scrace and getting anything in large quantities will take a while, however it's frequent enough for any player to get a gun, ammo, and shack within an hour or two.-Several comprehensive wiki's that layout the crafting systemCons:-Zombies are not really a big part of the game and are only really a problem in cities, where even then they are mostly a minor annoyance-For a variety of reasons the game is not suitable to people who do not wish to eventually join a group, If you're just looking to play alone, then be prepared to die and lose you're loot a lot-The games community has a KOS culture that the game has not (yet) attempted to address, There's no real disadvantage to killing everyone you see if you can do it. For some people this is an issue, and while it was fun for me at first I must say towards the end of last wipe I grew tired of killing fresh spawns with no loot. So naturally my friends and I handcuffed them, forced them into my base and forced them to fist fight each other for mediocre loot. It was a lot of fun actually (not just for us, many of the fresh spawns were having fun with how ridiculous the situation was) and it showed me that killing everyone you ever see is a lot more boring than interacting with people; even at the barrel of a shotgun.MEGA CON  - HACKERS:If not for the viral amount of hackers in the game I would be recommending people purchase it. I would strongly urge that people check back at a later date when the hacker problem has been (hopefully) addressed. The mods ban a lot of hackers (a dozen a day) however there seems to be an endless flow. With some hackers re-purchasing the game several times over to keep hacking,What hackers do:aimbot/speed hack - these hackers are generally banned quickly due to the obviousness of their crimes. These guys are definitely annoying as they also have ESP running and will sometimes lock down a section of the map until they are banned/leave. It is near impossible to kill them unless you catch them looting a corpse, and even then they will be back mere seconds later.ESP ""only"" hackers - arguably the hardest to track these hackers can see people and items through walls and from miles away. Usually they use this to sneak up on people who could never see them coming. I know of several clans who would have at least one member ESPing while the others were ""legit"" with the ESPer calling out targets for the group to kill. ESP hackers also are known to go around to bases and blow up cars inside the bases with explosive arrows so that they can hog all the cars to themselves.No-clip raiders - My personal most hated type of hacker. These hackers will no clip into your base and steal your stuff. Daybreak has attempted to put measures in place to stop these hackers a few times, but at the time of writing it's still a rampant problem. You come back to your base with a bunch of loot, or maybe after being killed and want to gear up to fight more people only to find all your ammo (as well as other valuables) have been stolen. Usually with a single ""spool of twine"" left on the ground as a calling card. You don't know who took it, you can't get it back, and it took them no effort to do it; oh and they WILL do it again.I really hope daybreak rolls out a strong anti-cheat system soon. The amount of distrust in the community is also high because it's hard to tell if someone is a hacker. Being in a group, or helping a hacker is a bannable offense and so it's a risk when finding new team mates sometimes. I've seen people I used to play with get banned and I had no clue they hacked."
76561198050267561,Not Recommended,295110,21033201,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Sir Wigstan csgoroll.com,It´s not even possible to start it just says there´s an error on it all the time
,Not Recommended,295110,20981222,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Skinny-Fat | YT,Make the game into two diffrent games? and not make it free2play as promised such a f*cking scum move.....was looking forward for the game then they scraped the idea of the map being as big as the planetside 2 map...Money ♥♥♥♥♥s
76561198060618975,Not Recommended,295110,21042096,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,jacktors11,"This game went from 0 to 40 very quickly. And by that I mean they promised a "" Free to Play"" game, and now that same ""game"" is two  $20 dollar games.   I played alot in the beginning, but became frustrated by the amount of players using cheat programs in the game.  The original premise of the game was what attracted me.  They planned to make a map that was 10 times the size of the current one. They planned to add tough zombies, alot of guns, player events, housing, etc.  It looks like that all went out the window like a fart in the wind."
76561198072038811,Not Recommended,295110,18968909,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Kessen,"I originally bought the game because of the survival mode and for a new challenge. Unfortunatly, it seems the development of the game will never surpass Alpha because it's following CS:GO's idea of skins through micro-transactions.Battle Royal is fun but...1. Glitchy as hell... lots of frozen character moments when loading.2. Hit boxes are random a lot.3. Cars can be controlled mid air4. Armor is broken5. Can glitch to the top of building roofs by closing a door + jumping.6. Micro-transactions for skins... *Just like CS:GO*7. Hacker's are teaming now.8. China is number one.9. ATV is pretty worthless unless you're desperate or want to drive up a office building and launch off a roof.10. In a BR with a 5 man team your chances of dying to a teammate are probably 7:3 (out of 10).Pros:1. There is a mute button now."
,Not Recommended,295110,22875018,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Blizz3434,"There's games out there where developers care about their game and work on it, This is Not one of them. Yes this is early access, which means the game isn't finished. How ever all this game offers now a days are Crates, Skins, and point of view angle changes. We have BIGGER issues like hackers and combat systems that need immediate attention. People can fly around, one shotting players from a mile away, and walking through walls. Melee weapons can't hit wild animals and cars disappear.Yet what developers are working on is splitting the game in two and charging double for it, Then chit out these half azzed updates on worthless pov angle changes and spewing out these crates, more crates and skins to spend more money on!!! Buy the game Twice and Buy MORE keys.This company is using 'early access' to churn out quick cash. When they are done they will be shut down, collected all the last drop of money they can squeeze out of these crates and retire, while players are left with azz probing hackers and sewage ."
,Not Recommended,295110,21137346,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Viceroy,"Turned into a cash grab, riddled with Micro- Transactions."
,Not Recommended,295110,22126759,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Sterbin,"I am sorry but DayBreak you have failed big time. You make EA look good, your breaking the game and just focusing on money, when in reality more money will arrive once you fix the game, and remove the money-loving tactics.You did not only cancel my most anticpiated game EverQuest Next but you are also killing my favorite survival game, H1Z1.This game was great when SOE was leading, but now it is crashing into nothingness. You know what to do, so start doing it, or say goodbye to most of your consumers."
76561197963657843,Not Recommended,295110,14943105,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,sniper_bms,"Unless you plan on cheating, then you'll fit right in!"
76561198076505883,Not Recommended,295110,14949624,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Vegetable Madness,They just made a terrible game into a multiplayer free-for-all.3/10
,Not Recommended,295110,14766971,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,mw1ok,This (F)ucking game the (F)ucking crash the so many (F)ucking time man. How can I play this (F)ucking game like so (F)ucking crashing man. Damn man. I ♥♥♥♥ing restart my (F)ucking computer (F)uckinig 10 times man. (F)ucking man.
,Not Recommended,295110,14829303,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,CaliCasanova,"I gave it a chance and went and bought it, without knowing it was going to be free to play. I played it for a while and made a friend, but I really wish I could get a refund. Not so much because of a $ issue, but because I DO NOT support this game in any way. I dislike it very much and was dissapointed when I found out it's gunna be a free to play game and it was not clearly stated when I bought it. My fault! I dont recommend anyone to buy it, its gunna be free anyways and right now its not worth playing. I rather be a part of RUST's constant wipes and updates."
,Not Recommended,295110,14927298,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,spoof,"so bad, so so so so bad pay for airdrops even tho they can be stolen? thats just a stupid idea and evn the battle royale toxic gas wtf is that i know that theres fwere people as they die but not toxic gas and this guy shot my truck while i was driving away and blew it up with 5 shots? really"
,Not Recommended,295110,14960326,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,deVi,"The game doesnt even work. And when you contact customer service about your issues they basically tell you to go ♥♥♥♥ urself, not with those words tho, but by saying ""the problem is your processor"" or ""your internet connection is the issue"". When I connect ANY server it says ""you have been disconnected"" and I cant even logout or open settings in-game."
,Not Recommended,295110,14951645,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Richy_Rich,"The game is awesome. There is crafting, base building, freaky music, and stuff creeps up on you which actually sends chills up my spine when it happens. The game has the potential to be a hit. I would say it already will be except for the one fact that all of us know so well in any multiplayer game. It is INFESTED with scripters! The internet is literaly covered with cheat sites trying to pump their hack programs into the circulation. And you of course fall victim to it in game. The most simplest of hacks people use (i have seen sites giving this particular hack away for free) is the esp hack. Which means you can not hide. A scripter can see all your items, any land mine that is placed, and wherever your hiding. It is outlined in a colored box for that scripter to see. Just check out youtube and you will see what your up against in this game. The esp hack alone is game breaking to the honest player in my opinion. Need not even go into much detail on the flying, aimbot, no clip (allows you to enter a base as walls mean nothing) With all this being said, I would say they did a AWESOME JOB creating a game with a good grasp on creativity and fun, but unless they can make guarentee this game will not be hacked, I would say do not look forward to this game. At least not on PC. It is hacker haven and the countless hours and days you devote to farming a arsenal can be lost in a blink of an eye thanks to this."
,Not Recommended,295110,34261249,Posted: 15 August,all,BIGjonas,"ye, same old crappy game, diferent name to prevent being recognized.The usual stuff... dont buy please <3"
76561198205509537,Not Recommended,295110,35087911,Posted: 20 September,all,bojci,Garbage!!
76561198025461157,Not Recommended,295110,21045023,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,AddAbOy,"Came back from a break playing only to see the hacker problem is worse than ever. Played for a couple hours and was insta killed from an ""unknown"" attacker and its was a pve server.  Bugs and hacker heaven... Dont think i'll be back this time around."
,Not Recommended,295110,14013516,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Gen0,"Well they updated the game to lessen the lie of it not every being P2W so its a ""little"" more bareable.  Still no zombie AI, still just a huge deathmatch with meh graphics.  Basically search for hours to find basic gear, while having to drink a lake's worth of water and eat a truck load of food to stay alive.  Then once geared (no gun unless you buy one usually) some guy comes along and punches you in the face after you hit him with your axe 7 times and gets all your stuff.  Really no point to this game at the moment so many others like DayZ or Arma 3 Epoch that blow this outta the water."
,Not Recommended,295110,18919510,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,123,"Played game since release in survival and BR. Game images almost all consist of displaying the game showing zombies being included and Game describes itself in steam as follows:The H1Z1 virus has destroyed humanity, will you survive? Craft items, scavenge for supplies and build a base to protect yourself from the zombies that lurk in the world. Play Battle Royale to test your skills against 175 other players for rewards and bragging rights on the Leaderboards.Since the game was released, very little has been done to actually improve the survival aspect of the game that has been evidenced to the community. Base Building is still mainly the same, zombies still the same, map is still the same with the exception of a couple of updated areas.The patch ratio between patches that improve survival, BR or are crate related are i'd say about 1:3:3. Any time survival is patched it is mainly only done so as said patch will also benefit the BR aspect of the game. Key examples of this are the lackluster development of the Base Building mechanics (please see ARK & Rust for examples of how base building should be developed) as well as this absolutely no development of the zombies in the game they are all the same aside from visual appearance (again see ARK as example of expanding variety of computer controlled creatures).Limited map size means that all high loot areas are actually too close together and clumped up for it to be possible to have a chance of survival without overcrowding as everybody builds in close proximity to each other around each high loot zone essentially camping all the resources from anybody else who wishes to access them which essentially ruins the ability for any but a few groups of players to play consistently on a server from wipe to wipe (please see dayz for example of bigger map size which, although may be too large for a faster paced game like H1Z1, gives you an idea as to what kind of map most survival players have in mind for these games. To keep things interesting you could even randomise the maps on reset like you do in rust to keep variety in the game??)As per the above, without any focus on what I consider to be three of several important aspects (to list them all would be boring and tedious, please just take my word for it) and an almost exclusive focus on the stream heavy and micro transaction aspect of the game I have taken the time to write my first ever game review on steam, that is how much I would not recommend anybody purchasing this game because is it just mediocre in both aspects. If you want survival please buy either rust or ark, if you want BR please go play arma and if you want skins try TF2 or CSGO i heard those have a lot of them too.Evem if daybreak were developing the survival aspect, they have said nothing to the survival community so for all intents and purposes they may as well not be and in the end their inability to connect and communicate with a large portion of their playerbase is going to kill their game.TLDR: please please don't buy, there are better games our there for all aspects of the game."
76561198118302069,Not Recommended,295110,22081527,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,帝国狙击手,You can't play this game in china unless you use VPN!!!!!! It's not friendly to chinese player.
76561198091933172,Not Recommended,295110,15050804,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Desert Dan,"As the game stands, it is much more stable than DayZ will ever be. However, this doesn't mean that the game is perfect. Many cheaters run wildly on servers and just make the experience less enjoying for others. Once you do get a chance and get some better gear, it will only take mere seconds for a huge group of bandits to shoot you on sight and ruin any chances of survival for you. Not to mention, once you spawn again, you might encounter more bandits who are just waiting for fresh spawns to feast on. Don't get me wrong, H1Z1 does have its moments, but those moments are hardly worth playing for as it seems to be that this game is just another TDM simulator. If you lack self-esteem, I don't see why you wouldn't want to play this game. But for me and the rest who actually want to enjoy themselves without getting killed every now and then, I would just skip this and not waste money for this."
76561198152526764,Not Recommended,295110,14770957,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Turboe1,"we pay money to support a game that is going to be free,get our hopes up,the game is pretty good,but then we are unable to play the game hmmm makes me wonder if i should have went with dayz....i hope the server issue gets fixed fast cuz i want to play a game i payed hard earned money for...like everone else said it is early access BUT we should still be able to play the game cuz a game like this servers should be high priority."
76561198183538615,Not Recommended,295110,14771779,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,edulek47,"I will not recommend a game that I cant play. It's fun and all even if you die and lose all the♥♥♥♥♥♥you just played an hour for, but my game keeps freezing up every 25-30 minutes and I'm just getting tired of restarting my computer!!!! I wish I could get a refund.."
,Not Recommended,295110,14751210,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Magic Man,Wasted my money :(
76561198150528000,Not Recommended,295110,20064764,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,yoMadness,After 1825 hours of mostly survival I think I can pretty much tell you survial is completely filled with aimbotters  and ESP nerds for the last 2 wipes  now (high pop based). 2 wipes ago  i hardly saw any cheater on the high pop server i used to play one but now its literally insane how many cheaters there are now. Now theres literally clans with 10+ kids cheating next to each other. Sending 100s of reports doesnt get them banned thats hilarious tooOnly thing you can have fun with now is team br where you dont get 1 shotted with arrows lol.
76561198025296347,Not Recommended,295110,14754591,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Skhorge,"another run of the mill, early access game based around zombies, and filled with hackers.game is fun for a bit if you have friends to run with but pretty soon turns into a grindfest as you try to avoid hackers, and zombies, the zombies actually work (not glitching through walls and♥♥♥♥♥♥like DayZ) but are so few and far between they become just a minor annoyance, it just becomes another running sim, with limited survival aspects and overall isnt worth buying at any price, save your time and money, and avoid these types of games all together"
,Not Recommended,295110,18670315,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Rick,"I'd expected more, I hope it will be better later."
,Not Recommended,295110,18891738,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Ralphmus,"Everyone calls me a hacker, and according to people my mom will die to cancer or aids. I deserve to die.10/10"
,Not Recommended,295110,18896165,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,OpenAI (easy bot),"We were promised a survival game, we got a Battle Royale standalone. ♥♥♥♥ you Daybreak, seriously. You scammed us, there is no denying."
76561198046354691,Not Recommended,295110,18899460,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,TheKakeisalie,Daybreak=Hitler
,Not Recommended,295110,18896942,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Nimbie,First off I would like to say that when H1Z1 was first released it was an awesome game that completely changed my perspective on sandbox games for the better. However After owning the game since release it is clear that the developers are not interested in continuing the project that they initial started. Work has shifted from the survial aspect of the game to the fire fight game mode known as battle royal. Nearly the entire original development team has been fired of resigned and the remaining group does not care about what was promised to us. This game had unlimited potential but the developers have ignored its customers and will begin to pay the price.
76561198007546807,Not Recommended,295110,18909767,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,chrisjones32,you pay 14.99  for a game then pay in game ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ glad i got my money back early on
,Not Recommended,295110,21289922,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Agreiver,"H1Z1 has now split into 2 games.Why did they split up into 2 games you may ask?CAUSE THEY GET THE CHA-CHING MONEY MONEY $$$Why did they give us the survival game and not the Battle Royale one to start with when I bought the original H1Z1?Because no-one plays that ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥ survival, so they gave you that, forcing you to buy the Battle Royale one! :)Thanks Daybreak Games,You're the ♥♥♥♥ING BEST...(I was being sarcastic...)EDIT:Daybreak Games are not completely ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥."
76561198043053208,Recommended,295110,14089671,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,BuddhasEyes,"So Im not a big fan of how you get me agressively addicted to this game, and the throw an update right as I get home from working. Honestly now!!!!!Well done on the launch, you guys get a gold star!!!PS.......GIVE ME ALL YOUR SCRAP METAL!!!!!Please have bullets crafting by .50 update I would really appriciate thatFrom the guy hidding all the jeeps in the forest,HewasRobertPalson"
,Recommended,295110,14001258,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Keweiler,First Day Im Friendly.2 Days Later.Kill on Sight.
,Not Recommended,295110,20902527,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,BarDocK,The survival game that i once liked is gone and we got a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ thing called Battle Royale.... UghhhNot to mention that it runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥on my pc :/
76561198063666118,Not Recommended,295110,14915346,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,JudgeAl,"A sanitized, small, less immersive, boring, cut down, inferior, unbalanced version of DayZ.Sanitized:You can find plenty of guns in the game but if you are lucky enough to find some ammo it will be one round at a time. It can take hours to find up to five bullets so you really don't want to waste them by killing zombies. In the end you will be using the bow and arrow for most of the game. There's also a problem with punches stunning you for a short time which means that if a person gets close enough they can beat you to death with their fists before you even get a hit in with your crowbar, baseball bat, bow, etc.Small:The map size is far smaller than what DayZ has to offer. Check out the map here onhttp://www.h1z1db.co.uk/map/and you'll see that there is about one house for each person on a server, assuming there are up to 200 people playing on a full server. Houses and other loot spawns are quickly raided and players are obsessed with killing you for your shirt.Less Immersive:The graphics are on a par or marginally better than DayZ but due to the small map size and few models you quickly get bored of the scenery. Lacking are the military buildings, ocean, ports, construction sites and anything other than a hick town might have.Boring:There's very little to do except run from wolves and bears. The zombies are spread out across the map on what feels like a grid pattern. They don't group into hoards and are slow enough that you can outrun them easily so there is zero incentive for people to work together in some organized way and you end up with a PvP punching simulator.Cut Down:With the development company (SOE) being sold to Daybreak Games which is an investment firm there probably isn't going to be any emphasis on building this game up to the scale of DayZ. Don't expect planes, helicopters, military vehicles or the like. So just like the H1N1 flu virus scare, don't believe the hype surrounding this game.Inferior:There are vitamins, immunity boosters and a lot of medication you can hoard but so far there are no diseases in the game so it has a long way to go to match the competition. Certainly you are not going to break you leg jumping off of a crate or running through a building as with DayZ but that is only because there is no such thing as a broken bone in the game. I wouldn't call an omitted game mechanic better than a broken one.There are a few cars in the game, 15 to be exact, but they spawn at known locations and once owned they remain owned until they are destroyed which is almost never in PvE. Players have already learned to build their bases around these spawn points and unlike Rust you cannot break into or destroy these bases so the spawn points are effectively inaccessible to new players.Unbalanced:I'm all for punches having a stun effect but when you are wearing a crash helmet and swinging a crowbar like a madman and some fresh spawn can punch you to death then there is a problem. An evasive player is hard to hit with an arrow and there is so little ammo that this is a situation you are very likely to experience.Conclusion:In all I'd say the game is good for a few days before any novelty or lack thereof runs out and you feel like going back to a real game like ARMA. For the best experience just start a new character, kangaroo hop up to the most heavily equiped player on the map, punch him continuously while bobbing up and down until he dies, grab all of his hard earned loot and then logout."
76561198176738865,Not Recommended,295110,14787950,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Rafiki,/
,Not Recommended,295110,14910233,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Purim,"pretty lame, dont buy it."
,Not Recommended,295110,19400982,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,danagan,I loved this game. The release of this game made me so ♥♥♥♥ing enthusiastic. Finally! I could live in a world where zombies took over surviving with other folks.Nope. I can join a ♥♥♥♥ing battle royale with NO zombies just to shoot at and get shot by ♥♥♥♥ing CoD ♥♥♥♥heads
,Not Recommended,295110,18908610,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,U5,真J8垃圾 老外现在研制出心的外挂比TMC更牛逼 今天我们团队9个人全被他们打死了 家也被他们炸了我们群体举报没一个被封 反而我们中国玩家很多被误封妈逼的黎明程序员你TM全家 骨灰拌饭 灵车漂移  亲妈摇树   坟头崩迪   不服我们中国就TM来干仗啊  我真是日了狗了
76561198115174302,Not Recommended,295110,14011245,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,jbennett,"Lag is soooooo bad here in the EU that it is unplayable for that reason alone.  I highlight an item to examine, press ""E"", wait for about 3 seconds, receive a ""press [E] to examine"" type message, wait another 2 or 3 seconds, and finally inventory pops open to show that nothing is found.   When trying to find a ""better"" server connection, all I receive is a full green bar for ping.  How is that possible?  What a piece of xxxxxx!And if that is not enough, the server rule sets are odd at best.  Why isn't there a PvE zombie attacking rule set?  I chose a PvE rule set server to learn the game expecting to fight zombies and not other players.   But on such crap server, zombies just stand around like statues.  I've played DayZ and this is clearly no upgrade from what I can tell.  Until something changes dramatically, do NOT buy this poor DayZ knockoff attempt failing game.  Steam is likely receiving a LOT of complaints from♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off purchasers with their associated refund requests.  You've been warned."
,Recommended,295110,14767715,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Korva,Great game!
76561198088098944,Not Recommended,295110,14010680,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Death Stare,"finally able to get in the game, only to find out these self-centered americans have 40 us servers running and 5 eu servers. average wait time for an eu server is 80 minutes. so far ive been enjoying 5 hours of loading and logging in and i had the pleasure of having 4 minutes in game time before the server dropped and i can now go back into the queue"
76561198065881410,Not Recommended,295110,14011199,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Double Great Alexander,Blackberry Farming Simulator 10/10
,Not Recommended,295110,17514228,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Vinn,"Currently I can not recommend this game to anyone, played it when it came out and was pretty hyped for it but sadly that dropped off pretty quickly. The survival aspect of this game is pretty gross, the thing that is popular is the Battle Royale and even then they aren't that spectacular. Even though this game is in 'Alpha', that excuse can't really be used anymore as almost all games come out for an alpha and a lot of them are fully functioning and have good content.CONS~~-The cars feel like they weigh about 20 pounds as they bounce around on the slightest bump.-Movement is pretty clunky and animations dont feel natural.-Gun play is very mediocre, killing people doesn't feel rewarding.-Game sounds are pretty bad, guns sound wimpy and everything else sounds non-realistic.-Environment feels like its all made of concrete.♥♥♥♥♥load of hackers.PROS~~???"
,Not Recommended,295110,14012566,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Division7Hills,Wait till it is free. SONY SEND ME A CHECK FOR 19.99.
,Not Recommended,295110,14015668,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Jeremiad c(-;,You need to queue hours to be able join servers just to loot empty objects with huge delays. Lootable items are berries and sticks.
76561198138287810,Not Recommended,295110,22015996,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Adzy,"Disliked everything and that fact the developers are doing nothing to get rid of hackers.   Every second person is using hacks and nothing gets done. DO NOT PURCHASE!!!Again I say, do not purchase. every wipe or update it gets worse.DO NOT PURCHASE!!!!Been a week since last login, i cannot create character.If you are about to purchase this game, don't as you will not be able to play anyway."
,Not Recommended,295110,18969411,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Hateless,"Hacker infested survival with very few players, everyone else is teabagging in BR."
,Not Recommended,295110,21613472,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,303 Dreams,CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB CASH GRAB OH AND ZOMBIES
,Recommended,295110,14028829,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,GuidoFTO,"IS NOT A BAD GAME... BUT.... (IN MY OPINION) This is a mix of DAYZ, Infestation and RUST... So the game system is nothing new to me... i was expecting something new and original...I hate infestation LOOTING SYSTEM... interactable Items glow and when you search stuff or eat there is no animations... i am more of a dayz standalone guy... Eating animations, opening animations... etc..(just realism in general) not just a timer that counts 3 seconds to simulate eating time.I do have to say the crafting system is pretty original and great !In conclusion... if you love survival games you will have fun... but dont expect something amazing like int he trailers.Hope it helped !"
76561197960963776,Not Recommended,295110,14997972,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Schwede,"DONT BUY THIS GAME, its only a waste of money."
76561197973937243,Not Recommended,295110,14006735,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Lieutenant Dan,SOE fail...
76561197976131630,Not Recommended,295110,14738707,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Deadroots,"FULL cheat player (aimbot,wallhack,esp)"
,Recommended,295110,14109708,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Elusive Sky,"So far Ive spent about 22hrs playing the game and have a lot of content to still go over. With that said, I can at least tell you that Ive been enjoing it so far! The game seems stable, not too glitchy, and no random FPS drops  when just standning aorund. I love how the game looks  and the crafting part of the game seems very fun and interesting.  So far my only complaints are not being able to change my keybinds and the push to talk key. I have a love/hate relationship with the item drop rate. I like how things are a bit scarce but i hate how most ( if not all) of the houses are empty. Mainly things like  cabinets, crates, chest.. etc. I do kinda of like how theres not  that many guns aorund. IMO, it kinda helps mkae the game feel more like a survival/crafting type of game than a PVP game ( even though I enjoy playing on PVP servers). I love how theres already cars in the game and hope they'll continue to add different types of transportation, like a bike for example. Also I sometimes wonder how I think it would be cool to add or craft car keys? Also being able to craft a tent would be really cool.  Anywho, the rest of my complaints will most likely be fixed or added to the game so im looking forward to seeing what happens as time goes on. One thing Im really looking foraward to is being able to pick your character's race and  sex. Im also hoping there will be quite a few options to customize your character. It would be really cool if you added more cosmetics too;) Either way its a fun game so far and hope that it only gets better. Defaintly a fun game to play, being that its in Alpha."
,Not Recommended,295110,14013488,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,[f13]rattran,"It's more of a tech demo from ~3 years ago than even an alpha for a  game. Wait until launch, then avoid it would be my recommendation."
,Not Recommended,295110,24288979,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Er3bas,"First to talk about the game:It is quite enjoyable as a game. To run around trying to find some stuff gather up materials and craft lots of items exp: base, harvest fields, repair and healing kits and etc.What made me think about the game and want me to share my opinion was:1) The game is out for some time now, but some of the features are still not finished.exp: 1 - Base buildings can be entered with just disconnecting cable and going through metal walls or doors. Which allows sometimes to steal loot from parts of the base that is not fully locked. ( But the base is blocked from the outside right ?)2 - When you get into the game and you played it a bit, you discover that you can raid other peoples bases, but then you walk around peoples bases and suddenly see shacks flying in the air with no connections to the ground. Sad part you have a chance of raiding them cause some of the bases can be built from 16 or more foundations that means you have to destroy every building around that shack that you want to raid and that would take an inmeresuable amount of resources which would you result busily living in the game and not enjoying it.3 - I found out a lot of drivers and settings you can do to boost your fps, but that doesn't work if the area you live in is highly populated. Most of the computers that have only minimum or medium requirements can't run around in the city and play normal course they get the really low frame rate or impossible drops. So we are speaking of 0 optimized for NVIDIA or Radeon video cards.4 - The massive exploits like you can farm metal as much as you want with just 1 crowbar or similar materials.Would I recommend buying the game? No, it is not worth your time at the moment until they finally release it and update the visual"
,Not Recommended,295110,14018524,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Ed-e,"Launch really sucks, but what games don't have issues at launch?don't expect to hop right in after purchasing either, because for some reason most people can't play because of g29 or g99  errors or w/e issues soe is having with servers.I say WAIT another week, before purchasing and trying it out. because login issues are a huge pain right now and seems like there sum type of p2w method implemented with the airdrops. (it doesn't matter if theres a slight chance of weapons or not, it still some type of way of getting an advantage).but so far, my experience with this game and developers isn't much different from warz. but hey its only been a day."
76561198091944502,Not Recommended,295110,22281264,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Mr Dusty,What was the point of splitting H1Z1? IT WORKED but of course daybreak are greedy and just ruined the game. Not to mention this version is called 'Just Survive' what a horrible name that sounds boring i only ever played king of the hill anyway. If you want a real survival game play Dayz Standalone compare my hours to that game and you will see why.
,Not Recommended,295110,19270736,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Forbisjunk,"This product could be great, as of now I would wait.  The Dev's have done almost nothing for the past year except, add a few things and cancel a ton of things.  I might not have 100+ or 500+ hours but, the time I played was when it first released.  This was when everything was new and exciting (trying to learn a new game) then, nothing.  Everything went to hell.  The game is ugly, the gameplay is♥♥♥♥♥♥ hackers are everywhere, and all we keep getting is broken promises and battle Royal game modes.  Honestly, i have never been in a early access game that has SO many microtransactions.  Seriously, you have the money, make it better.  This dev team is slow and unresponsive.  I can't wait to play a the zombie MMO they described.Also,H1Z1 is currently in Early Access on Steam. With a fully transparent approach to game design and development here at Daybreak Games, we want to transform the way our players interact and participate with our games. (this is laughable!  They have been nothing but transparent) H1Z1 Early Access is your chance to experience and make a difference in H1Z1 as it evolves throughout the development process.  (When is going evolve?  more BR modes?)The H1Z1 development team will continue to create new features and may make significant changes based on the needs of the game. (AGAIN, WHEN?  I have yet to see a change the community wanted) Those who choose to purchase Early Access should anticipate an evolving feature set, bugs, incomplete content, missing features, and potentially game breaking issues. Early Access is designed for those wishing to support the ongoing development of H1Z1 and be a part of shaping its future.  (Understandable.  Yet, this dame is so buggy and broken it is not even funny)GAMEPLAYEnter a world that has been overrun by zombies (NOPE) and fellow survivors (KOSer's) since the H1Z1 virus outbreak. Fight for your life against the infected and against the brutality of others as you attempt to live and see another day. Every moment is borrowed time with one question to answer… Will You Survive (this MONEY GRAB???????"
,Not Recommended,295110,14007736,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Khlilo,This Game keep crashing every time i click play. Waste of Money!
76561198160138016,Not Recommended,295110,14009396,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,andystud44,help me game wont play i get error all the time help
,Not Recommended,295110,20604452,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,TomThehTmoT,"Plays 1.3 hours,Hasn't launched game, Launcher is bad, Help, Eh.....10-10/10"
,Not Recommended,295110,14014490,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,MACHELELE,This is the only review I'll ever submit and I've owned thousands of games.Stay away from this game. It is far from shippable product.
,Not Recommended,295110,14014503,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,[DMR] ChrisBotes_ZA,h1z1 is the shitest game i have ever bought. its just as bad as war z i want a refund on this S.H.I.T. Please save your money and buy arma 3 or dayz. i spent $40 on this S.H.I.T.
,Not Recommended,295110,18226965,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,vcmadman {pt},"zombie game with no zombies, people are the real danger!The comunity is so toxic, like u see a player far away, u want to go talk to him/her to try form a party and go scanvage/kill zombies together, that will most likely get u killed and then u hv to respawn and do it all over again, the game is not really good"
,Not Recommended,295110,14959335,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Mars,Download the game...To start the game..Bug...Restart Game...Bug...
76561197996560831,Not Recommended,295110,14011870,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,"Settle down, okay?",P2W♥♥♥♥♥♥DONT BUY
76561198005817182,Recommended,295110,14058507,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,[TGB] Evil FLiNT,"The game did have a rocky start true ... the elements which are pay2win are a bit sketchy and hard to palate for some ... but for an early alpha the game is a hell of a lot of fun. The combat elements are great. Realistic and fun. My only real concern is actually content ... I know Alpha blah ... but what exactly am I meant to be doing in this world beyond killing players, zombies, scavenging with a bit of crafting? I think they need to start thinking of content a bit more ... or setting it up for player content like Eve. But definitely a solid 9/10 from me."
76561197985937296,Not Recommended,295110,21139486,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,jänkäsd,Get scammed :DD
,Not Recommended,295110,21108127,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,《【SD】》 Muir,"1/15/15Will the game be priced differently during and after Early Access?“Initially available as a Steam Early Access title with optional in-game RMT marketplace purchases, H1Z1 will later launch as a Free to Play. Your Way™ title with optional in-game RMT marketplace purchases.”2/5/16Q: Will H1Z1: Just Survive and H1Z1: King of the Kill become Free-to-Play games after they come out of Early Access?A: At this time, we do not have any plans to make either H1Z1: Just Survive or H1Z1: King of the Kill Free-to-Play titles.Daybreak used cashgrab - It was super effective.Customer used refund - it was super effective.Daybreak blacked out."
76561198135554060,Not Recommended,295110,18923355,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Ziltoid,I want to love this game but the hackers have completely over run it. I know the developers have done a lot to try to weed them out but unfortunetly this game seems to be lost. Hit detection on this game is absolutely broken as well as basic game mechanics.
,Not Recommended,295110,18925045,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Chingene,"Optimization is really bad ! and for that game too much ram use! also the cheaters , game sucks u will like it but when u cannot play it good u will say its a waste of money and time.."
,Not Recommended,295110,21042628,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,pee pee poo poo hahahahaaa,"whatever you do, don't buy this game"
,Not Recommended,295110,19349247,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,◄■NuttyTheSquirrel■►,"The game had a concept that was pretty sick, i spent quite a few hours playing it. From a development prespective it was really acceptable since it was in (and still is) alpha tests.A year after, the game is still in alpha test and after reading a few reviews the idea I get it's that the game is stuck in between where it was a year ago (yes sure, they added new content, that doesn't work...).The game isn't optimized, kinda reminds me of GTAIV when it was released for PC. The recomended specs are far beyond what you really need to play this game.The final feeling it's that you'll feel sad if you had bought this game, personally, I quitted playing it a long time ago."
76561198271177128,Not Recommended,295110,21670812,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,johnyglock1,WOULD BE A FUN GAME.....THE PROBLEM IS ALL THE HACKERS RUINED IT AND THE MODERATORS CANT KEEP UP.  I PLAYED FOR ABOUT A WEEK AND GOT SO TIRED OF THE HACKING I QUIT!
,Not Recommended,295110,21663618,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Dio,Garbage.
,Not Recommended,295110,21596211,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,MegaSamGames,"20$ (or less) games that are better then h1z1 that you should checkout instead- American Truck Sim- Battlefield 4- Garry's Mod- Skyrim: Elder Scrolls- CS:GO- Rocket Leauge- Rust- Left 4 Dead 2- Insurgency- Sims 3- Game Dev Tycoon- Besiege- Far Cry 3- Portal- Protal 2And the list go's on and on, just buy something else honestly. Don't waste your money on this."
,Recommended,295110,14506866,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,StaariZA,"It's definitely worth it. The amount of freedom the game offers is remarkable and its still growing, as an alpha game it is worth getting involved in.I don't regret buying it and been having a hell of a time regardless of all its bugs (which are being sorted out).I would however have liked if the game had more items and item interaction - to me more is always better.I would recommend this game if you like game-testing, survival, multiplayer, interaction on a broad scale, building, discovering, crafting and heart-pounding adventure!"
,Not Recommended,295110,18494932,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,beanamonster,"If this game didn't crash my graphics card every 10 minutes, or crash every 20 minutes, or kill my character for no reason twice a day, or run like a herd of turtles through a road of peanut butter, or have the simplest yet most annoying bugs, I would totally recommend it.In the meantime, I'll be not refunding it in hopes that someday it'll actually work."
76561198256689700,Not Recommended,295110,18662694,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,sammjj,really laggy
,Not Recommended,295110,21354323,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Lil Xan,"If Hitler made a game then decided he wanted more money for his mediocre game, he would do what the people who made this game are doing."
76561198064886098,Not Recommended,295110,21374788,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Владимир Путин,"♥♥♥♥ off guys 2015 yeah yeah it will be free to play the map will be bigger2016 2 games , not free to play devs "" we dont have any plan to make both games free to play "" no bigger map .. ?"
76561198174401317,Not Recommended,295110,21396574,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Questionability,"H1Z1 is just get killed by asians simulator 2016. Are they hacking? who knows. probably. Can you kill them? -- occasionally, but where one asain is, 15 are sure to follow.10/10 would shotgun an asian in the chest and still die again"
,Not Recommended,295110,21377850,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Tgoose24,worst zombie game one there are no cars because they only spawn once and people will kill you even on pveand building is bad to because it is only up for one week and it dosnt matter how big it is and poeple block off spawns for good loot
,Not Recommended,295110,34595080,Posted: 29 August,all,LIL BONG hellcase.com,"this game is just bad in everyway, people who like it are people who have never played h1z1 they took evreything i loved about the game and basically blew it upso all in all i am never playing this game again"
,Not Recommended,295110,34596761,Posted: 29 August,all,JunkHead,"If you dont own this game STAY AWAY from the ""Add to cart"" button. Update is TRASH! Devs dont listen to the community! Right now this game is a money grab for Daybreak, before they put the game down for good."
76561198036999379,Not Recommended,295110,14012420,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Drago,we were led to breleave that this game would not be a pay to win game bought the game and now i see that people are just buying air drops tnx soney for steeling my money i want my mony back on the basess that we were led on false hops .. youd expect a company like sony to keep there word on what they say and i can tell you know there goes the reputation of soney i will never support them again . lookslike the only game worth buying is arma 3 breaking point or epoch mod of arma 3
76561197985702165,Not Recommended,295110,19123525,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,♥nud1st,"a review in two partspt 1: early accessa virtual pit of despair,  h1z1 early access is majorly lacking in every aspect. after months and months of perceived abuse, the devs seem to have become completely despondant. they don't host regular development streams on twitch, they don't have transparent discussions on the state of the game with the community on their subreddit, which wouldn't be much of an issue if the last update to their roadmap was more recent than july. (one developer commented:it's not about being uncomfortable posting, it's about feeling that it's worthless, since people don't listen and down vote us to the point of not being visible. Or they ""listen"" and regurgitate past posts back at us claiming we promised such and such, when we didn't. Talking about potential features or changes should not be considered a blood oath promise to do whatever it was or else be threatened with boycotts, steam review bombs, etc.In other words, it's hard to have a conversation with a group of people that act like the zombies in our game... :)yikes!)pt 2: current state of gameplayrunning the crafting/basebuilding system through its paces has been fun, after ~40ish hours running through the cities and 4 bases built, i'm still messing around with it. i've seen some really impressive exploits with storage containers, the only glitches i've been able to produce with the crafting system are unintentional annoyances. at this stage of development glitches and bugs like that aren't really an issue, and i'm interested in seeing the big october, er november (december? 2k16??) survival update the devs brave enough to post on reddit have mentioned but so far refused to divulge any further information on.all of my basebuilding experiments have been on PvE servers, not much to do as a solo player on the PvP servers except grind file cabinets for loose rounds and maybe cap a few players dawdling around outside their bases before being swatted down like the bug i am.battle royale is fun, but not the hundreds (or thousands) of hours fun the people grinding the leaderboards seem to get from it. the base-level gameplay is too glitched/buggy for this mode to really be considered competitive, not to mention the insane esp/vehicle spawn/item duping hacks i've seen (the anti-cheat seems to be based on evaluating player reports of suspicious activity?)verdict: if paying to playtest what is intended to be a f2p sandbox shooter from a fully-fleged and funded studio sounds like something you'd be into, check this game out. i give it 2 bags of cool ranch doritos, and maybe a motorcycle helmet skin that makes ur head look like a pumpkin."
,Not Recommended,295110,34312372,Posted: 17 August,all,Jura,"The new update has completely changed the game for the worse, unfortunately. Almost 1.5k hours played, and I can conclusively say that I do not recommend this game. That's sad. But, what's even more sad is that it's clear to see how the devs are not listening to their community and supporters. Of course, they like to make it seem like they are listening, and even with the implementation of a community discord, one could believe that their comments and concerns were heard, but that wasn't the case. As a moderator in that discord, I saw players with more hours than me come in and voice their opinions, and often those opinions were met with a kick or a ban from the discord. Sure, some of those comments were probably a little too toxic, but I honestly believe that the comments were toxic because the players were frustrated with how slow the game was progressing. The game could have been saved, and the community didn't ask for much. They wanted to rid the game of hacks, they wanted new content, and they wanted bugs to be fixed. Simple, right? Not so much. Instead, the devs continued to push forward with this new idea that many players didn't agree with. Again, I do not recommend buying this game or supporting developers that blatantly ignore their community. I'm sorry, but devs like that  do not deserve your time or money."
,Not Recommended,295110,34342451,Posted: 18 August,all,PeteyMcFack,Well after the new update i think i am uninstalling... Game was good but now there is hardly any buildings to loot. you guys had something good but now messed everything up. I gave the new update a chance but i feel like there is nothing to do anymore. They need to bring back the old mad and make it back to what it was and i would play again. In the end of thing the devs are now going to see less and less people playing. It is very sad to see  a game that was good turn to crap
,Not Recommended,295110,34620250,Posted: 30 August,all,MING LEE,"it was good until this new map comes outgarbage game, dont buy it"
,Not Recommended,295110,24718118,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,HITMAN,for some reason the game got worse and worse. It was on a good track and I'm not sure what happened but the amount of BUGS and hackers is x2 now. WTF DEVS. Not to mention you split the game up in two. Don't get me started on logging in through your totally ♥♥♥♥ed up portal.
,Not Recommended,295110,34643786,Posted: 31 August,all,dx1,"Bought it on 2015-01-15. Twice. The second license for the wife.Only 18 days later Sony Online Entertainment sold the developer studio which was renamed Daybreak Game Company. I feared I was being scammed by SOE but hoped for the best.Then the game was split in two because the Battle Royale mode was so popular. Yeah, if the development of the game we paid for stalled, when the servers where laggy and the zombies bugged out so much they had to be removed almost completely from the game, we tried to play at least something we paid for.There were news about how sorry the developers were about focussing on King of the Kill and how five guys or what have you were so busy working on the real game.I lost interest.Only by accident I stumbled upon more news about this game that is nothing like the product that was promised 31 months ago.""If you are not excited to play this game in its current state, then you should wait to see if the game progresses further in development.""I wish it was like it was 30 months ago.Oh, I see they dropped theH1Z1part of the title.Infestation: Survivor Storiesformerly known asThe WarZ, anyone?Don't buy.I don't want a refund. I just let it sit there. Installed. Popping up in the ""updated games list"" now and then. Reminding me to not pay on day one for early access and think twice about buying something branded SONY in the future."
76561198325837537,Not Recommended,295110,34623496,Posted: 30 August,all,Dholt202,OK so this game was great but now they ♥♥♥♥ed it with Z2
,Not Recommended,295110,35356686,Posted: 30 September,all,>{GHS}< Kewlpersin,"The devs actually make the game worse with each new update. I am only making this review because I just read the new update actually banned many people and the company is asking people to make a new account on their website to file an appeal because there original accounts are banned on the website as well. No, that is not a joke, an exageration, or a blatant lie. If you don't believe me you can read some other reviews. Uninstalled a long time ago and is in my 'hidden' tab in the steam library so I never see it on accident. Other games in my hidden tab that are just as crappy as Just Survive: Dead Linger, Stardrive, KOTK. Vote with your wallet everyone and PLEASE DON'T FUND DAYBREAK STUDIOS."
76561198210315707,Not Recommended,295110,35348151,Posted: 30 September,all,hedman,Used to be good but the ♥♥♥♥nut developers took a big♥♥♥♥♥♥on the game
76561198386496250,Not Recommended,295110,35317662,Posted: 29 September,all,LiLJason,"BRING THE OLD MAP ABCK OR THIS GAME IS GOING TO DIE Anyone remeber when this game had people all over it when  it took 1 hour to get in to tranquility? They didnt leave bc it was boring it was because of the hacker,bugs,exploits,etc. They even banned me who didnt hack for one sec.BAN THE REAL HACKERS RUINING THE GAME"
,Not Recommended,295110,35054260,Posted: 18 September,all,PaxJustica,"Bought this a few years ago when DayZ type games were a thing. It was a good time. I started loosing interest when it became battle royal style... Just survive, ya sure you're a survival game... of sorts. Not impressed, I've waited a couple of years more, loyaly installing updates and now it's clear the vision and path has changed. It's not what I signed up for. Sadly. Uninstalling. Good Luck. 07"
76561198061804383,Not Recommended,295110,35313546,Posted: 29 September,all,njbizzle,Game is trash dont buy it.
76561198119158298,Not Recommended,295110,17658114,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,tallstuff12,Well payed for game and now i cant play sweet
76561198164115408,Not Recommended,295110,20061224,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,eCoNoMiKz,"2k hours from Z1, not this Z2 crap. The game has made a significant change and it was for the worse. Z1 was really simple and fun, now DB are trying to copy other survival games such as Rust, DayZ and Miscreated (imo).If you're a new comer, try to find some fun in this... If you're an oldie like me, then the game is a RIP."
76561198010614306,Not Recommended,295110,19946503,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,[55A]TY-TY,"Dont, Play this game it tricks u  because u cant even create a player and for some stupid reason it wont let me refun either."
76561198032031920,Not Recommended,295110,19275319,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,skullmeat,The first couple days I played Day Z I was blown away at the experience. Then I realized that I'd already done everything there is to do in survival mode. 6 months alter and DayBreak hasn't done anything to make survival mode any better. If you like getting KoS'd by everyone and looking at ugly player-built structures right next to all the best loot spots then you've found your game.
,Not Recommended,295110,18902234,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Strife,Such potential wastedIf you are a streamer play this game they give you whatever you wantOtherwise it is very troublesome and frustrating
76561198087659857,Recommended,295110,16707041,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,bbre,"-Found a crossbow-Saw a man-Threatened man with the crossbow into singing the Barbie Girl with me-In the end,I killed him anyway10/10 would sing Barbie Girl with a stranger again"
,Not Recommended,295110,34725464,Posted: 3 September,all,CrimsonFcker,"Alright, so..... ya know what... no. no, ♥♥♥♥ NO. doesnt deserve a review. just go buy Pubg. (PlayerUnknownsBattlegrounds)trust me, youll thank me."
76561198177125843,Not Recommended,295110,34724540,Posted: 3 September,all,Lord,Wow completely killed the game!!!! I thought they were gonna add a big map like kotk and fix AI and other bugs instead they effed the whole thing up!!!! Why? Why would you mess with the gameplay system and break it even more? I recommended this game to  friends and other players. But no GameBreak is dead to me!!! They really should rename this game to Just Dont Buy !!!!! Instead of Just Survive. And in there preview there should be a buyer beware this game is not intended for fun just for paying our paychecks. Good bye GameBreak and rename it to Just Dont Buy!!!
,Not Recommended,295110,34721134,Posted: 3 September,all,MoK86,"this game sucks!!!! now i can see why thers mainly negative reviews for this stupid game. you arent given a chance to survive if you are getting gunned down by others who have weapons. you are thrown into a game with no clue on how to play so you just jump into this poorly designed game and then you walk out of a safe zone and then you either get attacked by a zombie, bear, wolf or my favorite fully armed jerks who attack you for no reason. and if you some how live past an hour of running around unnoticed and find weapons(which have no bullets) you search and you search but you can only carry so much in your bag and then right when you find a big area and you search and nobody is around all of a sudden you either get A. GET ATTACKED BY SOME RANDOM WOLF or B. GET SHOT UP BY SOME JERK who then takes all your weapons and equipment that you found and then you restart the game with nothing. THIS GAME IS STUPID AND IT SUCKS"
76561198086743161,Not Recommended,295110,34718679,Posted: 3 September,all,Horseborn,"This game could've been great, it was gonna be great. Until Kill of the Kill came, and these awful developers saw that it's easier making skins that sell for a lot, than making an in-depth, athmospheric zombie survival game which was promised and would've probably made an awesome community.But you took it even a step further, you deleted the ♥♥♥♥ing map and the map that replaced it is god awful.This game is dead, and if it isn't can we just kill it. Daybreak doesn't deserve it to have this game somehow rise and live someday. Let it die, they do not deserve your money. ♥♥♥♥ you Daybreak."
76561197975961857,Not Recommended,295110,34720313,Posted: 3 September,all,▫ŠℴŠ▫ dog-gone~ǤªƊ,What the hell happened?? Promising game reduced to an unrecognisable mess in the space of two years. Shocking.
76561197963396197,Not Recommended,295110,34689415,Posted: 2 September,all,that was fast,"It is sad, but true... H1Z1 is a dead vessel."
,Not Recommended,295110,17065886,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,[TAW] Doge,"Bought this game awhile back maybe a year ago, tryed to play it today but I Got error ""G32"". telling me that when i bought the game the account i first logged in with is the only one I can play H1Z1 with. That is complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, so if I forget the credentials to my account I cannot play AT ALL? not even with A new ""Daybreak"" account?! Do not buy."
,Not Recommended,295110,18969282,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Loli Sex Machine,"I can't recommend H1Z1 in it's current state. H1Z1 was on a good track back when it was owned by SoE but ever since the game was sold to that investment company it's been downhill. Survival the games main focus was neglected and forgotten in favor of battle royal along with everything else not directly related to BR. The building system is still basic, the zombies are completely nonexistent and worse off they even put in a CSGO and TF2 style crate system and keys because why not right?The only reason to buy this game right now is if you want to play battle royal as much as you want for 20 dollars, in the future BR will have a cost attached to it because the devs are now controlled by a greedy investment company who seeks to milk everything they can out of H1Z1, if you buy it for the survival mode you will just be bored and upset after 10~ hours of walking around the super tiny map. I would honestly say if you want a zombie survival game, Dayz SA while still having it's own list of problems is still in a far better state and I never thought I would say that.If by some miracle they manage to get their act together I'll remove this."
,Not Recommended,295110,25616743,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Unicepter,Waste of money!
,Not Recommended,295110,18969026,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Hypo.nM,"Devs changed the direction of the game from survival, to battleroyale, wont give refunds"
,Not Recommended,295110,18971591,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Jollysixx,"H1Z1 started off promising, now it seems like there's a lack of anything useful or really addditional being put into the game. Though there is absolutely no shortage of additions that will end up costing you money like crates and weapon skins.If you like a run and gun, no brain, player against player ""survival"" game, give it a shot. If you're looking for a zombie survival game with some great item crafting, scavenging and base building, like the Steam description says, I wouldn't bother with it."
,Not Recommended,295110,18665588,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,TentacleFunTime,spend hours running around trying to survive from zombies to thirst and usually the first person you see tend to try and kill you
,Not Recommended,295110,18969274,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Lights,Since this game has released it's been stuck in Alpha mode. It's filled with too many hackers that are able to repurchase the game. Just go to the reddit to see how bad this game really is.
,Not Recommended,295110,18913073,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Star Lord,Just♥♥♥♥♥
76561198057294813,Not Recommended,295110,18809477,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Pirate Pete,i loved this game for so long but all the hackers have sucked the fun out of it harder than a hooker on a weekend... dont get me wrong its really fun to play alone or with friends its just you play for so long collect all you need for your base just for hackers to glitch into your base and takke all your hours of game time ....
76561198128262475,Not Recommended,295110,18912789,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Jake;,"H1Z1 devs aren't delivering on their promises.  The reason so many people purchased this game (myself included) was for zombie survival, not some shoddy PvP mini-game that DBG focuses almost entirely on.  My money went towards the development of something I would have never played to begin with, so goodbye twenty dollars and goodbye H1Z1.  I don't recommend"
76561198092321330,Not Recommended,295110,18916228,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,stefanwentz,"Avoid this game at all costs. The lies and excuses with the added micro transactions just to flush the fans out have shown this company follws a policy of scams, I'm shocked Steam have allowed this game to still be here. Any likes you see here must be fake, this game sucks!!!"
,Not Recommended,295110,18912845,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Trigs,"Battle Royale is the most exciting part of this game but i will not be playing it anymore until they fix the constant crashes... Multiple times have I made it to the last 5 in the game and out of no where it will just crash with no error or anything. This game is fun dont get me wrong but severely broken. Do your self a favor and save your money until an actual patch is released, not the paid content they keep adding, a patch that actually fixes the game not charges you more money. Very disappointing daybreak, and they actually want to hold tournaments in this game with the condition it is in now I feel as if that is a terrible idea."
76561197962952224,Not Recommended,295110,18920382,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Gun$ter,H1Z1 was fasley advertised as a survival game. Its all about Surviving in Battle Royale against other players. No zombies.
,Not Recommended,295110,18106045,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Karul,"Nice game, bad community, many bugs which ruin the gameplay, bad support.Bought it and played 5 days in a row with two friends. On the 6th day I wasn't able to log in. Still no answer from the support. The only info I got is:"" You got banned."" waiting for an answer for 5 month now.I love paying 20€ and then just being banned.But hey I am a cheater and VAC is just too blind to see it... .Screw you Daybreak.I would like to play and to meet the latest bugs, but I wont pay these thiefs again."
76561198034233485,Recommended,295110,14014179,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,xXx IDreamZ,"Those whinny ♥♥♥♥♥ dont know what the yare talking about. EARLY ACCES :Those who choose to purchase Early Access should anticipate an evolving feature set, bugs, incomplete content, missing features, and potentially game breaking issues. Early Access is designed for those wishing to support the ongoing development of H1Z1 and be a part of shaping its future.  so yeah For what it is right now its pretty Cool so try it before judging and youll see. And for the pay 2 win aspect i called in a airdrop and 10 ppl come running for it so yeah i did not get anything nor anybody i think!!!"
76561198105749988,Not Recommended,295110,21661638,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Loading....,Do not buy this game. It is still so full of Cheaters! The programmers dont give a hoot about it. Just another Cashtrap.
,Not Recommended,295110,21669304,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,spyro,"I have played a lot of this game as it used to be fun to play with friends, just going around getting looted up and killing other players, it was a fun game. It's been a cash grab since it was released. They split H1Z1 into two different games, and now they are $20 each. It's a complete cash grab and it's filled with hackers, it isn't nearly as fun as it used to be."
,Not Recommended,295110,19040059,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Mikie ŌvŌ Owl,"Brilliant idea the Battle Royale, implementing hunger games style into a zombie gameBut there's just far too many hackers ruining this game and little being done to combat it, it seems.On one hand, during a game, banners often appear saying ""so and so got banned for cheating"" letting us know that many hackers are getting banned due primarily to other gamers reporting them but on the other hand it also shows just how weak the Anti-Cheat system they use is.Gotta be a negative till they sort the hackers"
76561198138906111,Not Recommended,295110,19343182,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,GM00N13,I've tried to like this game but it's just awful.Also it looks like it was developed for the N64
,Not Recommended,295110,14005406,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Zaidriel,"Terrible, could not even open the game. On top of not opening hte game when I did finally log in nothing showed up just a blank screen when play and then it was nothing just gone. Hours of waiting and nothing. G.G Sony."
76561198137190849,Not Recommended,295110,18893442,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,zarbo_das_king,devs are terrible. game is slowly going into a cod type of shooter with no survival attached...save your 20 bucks. DBG are money grubbing good for nothings.
,Not Recommended,295110,35081281,Posted: 20 September,all,PAW.Predator,That's what you get for buying EA game.Like most EA games it starts well then the devs ♥♥♥♥s it and run away.Typical 10/10
,Not Recommended,295110,24740881,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,DJ Meow Mix,"This game is a waste of money. Even more, a waste of time. The servers are horrible, everything about this game is bad. DO NOT GET IT."
,Not Recommended,295110,21157009,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,"Ricey, Professional 70's Pimp",1. Hint during Early Access launch that there will eventually be F2P (just to get people to buy it and not worry about game population dying)2. Add microtransactions (also hinting at eventual F2P)3. Cut game into 2 and charge $20 for each and announce no chance of F2P4. Keep microtransactions ingame on top of charging for both games5. Population slows as people won't buy both games6. Updates dwindle7. Population dies8. Devs announce sequel9. Rinse and repeat.
76561198093801725,Not Recommended,295110,34271697,Posted: 16 August,all,하얀귀,Completely.Dead.Game
76561198081454945,Not Recommended,295110,34274095,Posted: 16 August,all,Praetor XII,When you decide to take a shot in the dark and release a unfinished map and end up blowing out your brains.Thanks Daybreak.
76561198051524388,Not Recommended,295110,34623076,Posted: 30 August,all,The Admiral,It was great game back in 2015 but now it's a joke. Do not buy JS just go play PUBG
,Not Recommended,295110,34275540,Posted: 16 August,all,LoneWolf,do not buy this game
,Not Recommended,295110,21126360,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,TeddNii,"Bad game and bad game devs, why do they never make any progress?They have disgusting Micro-transactions too. +1 for the Devs. hahah they are a ♥♥♥♥ing joke!"
76561198311879245,Not Recommended,295110,34269026,Posted: 15 August,all,TheBluTomster,why is there so many zombies now. I encounterd about 200 zombies at a gas station not far from the base. and y r they so OP i shot a zombie 6 times in the head head and with about 100 health i still died. Enough about zombies there are somany guns now( i geuss thats one good thing about it) but i mean i found 4 guns before i found food . i dont think it is realistic at all (in the case of guns. i tried to outrun a zombie from the west side gas station and it followed me all the way to the base. I geuss i cant hate on it to much it is only early accses i thinki miss the old map hopefully they unlock 100% of the new mad (this was written after the 8/15/17 update) i would not recomend this right now to anyone
,Not Recommended,295110,21091313,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,C0L3,I want a ♥♥♥♥ing refund
76561197990726573,Not Recommended,295110,21262516,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,CuteAndFluffy,"Splitting the game in 2 different categories aside - here, have some more reasons:Daybreak seems to prioritize improving their microtransactions (adding more crates) than fixing or improving their game.>Survival mode is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Games terrible collision detection makes sure of that>Frequent server wipes make it impossible to make any sort of a significant base unless you play 24/7 and have friends helping you>AI friequently glitches the ♥♥♥♥ out and downright ignores damage done to it. I once blasted a zombie 8 times in the head, he just moaned and kept coming.>bears>frequent changes to the game itself make it impossible to form any sort of a gaming strategy>Survival mode is passable, but ONLY WITH FRIENDS>The way the games view distance works, people far away become black ragdolls>Hope you like shooting at 1pixel sized enemies through bushes and hill>then get 1shot in the head from across the map>If you dont die to someone sneaking up on you, you die to someone 1tapping you with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ pistol on the other side of the map.>The vehicles and physics do not follow any form of reason"
,Not Recommended,295110,18898579,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Bean,"This game does not have a clear development path.  It was sold as a zombie survival, the studio has changed core gameplay/features promised in their early access sales pitch.  They are slow to address serious gameplay issues and hackers.  They introduced a Battle Royal game mode and have decided to focus heavily on it because it generates more money, rather than work to finish development as fast as possible to launch their game.  I have serious doubts this game will launch in a reasonable amount of time with the good features that were originally pitched if at all."
,Not Recommended,295110,18898577,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,OdysseyOG,Devs have lost focus and have turned the game into a money grab from the consumer. Don't buy into the hype. Lots of empty promises.
76561197975479800,Not Recommended,295110,18899171,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Projekt_1jz,"No development for the survival aspect of the game, the only real updates are for battle royal which will eventually be Pay-to-Play. This game used to be my favorite survival game but now I dont even bother playing it anymore, Arma 3 Exile is everything the h1z1 devs wish h1z1 would be."
,Not Recommended,295110,18900382,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,TheSeaSLug,Do not buy this game devs have abandoned the survival aspect rarely update anypart of the game and are using the battleroyale as a cash grab.
,Not Recommended,295110,18901484,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,DaBrickeshaw,"This game is awful. It had so much potential when it was released 11 months ago, but a takeover in ownership and greedy executives at the top have drastically shifted the focus. Originally a zombie survival MMO, H1z1 can now only lay claim to being a poor man's CS:GO. The developers have now decided that charging actual money to play individual Battle Royales while the game is still in Early Access Alpha is not only fair, but a good business decision. I do not anticipate this game to be operating a year from now, unless it is entirely a BR game. It's headed the exact same direction as WarZ. If you're looking for a good game in this genre, try RUST or Miscreated."
,Not Recommended,295110,18903221,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,PuriPuriPrisoner,"After all the hours I have poured into this game I finally write a review for it.Where to start...The game itself is pretty good. The base building is alright, and the PvE and PvP is alright as well. But the fact of the matter is, this game was published to be a survival sim with zombies, and PvP elements. But what DBG has done, has jump on the, ""We want money"" bandwagon and has spent a majority of their team working on the battle royale aspect of the game. They constantly promise more survival content and don't deliver. There are still game breaking bugs that have been there since release, and before you say, ""Well, it's in Alpha"" guess what? They find time to make battle royale work enough for invitationals and special events. And they constantly put out ""new"" skins for stuff. WHOOP DEE DOO I CAN HAVE A SKIN FOR MY KEVLAR THAT HAS SUMMIT'S NAME ON IT! WHO THE HELL CARES!?So, to sum it all up. If you want a survival game with zombies, play Arma 3 Breaking Point, or DayZ standalone. If you want to play a battle royale game, play Arma 2 or Arma 3. This game is going nowhere, and its getting the fast."
,Not Recommended,295110,18905349,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Flintheart Glomgold,These guys are milking your money. Do not buy!
,Not Recommended,295110,18906280,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,hdsn,"Sunk a lot of hours in this game, and to be quite honest I can't be arsed to review it fully right now because it'd just resemble a list of bugs with the pros being 'it's fun, if you don't run into a bug or a hacker.'But with the continued ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t from Daybreak, I thought I'd just say, that if you're looking for a game where the devs actually care what the community want, and implement survival updates (and not ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to increase their profit), then you better keep looking pal."
76561198131648370,Not Recommended,295110,18901709,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,WidoWMakeR,"They just stop giving the main part of this game attention, and are now focusing on something i view as a mini game, or warm up to survival. i got alot of time on this game and run a large clan, we have our laughs but there is just not enough in the game yet to keep me interested anymore. i just get this feeling there just sitting back trying to figure out more ways to pull cash off us. They are just lookin to take your money one update at a time."
,Not Recommended,295110,18902877,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Hawk,"I bought this game when it first came out and thought ""Great, they'll make a survival game where they balance things out and listen to the community"". And then came the BR update and the news they were going to charge for it... Wait, I already paid to test the game out right?So that got kaiboshed and they continued to work on their crappy deathmatch simulator with little to no survival content. Well, that's cool, I'm sure more updates than just skins will come out. They'll fix people falling through the map and bases just not working and zombies that just fall over right? RIGHT?No, just more stuff for twitch streamers and their BR crap-tastic deathmatch sim. The lobby for BR is nothing but a twitch chat stream simulator and you're going to get run down by 10 chinese guys with 800 ping anyways so why bother. After PR lies and contradicting statements from the dev team I have no reason to believe this game will ever be fixed, just more news of them charging for BR again and letting hackers get their accounts back because they bought a lot of crates and spent more money on the game so they should be permitted to cheat the players that also paid.The only things to get fixed are problems they created somehow with skins, and it takes them nine months to make an axe actually work.I'm done, if you're wondering if you should buy this game and the bad reviews are overhyped? No, they aren't. Go play Ark, at least they fix♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198041861814,Not Recommended,295110,18903246,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Maifailun,"I have over 250+ hours ingame and to sum up;I enjoyed building bases, scavenging, roaming the large map and playing with my friends. But it got boring real easy after frequent wipes, no updates to the Survival aspect of the game and constant additions to the Battle Royale mode(deathmatch mode which is considered a mini game since it stands apart from the main game). Not to mention that zombies in the game are literally a no threat. Even it's main Survival gameplay is a prolonged PvP deathmatch unless you are in a PvE server (in which you can only build a base in 5 hours and raid player bases for a few times and rinse and repeat.)In addition there are other good survival games out there like 7 Days to Die or Rust who has a better and more free building system, but this game - even though it started as the voice of inspiration arisen out of forementioned games- failed at what it promised.I loved this game when I bought it, even encouraged my friends into playing BUT If you are looking for a decent survival gameplay you cant find in this game."
,Not Recommended,295110,34796545,Posted: 7 September,all,✪ SvindlarN ॐ,"Was good in Z1, but this new Z2? I miss the old times, this new game is not what i expected."
76561198104089191,Not Recommended,295110,14014680,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Bushi Neko,"EDIT: SOE Is offering refunds now over the P2W situation / debate. No questions asked at this time.John Smedley ‏@j_smedley  · 30m30 minutes agoRefunds - if you are upset about the airdrop P2W issue and want a refund emailbwilcox@soe.sony.comand we will take care of youSTEAM is also.Ok. So my take and why thumbs down for now.Nothing to do with Early Access state, that is common to have problems. Except for:1. Unable to log on at all for majority of players at launch. Servers were limited and access even cut, this is commented on by Smed himself in tweet. Understand they had issues, but to not expect a hyped up game to need capacity at launch? Ok, makes sense to test server loads.. BUT. The registered streamers were invited and could access? Along with tweet directing all of us who could not play to follow the Streams.. um... No?Next issue. The whole P2W debate. We were clearly told in many articles, tweets etc that no p2w items would be available. Then suddenly a reddit post surfaces on launch day that told us they changed their minds and added weapons etc to air drops, and its our fault for not having seen this on reddit. No major news or update info on this prior?Ok, so your airdrop is a random bag of goodies, its supposed to drop in a range that all people can try to get to it. Nope, as of now its real close to you, and when you pay for it your pretty assured to get geared up. Even if you dont get it.. you just paid for items that up other people.. Um,, if I paid for items that give advantage, even though someone else can beat me to the items thats still a p2w situation... Smed says no, they dont think so, thats up to you to decide. I say it is p2w. Wallet = many drops = I will get my goods and maybe you will take them but I paid to get stuff that is not at this time available as discussed.. Anyone see a problem here?So for me... a big fat no go of a game.Now tech issues.Many.. many, many.. but those are being addressed and a first patch is expected soon. But as far as that goes, it is Early Access so I have no real complaints about the bugs. I expect those will be fixed as promised,, but IMO,, welcome to a P2W that we all just P2P based on info that was not correct.. I should have bought ISS for less than 1/4 of the cost. Ooops."
,Not Recommended,295110,35361423,Posted: 30 September,all,Vergoth,Thank for turning something that was decently fun to pop on loot and kill people into a huge pile of garbage. Roll back to the old game please.
76561198042188193,Not Recommended,295110,20156491,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,FreaKaBoo™,"So many sad fanboys are going to dislike this review but here it comes. I crashed 3 times within 30 minutes, and i got this ingame bug, and could not move. I could not press any buttons what so ever so i had to leave my first game.I can see that other players might find this game fun, but i cant live with crashes every 10 minutes.4/10"
76561198045961875,Not Recommended,295110,19681953,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Poptart,NOooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
,Not Recommended,295110,14302437,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Josh,"SOE was acquired by Columbus Nova, an investment management firm. Do not buy this game until we know more about the future of this game.EDIT (2/11/2015): And it beings: ""Unfortunately, this realignment means adjusting staffing as well. We announced today that we will eliminate positions in our San Diego and Austin studios."" - Dexella (Community Relations)."
,Not Recommended,295110,14846697,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Edacyn,"I have been a big fan of the development of H1Z1.  This is a review of the current pre-alpha phase of the game, and there are many updates to come.  However, at the current direction of the game I can't say that I'd recommend this as a survival game.The good:* Beautiful engine* Decent crafting system* Decent sized map* Day / night cyclesThe not so great:* Many hackers still around in the game* The map isn't quite big enough, should be bigger.* Not enough zombies, or the zombies aren't very scary* Insufficient way to store goods found* Rampant griefingI understand the PVP element makes this game exciting, but there's no good way to store items when offline.  Shacks can be broken into, hackers can locate rare items with ease, and the game just isn't in a phase to be spending much time on.Lastly, the quality of the updates are off the mark.  While new recipes come online, I feel more like a tester than a gameplay tester in the game.  My expectation is that there'd be more quality checks than what I have experienced.I hope the best for H1Z1, but for now the game is more frustration than fun."
76561198005768066,Not Recommended,295110,21037920,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Daddy Whale,"The devs of this game are equal to Martin Shkreli, don't buy into the promises of survival, zombies, and not least, fun. What you get is an incomplete Battle Royal game where you shoot in 3rd person with no what so ever recoil on any weapons. Micro-transactions are the heart and soul of this game and it will be the end of a great idea that this game once were. Now after all the fans voices have been heard, the devs have decided to remove all negative comments by creating two games insted of one. And if that wasn't a hard enough kick to the balls/♥♥♥♥♥♥, then brace yourself, because the intention of this game was to be a free to play game after it was released, but that dream is now gone like the hope for Carlos Mencia being able to creating his own jokes. Do not buy, do not give money to the devs, do not buy this game as a gag gift for a friend, insted donate money to someone that really needs it."
76561198065365264,Not Recommended,295110,20832450,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,FaDe,"If you buy this game be ready for drop shotting asian♥♥♥♥♥♥♥who dont know how to play the game cause all they know is math I would not buy this game unless you want to pay $20 for a pile of donkey♥♥♥♥♥♥cause until they fix drop shotting, spawns for guns, and every other ♥♥♥♥♥♥ aspect of♥♥♥♥♥♥game. ps: Give the asians there own servers cause all they do is cry about how the cars don't go fast enough, and how the roads are to BIG. Not to mention the asians lag all they do is ♥♥♥♥ing fly up in the air when they jump, go into the ground when they prone, and all this other♥♥♥♥♥♥DO NOT GET THIS GAME UNTIL ITS FIXED! ♥♥♥♥ the asians."
,Not Recommended,295110,20992248,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Cryosphere,"This game is horrible.  First it was going to ""Free to play"" once out of release, in early access it is priced at $14.99.  Now the company is splitting the games into two different titles and charging $19.99 for each, with no plans to make either Free to Play, as they promised when people bought it on early access over a year ago. DO NOT BUY EITHER GAME!"
,Not Recommended,295110,21025882,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,[TU] Blaze SkyFire,Just No.
,Not Recommended,295110,14007054,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,firelightning1,Honestly this is a disgusting cash grab by the Devs. I had high hopes for this game and was actually excited thinking it could replace DayZ for me. However I've paid $20 for the privlage to play a f2p game that doesn't work and is supposedly buggy but I wouldn't know I can't get past the load screen to log in so I can't even play.Pros-The reviews are fantastic seriously look at them they're hilariousCons-I paid money for thisThis game doesn't work
76561198017151941,Not Recommended,295110,14002890,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Dkmariolink,"Dont buy this game until about a week. Server issues are here to stay for a while. As expected of any early access game. We guinee pigs test it out for the rest of you. Save your 20 bucks, buy a meal or something."
,Not Recommended,295110,14007024,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,FecalDandruff,Servers are really poor Want my money back too bad we can't get refunds :( This was such a bait and switch.
,Not Recommended,295110,28570024,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,EviLiveTV,"The Game doesnt even want to start this is ♥♥♥♥in redicilous, tried to fix it like 50 times readed the whole internet for it and still getting the same ♥♥♥♥in problem CODE 29 ! ♥♥♥♥ this♥♥♥♥♥♥I WANT TO PLAY IT GIVE ME LEGIT SOLUTION !"
76561198125416061,Not Recommended,295110,20996653,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Impeiser,"DON'T BUY THIS GAME. DAYBREAK JUST WANT YOUR MONEY. They don't care about the game or players, minimal updates on the first year of this game, just skin crates over and over. Hackers everywhere, game breaking bugs, feedback is useless (they won't listen even thought this is an alpha so we are helping them)."
,Recommended,295110,14049013,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Nightweed,the game is amazing for early access. buy and enjoy the fun of surviving
76561198011241601,Not Recommended,295110,14006482,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,[LSO] Cody,dosent work just save your money for right now.
76561197971717534,Not Recommended,295110,14899523,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,D_house,F*CK U ALWAYS SERVER OFFLINE. I PAYED FOR THIS SHOT WTF
,Not Recommended,295110,14977738,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,ForcedExile,"Don't even bother buying this game until they take care of the hackers and cheaters. I've got characters on five different servers ranging from high population to no population and every single character has been screwed over by hackers. I've had ammo stolen from storage chests inside a locked room, aimbots, radar hacks, etc. I'm done playing this game until they stop doing cosmetic updates and do some serious overhauling of the game mechanics. It's ridiculous."
,Not Recommended,295110,15001187,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Chaotic_Hell,just wait for the game to finsh and come out so you can get it for free as for some people myself included you cant even get open the game  because of soe problems which i have folowed videos how to fix and have done what they say to do but the problem still pursists so if your looking for a cheaper Dayz go with Dayz as this game has alot of problems and i may give this game a chance if i could get onto the game itself
,Not Recommended,295110,15004433,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Mango,just not my kind of game.....
,Not Recommended,295110,15011459,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Zaverell,I honestly expected a lot more out of this game from all the awesome reviews but I didn't really enjoy it as much as others did. I can't be too hard on this game because it is on Early Access and there will probably be a lot of updates.
,Not Recommended,295110,14968160,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Komplex,"Love to hack? Then boy do I have the game for you! Hack till your hearts content and zero ♥♥♥♥s are given by the devs!Seriously stay away from this game, its depressing how easy it is to hack. Waste if time and money...."
76561198090790223,Not Recommended,295110,15005415,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Ee,"It's fun to begin with... but really..after a while, you just dink arround.. and get annoyed. PLayable for a week."
,Not Recommended,295110,18895240,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Legion,stopped playing a couple months ago went to look at reddit to see how things were going since its been awhile. subreddit is full of complinats. guess not much has changed since then.
,Not Recommended,295110,18896261,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Souy贼鸡儿酷,"1100 hours, simply because i played when the game was decent and we thought it was going forwards.Turns out the devs dont give a flying f**k about their game or the players, they just want us to buy keys and pay them money for skins in a crappy♥♥♥♥♥game instead of making a good game and getting their salaries the legit way.GG daybreak I don't believe you'll get far with this game. Just another Early Access game that fails before it's even done."
,Not Recommended,295110,34275610,Posted: 16 August,all,Vigilante,"Remember when this was H1Z1 with glorified promises, aiming to revolutionize the early access genre.Same :D"
,Not Recommended,295110,14028935,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,chapUnc7e ツ,"I know its Alpha, but you would think it be better than this. To many things work poorly.- Server browser, can’t filter anything.- Very few EU servers.- Key bindings doesn’t work.- Graphics, the game looks bad.- Loot almost nonexistent. I starved to death.- O'yes that Airdrop think, smells like p2w. The concept is great but paying for it?Good thing is, I received a Refund :) I will not recommend this game in its current state. Hold on to your'e $, wait and se."
,Not Recommended,295110,18921369,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,King Arthur,"Ridiculous game support, I did lost my password and I can not create a new account to play this game!  Now I can't even do anything with this game, if I could get it out of my library I would do it. Not just because of that, this game is so much bad and did not worth the money that I have invested in it. Do not buy it."
76561198130940522,Not Recommended,295110,14008562,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Arose,"Extremely buggy. Even for an alpha game. Spent 20 minutes running and looting everything, Found nothing, starved to death. Repeated this ten times on different servers. Found no food, found no water, found no equipment. Starved to death. Was killed by a wolf once, after it teleported through the door into the house I was looting.The extremely low loot table is probably to push more players to buy air drops which are sold for real cash and contain food, water, equipment, guns, etc. Seems very Pay2Win currently, would not recommend."
,Not Recommended,295110,14007348,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Intrepidus,Horrible launch
,Not Recommended,295110,14007367,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Atomicnom,"Launch rollout bug has made game unplayable for 6 hours. I haven't even gotten in. Those who have gotten in report pay-to-win airdrops (microtransactions) that accurately deliver military gear to people who pay even more money to Sony.#AirdropGate, downvoted until further notice.Update: it's not as bad now. They addressed both problems. I might play some more and eventually upvote, but the H1Z1 rollout has left a bad taste in my mouth."
,Not Recommended,295110,14005336,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,DJ Rabbit,"I changed this review from a sarcastic one to this.We've all seen terrible launches, BF4, Warlords of Draenor.I have tried since the moment the game came out to play with no luck, but it is an AE game so I suppose we only have ourselves to get upset over.HOWEVER, the community had just found out AFTER the release of the game, that the devs at Sony lied to us. They explicitely stated multiple times on multiple formats that this is not and will not be a P2W game.As a slap in the face to us gamers they have gone directly against their word and are offering purchasable air drops which can contain anything from guns to ammo to explosives and more.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y2VBZGp2JYM&feature=youtu.beHave technical issues is one thing, but treating your player base like toddlers and lieing to their face, thats disgusting.Do NOT buy this game."
76561198075172671,Not Recommended,295110,14007540,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,i am blacks,"What can I say, EA release day, and somehow SOE believes that the server will handle the tens of thousands of players joining day 1. SOE was unprepared for the issues that would follow, constantly telling prospective buyers that they would be done within the hour, nearly 5 hours in the game finally came out, this should have been a warning to their shoddy buisness tactics, but I took the errors with a grain of salt, this was a mistake. I spent hours trying to get in (which is to be expected from a game that got this much hype early on) and finally gave up on the whole situation, I figured why not go watch streamers play, bad choice. I entered a stream where the streamer was calling in airdrops no big deal right, WRONG, throughout 3 airdrops the streamer received 3 guns enough ammo to hold a city for days, and a large militarized backpack.Apparently even after the claims that there would be no real P2W aspect to the game (verbatim ""We will NOT be selling Guns, Ammo, Food, Water...i.e That's kind of the whole game and it would suck in our opinions if we did that."" J_Smedley) They took it upon themselves to change the loot that would appear in drops, and typed up a warning about this on a very underused website, just hours before release, while players were drooling over the game.TL:DRThis game is waste in it's current state, overhyped and the developers have a sort of god complex over the playerbase hinted at by changing the game mechanics and following this up by telling people 5 hours into a shotty release ""If you think it's p2w don't buy it... don't play it""In it's current state H1Z1 is great, the devs on the other hand are mediocre, if things change in the future I will gladly change my consensus, but as for now H1Z1 is a bust."
,Not Recommended,295110,14015642,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Stephen,"Let me explain something right off the bat. This launch has been a train wreck. Before you start throwing the alpha word at me and unfished product. That is fine. And if it was a smaller dev team I would understand. But SOE has launched numerous large scale games like this and yet they launch it like it was a bunch of high school kids in their moms basement. At one point they claimed they needed to do a hardware upgrade, really? We was flooded with people trying to log in and recover their accounts etc. No kidding. Release day and you have a huge population trying to connect? Alot of your excuses people keep using to defend SOE are not valid. Look at their experience launching MMO's that they SHOULD have by now. Half the servers, or more, are still down and to play you have to que up. I guess we are at the stage of alpha testing the loading and menu screen...I have alpha and beta test games back when it had a different meaning. They still have their paid testers and closed private servers. We are not molding this game, we are just funding it."
,Not Recommended,295110,14002914,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Jihad Me At Hello,kind of sucks to come home ready to play a game that i payed for and not have it work :(.
,Not Recommended,295110,14011708,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Xicult,"AVOID:over a dozen servers for US players(4 hour wait to join these) ,and only one single server for the entire EU,thanks Sony!,this might end up being a decent game someday but even if you pay to join the alpha it will be a long time before we get to find out,I basically just game Sony some cash so I could look at a loading screen.Save your money.."
,Not Recommended,295110,14007439,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Delicious Pie,"Same as everyone else. They pushed back this ""Alpha"" so this kind of thing wouldn't happen, well guess what. Hours later and nobody can play the game they payed $20 for. I should have learned after being burned in SWG so many years ago.Second, the whole P2W thing is pretty bad. Saying one thing and then changing it by just ""Surprise! We Lied"" is pretty crappy. They should ahve made an announcment BEFORE the fact.I really like Smedly, but his tone and how he is responding to people on Twitter and Reddit is really unproffessional."
76561197967530285,Not Recommended,295110,14007534,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Jesus,"Not recommended to pay $20 for early access, totally not worth it.Update: Got $20 refunded and now I'm happy."
76561198101303623,Not Recommended,295110,14005290,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,majer elert,this game is a piece of dog♥♥♥♥♥♥i have been waiting for ♥♥♥♥ing new hardware for the last 40 mins come on schmedly
,Not Recommended,295110,14005347,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Brainwave,Why am I paying for a game I can't play?  Error G99
,Not Recommended,295110,14007019,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,MajinThew,"So far I rarely make it into the game. If I do, I can't see servers. One time I saw servers, but couldn't join them. Don't waste your money on early access to a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ sony game. If you see positive reviews, they are from people who helped with game development and are obligted to say something good. If you're a regular joe like me, not worth it. Maybe wait a few weeks."
76561198205894288,Not Recommended,295110,14002930,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,monk3ydragon49,cant play keep saying eror sever downkinda upsetting
,Not Recommended,295110,14006726,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Manila_KingPin,Error G29. That's the only thing i can say about this game. Already contacted SOE support still no dice.
76561197969633495,Not Recommended,295110,14006946,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,madmole,"Doesn't work, it stalls out at the launcher with an error. I made it to the main menu a couple times and got another error.  Finally I got to the main menu and there were only two servers and the join button was greyed out."
76561198121786445,Not Recommended,295110,14007524,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Tophy,"The fact that I waited til the very min this game released on steam to play it, and then not be able to play the game is a real deal breaker for me. Then, come to find out that you can buy airdrops with guns in it, even though it was promised that there wouldnt be any OP weapons in them, and yet the weapons you get are OP, is the 2nd deal breaker. Lets not forget that the airdrops land close to you so you dont have to worry about getting robbed so much. The game is ruined. That moment, when you order or airdrop, and you get some OP weapons, its no longer about survival, looting, and making a base, its about finding other players to♥♥♥♥♥♥in their cheerios while they are eating it by the spoon full... I dont recommend buying this game at all! Just wait til the final release, when its suppose to be free to play. Then, and only then, you will see what SOE was truely wanting to make the game into. PTW."
76561197970659053,Recommended,295110,14023039,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Ryan Favale,"Full day night cycle + dynamic weather systemPvP & PvE & Player vs EnvironmentHardcore PermadeathHundreds of players per mapPersistant gameplayRealistic GraphicsDeep Crafting systemAnimal Hunting (Deer, Rabbit, Bear, Wolves, more to come)Custom structure building, upgrading, and fortifyingCountless loot itemsCharacter customizations (just clothing for now)High frameratesPlanned continual game updates and featuresStrong company backing developmentMicrophone voice in game supportVehicles (Police cars, jeeps, pickup trucks, parachutes, and more to come)Guns (Assault rifles, pistols, shotguns, snipers, hunting rifles, and more, plus more to come)Bow & ArrowsSeparate Battle Royale 32 player matches to gain account level rewards to use in gameCookingAlcohol effectsBody simulator (thirst, hunger, stamina, sicknesses, plague virus, freezing, and more)8kx8k meter persistant maps (planned to be dramatically expanded)Tons of character emote animationsPersonal clothing skins (eg. color patterns, badges)Tree choppingForgingCampfires+ hundreds of more things to do and explore!!!"
,Not Recommended,295110,14751104,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Ghost714,"Unless you enjoy so many bugs it makes a game unplayable do yourself a favor and save your 20$ for a game probably going to be free to play, with pay to win airdrops with an abundant amount of hackers and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ developers who break more than they fix every patch. I'd rather ♥♥♥♥ my own♥♥♥♥♥with a razorblade like the creators most likely do everynight than spend any more money on this game."
,Not Recommended,295110,15012317,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,AdzDeath,"Slowly turning into any DayZ game, kill on sightThe average routine consists of:>Spawn in>go to the nearest loot place in hope of a weapon>find a weapon after an hour>find some ammo after another hour>see some guys in the distance>ask if they are friendly>they reply ""yes"">*BANG*>click respawn>repeat from first step as necessary10/10 would die 1 million more times and not learn to quit"
,Not Recommended,295110,18895963,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Keithic {Hugz},"Microstranactions, false promises, no true content addition since release, and no upgrade to the main gamemode, survival."
76561198052419320,Recommended,295110,14094757,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Got my Swagon,"Seems like they are really trying, judging by the first few days. They deserve by contribution..."
76561198110578935,Not Recommended,295110,14022348,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,LushCelery!,THIS GAME WILL MAKE YOU FEEL WORSE THAN HAVE YOUR EYES POKED OUT WITH A NIFE THIS IS WORSE THAN WARZ FINAL REVIEW SCORE 1.0/10 PAINFULL DONT BUY
,Recommended,295110,14055898,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,h5,10/10 would eat berries again
,Recommended,295110,14064890,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,KingsGC Haiimbelle,if rust and dayZ had a baby it would be this game. yeah it sucks when u 1st start but after u find your people and u work out how to not be terrible this games fantastic. its so damn entertaing i can hardly put it down 10/10 would credit card hero again.
,Recommended,295110,14119670,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Remler,Better then dayz.
,Not Recommended,295110,19095561,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Garam,"I used to enjoy this game, but the obvious lack of truth and respect from the devs is just depressing. It was supposed to be a survival game, for how many months didnt they add any decent content, any fix on current problems, all they do is focus on money grabbing with BR mode, which was NEVER mentionned or highlighted for the people who bought this game at launch.It's pretty much a money scam, BR isnt even good I dont get the popularity, Arma 2 / 3 Battle Royale have much more to offer than this, not even 10 weapons, glitches, hackers, a few skins, glitchy cars, mechanics, no fall damage, people can jump out of cars at full speed and take no damage, the game isnt refined at all, and people pay to play this? I guess they just never heard of the competion, and it is sad that we paid for this.DBG shouldnt be trusted again, this game development has been such a joke, when I think I bought this because Sony being behind it made me believe it was trust-worthy, and stable, hell of a mistake on my part. Shame, ding ding"
,Recommended,295110,14358446,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Royal,"Just awsome: Devs are awsome, game is awsome, launch was ♥♥♥♥♥♥, but after few days everything was fixed. +++ for sony and H1Z1. There will be hours and hours to play on pvp/pve and br servers, its fun with or without friends, basebuilding, crafting, lots of fun.11/10"
76561198128667409,Not Recommended,295110,14014491,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Mike,DO NOT BUY THIS GAMEHow could you mess up a launch this badly? If only there was a way to request a refund.
,Not Recommended,295110,28270225,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,adermz,H1Z1: Just Survive - The zombie game where zombies do nothingFirst off the game has stayed exactly the same since launch in January 2015-They abandoned Just Survive and put all there resources into king of the kill.-The zombies do nothing and are of no threat.-The survival system is broken hunger thirst and there is no getting cold or warm.- Hacking on this game is better but still a problem- A truckload ton of bugs- Old H1Z1 Map- Base Building system is terrible and you can glitch through walls and inside way too much- No groups for making a clan- They somehow made the game worse with updates- Both Games should be 10 dollars- They didn't update the game from August 2016 to December 2016- Early access terms of service mean they can abandon close down the servers and steal your skins and money at any timeDaybreak is a company I dislike always putting out P2W Games and notorious for not finishing games and abandoning them. Even on king of the kill they just pump out more crates and don't work on the game and its content.
,Not Recommended,295110,14011409,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,7sins_lki.,"-Graphics: Ok, bit to colorful for my taste. Plants look like plastic-Sound: Voicechat is a bit ♥♥♥♥ed up. Rest seems ok-Zombies: Dumb as hell. Could run pass them in about 10 meters disctance. Can be handled with bare hands, no danger. Just like animals. Can punch them with fists to death. Not fighting/escaping. AI 0/10.-Controls: Cant reassign keys.-Gameplay: Feels like pay2win. Spawned, airdrop next to me and shot right into the face with an automatic rifle before i could even escape. While playing a few hours i saw about 10 airdrops. All containing rifles, ammo, backpacks etc. All i found were some tshirts, knifes and empty bottles. Looting seems weird. Every container i opened was empty. Most of the time youre eating berries because you starve in about 30 mins playtime and there is nothing else to eat.Only 2 things that felt positive: Crafting system seems nice and i couldnt see any big bugsAfter few hours it feels like ive seen everything: Find materials, craft bow, fight players, get wrecked by pay2win.Wouldnt buy it again"
,Not Recommended,295110,14010955,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Iyagovos,"The developers of H1Z1 have repeatedly ensured that there will be no pay-to-win mechanics in the game. However, today, players have discovered that it's incredibly pay-to-win, by purchasing a ticket that airdrops weapons directly on to the player.This is false advertising, and I highly recommend not buying H1Z1, as it rewards lying to the consumer, as well as pay-to-win mechanics."
76561198056448257,Not Recommended,295110,19406480,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,TeemoGod671,"I do not recommend this game if you are interested in the Survival. This is the ONE of the worst games in its ""alpha"" state. Repeated bugs that get ""fixed"" just show up again in a few weeks. Zombies are useless. Even the battle royale is really bugged.  IMO this gets a 2/5 stars."
,Not Recommended,295110,14005293,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,lepidus,Let me tell you what this game is in its current state...G99 Simulator 2015.But seriously if you're wanting to play this wait until the log in is fixed...
,Not Recommended,295110,14003470,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,|51st|.Rgl.Eldridge,does the game look good? YesCan you buy the game? YesCan you play the game? NoHonestly I can look past the fatal launching errors. But after watching the streams....You can buy airdrops that drop weapons....GAME BREAKING.
,Not Recommended,295110,14012632,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Desolater IV,"http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=375898901Currently, the game just has too many problems.- Laggy overpopulated servers- Loading / Freezing issues- A dozen bugs that will crash your client- Very low population of zombies that don't seem to be a threat...in a zombie game ;,(- Random spawns that sometimes put you in the middle of nowhere- In-Game Shop that allows you to buy a number of things, including guns, med kits, etc.- Most people will just attack you on sight, because the game is just too boring otherwise.- A wonky login client which is tied to other games.Side Note:If you get lucky and find a car, it can be fun to ramp it off a mountain withturbo.In conclusion, this game will be Free to Play, and it feels every bit like a free to play game.(I realize this game is Early Access, and I will improve this review if the game improves)Cash Shop ->http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=375927145http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=375927102Update, you ""might"" be able to get a refund:http://www.reddit.com/r/h1z1/comments/2snhud/no_questions_asked_refund_policy/I have already emailed them."
,Not Recommended,295110,18255256,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,LuzyScythe,"This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ and the ♥♥♥♥ing piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game it is wont let you play at all if you dont have an account, and if you are like me who did not register an account when the game first came out, you are♥♥♥♥♥♥out of luck and can not play the game."
,Recommended,295110,14310186,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Ugles,"-walked-walked-saw a bear-ran to the bear and started punching it furiously-bear hit me twice, died-zombie attacked the bear to avenge my death <3-respawned-found a gas station-saw someone-he asked me to give him pizza and kebab-told him kebab is no good with pizza,its good with yogurt-he said he would try it-he died because of the zombie coming behind him-avenged my kebab brother <311/10 would tell people to eat kebab with yogurt again"
,Recommended,295110,14489094,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Shark X,> Saw a guy> Became friends> We went to a town> We get inside the building> Saw two guns> We Hear guns fired from same distance> We Died10/10 Would get inside for two guns again
,Recommended,295110,15887800,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Exoner,"I have logged 180 hours and still counting, this game is really good if you like survival type games, PvP or PvE. I really love the Battle Royal mode it is just fun 130+ players playing on a map to get first, sometimes its just big rampage. For an alpha it obviously has bugs but it even isn't that bad, the one thing that makes this game less interesting are the hackers.I give this game a (8.5/10) just because hackers are ruining the game sometimes."
76561198111523703,Not Recommended,295110,17774668,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,HSA NoControl,Got banned for nothing . I have 15 hours on record i havent played with cheats nor sweared . 3 of my friends got banned too for no reason at all . Really dissapointing .
,Not Recommended,295110,14016483,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Jeffaira,"So there was quiet the hype about this game. MehSony don't have a good track record of pleasing customers, just look the PSN, Spidey Remakes, dope they just like the monies.So after watching Castors playing the game and not generally being impressed, I decided to take the plunge and try it myself.First impressions were that the enviroment looked great but the player model looked and moved like Infestation (crappy).Then I set off on my way to loot and kill zambies, took 30 minutes to find a weapons and 5 hits to kill a zambie in the head with a hatchet....lame.Then I met my first player, he tried to KOS me but I was the victor by 10 hits with a hatchet...lame!No loot, no ammo, tough as fook zambies....And this is meant to be a DayZ killer, yeah I know its just been released and all but it has massively been over hyped to the extreme and has failed to deliver.Oh yeah and its basically P2W!"
,Recommended,295110,14028282,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Sgt.Val,"Lol pathic kids still complaing about the airdrops, they been deving this game for almost around year now and they need to make back there money some how. as a very picky gameplayer this destorys Dayz and any other zombie game out there. All the extremely large amout of people saying its ""Pay to Win"" is just trend for other people to make there selfs feel involved with other people lmao.Very good game buy it immediately and don't waste your money on Sh*t Dayz"
76561197968891516,Not Recommended,295110,14728242,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,PNEI5_Sk1nnyP3n1s,Hack Hack Hack Hack Hack -.-I  mean the game is quiet good but let your hands off please !Same hacking♥♥♥♥♥♥like DayZ.
,Recommended,295110,14225780,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,[Bean] Tonfisk,"I logged in the first time, made my trusty bow and headed for adventure. Discovered a motel and started raiding them for supplies when i was shot at multiple times, with blood gushing out of my body i screamed that i was friendly and outside one window were a guy with a gun and a motorcycle helmet.""I will let you live if you can answer a question"" He said""Ill do anything! Ask your question""!The Gunman thought for a while and then asked: ""How many children does Ned Stark have?""Relieved that my life was saved due to my immense love for GoT, I replied with the correct answer.""Correct! you can live! unequip your bow and i will come in and give you a medkit for your wounds"" He saidHe stepped inside, dropped a medkit and then gave me his gun with loads of ammo aswell. From a halfdescent mic his voice sounded once more and asked if i wanted to join him and his buddy in building a base.In fear of getting hossibly shot by this man i gratefully accepted and at his base I was allowed full acces to all their loot. I stayed fo a while, chopping down trees for materials to complete the base. After some time i said that it was time for me to go find my brother who was in another part of the map trying to raid 4 guys alone. He said that i was welcome back at any time and we parted as friends.10/10 would trust my life to GoT knowledge again"
76561198135801504,Not Recommended,295110,18261225,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,dayrl,"Way to many hackers, refunded straight away, the game will be free when it is released, migth give it a try then but until then save your money,10/10 would refund again"
,Not Recommended,295110,14015543,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,ms2k7,Do no buy this game dayz is alot better at least you can play dayz H1z1 is a rip off you pay £14.99 to wait for 30+ minutes to join a server and most of the time it doesnt work this game should never of been made it is pathetic
76561198046906133,Not Recommended,295110,20166720,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,box bear,lag lag crash
,Not Recommended,295110,20172988,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Oukskirts,POS h1z1 crashed on me before I can play the game wtf oi
,Recommended,295110,14039079,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Alpha Wolf™,"Well, I wasn't actually going to write anything up on this until I hit at least 50+ hours, but with all the negative ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t people are writing up, I figured: ""Wtf, I might as well.""I originally decided to get my money refunded over SOE's lies about this game not having P2W items. But, I only did it, because of the lie. However, with that being said, I play Planetside 2 and that's P2W, but I STILL manage to actually keep up with all the rich kids who can buy the best gear. So, what the Hell, I can do it in a post-apocalyptic world with zombies.So, I re-bought the game.Anyways, people are saying go buy DayZ, because it's a better game. Well, if ANY of you fanbois remember DayZ launch day, I do, then you will remember how bad it was. 5 minutes of ACTUAL game play and ALL the servers went down for 2 days. That's right. TWO days. Then, for a month, maybe more, not really sure now, gameplay was so horrid, that I didn't even want to load it up. Open a door, die. Pick an item up, die. You could barely run without dying from some stupid glitch.Anyways, H1Z1 IS PRE-ALPHA EARLY ACCESS and on launch day and here the few days after, is a MUCH better experience than when DayZ launched. Just remember that."
,Recommended,295110,17340508,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Tom,"H1Z1 is a survival sandbox massively multiplayer online game, it has been developed by DayBreak Game Company, which are formerly known as Sony Online Entertainment.   The game is set during a zombie apocalypse in rural USA in which players will are pitted against each other to survive.H1Z1 has two modes, a PvE survival mode which you have to work together with other players in order to fight back and survive against the zombies, whilst crafting and building shelter, along with scavenging for weapons and ammo. This mode for me didn't feel fleshed out very much; whether it is because I am not a massive fan of the whole survival type games, or maybe because the zombie genre has just been saturated to death at this point in time. It also felt like if you had not been on the server you joined since the release, you are instantly miles behind everyone else; all of the houses are boarded up, all the ammo and armor has been found, you just end up being a scrub and it is no fun at all.The second mode, which is what I played the majority of time, is a PVP mode called Battle Royal, this puts players into a map and they are put into a Hunger Games type fight against each other. There can be about 150 people at the start of the game, and each time someone is killed off, there is an announcement and you know how many people are left at any given time.  This for me is easily the best part of H1Z1, you can form alliances with people in order to get further into the battle, but most of the time people just end up back stabbing! So trust no one! This mode is also made even funner with the games in game voice function; you are able to talk to passes by with easy to arrange partnerships or to plea for your life if you have to. As to be expected with this type of feature though, you sometimes get people who'll abuse it by shouting abuse or playing rap music down the mic...This game is still in early access, but that being said, it is nice looking game. Normally MMO type games have to scale back their graphics but you can get some really pretty looking shots. When it rains on the map, it looks awesome. I was only able to play it on ""High"" settings as it looks like the ""Ultra"" settings are not enabled yet even though it's an option in game, it just wouldn't stay active. I cannot wait to see what it looks like on the full settings.The PVE mode is probably the hardest mode in H1Z1, you have to be willing to put hours and hours into crafting weapons, items and whatnot in order to get anywhere positive, whilst the PVP mode is as hard as you make it. Due to the vast size of the maps, you can sometimes be running around for a good portion of the time, (which is why people are calling this another walking simulator) the game does force people into moving towards each other with the implementation of toxic gas being released and only having a set area being safe from it; if you get caught outside of that zone you'll die, so you have to keep moving to the safe zones thus pushing closer and closer together into confrontation.The actual world maps are full of buildings, camp sites, abandoned vehicles to hijack and drive around. Each of the houses, at least on PVP mode have items in each room which you can plunder, whilst also having bits of clothing or armor in order for you to personalize your character.With this game being an open world, MMO type game, there is no ""end point"", and it has a very pick up and play feel to it (especially PVP), you have to set aside maybe 15-20 minutes for a game though. Even after you die in a match, you can leave straight away and jump straight back into a new game with no problems. Right now there are almost 13k people playing this game, so the community is very active as it stands.I had a couple of technical issues whilst playing H1Z1, the main one is this game does not run properly on an SLI setup. I had to turn my SLI off completely for the game to stop having a horrible flickering, shadowing and tearing graphical problems. There also seems to be an element of high lag in some servers, but that is to be expected in an Early Access release game though. This type of issue will hopefully be ironed out by the time the game comes out of early access.In conclusion; I am going to recommend H1Z1, but only because the PVP multiplayer is so much fun. If you aren't really into PVP, you probably should give this a miss as I didn't enjoy the PVE. I would also be skeptical about buying this game at full price as with all Early Access games, you run the risk of buying product that may never be completely finished.Tom's Score Card1) Stay away2) Only recommended when on sale3) Recommended4) Highly recommended5) This is a must playhttps://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLPiYxRIDCDgYNXReqWoLHdoI764JJLpjyIf you found this review helpful, please consider giving it a thumbs up. You can also find more reviews over athttp://www.completingthebackloggroup.com/http://store.steampowered.com/app/295110"
,Recommended,295110,14361984,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,MrBum21,"The game still has a long way to go, but the crafting is fun and interesting.  While death in the game does suck, the worst part is not knowing where you show up.  even if you were all geard it never feels that you are far away from being back in the game.I have not experienced any air drops yet, so I can't comment at that.I do know that I am having fun, and the few PvP encounters I have experienced have given me a great rush that is missing from most MMOs."
,Recommended,295110,14111473,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Happy,Helllo I'm Friendly Sesini Duyunca Direk Kaçın
,Not Recommended,295110,14656214,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,MrFourTwenty,"Update:Well after a couple of patches you can now find items in the world a bit easier but the game is still boring.  What is sad is that the game after the last upate runs bad, I was getting over a 100fps and after the update I am luck to get 30 and it does not even look that good on high sittings.  I justs don't see anyting that great in this game, it is boring and looks like crap and not scary in the slightest.  All the sheds and buildings look a like.  And bases, well, they look all the same and crappy like everything else in this game, if that is what you can call it."
76561198023111128,Recommended,295110,14377549,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Wahku,I like it more then DayZ and those other games alike.
,Not Recommended,295110,17656080,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Kyle,"Lets begin with the gameplay. You run like a pansy, the loot system makes no sence and is more empty than a college kids pantry, the community is toxic and full of hackers, the map is boring and all looks the same and it has much worse desync issues than Dayz.This game is ridiculous. If you buy this game and when it breaks, yes I said WHEN not IF, then you're done ♥♥♥♥ed. Daybreak's support if absolute crap, and they do nothing to help fix your problem. You wont be able to play the game because you apparently have 'more than one account' (even if you only made one). Then you'll look of the Daybreak website and they will give you a link to click if you only have one account, and then they will just say 'nah brah, you probs have more than one account'. Its ♥♥♥♥in ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t mate.oh and the game is pretty bad too, just buy dayz. It has no log in bullsh*t"
,Recommended,295110,30695612,Posted: 23 March,all,Hails,"I'm currently playing and trying this game for the first time. So far I'm having a lot of fun as a group playing the game.Pros:-A nice survival game you can pop on for a little bit and log out and not feel like you've crippled yourself in the long run.-The party system; All the members in your group get a well defined line around them so friendly casualties are kept to a minimum.-The graphics aren't too bad; nothing amazing but not bad :)-Lots of loot! I haven't really ever found a house or town that was barren of loot unless another player was currently there.Cons:-The second you place down a campfire every zombie in the area swams you. Not really terribly bad as the people defending always have a good time finding ways to kill em all but as a builder I found myself not being able to get out for supplies without backup.-The zombies can be a little glitchy if they're chasing. Let's say I had a zombie on me and someone else was trying to kill it, then it would port around a bit and have some really janky movement. The only good option is to kill what's chasing you yourself or completely stop moving and let it kick your butt while someone else kills it.As far as a zombie survival game this one doesn't stand out from the crowd but I certainly don't think it's bad. For a casual zombie survival I'd give it 8/10. If you're wanting something hardcore then I'd suggest looking elsewhere :)"
,Recommended,295110,14632918,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Steelblade,ZOMBIES THAT DO NOT WALK THROUGH WALLS!Truly innovative.
,Recommended,295110,14084301,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Mr. Knight,"DO NOT listen to all the children saying this game is Pay2Win. Most of them haven't even played the game. Just let me tell you this. I love DayZ, it's a great game, but I am now IN LOVE with H1Z1. This game has so much promise right now, and the devs are actually listening to the community about everything, and so far they are releasing patches every 2 days. It's amazing. Get the game, experience the greatness of H1Z1!"
76561198004231673,Recommended,295110,14358221,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Dumpster,Everything I wish Rust had eventually become
,Recommended,295110,14176169,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Darkened,"This game in it's early access is twice the game Day Z could ever hope to be. Anyone who is still standing beside Day Z is just being stubborn. Day Z was a wonderful concept that failed because a mickey mouse company couldn't handle it. Sony however has the programmers to tackle this big project. Currently it's not without flaws, but the patchs come quick.If you liked Day Z, give H1Z1 a try!"
76561198108530027,Not Recommended,295110,14758612,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,)̲̅ζo)̲̅ζ Ovtcharov,♥♥♥♥!!!!!!!!! SO MANY HACKER IN THIS GAME!!!!!GM is USELESS!!!! DON'T BUY THIS GAME!!!!!from: TAIWAN player
,Not Recommended,295110,14009049,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Devano,The developers claimed that they would not be including microtransactions in fear that this would turn into a pay to win game and they did so anyway. Aside from one of the worst launches in history and unable to get into the game after nearly eight hours of trying as well as the terrible unresponsive and laggy gameplay the game was alright. Even when I got to actually play the game I was incredibly let down. I wish steam would refund me.
76561198011097940,Not Recommended,295110,14013534,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,☆THEROG☆,Game is way to be bugged for even alpha. This game seems like some at SOE created on there lunch break.
,Not Recommended,295110,18194300,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,pl0xyyy,Its a bug. Dont play it.
,Not Recommended,295110,14005920,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Faith_cs,"get promised no P2W, get promised a release in a matter of weeks (told 8 months ago), get promised a good launch.thanks  sonygg"
,Recommended,295110,14056391,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Sujieun🥇,"After alll the patches and things that has happen this game has improved already by a lot. So what if people call this game P2W the loot crates cost YOU 5$ each, shows your position and other risk as well. Countless times has people been able to bow someone in the face vs someone with an AR. Guns and bullets only last so long and is only good as the player is. People will complain about anything even if this game was not free to play but buy to play - I will still play. Considering this is still alpha there is a lot they are still doing and are listening to what the community is complaining about. As you can see in the last few patches."
76561198037991174,Not Recommended,295110,14129875,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Morana Zala,"You know, I would recommend this game to everyone. If it wasnt for the couple of people on there that go aroumd and kill you. I thought this game was about grouping together and surviving againest zombies, not people. Even when sometimes it takes almost 20 mins to get to play the game, only to get killed in five minutes. I know it's an early access game, but come on. would be nice to actually play the game with people."
76561197964096634,Not Recommended,295110,14010713,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Zothen,"Sorry, but stay away from this Pay2Win game! 5 bucks to drop you your personal guns to hunt the unarmed! Finding them ingame? Good  joke!Against what Sony promised they made the game purely pay2win!Airdrops drop right in front of your feet! Theres no contest about that paid, overpowered gear!Also, customers paid for EA access and no Sony does not provide enough EU servers. All servers have wait queues for 45mins to 2hrs! One should expect a global player like Sony is able to avoid such amateur failures! Nope, not Sony!""We will NOT be selling Guns, Ammo, Food, Water... i.e. That's kind of the whole game and it would suck in our opinion if we did that.""""8) We have made the decision to allow paid for airdrops into the game with things like guns and other things being randomly selected as part of the airdrop. We’re making them highly contested and building a whole set of rules around this, but you should be aware that our goal is to make this a way to keep things interesting on the servers but still be contested. If these offend your sensibilities just know that they are going to be there. We have gone out of our way to make sure the airdrops are contested in-game and that you can’t simply expect to easily walk about to the airdrop and grab it. Even if you paid for it. """
,Not Recommended,295110,21350351,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Ondjon,"H1Z1 is a surivival shooter with a lot of promise. I've played for about 26 hours, so concider this my first impression. I've played some King of the Kill, but I've put most of my time into the Just Survive mode.I started out with a PvE server, to learn the ropes. At first it was thrilling to explore the apocolyptic wasteland, meet new people, scavange for parts and the necceceties for survival. But after a few hours, I had a very hard time to set new goals for myself.. I could outrun most wildlife, and all the zombies. There were no threath anymore, which removes the surival part of the game. You might as well call it ""Just living"" at this point. I feel there is a dissonance between gameplay and progress. As a result I got rather bored with this mode after a few days.So, I need a challange..To knock it up a noch.. I tried my newfound skills on the PvP server. And this is where it went from easy, to obnoxiously hard. Every singel player that I encounterd was on the hunt. They were stocked on guns, bullets, armor, cars, you name it! Concidering I had just spawned, and had no loot for them to capitalize on. I tried to talk my way out of it, but it seems most of the community shoots first and laughs in your face. What is the incentive?I understand what player vs player implies. My point is that a new players will have a very hard time on a PvP-server, without the items they need to protect them selves. So you try, and try again, on the road of adversity.I am disapointed. I was hoping that this could be an FPS/TPS that could exist without stocked triggerhappy opponetns, who shoot, loot, repeat! If you had the option or felt it was neccecery to shoot someone, it should cost you..Maybe this philosophy is more suitable for a roleplaying mode. Where you possibly spawn in groups who need to work together for survival, on a server with limited resources.Look, like I said.. this game shows a lot of promise, and It's still in early access. Still I feel it has a long way too go from here. In my opinion the game needs a bigger variation of personal objectives, more trails in survival, and a better mix between PvP and PvE (and the difficulty level between the two)But hey, let's see how the game turns out once they release it for real."
76561198018838919,Not Recommended,295110,21141525,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Sankanyu,"I waited a long time to write a review about this game in the hope that it would improve as it is still in an early alpha stage. This game got me really hyped to play. I love survival, I love zombies and I adore being hunted in a game and hiding n' all that good stuff. This game brings none of the above, especially in the PvE mode that I was looking forward too.The survival is far too easy, if you spend an afternoon you can build a base and scavenge enough stuff to last about a month in solitary confinement, this also means that the map is filled with bases that are larger than most towns in the game.Also adding to this construction dilemma, you can hardly edit existing structures to use as a base, you are forced to build the same looking base as everyone else in the game. I expected this method to be a kind of ""placeholder construction"" for the early alpha but I can now safely say that this is probably not the case as they keep updating us about how they improved and perfected this particular way of construction.All the zombies can be out runned and stamina is nearly limitless, being able to outrun a zombie isn't really a bad thing though, because zombies are mostly dangerous in hordes right! So that's not an issue you might say, breaking your dreams here, There are NO hordes, And I don't see them adding those in any time soon as the AI doesn't seem to have anything close to a grouping system in it for the zombies, they behave very individual and just spawn randomly in cities. So you also can't fight your way through a town, because the zombies you kill just respawn. this makes the world feel fake and killing zombies feels useless.The only thing that is really dangerous out there are the wolves and bears, the wolves aren't so bad (or they are the worst thing that can happen to you, but more about that later), but the bears are really really powerful, a two hit kill and impossible to kill with melee weapons, but... If you have a shotgun or a hunting rifle you can kill them in 2-3 shots... So they either kill you without you having the possibility of doing anything back, or they are just easy food, which seems like poor balancing to me (again this is early access alpha, but I didn't see any noteworthy changes being made to the animals since the game launched so I don't expect any anymore).To sum up the PvE, it's just a boring grind, looting the same places, building the same structures. The most fun I had was when I, of course intentionally jumped into a locked base with French people in it where I had to pronounce my love for France to get my freedom back. So the most fun of PvE is just social trolling with each other. This game is basically just voice chat, but then again Skype is free so it's no reason to buy it.PvP on the other hand can be a blast! BUT! And here comes a big big but. You need to have, I would say at least! a group of 5 maybe 6 friends to play it with to have any fun. The PvP community isn't really the ""Hey I'm Frankie friendly"" type a' guys. I played with a group of about 4-5 people for a week and had a blast. until we got pwned and half of the guys got a bad case of the ragequits.And a group of two just isn't enough to enjoy yourselves in this game, you will get killed so many times that it just gets to the point that you get sniped, after you finally get that gun and a shirt to replace the one you had to rip apart to make a bow, and you leave a sigh of disappointment in all of mankind, you cry a little, shut down the game and go to bed pondering what you could have done with that 20 bux you spend on this game. You wonder for a while and see that beautiful my little pony statue you always wanted but didn't get because you just had to buy H1Z1. Don't let this happen to you, just don't.Now I can't write a review about Le Battle Royal because I never played that and I don't really care for that game mode, it's not why I got this game so I'll skip that.Than coming to the last point on the agenda (this is the part that includes that dangerous wolves), the all important (especially during an early alpha as not to bum people out) CUSTOMMER SUPPORT! Oh what a wondrous experience I had. The support was quite fast for my experience, responding within 3 days most of the time. The only problem was that they didn't know how to fix my problem! they told me random stuff that normally should kinda work, while they should have known my particular problem.Why you ask? Because they have the same problem on Planetside2, that runs on the same engine! My particular problem is that my game desincs, just at random moments. I don't notice when it happens I only notice it when I encounter an enemy, one that I cannot run from. This desinc causes me to be unable to hit anything. You might understand the frustration it bring is you keep a character alive for 3 weeks and then it dies because of an engine bug. This bug is not going to get fixed, if it does get fixed I'll be very surprised.The existence of the bug isn't even the biggest issue, the biggest issue with this particular bug is that they don't pay any serious attention to the people reporting it to them. They didn't give me any useful advice and all my tickets were closed and forum posts ignored. But it's not only me, it's everyone who has this bug that is being ignored. So I'm guessing that this one is unfixable. But be informed, this bug doesn't affect everyone! Only a small percentage has this issue! This is my personal grief and should not be seen as a common issue.I won't cover optimization as it is an alpha game, but I can say this. At this moment in time it is nonexistent.My overall rating for this game at this moment in time would be a [ 4 OUT OF 10 ]. I really hope that most if not all of these issues get fixed in the future and that I get the game I hoped for, and that I wanted to back with my early alpha donation."
,Not Recommended,295110,18923392,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,QuantumPhysic,"This game hasn't held a single promise up since it released. There is no survival there is only the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ team deathmatch where you earn skins that you have to pay keys to unlock their containers in the first place. DO NOT buy this game if you want survival, it doesn't exist. The game has been losing players every week and its only a matter of time until it's dead. Stay clear and save yourself the money."
76561198176706079,Not Recommended,295110,21133824,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Marshmallowelf,"I can't even get into the game, because my daybreak account doesn't match with the original one I created, but I have it purchased on steam. Can't find any way to recover my account."
,Not Recommended,295110,14045313,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Jon Sneh,Abandoned trash
76561198062485429,Not Recommended,295110,21136020,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,RedThumb,"When I first saw this game I was so excited, since I love these survival games. Best of all no microtransactions. The game came out and guess what, there were so many microtransactions I was ready to unistall. I pushed through it and played a bit more but it was so buggy and riddled with hackers that I couldn't. I stopped playing and now it is being split up into two games for $20, when it was going to be Free-to-Play when it fully released. This game is a joke, don't buy it unless you want to hate yourself."
76561198003652916,Not Recommended,295110,18916617,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Vin Deagle,"Do not buy this game if you're looking for a good Survival mode. $20 to test an ALPHA and most of their patch releases are just new microtransactions rather than content. Any content released causes more game-breaking bugs. The developers are cashing in while their game is still popular, I doubt it will make it out of Alpha."
,Not Recommended,295110,18886290,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Wolfret D. Caigan,"As much as I wish I could, I cannot give this game my recommendation.It started out a bit rocky but with promise. Some issues here, bugginess there, it got worked on a bit. It grew a bit, kept on a bumpy issue laden path, but progress was slowly made! Slowly being key. Survival is riddled with bugs and issues and hackers. And slowly you'd see a little progress on them.And then suddenly...the market came into play. Oh, a crate system like CS:GO with skins? Not liking where this is going...where are the bug fixes in Survival? Where's all the focus going?Well, it's going to Battle Royale. The game mode with no zombies, just parachute in, get a gun, get a vehicle, and shoot everyone. (Or, just as likely, get shot by a group of people teaming up in a Solo, every man for themselves server).""Yes, we'll be focusing on Survival after this major event!"" And we got it! No wait, we didn't. We got a new Battle Royale style game mode, another Battle Royale centered event, another crate centered around this event, and us Survival players feel kicked to the side yet again.So, no, I cannot recommend this game at this time."
,Not Recommended,295110,25055726,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Bragnak,"I do not recommend this game, creators care only about new skins and chest instead to make this game working. Every patch they make a new glich...I dont know how cars patch can glich bows etc..."
76561198021785996,Not Recommended,295110,23678737,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Toeknee,"""EDIT:05-02-2017Now would be a good time to download the BETA! ONLY because, Daybreak has hinted that new content will be coming out. Buildable strongholds, better melee etc. On that note, I'll keep watching on Reddit :S""Straight forwardIMO, wait until 2017 to download the ""Just Survive"" Beta! It's currently not good!"
76561198053721343,Not Recommended,295110,18893704,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Boilerdang Curdlesnoot,"Was told to get a good game.Got this instead. No, thanks.Lots of promises but they don't back it up.Another EA Survival Game that looks promising at first and then cant live up to it."
76561197980984130,Not Recommended,295110,21530584,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Omega,"It is the same game than the last year, devs are not working on it, no new contents, no update, no new map, no new craft, no new weapons, no new building, bullets don't register sometimes..."
,Not Recommended,295110,21348252,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,MrSquirrel,"I got this ame from the very beginning and thought it was promising, unitl they did this.Who ever came up with the idea to split the game should be fired!!"
,Not Recommended,295110,21658612,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Deadkiller,it said i would get king of the kill if buy this game  but i didn't i would only recomend this game if i get king of the kill thats the only why will recomened this game.
,Not Recommended,295110,21286216,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Cryoheart (Scifi),"I do not understand how this will make the community more happy..? Seperating game modes for stand-alone games was already bad but now it is 20$ for survival AND battle royale? They have to be joking. This is why people you need to wait 1-2 years before buying games like this because most of the time the devs are always greety for money. Because this game became so popular they thought that if they ""2 games 2 dev teams"" Now that is some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. ""2 games 20$ each = community abuse ;)"""
76561198132958660,Not Recommended,295110,21285552,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Lone Griever,the devs are just trying to grab everyones cash and it is bs for that reason only I dislike this game.
,Not Recommended,295110,21270622,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,FalseHopes,Wish I could Refund
76561198126428629,Recommended,295110,14003622,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Klutzy,>Buy game>Download>Short masterbation intermission>Done downloading>Sighns up>Logs in>Hits play>Error10/10 would error again
,Not Recommended,295110,21286812,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Sledge Parrot,cash grab to get more money by splitting the game dont buy the survival side its pretty boring and♥♥♥♥♥♥better off buying the battle royal side or king of the hill or what ever they are calling itonly decent aspect of the game still pretty aids with game bugs though and still run into hackers in green dawn
,Not Recommended,295110,21307765,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,The Red Ranger,"WHY SONY/DAYBREAK SUCH PROMISE AND THEN ............ MICRO TRANSACTIONS,SKINS AND THE FINAL STRAW AN ALPHA GAME SPLIT INTO TWO SEPERATE MICRO TRANSACTION FILLED PILES OF♥♥♥♥♥♥WORTH £15? MY♥♥♥♥♥♥ID RATHER PAY A LADYBOY £15 TO♥♥♥♥♥♥ON MY FACE!!! DAY BREAK YOU HAVE FINALLY DONE IT RUINED A GAME I LOVED !!!! I TRUSTED YOU!"
,Not Recommended,295110,19245544,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Jackal,"While not quite as massive as DayZ it's still a big map. PvE is fun until another player builds barbed wire around your base and you can't destroy it since its PvE so your stuck unless you change servers. PvP servers can be fun, but 9 times out of 10 the player you run across is going to kill you not matter the circumstances. They are new and you try to help them...they will kill you. You are new with nothing but a tactical flashlight and try to make friends...they will kill you. It's like this across most survival games until someone makes a game where zombies are a real threat and forces people to band together.Also since the survival aspect of the game is second in terms of development priority with the Battle Royal being number 1. With all the crates (and keys that need to bought a nominal fee)that's the cash producer for this game. The devs  say the survival part is just harder to produce but they have no problem churning out a new PvP micro-transaction mode.With DayZ slowly fading due to their original dev jumping ship once his pockets were full the zombie/open world/survival game genre was ripe for the picking...just seems Daybreak games ladder came up a bit short once their pockets started filling. Like all micro-transaction games the DayBreak devs will produce just enough content to keep the money flowing once the curve bends away from their favor will quickly jump from ""alpha"" to ""finished product"" so they can call it quits and produce the next game.I can't say I haven't had any fun with this game but if your on the fence about buying it then don't. Wait till further reviews show a more finished survival game.......but if you want toons dressed in their tightly whities screaming profanities/racist language and generally acting like what you would consider the low end of what it takes to be human spectrum then you have come to the right place."
76561197966903043,Not Recommended,295110,19244076,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Frosty,"♥♥♥♥ the developers of this game. They cannot fix simple bugs without ruining a handful of other things. Game has ton of potential, but endless bugs, poor development team and hackers have ruined the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it."
76561198199942502,Not Recommended,295110,18894071,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,STU,Sort ouyt controller use muppets
76561198103939935,Not Recommended,295110,21365151,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,t1m_sk31t,"i really like this game but whatever you do do not buy or support it, the crates are rigged to make you buy more and youl will get abselutely nothing, ive spend about 210 on this game and didnt get a rare item so honestly ♥♥♥♥ this game the devs only care about money"
76561198003679089,Not Recommended,295110,19284644,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,TakeMyShit,"Not really a survival game,the atmosphere is bad and everybody plays BR... Optimization is bad,like really bad i get more fps in Dayz then this♥♥♥♥♥♥... The graphic suck hard also,and the shooting mechanics♥♥♥♥♥♥Get Dayz or ARMA 3 if u want survival mod...."
,Not Recommended,295110,19272834,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,broandelex,"If they ever get the hacking issue's under control  and add a larger area then I would recommend it.  had the game  for along time now  and every time me and a friend play it... we always run into people using ESP hacks/etc   that pretty much just run around and grief players, reporting the players seems to have little to know effect."
,Not Recommended,295110,19192360,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,**,"Spend weeks building a sweet base, kill a ton of people and get mad loot.Hackers kill you inside your base and raid it. Report them + evidence in video and wait months for them to get banned.DO not buy this game they never added a anticheat and people have been mad about it for ages.I will be asking for refund!!"
,Not Recommended,295110,21469426,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,The_Hermannator,best part about it was uninstalling
,Not Recommended,295110,21068707,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Lolicon Monopoly,>be me yesterday>be playing h1z1>play a few games of battle royale>come back the next day>banned>doesnt tell me why>tries to contact customer support>asks me to login but i cant because im banned>tries to create a ban appeal ticket>asks me to login but i cant because im banned>what the ♥♥♥♥?
,Not Recommended,295110,21219437,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Stereorage82,"In what I hoped, and had good reason to hope, would become a great story about a Dev team that finally listened to it's fanbase on what direction to go with their early access game, I am absolutely floored at how they can BLATANTLY lie, almost a year after the initial release of the game to Steam which to say the least, was riddled with controversey about how they promised to not have any ""pay to win"" microtransactions in the game, and NOW, completely disregard their promise to make H1Z1 a free game once released from Early Access! Now they are completely doing a 180 on that, and in fact, this game is never going to be free, atleast not initially after release from Early Access, but will now be splitting into 2 games, both with two seperate prices, with the same price tag on each game. So basically, new players will have to pick and choose which one(one is for Survival, and the other is for the Battle Royale death match mode) they want to buy, or pay double of what we payed, if they want to get both games. This brings into question whether or not it will be as easy as it would have been, to persuade friends to play the game if it were free. So will my friends fork over the money to play? Not as big of a chance as if they kept with their promise that they had maintained for a whole year, until all sudden, they changed their tone.Daybreak, you have disappointed me the last time. never will I purchase another product from this company, whether it be a full game, or a microtransaction. Will I continue playing the survival mode game? Maybe. But will I recommend it to my friends? That will completely depend on how the seperate development team handles the further development. And if it is anything like the last couple of months, I would rather predict that I will not recommend it, and probably won't waste much more time playing it myself, unless someone I know, coaxes me to play with them."
76561198076592162,Not Recommended,295110,24300103,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,✪ Ellusion ✪,"Games great fun to play casually. Games great to kill time. Games is great for running around with buddies. Game is great cause i enjoy it. But the toxic community, beyond measure hax, amount of non english players, and horrible customer service (posting on twitter makes you productive?) among other petty things destroy this game and it's fun. Alpha or Beta, since the split the game is not worth the money. letting Daybreak get away with jamming the market up with trades and low ball items from last year while they manage to scrape in all with grins especially from the new stuff. If im spending lots of money of crates, keys , skins i should be able to atleast make a buck or two back to offset the cost of the items i desire and will spend moeny on to attain. How many times the company as switched leaders, gm's and companies and certainly followers is astounding and with good measure leads to the idea of greed and bad management. Like any investment, the money put in does not show in the overall product. I rate it 7 outta 10 for the fun i do have. i rate it 7 outta ten for how it looks and feels. I give a fat 0 for production, community, world interferance, glitched farscape map and allowing to let  EU ASIA and Brazilian players destroy the NA servers with bad internet and ping from the moon."
76561198042579637,Not Recommended,295110,21375909,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Walter White,"So glitched I literally couldn't play the game. I couldn't get past the server loading screen before instantly crashing every time. I understand this is a pre-access game, but I figured i'd be able to PLAY this at the very least. Waste of $20."
,Not Recommended,295110,23813765,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,ROWDY,MOST CANCER LOG IN SYSTEM IN THE ♥♥♥♥ING WORLD! omg i wish i never bought this game!
,Not Recommended,295110,21307637,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,jm,"too late to get a refund, stuck with 2 ♥♥♥♥♥♥ games now"
76561198169716149,Not Recommended,295110,21307688,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,jojobaggins,KICKS ME OUT OF GAME THEN DELETES MY CHARACTER AND HAD SO MUCH STUFF
76561198062693234,Not Recommended,295110,21307424,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,EMPOY ♥,It's All about money -_- they separate the ♥♥♥♥ing game -_-
,Not Recommended,295110,21304367,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,knecke,Bad developers.
76561198078522057,Not Recommended,295110,21302222,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,-SAE- LordWilly.,money grabbing♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198211898680,Not Recommended,295110,14782792,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Kanada,"this game was fun. for like a day, then it started crashing constantly and now i cant play 10 minutes without it crashing. dont buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥ it may seem cool and fun but just wait for them to fix this crap. its nothing but problems on problems at this point. they fix one thing and its on to the next. you cant shoot a weapon without crashing, you cant even get in a car without crashing. its pathetic and it ruins the game because every 10 minutes the game unresponsive so i have to force close it. but yeah 10/10 for something this stupid."
,Not Recommended,295110,14829051,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,The Peoples Champ,LaunchPad was unable to connect. Error for 19 years help pls
76561198077343326,Not Recommended,295110,14879724,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Lewis Fatherly EmitaRP,This game is one of the worst money wasted games you will ever find.Not only the amount of people who are hacking on the game it is also how half the people who bought the game cannot even start or play it due to the amount of ♥♥♥♥♥ the actual people give.I think that this should be fixed otherwise they will need to give back refunds their game is♥♥♥♥♥♥and half the community agree.10/10 would never buy again
,Not Recommended,295110,34617334,Posted: 30 August,all,brass,shiit version of dayz
76561197994140332,Not Recommended,295110,31422018,Posted: 28 April,all,wolfgang,"Do not Support Daybreak / H1Z1It´s obvious that Daybreak is a bunch of greedy scriptkiddies. Just take a look at the technical progress of the game over the last few years (still the same: Bugs, Hacks, Glitches and Performance issues). Compare this stagnation to the amount of microtransaction based items in the Ingame-Shop.Do the math."
,Not Recommended,295110,34298522,Posted: 16 August,all,DarKness,Back when this was a new game it was fun but nowadays it has completely lost any potential it once had. In fact the only reason I still have it is becuase when H1Z1 split I was given both Just Survive and King of the Kill otherwise I never would've wasted my time with this. 10/10 would recommend you pass on this one. There are far better games you could be spending your time on.
,Not Recommended,295110,21301184,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Saarteco,Just ridiculous how they split the game in 2 just to make more money...
,Not Recommended,295110,34378457,Posted: 20 August,all,Clay.,Remember when this game was going to be free to play?  Remember when it was hyped non-stop?  Perfect example of early access filth.
76561198193352087,Not Recommended,295110,34390128,Posted: 21 August,all,jstrom1214,DONT BUY THIS GAME. I still wish they would allow a refund like they did No mans sky.I bought the game with high hopes when it first dropped. 2 YEARS AGO.they wasted all their resources into KOTK only to get♥♥♥♥♥♥on by PUBG . completely ignoring just survive. i should of known this game would go to♥♥♥♥♥♥especially in the hands of daybreak *cough* DCU *cough*AND NOW THEY COMPLETELY CHANGE THE GAME INTO SOME ♥♥♥♥♥♥ GAME with not even a full map ?!?!?!BUT KEEP ON THE LOOK OUT FOR CRATES AND SKINS LOOOOOOOOLyou just took ubisofts spot for worse game company ever. get ♥♥♥♥ed.
76561198002393193,Not Recommended,295110,19885729,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,[INFL] - Dreadful,"This game is the perfect showstopper, everytime you feel you have done someting very fulfilling and hardworking, this game ♥♥♥♥s you over so hard. It lags out everything you have worked so hard to make. I know that this game is in Early Access, but the ammount of updates this game gets for its gamemode: Battle Royale rather than Survival is pure ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, they do not give a ♥♥♥♥ about the survival part of the game. BR is stable, but the game itself bleeds from the inside.At the end of the day this game is a broken commitment.10/10 do not buy"
,Not Recommended,295110,19972371,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,JavierTMT \//\,Was alright but wouldn't play it anymore kinda the same as all the others. Only bright side was battle royale and even that was meh
,Not Recommended,295110,19893397,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,MajesticDukky,"Banned after two games of Battle Royal with friends? Also I might add, I was not using cheats, of which I was accused.So I sent off an un-ban request as I was told, and now have waited for at least 3 months without a reply, and ended up sending two requests.Perhaps some interaction with your customers would be good?"
,Not Recommended,295110,34332300,Posted: 18 August,all,JRundee,RIP H1Z1 you was fun
,Not Recommended,295110,34926021,Posted: 13 September,all,< blank >,"I've played like 1500 hours on this game and I surely don't recommend it for anyone. Every time I give it a try, i build my base, i gather loot and stuff and somehow, EVERY TIME, a hacker comes and loot my stuff from inside the Base without even braking the doors. This game is doomed. I really want my money back and my hours... Its really pathetic spending so much time trying to gather loot and then someons just using a hack take em all. PLEASE do yourselves a favor and do NOT BUY THIS GAME."
,Not Recommended,295110,21090117,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Atomic_Buddha,Split into two games? for a better experience on both game types? nah just a scam. Please no more money dishonest game companies.
,Not Recommended,295110,34350438,Posted: 19 August,all,Colonel Aegris,"Just don't buy this game, it is really bad, my mate once said ""I hope this game dies."" In it's hay day sure was not half bad but I was looking in my library and I didn't know what this game was because of two reasons, I destroyed all memories of it and it has rebranded that many times. Save your money and get a better game."
76561197994772730,Not Recommended,295110,18902973,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,FuzzyPancake,"I definetely wish I didn't buy this game. Gunplay is bad (much worse tha Planetside. Planetside was fine), the map is boring, graphics are not good and badly optimized, animations are bad, zombies are super dull (worse than DayZ's... Battle royale is fun with friends though, but isn't something I'd wanna play more than 15+ hours for sure."
,Not Recommended,295110,18900409,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Invi,"When this game was released on Early Access, there was some huge controversy about pay 2 win with the air drops etc, the Dev's assured us this game wasn't a pay 2 win cash grab, for which they did stay true to their word... about the pay 2 win part.Promise after promise has been broken by these dev's. Larger map... not coming any time soon, even though this was one of THE MAIN selling points.The survival aspect of the game has been ignored for SO LONG, Hackers run rampant with little to nothing done to combat them and more and more promises from this dev team come and go.If you want to pay for a Battle Royale game with survival mode badly tacked on, go for it, buy this game. If you want a game that's to rival DayZ in terms of survival etc. DON'T.... no seriously, don't.... the DayZ dev team churns out less bs than the H1Z1 dev's"
76561198040917377,Not Recommended,295110,18901873,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,2HandSome2Die,"I won't recoment this game at this time. I bought it because they advertise as a ""massive multiplayer survival "" game but as at right now, all the efforts goes to their BR mode. I think they will need to change from survival type to ""deathmatch"" type of game. This game eventhought is in alpha stage has serious foundation problems from active hacking in servers to lack of interest in the core game from the devs. Every patch is a catastrofic event that finish from ""game login"" problems to really buggy servers, almost all of them finish in a subsequent re-patch and then a hotfix. The concept of this game is really cool but without serious approach from their developers, it will just finish as a regular deathmatch game were hacking and cheating is rampant."
,Not Recommended,295110,18901894,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Longcat,"Initially, the game was supposed to be a survival only game, which is what it was marketed as, but somewhere along the line BR (Battle Royale) was added to the game.As of 11/5/2015, the time of writing this review, the devs have put all of their effort into milking the game with BR, promoting streamers to make more money, and cases and keys (remind you of another game?) to make EVEN more money while not updating the core of the game (Survival).On top of all of this, they are adding a ""new"" BR mode that you HAVE TO PAY FOR, so not only do you have to pay to have early access to a horrible game, you have to pay to play the new game mode.Do yourself a favor and do not buy this game, or play any daybreak games at all for that matter."
76561198190821654,Not Recommended,295110,18902197,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,JoseRodriguez,"This game is an utter failure, developers lied about the future of the game and it wasn't focusing on survival as it was advertised. They usually promise a change or update in regards of certain feature but at the end it will be just a ""texture"" fix or just ""delayed"" for a couple of months. Don't waste your money on this game."
76561198094900131,Not Recommended,295110,18900323,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Wubbzz,"Purchased when it first came out with the promise of this being my very own walking dead survival adventure. It was okay for being in alpha, stopped playing after less than a month to wait for more content/fixes. It seems the dev team are now focused on the Battle Royal(Call of duty) aspect which I could care less about and is not what I was promised. So if you are looking for a zombie apocalypse survival do not buy this game. This dev team is horrible, I am ashamed to have given them $20. Do not support game developers like this."
76561197994988252,Not Recommended,295110,18901749,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Etti,If you want a well developed Survival game that isn't about the money.  Check out ARK: Survival Evolved.  Or RUST.
,Not Recommended,295110,18902678,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,DPguarantee,I used to love this game. Until DayBreak bought the game and ran it into the ground. RIP survival. DayBreak you suck never buy a game again. Thanks for stealing my $20 dollars.
76561198159394121,Not Recommended,295110,18902333,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,I Eat Crayons,"Cant play a single match of Battle Royal without randomly disconnecting...140 fps but still disconnecting? riiiiiggghht. even with game settings set to low, when i have 180mbps down and a 960 evga graphics card. gotta be the game man, just gotta be the game :(((((("
76561198324370896,Not Recommended,295110,34729213,Posted: 4 September,all,armandojuarez655,game was boring really bad graphics and was just unplayable. its worth less than 5 bucks
76561198102709679,Not Recommended,295110,35178169,Posted: 24 September,all,3LemonsCommando,"What kind of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t is this? I got banned for ""cheats"" while I was not cheating. I wasn't playing for a long time. I have heard about the update and so me and my cousin wanted to try it out. After about 30 minutes of gameplay I got kicked out because I was ""cheating"". Later that day I got an mail claiming that I was cheating. As a calm person I have wrote a letter to the support believing that this is just a silly mistake, after some time a got a reply saying that ""The decision is final"" and my account ""will not be released no further responce will be given"". They never said any details about how they found my ""cheats"" or anything. Great company and their great policies. Letting cheaters roam free while normal people are getting banned without an option to be unbanned. Also I got banned on BOTH H1Z1 GAMES while I only played Just Surive, I have not played King of The Kill in months if not years. If you want to buy this game think 3432423562 times before you buy it, even games like DayZ can be considered a better option rather that this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t-like-game full of bugs and lags bigger than in a Russian minecraft serwer set up on a potato by a 9 year old. My biggest regret on steam ever, I have enjoyed Unturned better that this and it is free."
,Not Recommended,295110,25401744,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,MurphyBG,Currently full with hackers.
76561198096256484,Not Recommended,295110,25405905,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Strolla,"Avoid like a zombie plagueWas to be like The Walking Dead, ended up more like ZNation,All I can say is avoid Daybreak Games.Only care about Twitter and Twitch streamers, like whats wrong with the gaming industry today, more worried about follows and ad revenue then making a good game.A lot of hours into this game, waiting for it to come good. Has massive potential but is wasted on Daybreak. Needs alot more work, future directing is looking really bad too, so most hope if not all for this game is gone."
,Not Recommended,295110,35170532,Posted: 23 September,all,★Briggzy★ #BringBackZ1,"Rip H1Z1, Bring Back Z1. Developers stop being dumb and listen to the players, no one likes TrashWater Canyon"
76561198023362825,Not Recommended,295110,35192299,Posted: 24 September,all,Flame,"Honestly, I loved H1Z1 when it originally came out. The survival aspect in my opinion had so much potential but was shut down by the greed for money over playerbase like usual. Honestly, they ♥♥♥♥ed both their games up just by ignoring ""Just Survive"" and attempting to make their game into an Esport"
,Not Recommended,295110,18893072,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Embrace,Just no.
76561198072989971,Not Recommended,295110,18893234,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,forest,NO NO JUST NO HORRIBLE GAME
,Not Recommended,295110,18886260,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Rav,"WARNING!!!!Bait and switch, money grab!!!!I've never posted, I've never done a review... Until now...Daybreak has totally changed the game they advertised. It was sold as a zombie survival and they've completly changed it to a Battle Royal pvp matchs... The only real things added in MONTHS were done for BR, NOT Survival.... Example... the new hospital... It was added for BR, designed for BR... but yes they added it to the survival servers as well...HAckers, hackers and more hackers... its non stop...No real communication from staff...MY question is...They have changed everything, they treat customers like garbage and this IF the even talk to you. Sold me a car, gave me a tricycle.. And al the while, ""its alpha, expect changes, etc etc."" But when is the ""Changes"" TO much, false advertising? When does Steam step in an protect its customers from this?There are sooooo many players that have left, feel ripped off, screaming for a class action law suit... But shouldnt Steam be coming in and going ""ok wait a minute Daybreak"" this isnt a alpha thing any more, your ripping off people"" and remove this pile of junk."
,Not Recommended,295110,34941478,Posted: 13 September,all,Drakarys,"Used to be good-ish, now it's absolutely rubbish. Wish I could refund it."
76561198037463281,Not Recommended,295110,34741975,Posted: 4 September,all,LizardKing,it's just generally boring.
76561198124975724,Not Recommended,295110,35041927,Posted: 18 September,all,CTRLALT,"i bought this game jsut before the new update thinking im going to have fun with this game and enjoy it with my friends...BUT THEN THEY UPDATED THE GAME REPLACING THE GOOD MAP WITH A MUCH ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ BORING MAP. THE REASON AS TO WHY ITS BORING IS BECAUSE IT IS BASICLY A DESERT THERE ARE NO TOWNS THE ONLY THINGS CLOSE TO A TOWN IS A GAS STATION NEXT TO A CAFE OR A FARM, THEY HAVE THIS REALLY COOL DAM AND I LIKE THAT ITS BIG YOU GET RARE LOOT BUT ITS A SHAME ITS THE EXACT SAME DAM FROM THE OLDER AND MUCH BETTER MAP. ANOTHER REASON IS YOU SPAWN AT A SAFE ZONE WHERE PEOPLE CAN EAISILY CAMP OUTSIDE IT AND JUST PICK YOU OFF. I WOULD HAVE REFUNDED THE GAME BECAUSE I HAD THE GAME FOR LESS THEN 2 WEEKS BUT... I PLAYED OVER 2 HOURS OF THE GAME LEAVING ME STUCK WITH THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥HOLE SHELL OF SOMETHING THAT WAS ONCE A GOOD GAME. ONE THING I DO LIKE ABOUT THE UPDATE IS THE NEW RARETY SYSTEM IT MAKE YOU FEEL GREAT WHEN YOU HAVE ALL PURPLE GEAR ON AND ALSO IS EASIER TO NAVIGATE THINGS IN THE INVENTORY. in summery the new map is not improved anything but is actually ripping things from the better map and having a total of 3 whole houses in the whole map (no joke there is only 3 houses). and this safe zone bull♥♥♥♥♥♥needs to go. how ever i do like the new rarety system. just survive was better with the H1Z1 attached so reattach that♥♥♥♥♥♥and bring back the old H1Z1. Right now i wouldnt recomend spending $20 for this gameI would rate the old ""H1Z1 just survive"" at: 8/10                           I would rate the new ""just survive"" at: 3.5/10"
76561198278493325,Not Recommended,295110,34669835,Posted: 1 September,all,AnGeRoNe,I liked the old map better why did they have to change it
76561198010939640,Not Recommended,295110,34724017,Posted: 3 September,all,Applejon,"It use to be a good game, instead of buiding and improving on what they had they went and got rid of everything??? starting from scratch again with a ♥♥♥♥♥ier game play. They make the excuse that it's because they spent their time on King of the Kill but that game to is super lacking compared to other similar games that are early access. Lazy ****S just want some quick cash. Bring back the old map please and make it better. Add more content don't just replace it! jeeze."
76561197964612519,Not Recommended,295110,35140478,Posted: 22 September,all,Matty,Well... I got this game game because friend was bored and wantesd someone to play with.  but there is nothing really to do... after like the first hour or two... even that is cutting it... pvp is ok but really not much to it either... never done review before but... this must be one least complete games ever pplayed.
,Not Recommended,295110,14951445,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,ageraRR,dont buy this you will have a bad time -you want a survivor game ?-dayz is may not be perfect but is the best on this type of game feels much more special and original
76561197970466610,Recommended,295110,14050731,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,CADBeast,"So far, I have to say that the game has been enjoyable to play. Now that the zombies actually react to your presence, things can get tense rather quickly, especially with those damnable running ones, and I'm wondering if, at some point, the devs will be making it so that zeds can bust down doors/break through windows. Heh, no more hunkering down in a house until all the undead wander to the other side of it."
76561198083189950,Not Recommended,295110,14119895,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,SeXyGuiTaRMan,"Worst Game of 2015! Do not i repeat do not buy this game unless you want to spend 2 hours trying to find your way out of the woods to get shot by some op horder with a makeshift bow. Dont listen to any of the Developers when they say ""we will be fixing loot respawn rules"" something they have no idea how to make because this game is ♥♥♥♥ed downloaded patch waited an hour and a half in a quere line to join a game that has been picked clean by horders and the only thing that respawns is ROTTEN MEAT what good is rotten meat when it hurts your health when you eat it. What kind of Developer makes a game where you have to be the first into a server to get loot and not have it respawn for others to have a chance at getting. I hope the creators of this♥♥♥♥♥♥fest choke on their own♥♥♥♥♥♥for releasing a huge steaming dump they call a zombie MMO. This game should be called Empty Cabinet MMO/♥♥♥♥♥♥ OP KOS MMO. If any of the devs read this find a new career because ive seen 13 yr olds make better games! PS GO ♥♥♥♥ YOURSELFS FOR LYING TO THE GAMING COMMUNITY about this ""GAME"" not being PAY TO WIN."
,Not Recommended,295110,21538593,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Ornie,STAY AWAY OF THIS MOTHER♥♥♥♥ING DEVS I KNEW IT FROM START AND NOW I CRY MAH MONEY
,Not Recommended,295110,18910491,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,I'm being carried,"Content is very limited.    Dayz mod on either Arma2 or Arma3, Rust or Ark all have far more things and look much better.   Save your money.   I played for just over the two hours otherwise I would have refunded my copy :("
76561198021394295,Not Recommended,295110,19303545,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,FreshGameLive,Lixo
,Recommended,295110,14583846,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,TurtleNadz,"I really enjoy playing this game with my friends, I'm constantly playing Battle Royale because I can simply parachute in and pick an assault rifle up and kick some♥♥♥♥♥ or if I feel like investing time into I can choose a server. People have been complaining that the game is pay to win but the crates have barely anything good in them and aren't even worth buying. I bought the $40 package which I regret because I don't feel like I'm getting my money's worth but this game is worth the $20 if you'd like to buy into the beta but they're constantly putting out updates for this game and are creating an insanely well made game. It's coming along well and when it goes F2P I'm sure it'll be breath taking."
,Not Recommended,295110,14009610,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,JoJo,They promised so much and what do we get?Free 2 Play ?Costs 20$. I realize that it's an early alpha but do such a big company really need the 20$ support?Not Pay2Win?Airdrop contains weapons and spawns right above the player who bought it. Even though only cosmetic stuff and recipes were promised.-Can't even play-Almost no EU server and even they have a high ping-Not even able to sort the server list-No character overview-Just a big ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t game
76561198043848658,Not Recommended,295110,18760672,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Rommie,"Survival is filled with bases everywhere. Bases make the game much more safe, and therefore less interesting for a survival game.BR is too arcade-y when compared to its ARMA counterpart.Lackluster weapons. Wannabe dress-up game."
76561197978656420,Not Recommended,295110,14010157,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,FatherNed,"CURRENTLY: Servers are still f%&£ked, about 50 to 1 US to EU servers, over an hour que to play.THE WORRYING PART: Sony went back on a promise the minute the game was released, and made this game P2W ('airdrops' with weapons, food etc) when they SPECIFICALLY said they would not. This makes me worry about the other promises made and their attitude towards lying to their players.GAME: 2/10DEVELOPERS (Sony): 0/10"
,Not Recommended,295110,14009621,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Solaire,"DO NOT BUY THIS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!there is a waiting que for the servers i waited over an hour and after that hour it was finaly my turn to get on the server then all of a sudden the game closed, went to load it back up, clicked on the same server i was back in the que which was over an hour waiting again! and also you have to buy tickets to play battle royale and that so personally waste of money.  cant even play the game unless you want to wait hours to get into a server, if i could get my money back i would and just wait for it to become free to play."
,Not Recommended,295110,19117524,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Airgaming17,"Becuse i got banned and i dident even cheat and i dident even got a kill on the game played it 1 time and got banned permantly...dont buy this game is crap....Sucker Community Sucker staff the game is horibble..........I got banned for nothing ............................................................... i wasted my cash instead buying a real game what i actuly can play, waste of money please stop selling this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ game... Many Bugs too And KidsUn Serious GameDONT BUY IT !!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,295110,14227765,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Cletus T. Bueford,"Zombie Survival? If you’re anything like me when it comes to the thought of a potential chance of the earth being infested by zombies and we have to spend our every waking moment on the run trying to survive against the elements. Well I do I am a fan boy for the unknown when it comes to zombies, I enjoy the thought of our life being flipped upside down and all we have is a pack of bandages and a flashlight and we have to band together as brothers and sisters to defeat the rush of infected humans turned zombie. Day 1: This week I got my hands on the Alpha release of H1Z1, first look oh my goodness. On our first night a group of 4 of us band together to pick twigs and berries and find anything and everything we could to help us kill a zombie and make sure we don’t DIE… After a night even after glitches, hackers and bugs we had an immense amount of fun trying to stick together maneuver the map and find other civilians. Day 2: I was 35 craft recipes in and 24 hours without sleep and streaming round the clock onwww.twich.tv/thezombiepit. We took over an island on Ruby Lake and began building a massive fortress with enough supplies to fight off a horde of zombies and along the way we met a group of what I would consider the coolest group of online players from across the world to band together and take over the land. As time progressed our size grew to 13 players all combined our efforts to build the fortress and stock up on supplies. Day 3: I am now he rightful owner of almost every recipe in the game, again besides the fact we have dealt with bugs, glitches and angry trolls or crew has lost a few lives and we always seem to get them back on their feet. Tonight was my 36th hour straight of playing H1Z1 and Streaming it live for the world to see. I have met an additional 4 more players bringing my count to 17 players apart of our ever rotating crew of survivors, I am no longer eating berries nor am I drinking sick dirty water but I am eating bear steaks, deer meat sandwiches and drinking that sweet nectar of the gods blackberry Juice. We are living like kings and have the force to protect it; we are taking round the clock trips to the major cities to fill up on supplies and making sure our team has everything we need to stay on top. So far after my first look at H1Z1 I feel for any survival enthusiast his game is worth the time and money to be a part of I am sure the outcome will not be the same for everyone but I feel it has the potential to give you the opportunity to create a survival story for you and your friends. My Last word I do have to add one thing “Air Drops” Until they figure out a better way to implement them I feel it is a broken way to spend 5 dollars, my example of why, a young lady in our group from Europe was having a blast when she realized with her 39.99 purchase she had three Air Drops so we got a group together and she got so excited and called it in… First issue everyone can hear and see it for miles, second issue it takes an hour to come down (not really but it feels like it) third issue by the time it reaches the ground every player for miles was there waiting for it. She was crushed that she just spent 5 dollars to supply the server with free gifts. So main thing is if you pay 5 dollars especially on the PVE servers you should get a chance to look first in the crate. Thanks everyone for taking the time to listen to my first look at H1Z1, if you decide to pick it up we are on Disturbance and always willing to take on more survivors to join our crew. Puregenius"
,Recommended,295110,14086756,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Wolfman-RIP,"H1Z1 is without a doubt the most feature complete zombie survival mmo on steam. I have been a big fan of dayz, 7 days to die and rust and sank hours in all three games. All of which have their great points but I have to say H1Z1 has been the most fun so far.Despite the login servers going down on day one due to over 40,000 people trying to log in all at once, a misunderstanding caused by certain people quoting out of context one of the H1Z1 developers on his livestream and the bugged airdrop events that were ALWAYS intended to be a competitive event for free players to take part in H1Z1's launch has been a blast as the SOE developers have fixed all them issues extremely quickly. Regardless of the other negative reviews here you see claiming pay2win there is no pay2win in this game. You can only pay for cosmetics and event tickets which start a event for EVERYONE on that server to take part in. Free players can find battle royal and airdrop event tickets in the game world. The best loot isn't in events though, thats found just by looting houses.H1Z1 has:ZERO pay2win mechanics. It's all cosmetics and competitive eventsCraftingBase buildingvehiclesworking zombies with great AIboth PvE PVP and Hardcare servershunting & TrappingRfles, Ar's, land mines , shotgunsBBQ'sfarmingThe H1Z1 developers have bent over backwards to patch every issue players have brought up and made airdrops a extremely competitive in game event. They listen to the community and try to make everyone happy. Patches are happening twice a day and every day H1Z1 gets better. I recommend this game as the best zombie survival game on steam even at this early stage.Note: Why H1Z1 and Airdrops are not Pay2Win.http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=pay-to-winpay-to-winGames that let you buy better gear or allow you to make better items then everyone else at a faster rate and then makes the game largely unbalanced even for people who have skill in the game without paying.Why airdrops are not pay2win?1. They are a PVP event2. The guns and ammo in airdrops are WORSE then what you can find in the game world3. There is only a 10% chance of getting a pistol/shotgun from wining the airdrop PVP event4. Everyone from pay2play players and free2play players can take part in and win a airdrop PVP event5. Airdrop event tickets can be found in the game world just by looting containers6. Pay2play players have no advantage over free2play players"
76561197972106081,Not Recommended,295110,14006142,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,SMaSH,HULK SMASH GAME FOR NOT WORKING
76561198122835452,Not Recommended,295110,14006098,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,JBackle,"After being enlightened by reddit, I have decided to try and refund this game. They promised cosmetic only airdrops and yet there was a streamer who most likely bought the premium pack (which has 3 airdrop tickets) and recieves everything except cosmetic items. He gained weapons, ammo, health packs, backpacks, ect. just from paying the extra 20$. I'm very dissapointed in how SOE lied on how they would make this game. Hopefully I can save you your 20 dollars. If anything, I would recommend to wait until its free, which may take more than a year or two. But I'd rather wait than going into a game where I'm more afraid of cash whales than hackers."
76561197999613462,Not Recommended,295110,14003486,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,voyd2000,"Does not work, No place from dev team telling me what is going on, Sure are able to take me money fast.  Maybe get to play tomorow."
76561198002609404,Not Recommended,295110,14006146,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,whisp3r,judging by how bad the technical issues are that are alot of people playing tells me everything i need to know about this game
76561198011580715,Recommended,295110,14366994,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Taz✘,kill or be killed
,Not Recommended,295110,14003567,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Mortem,"Well Currently The game don't work. I bought it and well.. You can't connect. You just keep getting Errors. Possibly to a high traffic of players trying to logg in at the same time which i find funny as it was obvius this would happen. I guess This is some kind of stress test or well dont know. But don't buy the game untile You can actually player it. This♥♥♥♥♥♥hit the top seller in less then 30 min. Since it's launch. And it dont work. expected... YES.. Acceptable? NO!!!!... But Hopefully it be fixed shortly. For now.. I do not Recommend this game. Note to change when i actually can play the ♥♥♥♥ing game.Edited: 2015-04-06Now the game have had some development. Allot of things have improved but i still can't say i recommend this over Dayz. Even how big a fanboy I am with the new update to dayz fixing persistence. And actually making there zombies dangerus. Yes.. Finally a game where the zombies are dangerus enough so they become an almost equal threat as the players.Now back to H1Z1.. It ain't the worse game.. Sure is better then Warz and many other survival titles out there. And I can't say it's pay to win as you only pay for cosmetics. Sure you can call in airdrops for tickets. but unless you plan it out your just gona have it stolen from you.. So it as little pay to win about it as it can be and they can't call them in unless a certain amount of people is in..  Now let's start talking about the good and bad things.Good:Big world - I like that the world is quite big so much to explore.Building base - Your able to make quite good bases.Rare weapons - Firearms are quite rare as it stand.. Ammo even wrose.Optimized - Ok this is perhaps just for me but i feel that the synch is decent as bullet lands where they suppose to when you fire and people die when they are hit.Im not gonna jam out every good thing but theres a few..Bad:Zombies - are a joke.. Worse then early dayz. they dont see 10m ahead of them and are slow as ♥♥♥♥ and have horrible hitboxes.PVP - Melee weapons are completly worthless to pvp with as you can jabb a guy with a machete in his face for 6 times without any major effect. And guns win every battle.. Just a 1911 colt can kill a guy in 2 shots. So people with guns win 9/10 against melee which is logical yes but if i sneaked up to a guy and landed 4 hits on him before he turns around and kills me with 2 shots i call ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. In dayz its just 1 good hit to the head or upper body to kill them/knock them out.Loot - Loot spawn so wierd and unlogical.. sure its 100% random but i find guns in houses and milk packages in military trucks.  I mean comon?Airdrops - just that i dont call them  P2W doesn't mean i like them. I want them gone if possible.Slot system - Its horrible to maintain. you can stand for 10 min just sorting out your god damm inventory. and having to do it over and over everytime you wish to pick♥♥♥♥♥♥up.. Ain't fun. I know you cant fit 10 cans in 1 par of pants but comon I can hardly fit one.Cars/transport - Rare and a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to fix. Kinda dont even see why they exist.I currently wont' recommend the game but I still hope it will become great. I know i refere to dayz allot but Its the first to me and anything not performing better then it ain't worth the time.Edited: 2015-09-28:Allot of improvement.. Still not there yet.. I dont feel like im in a zombie apocalypse.. I feel like im in a social colony experiment where they study if we kill eachother or not when left alone long enough.. Most problems have been solved.. Battle royal is actually really really fun.. I still won't recommend this game as it's as all other zombie open world survival game fails at the point of the entire game. Survival.Since when did survival be a grind gather materials fest? This is not sandbox.. It's survival.I say.. Take the last of us.. Add in hunger and thirst.. Keep the one shot clickers and bloaters and other enemy's.. Make it open world with scavenging and the abillity to make clans and settelemnts togheter..That's it.. That would kill and kick out. Dayz, H1Z1, 7 days to die and all other Open world survival games. Anyone saying otherwise based on that It's a singleplayer.. Sure SUreThe last of us making it online multiplayer open world means you have to remove allot of elements.. But the key factor of enemys that one shot you.. Keep you on edgh.. Bullets hard to find.. You lucky with 1 mag.. And focusing allot on melee instead and timing your attacks.. Would in my opinon sell and generaly be a better game about survival. So many games out there.. Specificaly early access that fail at the general idea of survival and turn everything in to minecraft with zombies.. Oww Minecraft have zombies already.. Hum hum..1. Make the enemy of the game. Zombies, Mutants, Whatever.. Scary, Dangerus. And riskful to take on even with ammo. And you dont have to make them op.. Do what last of us did.. 1 shot mechanic if they reach you but they die from 1 shot meaning your aim got to be spot on..2. Make the world dangerus.. Traps to be placed out by players, Settlements to be raided. And no building your own ♥♥♥♥ing houses out of rock and stone. or wood.. Just have the world from the last of us.. A open world city where many places are flodded or overgrown.. So you then have to pick specific locations and make them safe. .Then keep them safe.. Limited areas so bigger groups will fight over them. Having the militery maybe control one larger Safe zone somewhere i dont know.. Use your imagination.3. Weapons, Focuse more on melee. In the apocalyps.. Its not cod.. We wont have M4 with 4 drum mags.. Why the ♥♥♥♥? We got maybe a shotgun or rifle or revolver with 1 mag.. Sure always someone that will hoard.. Thats fine.. Whats not fine if everything being way to comon.. Also guns doesn't mean insta win.. Do what last of us did.. Shivs in the neck.. Bats in the back of the head.. Workd as good as a gun shot to the head.. Making stealth and melee a good choice for both monsters and players.. Instead of this run and gun machingun fest..4. Crafting.. GUNS CANT BE CRAFTED!! You know how much ♥♥♥♥ing precision that takes? unless were talking a 1 shot slug pipe gun from mad max i wont see it happening.. Same with ammo.. If anyone can craft ammo.. Then whats the point?5. Last is background.. letting people start with a random background and random start of loot and skills based on what they did before.. Project zomboid does this good..Make this happen and i pay 100$ for just 1 CD of it.. I buy collectors and  toys and praise it at my shrine in my garage i testament to it.. As im so ♥♥♥♥ing tired of all the cash and grab zombie fest all just stealing off the hype..Edite 2017-02-06:NOPE:. IM done with this..First of all. I like the game to an extent. Its not the worse or even a bad survival game. But theres to much♥♥♥♥♥♥going on now that I can't take anymore.1. You can't sell the items no longer on steam market and your pushed to there own website. More or less they are saying. We want all the profit and ♥♥♥♥ steam. ( I presume. )2. Splitting up Survival and Hunger game mode to 2 diffrent seperate games. Sure it helps performance, But it splits up the communitues. Also survival seems to be the dying one. In King of the hill I can find matches quick. but finding a high pop server in survival Seems much harder.3. It encourage you to play on LOWEST♥♥♥♥♥♥SETTING!! Why? Cause then things dont render.. What does that mean? Oww only that you can see people through grass, trees, Bushes,, Stones, Solid walls. Houses.. Sometimes even through all of them at the same time. Playing on high setting is a stupid idea currently. This game has been out for a long time now. And this was problem on day 1. Now years later. Still a problem. WTF!!?4. Community is cancer, Raided when offline, 10 year old screaming ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥♥ while teabagging you. And People with guns and groups with guns hunting unarmed people. ♥♥♥♥ THIS"
,Not Recommended,295110,14005619,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Silveredy,I bought this peace of♥♥♥♥♥♥ but today noting work...
,Not Recommended,295110,21298033,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Sasuke Uchiha666,Eat a fat one Daybreak
76561198027150097,Recommended,295110,14082685,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Klump,"If you enjoy pvp with  persistence, this is the game for you."
,Not Recommended,295110,15445425,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,>G3NiUS<,"Well after 116hrs of game play I believe I am ready to review this game.I won't waste your time so I will cut straight to the chase.Great environment, fun to play and really engages you.But, all of that is for nothing as the dev team could not care less about your problems and when you have a problem and you email or post on their forums you will be lucky to get a response and if you do it is a sarcastic one that contains no compassion or understanding.They are not interested in dealing with the big problems which is the ever growing community of hackers/cheaters/expoliters, this completely ruins the game.Do not be fooled by the awards they have supposedly won because they would not even get the 'Best and Fairest' award in my book due to how they don't even care about the problems you encounter in the game - which are quite numerous to be plain.They are inteterested in taking your money but have no interest in supporting those who finacially support them!Buy this game at your own risk, but I would suggest supporting other game developers who care about those who finacially support them. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME."
76561198009314992,Not Recommended,295110,21748657,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Rockh3,-1/10
76561198060929131,Not Recommended,295110,34299536,Posted: 16 August,all,RAB,":( I dont know what else to say we have been asking for a bigger map forever and your only releasing a piece ""Day break everything"" (they break everything) JUST GIVE UP PLEASE!! LOVED THIS GAME AND WANT TO LOVE IT AGAIN BUT IT IS GOING THE WRONG WAY DAY BREAK LET IT DIE WITH ITS FORMER GLORY."
,Not Recommended,295110,21312478,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,MicroPowerpoint,"""Hey billy you know what's a good idea?""""what?""""Split this $20 game with micro transatctions into two seperate games, both costing $20 each and micro transactions!""""Bloody genius"""
,Not Recommended,295110,21288311,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,coco and co.,This game is the reason I don't buy early access games anymore. I bought this the week it was released on Steam and we the customers have received nothing we were promised.
,Not Recommended,295110,21615271,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Distracted,This game is pretty rad but hackers are more common now than ever before. The only refuge from the issue is playing on pve servers which is boring. Can't recommend dropping money on this until a real solution is achieved.
76561198205853244,Not Recommended,295110,21604117,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Jesse,The game is good it works fine. But there are so many hackers. So you can't play without them. If I was you i should get hacks first and than the game.
76561198049432025,Not Recommended,295110,18104663,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,LeQun,i can logg inn butt i can't see my friends in steam
76561197999386036,Not Recommended,295110,19284995,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Uk_Morpheus,"Far to many hackers and people just kill on sight, There is a report player when u die but as always they dont do anything about it,  Games not  worth the money, KEEP YOUR CASH AND BUY A BETTER GAME!!!"
,Not Recommended,295110,21360378,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,BlaZeToXiiC,Here are some of the things i think about this complete♥♥♥♥♥♥1.This game is completly empty with nothing much to do at all it gets boring after a few hours of playing as there is barely any gameplay or player interaction.2.The game is basically 85% microtransactions and 15%♥♥♥♥♥♥gameplay3.The only way you can have any fun is if you roll around in a group of 6 people killing every other player they see4.The game is complete ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥with every feature about it being extremly bland and boringDont buy this game it is terrible you can spend the money you were going to buy this with on H1 KoTK or DayZ 2 games that are far better than this garbage
,Not Recommended,295110,21068981,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Level1noob,♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,295110,14965769,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Graves,"Was fun to play up until the last patch (3-19-15). Now it's 99% unplayable. Hope they fix it soon. As for now I can only say save your money and wait till it's free if this is how it is going to be.I would like to add that I have not played in weeks due to the cheating and inabilty to play like designed. Log on 8-29-15, at leasat attempted to, and get the G32 error. Apparently my account does not work anymore.$20 wasted on a game that has not once lived up to the hype."
76561198029416955,Not Recommended,295110,14966793,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Donionrings,"Honestly this game is great....well it was but now its nothing but crashes. It has been crashing for over a month now for me and a lot of the community and Devs have yet to even respond to me about looking into the bug. Whenever i am near someone that dies it crashes. The game ran at 55fps for me and the crashes started when they did the last server wipe. Now with this new update its litereally crashing every 2 minutes. As i sit here writing this im in TS with a friend who has a built desktop and is crashing nonstop. Devs constantly ignore emails and only post about adding things in the game, Its pretty sad that they are basically like ""ehhh everyone is not having the problem so we will just ignore it."" As everyone else in this game i paid money to play this game Alpha or not. People that are having the same problems as me as do I all understand bugs in alpha and we do not care but when its crashing constantly and literally making the game unplayable then its a problem. I would atleast like a email letting me know that they are atleast looking into it or a refund. I was stuck playing PVE for the last month and now with constant crashes I basically paid $20 for a desktop icon.......Now im not going to even talk about the hackers."
,Not Recommended,295110,14968778,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Herl,Pay $20 for Early Access: Game Sucks.Dev Introduce Battle Royals: HAVE SUPER FUNDev Make Us Pay For Battle Royals: Sell OutWhen Game Releases:FREE...WTF♥♥♥♥ the people who support you.
,Not Recommended,295110,14972693,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,deeps,Money grabbing excuse of a early access title not only charging for beta but also charging subscription for BR game mode and cosmetics. Mediocre survival game at best with buggy mechanics and a unheard of amount of hackers. Avoid this game like the h1z1 virus unless they plan on making changes anytime soon.
,Not Recommended,295110,14968352,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,soggyburrito,"$20 for early access to an unfinished free-to-play game, which already has plenty of microtransactions, makes very little sense to me.Update 2016:  Pretty much a scam."
76561198032006823,Not Recommended,295110,14969057,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Granger,"Reviews are unrelieable information in an alpha game but most of the shooting done in first and third person is incredibly ♥♥♥♥ing awkward. Recoil on the ar-15 is incredibly annoying, the shotgun shoots potatos and the sniper is actually a bb shooter with the smallest scope I have ever seen. The map is huge and the scope needs to be changeable. As someone runs away from you farther they are more black and stick figurish they become making spotting people from not to far away impossible. Most of Battle Royal is camping as it should be and hoping you guessed where the gas will not be. Basic survivor is fun but trashed with pre made groups. Hard to find ammo for a gun and start getting action in. At this state of the game do not invest because everything you love about it will change and if you hate the game you may hate it more."
,Not Recommended,295110,14973420,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,samseed101,"It had potential, but right now they are using it as a HUGE money-grab. First you pay $20 or more for the initial game. And now they want you to pay a monthly subscription to play in the Battle Royal portion of the game. A monthly subscription on top of an initial purchase fee in order to APLHA TEST a game? No thank you. Especially when it's riddled with hackers / cheaters and major bugs.For $20, yeah you could get some enjoyment out of the game, as long as you don't mind losing all of your belongings to cheaters, bugs, and player wipes on a very regular basis. But to pay a monthly subscription on top of that for a product that may never actually see Beta (or a Final Version for that matter?) No thank you."
76561198097265235,Not Recommended,295110,14973840,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Alectrin,"While I understand the game is still in alpha, the game is jam packed with so many bugs and hackers that I just have to uninstall it. The final straw came recently when the dev's decided it was a better use of their time to find a way to monitize their broken game before they even stop hackers from exploiting it. 0/10, Don't waste your money."
76561198128377526,Not Recommended,295110,14797631,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Xtra,I once took a really moisty green dump. It still managed to look better than this.
,Not Recommended,295110,14969585,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Null,"Don't waste your time on this ""game."" I am not even going to waste my time going in to detail, just look at the other posts. Still waiting for someone to take the zombie/horror throne.Monthly sub free 2 play cash shop item drop, RIP."
76561198003474084,Not Recommended,295110,18889771,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Draver,I was a huge defender of this game. the survival aspect that was advertised to me looked awesome and it was at first. my problem now is that its basically being thrown out the window for the BR mode.. i would have no problem with the game if it was advertised this way but unfortunately it was not..early access is nothing more than a loophole for game companies to allow them to release an unfinished product and profit without any reprocussions.. i dont see the survival aspect of this game growing in the near future (which was the main reason i started playing this game)if you're all about playing Battle Royale then this games for you (god willing you're a fan of putting up with another dishonest game company) if you're all about survival you should possibly look somewhere else.. Daybreak has shifted its focus completely and put survival mode on the backburner
,Not Recommended,295110,18892044,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,thegooorooo,"Another abandoned game with massive potential ruined by a bunch of Devs that are controlled by their investment firm bosses. Game is on a downward spiral out of control and will eventually come to a crashing halt. I do hope the game turns around but with the current rate of developement, well dont count on it. Id save my $20 bucks and go buy myself a pizza instead, You will get more enjoyment out of the pizza, that is a garuntee!"
76561198042057916,Not Recommended,295110,18892671,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,#Rump,"A game that sold itself as zombie survival but has increasingly become a Battle Royale game with a buggy survival mini game attached. Since 'Dey Break Games' was created the focus has shifted even further. As someone who doesn't really play BR much I'll be aiming this at those interested in the survival mode.Since launch there has been some great progress which seems to be slowing (in some cases moving backwards). The roadmap at one point was a reliable source of information but has become a trolling device the devs use. Updates are still fairly regular but consist mainly of cosmetic store items, each patch seems to bring back major bugs from previous patches that had been fixed. Content patches are less regular and add one day's worth of excitement to the game,If you are a streamer that wants to circle jerk in BRs with Devs then this is the game for you. If you are a regular joe looking for a zombie survival game I would wait until release or at least until they hire staff that are capable of creating non-game-breaking content. The bulk of the 500+ hours I racked up in the game were within the first few months of release, I rarely log in now except to check on the hacker situation (last check still appalling) or to check out the dull and tiny new areas they add to the map.I love the mood and setting of the H1Z1, there is still so much potential there for a truely great zombie survival game but I have lost all faith in that ever being realised.My dog just walked into my room and farted. I think he was expressing his opinion on H1Z1 and I agree. It is a gaseous, vile smelling cloud of♥♥♥♥♥♥particles that makes you gag."
76561198035039110,Not Recommended,295110,18892584,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Pak,I bought this game for the survival mode and the company is no longer focusing on that element. Much worse though is the lack of controls to deal with hackers/cheaters. Save your money.
76561198077169913,Not Recommended,295110,18892979,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,fusionet24,"Terrible company, terrible game."
,Not Recommended,295110,34267760,Posted: 15 August,all,GOLDEN GRAHAMS,Over 2k hours on this game on other accounts and they have offically ♥♥♥♥ed it. Updates live servers with part of a map how patheticGood bye Z1 i loved you from day 1 but your gone and this games dead asf lattaaaaa ♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,295110,34872359,Posted: 10 September,all,ʎʌɐǝԀ,"Just put z1 back. 1,956 hours wasted. ♥♥♥♥ all this new stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥we dont want it"
,Not Recommended,295110,34907673,Posted: 12 September,all,BlackMan,"4k hours in this game... Was an amazing game. Then h1Michael (dev) came in and ruined everything.They will have to shut down JS soon anyways.Devs won't listen to the community, they ruined there gameCaps at 1.4k players and only dropping.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!!!!!They will be shutting it down soon"
76561198027142382,Not Recommended,295110,24702917,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,NucleoN,This game is horribly optimized and is pretty much full of hackers.
76561198197384905,Not Recommended,295110,34908314,Posted: 12 September,all,NattyLightRob,"Enjoyed the game when It fiirst dropped, now It's riddled with hackers and garbage updates. Daybreak flys out ""streamers"" to test and give feedback on updates they release, and these ""streamers"" dont give one bit of critisism. A COMPLETE waste of money. they have had years to fix this garbage game and they still continue to mess it up. Unbelievable, would NOT reccomend!"
,Not Recommended,295110,18901189,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,JimmyOmaha,Nothing has changed since the launch at the beginging of 2015.  Can not recommend.
,Not Recommended,295110,18899219,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,rez9,This game become not a survival game its only Battle Royale mode and updates for it. Anti-Cheater that fail and ban random people and still alot of cheaters in the game. Full of bugs and glitchs that they never fix just updates dor BR mode and Skins for steam market. my advice DONT BUY THIS GAME DONT BUY THIS GAME DONT BUY THIS GAME.
,Not Recommended,295110,18901862,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,123,This game is no longer a survival game and now more battle royale with zombies
,Not Recommended,295110,18901898,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,TxMx,"This game has had it's ups and downs. This game is about done for... It has been way too long with far too little improvements made.I bought this game for the Survival PVP Zombie Apocolypse experience. The Devs are now pusing this game for a First Person Shooter and placing the Survival portion on the back burner.There are issues that have gone several months without being fixed. They keep breaking the game, fixing it, and then breaking the same exact stuff again. It's rediculous how they keep releasing the same issues over and over.At this point I spend my money and time on a promise of a better game and a well maintained community. So far the Devs have trashed on their opportunity to create something big.This game is not worth buying anymore. It was back when it was Sony Online Entertainment but now that it is Daybreak Games it has fallen hard and you WILL regret buying this.There are many more games available now that have raised the bar for Zombie Survival type games. Better games are about to be released, spend your money on something worth it."
76561197965349358,Not Recommended,295110,18901405,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Damager56,"The updates are non-existent.If you are looking for an interesting and evolving survival game that also allows you to build creative structures, this is not the game for you.This game is statis and looks like it will remain unfinished, so please do yourself a favor and keep your money."
,Not Recommended,295110,18896519,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Octopus.,"If you're looking for a survival game look elsewhere. Battle Royale is fun but gets stale quite quickly and only translates to a cash grab. This game has been in ""Early Alpha"" for almost a year with no real sign of fixing major problems. Despite being a buggy alpha this game managed to hold an invitational, but only invited streamers because there's no actual way to gauge level of play due to the leader boards not working. On top of that, they want to add a new mode which they are asking customers to pay for before they fix any bugs or implement any survival content that they've been promising for ages. Don't buy this."
76561198013839635,Not Recommended,295110,18899559,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Ser Emperor Ephant Mon The Great,.
,Not Recommended,295110,18900490,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,TorbjornFalk,"This is less of a survival and more of an action shooter all about BR and microtransaction skins.Survival is lackluster in terms of content and optimal settings, there is no real survival just annoying fast thirst and hunger.Also it's an alpha for sale and it is full of hackers so when it goes F2P it will be all but impossible to play."
76561198119518087,Not Recommended,295110,35324293,Posted: 29 September,all,-✟Venz✟-,ive played this game since day 1 i loved this game but you new devs and♥♥♥♥♥♥the new map is♥♥♥♥♥♥you broke the game bring Z1 back
,Not Recommended,295110,35232418,Posted: 26 September,all,Mike Cole,"Third time they changed the name, back when Sony was working on this game it was actually looking pretty good. However, sony sold the company off. This is NOT the game I paid for in hopes of a great survival game, this game is just pure♥♥♥♥♥♥now. Don't waste your money."
,Not Recommended,295110,34744529,Posted: 4 September,all,DeadEyeDraw,"I don't remember buying or downloading this game, but apparently at some point I played it for 86 minutes? I'm confused. I guess it's just nor memorable."
76561198136154393,Not Recommended,295110,34744581,Posted: 4 September,all,MyAccounrt,Wtf Why did they change everything this game use to be fun i cant tell if the Creators of this game are disabled or something but they made this game suck it dosent even feel like a Survival game...
76561198015715814,Not Recommended,295110,34754456,Posted: 5 September,all,Heisenberg,"Early Access....hmmmm. reminds me of how Sony (DBG) rinced me of £1500 i spent playing PSHome, they knew the game was going down hill 2 years before they shut it down yet they still let people spend there hard earned cash on items they would eventually not own.DBG (SONY) Is at it again with JUST SURVIVE!They are adding more and more skins for you to buy quicker than you can say ""wtf am i buying skins for, they do nothing to help me in game""  Yet peer pressure makes us buy this crap!  And DBG are loving it.If they fixed the game....HACKERS,BOOSTERS,STREAMERS AND TWITCHERS WITH THE POWER TO BAN PLAYERS....WTF,  As fast as they sell skins, this would destroy PUB!!!But instead they will rince you of all your money,keep the game in early access,ignore what he ""normal"" player wants, and bow down to the big streamers because they make so much cash from them, and eventually close JUST SURVIVE down without a care for all the hours/cash we (the people that made this game) have given.My advice.....get out now, do not spend anymore cash on skins or all the other♥♥♥♥♥♥that does absolutely nothing but make you look like a sheep(follower) and spend your time more wisely.Leave this broken,unplayeable mess to the streamers and hackers.  They deserve it :)"
76561198040220677,Not Recommended,295110,34746453,Posted: 4 September,all,InsertNameHere,Way to much lag and just bad game not fun.
76561197993331980,Not Recommended,295110,14299772,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,The_Final_Horseman,"Don't believe the hype.Honestly, this is my first foray into the world of a zombie survival horror MMO and I have to say it's pretty disappointing.   This is a game that is honestly better left to people that have a group and as such it's really just not worth it as a solo player. This is your typical John Wayne shootout open world PVP where everyone and anyone that sees you is just going to fight you or in most cases if they have a gun, kill you. Your loot or lackthereof doesn't matter. Meet someone at the spawn and you will inevitably begin the circle jerk of melee combat, melee combat that feels a bit buggy and less entertaining than a game like Chivalry.I believe the reasons for this kind of KOS mentality are as follows #1 lets face it most people playing this are probably ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s and #2 there's not a reason not to do it. I mean you usually get far more loot from player corpses than you do forragging around, so why not? There's virtually no other threat to your survival other than other players, so why not?It's incredibly telling to me that this game is early ALPHA and they already have microtransactions in the game in its buggy and not even close to finished state. A micro-transaction that honestly I see as a huge balance issue and anyone that says otherwise is probably the one using and abusing this system.  Airdrops are called in frequently and while it IS possible to go and gank a loot drop, about 8/10ths of the time the person who called it or the person who shows up has a gun with ammo so really this is only going to further the divide between people who have and those that don't. I've spent close to 10 hours playing the game and only found ONE usable gun in the entirety of that time and it's not comforting or reassuring that someone can spend $5.00 and have that kind of loot pretty much instantly. Not to mention it's something that COMPLETELY breaks immersion.The lack of zombies and decent zombie AI is downright shameful in my opinion. We're talking about a ZOMBIE survival horror game. Half the focus of the game should be on the threat the world is currently facing...ZOMBIES. Why am I having to go all around the map just to even find zombies in a game about surviving the ZOMBIE appocalypse? It would be one thing to have them more concentrated to towns and in some servers I've found a mediocre supply of zombies in what used to be large population hubs, but for the most part you'll find far more players than zombies. Zombies in this game are really just a minor annoyance in between fighting other players.  I can honestly say that if they were to just remove zombies completely from this game it probably would make little to no difference to the game as it stands now.Overall the game has a lot of potential but honestly its potential is far outweighed by the problems that I don't see SOE ever resolving. The only modicum of fun I ever had from this game is where I just decided it wasn't worth trying to survive and I just literally went around trolling in the game, and while that's great for a while, it just feels hollow after a few hours.  Because there's not a substantial enough threat from the environment (I.E. Zombies) PVE is useless and it results in PVP being the same KOS fest that every open world game devolves into. Players ultimately have no motivation to band together with strangers because their survival doesn't benefit largely from it. I'm not saying adding a ton of zombies or fixing the zombie A.I. would make it flawless but it would make players think a little bit more before they shoot, especially  if that player they are about to shoot could benefit them in some way that isn't a corpse to loot. The game is only bound to get worse in these regards if it's not fixed because if the people dedicated enough to pay money for this game are already doing it, imagine how it will be when the F2P crowd comes in with no attachment to the game whatsover. At this point I would just wait, the game is too broken at this juncture and if you've waited this long might as well just wait till it's free so you don't have to waste any money."
,Recommended,295110,27367359,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Drk_X,Would be such a great game if they just put the work into it that they've put into KOTK... Which was supposed to just originally be an additional 'game mode' to H1Z1..Maybe one day they will. Keep your fingers crossed that all the rumors of a massive update for JS are true.
,Recommended,295110,14048364,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,LoLo,"I don't really write reviews for early access games, but I am really enjoying myself in this game, and I kinda wanna support SOE here after all the idiots left 3k+ negative ""ermagherd pey 2 wiiiiin!!!"" reviews.Firstly, this game is NOT p2w, and the airdrops have been changed. Period. Airdrops are now good, fun and if you don't like them, go play DayZ - this game is not for you.SOE has proven themselves very well so far. Give them more time to work on the game.People who complained about p2w were the angry rabid people who were mad because they could not log into the game for a good part of the release because the servers were busted. SOE however did respond to not only the servers, the ""p2w"" BS, but also most major bugs and we have gotten 3 patches since release (aka. around 72 hours. Wow). People from EU - we are also getting 200 EU servers on tuesday, so if you didn't want to play on US servers, come back on tuesday, it's going to be better.Airdrop - a care package that costs £5 that you can drop into a server to induce a blood thirsty deathmatch. It is not p2w as they take ~5 minutes to drop, can be seen and heard from ~10km radius around the plane, anyone can pick them up, and after the nerf, they only have 10% chance to drop a civillian weapon with around 2 mags of ammo. They also have zombies, and sometimes explode on impact. This is not p2w, and it is a very fun mechanic. By the time you get to the landing zone, which you can barely control, there is already going to be 10+ people waiting for the same thing. You are paying for a server-wide deathmatch. Also 120 players need to be on the server to be able to use an airdrop, so go figure.Anyway...I had to defend SOE a little bit with this, because they are honestly doing their best and this game, for a zombie MMO, is really fun. And at the rate they are pushing out patches and addressing the game's issues, they are definitely worth the investment in my opinion.I have been enjoying myself in this game from Day 2 onwards after all the patches have been rolled out. I did some hunting, I killed zombies, I gathered resources, I did some logging, I killed players, I desperately searched for loot, I did some basebuilding, I crafted items, and I have yet to repair a vehicle to a manageable state. It is really fun, and I have been enjoying myself a lot. So here is an objective bullet list of the good and the bad.The GoodAtmospheric and very immersiveAmazing crafting and gathering systems. Simple and easy to use, but still go deep enough to be complex and fun.Gathering resources. Seriously, chopping trees, ripping clothes from zombies, gatherings sticks and berries from        bushes, jacking metal plates out of cars. It's the best out of all mutiplayer zombie games.Movement and gunplay. Goddamn did they struck the perfect balance. Actual movement and doing things in the game feels smooth and isn't clunky unlike a certain other popular zombie game out right now. Guns all feel good, sound good and the combat is just an enjoyable experience overall. This is huge in a game like this. 1-hit kill headshots, anyone?You can make so many things in the game it's insane.The monetization model is fair and if you like things like gambling with opening chests or using the airdrops, then this is for you. The f2p monetization model makes the game feel more persistent like an MMO (account wide item skins and event tickets) and there are aspects of the game that are unique to the f2p model. I like it, a change of pace from the usual zombie games.Hunting is very prominent in the game, andSurvival aspects are also very prominent in the game. You seriously have to maintain your status and resources, and the game gives you a variety of ways to do it.Nice basebuilding system.VehiclesMultiple game modes - PvP, PvE, Hardcore, Battle RoyaleBest flora and fauna in all zombie games. End of. Forest actually feel lush and expansive, there is a decent number of animals in the game, and the game looks nice..Brilliant sound design. Sound effects, surround sound, reverb, ambience - best I've seen in a looooooooong while. Everything sounds nice and crisp.NPC's have different behaviours, and zombies are 1000x better than other zombie survivals.F2P at launch, so you can decide then for yourself.The BadAlpha. A lot of things not finished, not final, bugged or not working. Buy at your own risk.We still are waiting for big amounts of content - weapons, resources, clothing, food etc. The foundation is in place, but there are still a lot of things to be added.only ~10 EU servers until 20th January.Low performing servers FPS which causes things like AI or looting to slow down. This has been acknowledge and is getting fixed this week though.A lot of things lacking in polish - animations, graphics etc.We are still waiting for things like weapon attachments or armor. Not the biggest deal, but it has been acknowledged by the developers.What can I say. For an early access game, this is good. Very good, and very promising, along with the fact that it's backed up by a reliable, big developer who doesn't abandon projects.So I am eagerly waiting for new patches, and I am going to be closely following the development of this game.This review is going to be updated at the official launch of the game."
76561198084513952,Recommended,295110,14040980,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Tbirdy ツ,"Met a random player, bonded by brutally beating a deer to death with our bare hands. 10/10"
,Recommended,295110,18015515,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Tyrese the god,Meh.
,Not Recommended,295110,18968743,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Al-Baghdaddy,"Due to the (lack off) recent development progress I can't recommend this game.Don't get me wrong, it certainly is a fun game but the devs are hoarding cash with their early access crap while doing barely anything at all. It'll probably die off before the actual release because they made enough money with it anyway."
,Not Recommended,295110,20755060,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Eat ass,"Game is awfulThis game ""H1z1"" is branded as ""ZOMBIE SURVIVAL""the current state of the game is the devs ""Day Break"" only care about money and Battle royal.They dont care about the ""ORGINAL"" intent of the game""SURVIVAL"" but yet no one cares about survivalThe game its self is broken.To many glitches and hackers,Want to know how to win a Battle royal go to a main city get a fun with plenty of ammo and CLOSE A DOOR AND JUMP AND YOU WILL BE TELEPORTED TO THE TOP OF THE BULIDING.The game lobby of Battle Royal is Aids, Kids screaming and shouting down the micIn battle royal, the game is only good when near the end (top 10)The survival servers of the game is dumb, You collect stuff and then get killed by a guy who has bulit a base the size of a citySo you respawn and restart. You play all day and you finally have a some what of a base to rest in and feel at home in.You log off and quit the game to come back to tomorrow to be found that its been raided by using mines or car fuel.The game is in a awful state the devs only care about the money they make of the game. Also it was to come out for free but i dont think that will ever happen at all.The game is for casual gamers, People who are just starting to pc but still like FPS from console.This game will also be in Early access for a while i think but its not up to me if you should play or not."
,Recommended,295110,14086063,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Robyn Uttara Kuru,34 hours already dayuum. Time goes by when having fun! :D
,Not Recommended,295110,21036905,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Bigdate,splitting into 2 games and both 20 dollars? heres a bad reveiw for you. you ♥♥♥♥ed up this time daybreak.
,Not Recommended,295110,14005613,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Burnolen,"Day 1:  H1Z1 is a G99 Error SimulatorUnplayable.Not recommended at this moment.Day 2: I can enter to the game, but servers are full and must wait 1 hour in a queue to join.Game crashes very often when I try to get in queue, no options to configure anything...I have not tested yet; when I test it i will be able to recommend it.Is worth mentioning that the developers said that weapons could only get looking for them in the world, but in the airdrops and crates (that it costs real money) you can get weapons, ammo and other things. Pay to win? We'll see, let him time.I have friends who can play H1Z1; lots of bugs, crashes and queues. But if SOE fix this problems (and tons of things) and keep improving and growing this game, i have a very good feel.Day 3: Finally i could play H1Z1 for a while. Low graphics with my laptop but I can play it.Even so i can't recommend it yet.Day 4: I played H1Z1 with my friends. It wasn't very difficult to find them.The loot is null. I only found a pistol without ammo and a can of beans. You only can survive with blackberries from the forest. You starve and thirst very quikly. And other things and bugs.But these are the first days of an early-acces alpha, these things are normal at this point.When I see significal changes to the game I will change mi recomendation to thumbs up and will update this review with my experiences.Thanks for read this :PGreetingsBest video about H1Z1 early-access launch:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6tQPg1Syr1I:_D"
76561198059102102,Not Recommended,295110,17901758,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Bender Bending Rodriguez,"**new review as of 11/5/2015 following new dev posts on reddit**So the time has come for a new review, here it is: DO NOT BUY THIS GAME, it's as simple and straight forward as it gets. This game is a RIP OFF, all the promo material shows you a wonderful in depth world with working weather and survival mechanics in a world with zombies for you to explore. And it is ALL A LIE, what you get is a bug riddled COD skin with zombies that barely function because after a year in alpha, they still can't figure out how to code the zombie AI..... I'll say that again, the devs for this zombie game do not know how to code a zombie AI that works.  Dev posts are nothing but thinly veiled lies and misinformation designed to keep the survival based players buying the game long enough for them to fund development on early access sales before the game becomes the COD clone they want and becomes pay to play PER MATCH. To be clear, this is not a survival game and NEVER will be, this is a badly designed COD wannabe with meh graphics god awful animation and a list of bugs 10 times longer than the features list. Save yourself the time requesting a refund and avoid this title like the undead plague it was supposed to deliver.Original review**Most disappointing purchase I have made in years. THIS IS NOT A ZOMBIE SURVIVAL GAME. It is a COD clone on a really big map, that has  a few completely dev abandoned game modes that have some survival concepts very poorly implemented (the hunger and thirst meters do hurt you when deplete but since you can heal starvation and dehydration with a bandage that are COMPLETELY POINTLESS  oh yeah and there are some zombies that you can totally ignore because they have no AI and the game can't properly make them function half the time due to the archaic engine chosen for the game.  Also the devs have now admitted abandoning all promised enlargements and improvements to the map, all new city zones, and all point of interest additions, and are focusing exclusively on the COD clone mini game."
76561198056182059,Recommended,295110,14004279,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Callsign Templar,"Hit play and let it load, reached the great loading boss.  I spammed the space bar to win the quick time event.  It all went white.  I awoke with the boss dead at my feat.  A magical rune floated up from the corpse and the message decoded in front of me.  ""GAME ERROR G99MALFUNCTION:There is an issue connecting to the login server. The login server may be down for maintenance. Please try again a little later. Be sure to check the forums for announcements on planned server shutdowns and estimated downtimes. If there has been no notification of a server shutdown, validate your game files from the LaunchPad and make sure that H1Z1.exe, awesomiumprocess.exe and launchpad.exe are all set as exceptions in your firewall/antivirus program(s). The login server may still be shut down without notification, but running through these steps will ensure that the problem is not on your end.""  I had won the game.  ALL OF THE G99 ERRORS ARE BELONG TO US"
,Recommended,295110,14045539,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Chrome Image,"On launch, this game was pretty messed up.  The servers weren't online, there wasn't any loot, you died from hunger/thirst more than anything etc. etc... However, within two days all of these problems were fixed!  Loot is everywhere, you actually die from other people instead of the lack of food, and overall, the game is not only PLAYABLE, but EXTREMELY FUN (Except for when you hit a deer with your jeep, roll off the road, and explode... but that's just due to bad driving). I had a fantastic time playing this game with friends today and can't wait for more fun experiences."
,Recommended,295110,14071005,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,SlyFoxC,First time every playing:-Spawn In-Find 80 rabbit traps by a gas station-Loot Meat-Get attacked by a guy with a bow-Run away-Chase begins-Start attacking with a stick-Bow Man starts running-Chase begins again-I kill him with a stick10/10
,Not Recommended,295110,20167967,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,BigJo Bear,"Worst game ever played. Spent $30 on it and i got ripped off. The graphics were♥♥♥♥♥♥Rust was even better and that is saying a lot. The servers for Aussie players were no existant. Everything is♥♥♥♥♥♥.. Give me back my MONEY... and dont get me started on the hackers... DONT BUY IT, if you want to buy it just put ur money in the toilet and FLUSH you will have a better experiance..."
76561198093262976,Not Recommended,295110,14858270,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,The Mushy TaCo,why does this game have to be so bad?
,Not Recommended,295110,34270863,Posted: 15 August,all,Kiwiix,"Used to be one of my favorite games because of the pvp but now it turned into a pve game,,"
76561197992783384,Not Recommended,295110,18917290,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,BUMBLEFOOT,I do not recommend this game. Staff are only interested in micro transactions. They have very little concern for anyone in game who isnt a twitch streamer.  They have banned like 10x the amount of players as they claim play at peak times. They like to ban hackers very slowly but not by steam account or any perma style ban e.g IP. Their happy for hackers to buy say 100 account and use 99 of them for hacking. Its all money to these people. This is also in no way a survival focused zombie game. Have fun running up against no more than 5 zombies at a time that are badly badly coded and barely follow u never mind attack you.  Seriously i do not recommend this game the staff are terrible and focus only on what makes money. They leave their games broken after patch for months. Bases have had a bug that remove you as owner since before the summer. DO NOT BUY (Seriously its not what you think) p.s never playing another daybreak game in my life. #newlevelidiots
,Recommended,295110,16368018,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Comikazie,"This game is so much fun, whether you are surviving from the zombies, building a base, or shooting people! You absolutely need to try this game!"
,Not Recommended,295110,18896193,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Wojtek,If I could I would take a refund for this game. That's all I have to say about h1z1. False Advertisement. Don't buy it.
76561197985589039,Not Recommended,295110,14009980,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,WHOOLEE,"How can it all go so badly wrong overnight, but it has.It is PTW, well someone could actually take your items you just paid real money for too, everything about this game stinks.WarZ part two.As of 29/04/2015 the game is still really really bad, be prepared as i dont even see this making it out of EA."
,Not Recommended,295110,21005611,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Oberst Schulz,It was a big mistake to buy it
,Not Recommended,295110,34742453,Posted: 4 September,all,YourOldPalDeath,"Broken through and through.  Can break through a base with a car or a shotgun in less than 30 seconds,  It takes hours for people to gather resources to buy and build a base which is the new main focus of the game.  But you now have 15 minutes to loot the base once you attack it, within 5 minutes everything will be gone anyways, like I said all you need is a shotgun or a car.  Your base respawns its broken walls after the timer but you still lose everything."
76561197976178275,Not Recommended,295110,14010174,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Exo_CO,disgusting game looks like trash and feels like trash with P2W on top of trash just makes it terrible
,Not Recommended,295110,17219507,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,pr3tty_g00d,"More than half the game is walking around empty roads looking for your friend only to be killed by someone and start all over. Maybe if there was an easier way to meet up with your friend this game could be fun but as is, it bores the hell out of me. Zombies aren't a threat either. You have to be right in front of them for them to attack you and could be outrun with no problem. There's 1 map and pretty much the same stuff every time. I will only play this game if my friend and I have cooldown on CSGO."
76561198123648086,Not Recommended,295110,15149902,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,MeatyPetey,"Have to say..this game was fun at the beginning; until the hackers. They just steal absolutely everything from you and It really doesn't matter what server,  they will be on there. Not only are the hackers bad but also the requirements for this game makes absolutely no sense to me? Bad graphics and not very smooth animations, and etc. There are a lot of other games other out there with better graphics. smooth gameplay, and better sound animations, including ones with multiplayer that run well on my pc. The game needs at least 40 fps to run correctly and doesn't seem this game lets me get that. Please optimize the game or  the system requirements."
,Recommended,295110,14086207,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,BIOHAZARD,"This game is by far the best zombie survival game I have ever played in my entire life of gaming. That being said, yes, there are bugs here and there, but it is still a MUCH MUCH MUCH better game than War z (infestation) and Dayz. I have played, War Z (Infestation), Dayz mod and stand alone, Project zomboid, 7 days to die. None of these compare to this game.+ The graphics on 1080p and high settings are pretty good (obviously not Battlefield 4 graphics quality)+ The weapon and fighting mechanics are great especially compared to dayz and warz+ The crafting is amazing and is one of the reasons this game stands so far above the rest+ This game already has vehicles when dayz and warz took forever to get vechicles and when they did the vehicles sucked+ The event servers are a really great idea and will keep this game alive and fun for a long time with new game modes+ This game is not pay to win at all. you can obtain tickets and other things in game and not even have to buy anything.+ The zombies and animals are actually pretty smart and are really satisfying to fight and kill.+ The world is amazingly detailed. Building are filled with furniture and believeable debris.+ The developers are acutally dedicated to making this game right and are reaching out to the community for input on how to make the game better ( I never really saw that with other Early Access game before)+ This game stands so far above the ""competition"" already and still has plenty of time to get EVEN BETTER- No loot other than berries and sticks (going to be fixed today hopefully)- bugs in general, such as cars going crazy (the game is in early alpha and have done more to fix the problems than any other survival early acess game has ever done)TL:DRThis game is great. If I were you I wouldn't even waste my time or money on any other survival game. It has bugs, but what early access game doesn't. The only thing game breaking about this game that I have discovered so far is the car flipping out and exploding and the loot system being broken. Both could be easly fixed. Just buy this game. You more than likely already wasted money on dayz and warz. It is so much better than the ""competition."""
,Not Recommended,295110,14008583,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,judgefudge101,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME IN CURRENT STATE. SO INCREDIBLY AWFUL. there is potential but this crap should not be in early access yet. I know what early access means before you try to remind me, i know what I signed up for, but you at least expect some kind of quality of gameplay when a developer allows consumers to play their title. this game is a sham and a cashgrab at its current state. DO NOT BUY EARLY ACCESS, WAIT FOR IT TO COME OUT PROPER. whenever the hell that will be."
,Recommended,295110,14024734,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Little 🦁 Man,"Servers swamped in the beginning? Not the dev's fault, thousands of people tried to play a game and it overloaded their login servers, usually happens day 1 of popular games. This is what most people call a DDOS, however it was unintentional due to the amount of consumers trying to access the product.Airdrops P2W? No, guns and ammo are not supposed to be in every drop, however they were confirmed to be a part of airdrops, which were also confirmed to be PAYED items, SINCE AUGUST OF 2014! YOU HAD ALL THAT TIME TO COMPLAIN. They also require 100 (previously 50) players to even spawn, assuming you have a group of 4 that is atleast 96 people to contest the drop. You more than likely will NOT get it, nor will the guy that killed you and your group.Bugs? It's early access for a reason. We are here to test the game, not have a smooth ride, it WILL be bumpy. If you can't accept that it is your problem. They will get fixed as development goes on, if you wanted a solid experience you should have waited till 3-6 months in to early access or for final launch not DAY ♥♥♥♥ING ONE."
76561198002058160,Not Recommended,295110,14011952,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Deathstalker,"Dont buy this, big mistake.PAY2WIN"
76561197970796922,Not Recommended,295110,14007645,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Treacleavich,Pay to win rubbish. What a joke play dayz or breaking point instead. Waste of money scumbags
,Not Recommended,295110,14008595,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Yeti-squatch!,"Right now, simply put, it's garbage.. Let's see if Sony has learned from their 9 million past mistakes and decides to listen to their playerbase this time.. Maybe they'll turn their rep around before this game gets downvoted in to oblivion and nobody wants to touch it anymore."
76561197998656652,Not Recommended,295110,14007622,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,!Kgs,Don't buy this yet.Wait until the servers have been up for at least 48 hours and they implement the airdrop changes (P2W).
,Not Recommended,295110,14005284,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,NoTHysteriaAVA,"Great game! Staring at a loading screen for going on 6 hours now, Highly reccommended if you want to waste time!"
,Recommended,295110,14094029,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Geist,"Love it, Zombies, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s and a dev team that listens and fixs things."
76561197964146546,Recommended,295110,14122221,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,ArK,"Awesome, 20/10, Best in the genre, Game of the year."
,Recommended,295110,14215943,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Rainisaur,"Well h1z1 has smoother gameplay considering it doesnt have the clunky mechanics of dayz and the engine play alot smoother, but the gameplay is very anoying considering dying is too easy. The bow i really hate, you can literally spawn in with it and it's a one shot kill to the head. The cities are pretty nice though and the loot system is pretty broke, one day i find 5 ar15 in a house the next i cant find a bottle of water. DayZ is less broke and has greater scenery and a greater meaning to staying alive, but h1z1 I literally can not stay alive for a day, fresh spawns will come murder you like a pack of indians."
,Not Recommended,295110,17889407,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,╲⎝⧹Beyond Limits ⧸⎠╱,"It's a great game and I've had a ton of fun with it, but the fact that there are hackers on all the time now really ruins it. There is nothing worse than shooting a guy and while looting his items you suddenly die because the guy you killed respawned and used some form of aim bot to shoot you from way out in the woods. It wouldn't be so bad if that were to happen only once in a while but it happens every time I play... Long story short, good game but the hackers kill it and it has been far too long without a fix. and i got ban bcs some hackers report me thay killed me everytime i respawn and keep doing that all time when i ask them why u r doing that to me thay insult me and says u will be banned from the game bcs i report them while thay hacking the game thay using ( aim bot + teleport + ESP ) and the funny thing im who get the banned and thay still playing bcs thay know the admins on the game so this game is rly bad only SPEND YOUR MONEY TO GET HACK + BANNED ) without any reasons."
76561198137474602,Not Recommended,295110,14010892,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Orthis,Ok i think the game could be great & i understand its alpha but come on man i have a 10 to 15 second lag. along with the game freezes and my pc takes 5 minutes to recover. the sad part is i have a reall good computer. i expected more from this. but these conditions are unacceptable to me i would not recommend this game to anyone atm. i need to be able to play the game. so many people on the servers cant find any loot in any houses. the game has some serious issues atm. hell i mean i cant  even. find a hatchet or knife or any type of weapon.
,Recommended,295110,15173422,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,WickedSarah,"This game is everything I was looking for in a survival game.They are constantly changing, fixing and adding things. On top of that, they take cheaters very seriously and ban hackers right away. Granted, its PC and there will ALWAYS be hackers, but I've already noticed a lot less.  The graphics look great for alpha, tons of looting and crafting, vehicles, intense PvP.. Honestly.. I completely suck at this game and I still love it. Obviously there will be some glitches and bugs and everyone's experience is different, but as for me I hardly run into anything major. You can clearly see the effort and passion being put into this game by its creators and after the many let-downs lately with new releases, this game looks very promising. You should give it a shot."
,Not Recommended,295110,16999836,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Mister_Funtastic | Sumarijan,boring :/
,Not Recommended,295110,14017462,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Sherlock,Free to not play!G99/100
,Not Recommended,295110,20131005,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Shia,Just got this game. Its fun but too many connection issues
,Not Recommended,295110,15000054,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,✯ Tyler ✯,"Group of 6, Hacker kills us all with grenade Launcher.Best Game 10/10Also crashes whenever someone shoots somthing?"
,Not Recommended,295110,16070652,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,duckk,"It takes days for you just to find 20 bullets, the game spawns you in the crappiest locations, and the constant crashing. Oh yeah, and don't forget the hackers who noclip into your base and steal your ammo too. Not worth the $20 in my opinion, just wait until it becomes free."
,Not Recommended,295110,18895144,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,FacialHairTheCat,1st run - Black screen2nd - Launcher loads but fails to work3rd launcher asks me to make account4th i make account log in prepare to play a game. Spawn in friend falls through floor and dies.5th reboot. Game crashes6th reboot forger 1 letter in password have to reset everything.7th reboot get into game fall through floor.Look at price. 23.99Refunded.♥♥♥♥ this
,Not Recommended,295110,21045977,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Simon ✔,"This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ The first time i load it, error. Not worth the money, and they promised it would be F2P by now, but it isnt. Wait until it becomes F2P (Probaly never), dont buy this game."
,Recommended,295110,14376007,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,earl,"Ran around for 35 hours of play time and not one gun was found, awesome game♥♥♥♥♥♥♥brilliant 10/10"
,Not Recommended,295110,14011249,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Crow,"Zombies are terrible, servers are ll full, all US servers, no loot, frames drop with no explaination, pay to win, do not buy"
,Not Recommended,295110,14005372,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,LikeTheSalt,"1) Charge for early access to F2P game2) Promise you can't buy guns3) State game would suck if you could buy guns4) Release game with non-working servers5) Announce that you can buy air drops with guns6) Change what will eventually be Free 2 Play into Pay 2 Win, but launch as Pay 2 Pay 2 Win7) Profit8/10 would fall for it againo.0Hopefully I'll have a reason to update this review sooner rather than later."
76561197967435517,Not Recommended,295110,14011305,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Groovy™,"Absolutely TERRIBLE how they baited and switched!  They actually put up the update about the P2W fiasco AFTER the game was released, with ALL prior communication to the OPPOSITE before that!  Idiots!   Want a Pay to Win game?  Buy this!  not only that, cant even log in a day after release and WHEN and IF u do manage that far.....be prepared for a 1-3 hr Q on ANY EU server!  Already put my refund in with Steam AND PAYPAL!  DO NOT BUY THIS!!!"
76561198003596665,Not Recommended,295110,14013421,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,FashionApe,"FIRST OF ALL: despite the fact that they said time and time again taht you would not be able to buy ammo/weapons and other stuff that give you an advantage for real money, they broke that promise and you can actually buy weapons/ammo by buying airdrops which can contain those items. so basicly another form of pay 2 win.Release delayed for several hours, but i guess thats the most acceptable thing considering the other stuff.Only a hand full of EU servers and the ones which are there have 2+ hours waiting time, and even then half the time the game just closes for no reason and you have to queue again for the full wating time.If you actually do manage to get onto the server (good luck with that), you die more than half the time because of how bugged the game actually is, especially nice when you farm and build your gear for hours and then just die because...because you dont even know what kinda of ♥♥♥♥ed up bug killed you this time."
76561197965139274,Not Recommended,295110,14011023,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Stoob,"Dust clone. Pay to win (either now or eventually), bad launch, map is tiny.If you like Dust, buy this game. If you don't give it a miss or wait for free to play to pay to win."
76561197966157167,Not Recommended,295110,14009589,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,My Neighbour Niknaks,Can't play the game - zero support so far - payed for a login screen - thats all you'll get.Will re-review if/when i get in the damn thing
,Not Recommended,295110,14010661,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Kryttonite,"In my opinion, I don't reccomend this game. First of all, it's a pay to win type of game since it's very difficult to find any amunition for guns therefore people usually get their resources from packages purchased on the steam market. Secondly I find it very hard to wait 30 minutes to join a server. That's ridiculous of you ask me. So if you want to wait 30 minutes to join a server, join and run around for 1 hour in a very big and confusing map just toget some very basic gear and finally get killed by some 12 year old kid who's trigger happy, don't get this game."
,Recommended,295110,14067490,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Coznesster Smiff,"Try to disregard some of the very early player reviews. They were made by people who think that login problems on day 1 means the game is a failure. These are the same people who think the air drop system is pay2win, when its more like pay-to-maybe-get-an-item-that-will-probably-get-stolen-from-you-anyway.Right now the game is incredibly fun. Zombies can be dangerous when they're in packs, but are actually fun to fight. They're responsive, and go down when they're supposed to go down. I haven't seen any superpowered, phase-shifting zombies morph through a wall and kill me yet which is a welcome change from AlphaZ.The crafting is simple and easy to use. Shooting feels good and everything in general feels responsive - whether its shooting a zombie in the face or opening a door. I haven't driven any vehicles yet but I've nearly been run over by 1 or 2 of them.Would I say the game is worth getting in its current state? Yes. Its incredibly solid for an alpha and is a lot of fun to play, whether you're alone of with friends."
76561198159016472,Not Recommended,295110,14012608,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,McDopeSwag,I've played this game for an hour and I already hate it. This pay to win crap is BS they lied to us. The first server I joined I was killed by an Ar-15 from some kiddy who payed for an Air Drop. People say its a public thing and other players can come steal it but thats a lie its not. You can hear the plane but thats it no one knows where it'll be dropping etc. The bugs aren't bad after about 30 minutes I had to relog due to the delay in searching things. The developers lied to us and its bull shi*t I DO NOT RECOMMEND BUYING THIS UNTIL THIS PAY TO WIN SH*T IS GONE!
,Recommended,295110,14043898,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Russo300,"This is a good game idk what people are even talking about, it is great in early acess and i cant imagine how great it will be when it acualy comes out.Some good things about the game are:1) You can actualy find other players2) It is very realistic3) Zombies arent too hard too killWith all early acess games there are a few bad things about it:1) Hard to find food and other supplies, i have found 2 cans of food and 2 pills in just over 2 hours of play, most of that time spent in towns. the loot does not respawn frequently enough leading to me dying many many times ( i recomend staying out of towns untill loot begins to spawn more frequently.2) It is too easy to die, of course it would be easy to die in a zombie apocolipse but i havent did from a zombie yet, i have only really died from PvP and stavation3) it takes too long to log into a lobbie"
,Not Recommended,295110,17650013,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Enfetter,Worst game company.Worst game support.Worst community.Worst gameplay.Worst Anti-cheat (if there is one).Worst given money.Worst..Worst...All hail the refund option.https://help.steampowered.com/(you can thank me later)
76561198039467996,Not Recommended,295110,14006617,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,miNd,"Despite all the server issues the game had at the beggining which are understandable, I felt completely cheated with the lies by SOE Devs regarding Pay-2-Win.I don't like P2W games and I was glad that long time ago H1Z1 made a statement saying their game wouldn't be P2W. Now, not only the game is P2W as they also lied about it and still try to argument that it is not P2W because you can die and not pick the airdrop that you paid for. If by any means, whenever you pay for it you have a chance to gain advantage it is considered pay-2-win."
,Not Recommended,295110,14010845,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,♤ETERNAL♤,"Boot game up told me waiting time was 29 minsGot into game was in a box with 20 other people who must have been 10 year oldsGot into game, fell from the skyLanded found m4 in houseFound police carDrove it flipped upside down and killed meGame told me to log out so I didNever againRIP POLICA CAR 11/10"
,Not Recommended,295110,14014549,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,TargetofTarget,"Everything this game has, other games do better. The crafting and building in it is linear and weak - 7 Days to Die is light years ahead of this, with a literal fraction of the team size. Survival and Realism? DayZ has this beat - and I never thought I'd say that. Optimization? 7 Days to Die has it beat. One could say ""this just came out"" - but the engine limitations answers that question. It's not voxel based.It has incredibly cartoony graphics - completely lacking the photo-realism of DayZ, and thus, will never be a truly good survival game. Everything is bright colors - almost like World of Warcraft - and that's not a stretch.Worst of all - NAMEPLATES. It has name plates. How, in what universe, would something designed to make you stick out, have a place in a survival game? I was running on the outskirts of a town, and while running passed a bush, I saw a nameplate appear in the middle of a bush - I was nowhere near it. The poor sap was AFK or something, so I beat him to death and took his things. It has to be done to show people how stupid this is. Unfortunately, since I stream, it's better to buy games to provide reviews for an audience, but if I didn't, I honestly would have never bought it. I can't help but to think that the bigger streamers that gave constant thumbs up to it were shilling for dat $$. It's honestly an incredibly dull experience, and since there's nameplates, you can't hide, everyone sticks out visually from surroundings - it's a big death  match at best. This will never be a survival game. move on."
,Recommended,295110,14942667,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,KaliMoose,If you like DayZ/Rust/Infestation: You'll like this game.If you thought DayZ/Rust/Infestation was a disappointment: You'll like this game.If you hate Dayz/Rust/Infestation: You'll like this game.If you're a DayZ/Rust/Infestation fanboy: You will hate this game with a ♥♥♥♥ing passion for no reason.
76561197964837978,Not Recommended,295110,15702477,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,pOSKaS,"In first I liked this game but only before I learn all the crafts is was over. If you decide to settle down and build base you will see that is not that fun as sounds. Your ""Castle"" will be looted 10 times because of the bugs this game has. You will build your fortification for 50 hours and it will be brought down in 5 min. Developers are more interested to make new shirts then fix these problems."
,Recommended,295110,14098997,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,weed,"Was eating some blackberries in the forest when a man tried to shoot me with an arrow, I quickly dodged the shot and began charging the man with my torch drawn. I swung my torch at the man and to my surprise he began to burn! I chased the guy as the fire engulfed him for a while and continued to hit him with my torch until he fell dead on the ground. I crouched next to him and he told me in a thick Portuguese accent that this game sucks and battlefield 4 is going to have way better graphics. So I hit f6 and began to rub my butt and other body parts on his dead body.10/10 would eat blackberries again"
76561198088025419,Not Recommended,295110,14004846,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,✪ m0uster,20 USD for a game that doesn't work. Wooo this is much like Dayz in the sense that most of the time it doesn't work! Good job! Two thumbs up ya asshoes!
,Not Recommended,295110,14801982,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Radhabinod Pal,"If you actually like this game, then you probably have brain damage as a result of congenital syphilis. Either you don't have enough oxygen going to your brain or someone romanced you roughly with a cinderblock to the face. This game crashes harder than a Boeing into the World Trade Center. If I had a penny for every time I've crashed while playing this game, Bill Gates would be wiping my♥♥♥♥♥with gold sheets.In short, this game is god damn awful. Why you would ever get it, I do not know. My $20 would have been better spent on Thai hookers. At least if I caught something, I would not have to suffer this game."
,Recommended,295110,14876422,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Loz38,"get it, Play it right now. Battle royale is amazing. The multiplayer is amazing. 9/10. They are constantly fixing bugs and fixing the game. one of the best buys this year"
,Not Recommended,295110,14007416,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,H35!T@!0N,"currently about on par with dayz, zombies glitch through doors a bit"
,Not Recommended,295110,17040681,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Skorpion4ig,One of the shities game EVER.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥LAG.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥CHEATERS. ♥♥♥♥ING GLITCHERS. ♥♥♥♥ING TEAMING VIRGNS ON THE BR.  YOU NEENDS TO BE A NOLIFE♥♥♥♥♥TO PLAY IT.
,Not Recommended,295110,16236503,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Fox,"I used to love this game, but at this current rate with the majority of the population are hackers, its simple unplayable for me and my team. So we decided to stop pursuing this game yet and hope for the better improvements and hopefully we can come back with fun some time. Later guys, i'm gonna pew pew at CSGO first. Bye."
76561198079135380,Recommended,295110,14066280,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,CrimsonKnight,"If you are one of those gamers who think you can win by paying. Well with this game you can't its awesome if you call in a air drop the plane pretty much lets everyone know in a 300M radius, then after that everyone can see were the drop will be made as it slowly falls to the earth. So in a sense if you pay for a drop theres a good chance that it will be someone elses drop lol. So by haveing that aspect this is not a pay to win game. Also when theres a problem they fix it in about 1-2 days right now i give it a 7/10 great game just don't trust everyone and so far the comuninty is great."
,Not Recommended,295110,14005296,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,CC,cant play！！！！！
,Not Recommended,295110,14010643,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,fuckboy,second WarZ/Infestation p2w crap? congrats SOE
,Recommended,295110,14052420,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Drew,Gr8 Game. 10/10
76561198036331705,Not Recommended,295110,18203064,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,It'z ya boi Wallez,i highly recomend people to not buy this game simply because if you run into a problem and you write to them about it they dont respond. i have tried everywhere to write about this G32 problem that keeps crashing my game and they wount respond its been more then 3 months now. so if you are thinking about bying a new computer before you get tired of H1Z1 i would recomend not bying it.
,Not Recommended,295110,20416732,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,YG,"I forgot my password and now I cant recover it and can't play. I can't contact with support, because i have to be logged in. I asked'em on forum on second acc, but no answer. Don't buy this game or you just wont be able to play one day."
,Not Recommended,295110,14004123,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Plazmic Flame,"Day 1 (Launch Day): Do not buy this game, no one can get in right now. Hold off from paying until you can actually log it."
,Not Recommended,295110,14020982,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,BRUXXUS,"Paid for a F2P game that the devs snuck P2W into at the last minute... Although I haven't actually been able to play yet. I understand EA and how useful it can be, but don't ask us to pay YOU to be a tester then expect us to pay even more to get a better experience. ESPECIALLY when you have assured us would NOT happen."
,Not Recommended,295110,17852406,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Dogge,0/10 support not letting me play ZzzZzz
76561197971948699,Not Recommended,295110,14022701,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,AdmiralJack,"Yes, i realize it is early access and fairly undeveloped, but until they flesh out a ton of game breaking bugs, avoid at all cost.1. Starvation simulator. You are full at 8am, by midnight that same night you are starving to death.2. Loot just isn't implemented enough at all. Wandering for several hours and finding nothing is not fun.3. Latency. Laggy laggy laggy.4. No map. Realism can get bent. No map makes it next to impossible to play with friends.5. No group system. Again, makes it a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to play with friends.6. Ugly, boring, muted very brown colored game. I hate to say this, but war z/ISS looks miles better."
,Recommended,295110,14055717,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,<{GoD}> Russell,"This is by far the best Zombie MMO I have played, better than DayZ if you ask me, runs a lot smoother and the gameplay si very well also, Anyone thinking about getting this game, GO FOR IT!!! It's Awesome!!!!"
,Recommended,295110,14378755,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Lightning,"Mixed reviews my♥♥♥♥♥ This is a pretty great game for being only 20$ and in early access!The whole ""Pay2Win"" isn't very true. You can pay 5$ for an airdrop with it having a CHANCE to have weapons in it. I've seen people get garbage in it. I'm 7 hours in and I've owned it for 2 days. Constant fun. Can't wait to see you guys out there and yell ""Friendly!"" at you ;)"
,Not Recommended,295110,14008749,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Fuck GabeN,Early Access or not the developers are clearly amateurs. One of the biggest zombies sandbox anticipated games turned out to be a joke and nothing more. I don't see any future for this game.
76561198076331408,Not Recommended,295110,31381632,Posted: 26 April,all,OGSpookington,F KOTH
,Recommended,295110,14052565,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Prince-Of_Darkness,Good game.And has a lot of potential GG for the dev team and do not worry survivors the paytowin talk is rubbish .I m enjyoing a lot
,Not Recommended,295110,14015038,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Nerfed,"If you have any interest in this game, I suggest you look the other way, ignore all the hateful spam on the forums, and see where the game is in a few weeks-months from now. The only reason I'm NOT recommending this game, is because it's simply too early to say whether or not your money is well spent in the long run. And hell, if you wait long enough, you'll even be able to check this game out for free.First of all, this game is in early access. Now, hold on, I know what you're thinking; ""oh my god stfu with the early access thing, IT'S NOT AN EXCUSE!"", and you're completely right about that! Early access means you should EXPECT issues, not EXCUSE them. And this game has some glaring issues at the moment, all of which add up and make the game pretty much unplayable. As such, it's best to wait a while, and come back when they're fixed.Some of the issues include;- Poor performance:quality ratio. I've had many games both looking and running far better than H1Z1 does.- Lack of graphics settings (1). The only settings are overall quality presets, and pixel resolution.- Lack of graphics settings (2). For some reason, using the medium, low, or very low quality preset, turns everything pitch black. What's supposed to be a sunny day will look like the darkest night. As a direct result, everyone is forced to play with at least the high preset, and the only option to improve performance is to downscale by setting the pixel res to very low (which only runs slightly better, at the cost of looking like absolute♥♥♥♥♥.- Inconsistencies and oddities. Just about anything in regular servers is a loot container, from broken cars to random cabinets and fridges in buildings, you can open and loot them all. And you need to, in order to find supplies and survive. In Battle Royale however, the only loot to be found is clothing, guns, ammo, and healing items (your hunger/thirst is locked to 100%, so you don't need food). It's quite odd; if your first experience with the game is BR, you'll have a very boring time, because you'll be looking around, seeing all these cabinets and whatnot, and thinking to yourself ""why can't I loot any of this? wtf is wrong with this game??"".All of the above, and all the other issues I haven't mentioned (and trust me, there's LOADS), will likely be improved over time.Also, the community is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ itself over airdrops and whether or not they're pay 2 win. If you're caught in the mass confusion on that subject, this will probably help; they're more like pay 2 server event. While it is pretty bad that you can pay for a chance at great loot, bear in mind it's delivered by a very loud, clearly visible plane, and the drop itself is a huge container with bright blinking lights on it. Anyone with decent gear or nothing to lose will come running, so you'd best be prepared if you actually want the items! In addition, it takes 10 full seconds to actually open the crate, even after you already opened it before (so if you open it, close it to quickly look around before looting, and try to open it again, you'll have to wait another 10 seconds). An awful lot of death can happen to you if you're standing still for 10 seconds! They're also quite expensive, clocking in at $5 a drop. Is that really worth it, for a bunch of RANDOM items which you WILL eventually lose if you continue playing with that char? It really seems like the only reason for airdrops is literally to start a server event, a small-scale war over the crate contents."
,Not Recommended,295110,14011790,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Inka,"I know all you guys are on the hype train and will probly just disregard someone disagreeing with you outright because you lack the ability to form your own opinions and just circlejerk straight from whatever is the most upvoted on reddit or 4chongs /v/.But I have some points I would like to make about all this ridiculous negetivity.1- You paid for a free game becuase you were to impatient a lack the ability to read like 6 notifications the developers and steam give you warning you that game may not be balanced/ready for low tier consumers.2- Early access game? How dare they try and experiment with interesting sources of monetisation after they present the most well polished and detailed open world we have seen in Multiplayer videogame history3- HOW DO WE EVEN KNOW THAT ITS PAY TO WIN?!?!Now this might blow some of ur zombie fukn sheep brains out of you skulls but.Game is in alpha correct?a) Loot spawns seem to be glitched or cannot cope with the high population of people in the game making                       finding gunsb) Doesnt it seem like the plane flies too high, clouds are too thick and flashing lights are not bringt enough?Taking these two points into consideration it is completely possible that maybe SOE did intend to make Air Drops contestable but due to buggy item drops and a lack of playtesting, made it impossible to fight for an airdrop. Now that is no excuse they should have improved this by-Making air drops more visable-fixing item drops in towns (which isnt really their fault considering its the 1st day of playtesting on a mass scale)-Making the drop fall further away from the calling player and making the package fall slower, giving other players a chance to steal another players airdrop.4- I doubt you have got this far but...Is it really that much of a disadvantage? People can pay all they want but in the end all it takes is a slight mistake to cost them their beloved dollars woth of airdrop gear, The m1911 seems to be a 1-2 shot instakill with headshots and open world survival is more about the timing and strategy behing fighting than the actual firepower of weapons.5- Pay to win in a game without winning! What defines winning in such a genre? Is it having the best guns or sickest base?! In a game with no set rules who can define what ""winning"" is? Are you really that much of a nihilistic dunning krugered autist that you beleive you have to win in order to have fun?Feel free to argue but most importantly never let a person or group of peoples unified opinions be absolute, Just becuase reddit,4chong,pcgamer,steamreviews,ur best mate,streamers,youtubers and whateverelse are telling you somethign is either bad or somethign is good doesnt not mean it is. All in all its a game and ur in it to have fun, you have paid for it enjoy it and quit crying.ps. I dont endrose this game becuase of the high levels of autism it has induced the community devs pls rethink ur decisions acknowledge you are dealing with some of the highest lvls of asperges in any entertainment community ever.8/10 pretty good game indepth crafting system something that is lacking in othergames of the genre, Basebuilding and vehicles are also nice, since they are present int he game and not 2 years late and actually function quiete well, The quick degeneration of hunger and thirst while it can be annoying at times also makes the game more intersting as you are always on the lookout for food and water."
76561198147298722,Recommended,295110,14038775,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,JLee,"I currently really enjoy this game, yes there are things that need to be tweaked but it's Early Access and the developers are on it!It's a free roam game (inside the map limits) where you get to craft and create, survival is tough but wouldn't that be true IRL?I don't view it as P2W, but i know others would disagree.If you enjoy discovering and crafting as well as fighting off zombies, bears and wolves and the odd player or two, i think you'll enjoy it. It's also got the PVP servers and seperate PVE servers too!Maybe watch some gameplay and decide for yourselves, happy gaming!"
,Not Recommended,295110,16570601,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,[BOSS] Solid Shake,"This review is basically for all early access open world craft your own crap game. recently i have been thinking hard about this, since E3 microsoft said they will allow early access to games. WHY!? mind blown. I was excited for this game when i saw the trailer long long ago, H1Z1 promised to much and delivered what seems like less than half that. THIS game. however, is the most polished of this genre. Rust, Ark, DayZ and other games like this will always tell players. You can pay an X amount of dollars ranging from 20 - 50 with extra ""promised"" stuff with the more you pay when the game ""releases"". EVERY one of these titles will say ""when this game launches it will be free"" but we all know that this game will be in early access for as long as it possibly can. and that just bothers me. Steam should rip off early access and burn it so developers can just have closed betas like the old days. Were not anyone can play the game and ♥♥♥♥♥ about it, but can actually apply input on bugs and glitches.Dont buy this game, dont buy ark, dont buy rust, dont buy any game in this genre until its free because its a huge waste of time and money."
,Recommended,295110,14092827,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Rabid bunny,"For early access this game is already very polished and after playing over a day in game since release 5 days ago, I can say that it's a lot of fun.There seems to be a negative community that don't appreciate this is ALPHA.  Yes, it's a weird kind of Alpha that you pay for, but it's Alpha all the same.SOE have proven (a week in) to be very responsive to player feedback and suggestions, they are getting the big bugs fixed exceptionally quickly and they are providing a lot of feedback about what's happening and where things are at.If you enjoy the Zombie Survival Genre (I've not played DayZ, but I've played a heck of a lot of 7 Days To Die, some Rust,  Project Zomboid and other survival games like Don't Starve and The Long Dark), then for $20, this is definitely worth the money to add to your library and be part of the fun.It WILL change, it WILL evolve, it already is! It's definitely captured my imagination."
76561198156190891,Recommended,295110,14099320,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,TheBestEver,better then dayz
,Recommended,295110,14038047,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,memelord,"H1Z1 is a survival MMO released by Sony Online Entertainment for the most part i have positive things to say about this game and i believe it has lots of potential.Positives: +Combat feels smooth and responsive+Game runs well+The crafting system has a lot of depth and allows meaningful progression+In numbers, zombies are actually quite tough+Devs seem to listen to the community this is evidenced by the fact they drastically changed airdrops to in                         response to the communities complaints+So far microtransactions seem unintrusive and i dont feel like i need them to play the gameNegative: -Some fundamental aspects are broken such as loot respawn, and the fact your energy and hydration levels                                           fall far to quickly(This game is early access so this will be fixed in time)-Zombies sometimes don't aggro on you-In some areas zombies feel pretty scarce-No tutorial so you will either need to read a guide or learn to play on your ownOverall this game is an early access game and most of the negatives i have listed can be fixed in time by the Devs. I believe this game has a lot of potential to be a fun survival game. Just keep in mind before purchasin this game is EARLY ACCESS there will be problems and even game breaking issues but these will be fixed in time hopefully. Overall I would reccomend this game to survival game fans but only if you are willing to look past some issues that should hopefully be fixed in the future."
,Recommended,295110,14048943,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,[ZiiP] DarkJester,"Ignore the first couple of days. There were obviously issues - but this game is about the long haul. The developers are listening and reacting, and that's a good thing. Now zombies are active, they are scary. The game reminds me of the original Dayz mod, in that you have to constantly think about what you are doing and be very sneaky. If you run around like a lunatic, you'll die. You need to observe, and know when to move into populated areas.Things aren't perfect. No one said they would be.. However: The game has a lot of potential. I hope SOE find that potential and build a classic game. The ball is in their court.Finally, if you've read all the negative reviews, Ask yourself this: How many of these people have asked for a no-quibble refund that has been offered by SOE? and how many are still playing? If you don't own this yet and you're concerned about the problems.. don't buy it yet and wait for it to be F2P"
,Not Recommended,295110,20201277,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,twisted-,i am sad this game is so bad :c
,Recommended,295110,14067334,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Mehdi,"The most complete open world survival game available today. All of this, at launch. I cannot wait to see what more this game will bring."
76561198105836172,Not Recommended,295110,14167885,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,abberron,"H1Z1, a terrible game and here is why it'll never be better.Upon H1Z1's alpha release (which many companies are doing today to encourage greater profits) the development team prided themselves are streaming their own personal channels highlighting the games features utilizing the games creative mode. Giving themselves all the greatest gear and vehicles to showcase the games potential and show you something you would literally never achieve. What the Dev's failed to do is stress test the servers to make sure it would handle more than just themselves. They failed to play the game from a vanilla standpoint unaware that the game wasnt spawing in enough items for more than just the Dev. team. A multitude of broken features like not being able to log back into a server if you logged out near a major town. Many receipes unobtainable as crafting is based on a tiered system where you have to find metal which requires a tool not spawning.I literally walked around 3 hours at a time, over the course of a week, I found a worn hat. Now here is why this game will never be any better. Upon bringing this information up to the ""development team"" in a very non hostile tone, my thread was locked, no warning with a nasty little email from the Dev. That right there tells me a couple things. The individuals working on this project are immature, incapable of constructive criticism, no desire to improve versus stagnate, and are willing to isolate and control any free thoughts that arent their own.I would be willing to overlook this fault with H1Z1 staff if it were even a partially enjoyable game, but I found myself wasting hours a time, watching my hydration and health dwindle and die. You dont maintain any skills, all loot is lost, and essentially you start all over after wasting days at a time as if it were day one. I know the loot will eventually be increased but to be honest other than killing a zombie and skinning a deer to eat, there isnt much else to this game that hasnt already been done in a more polished version of Dayz. The vehicles blow upon with a couple of hits after days of trying to round up the parts to build them, and anyone can steal them, no way to lock or protect, once again a massive waste.If you enjoy zombie games, and you are a person who would like to craft, I recommend 7 Days to Die. You can dig trenches, build houses from scratch, rock dirt, you can tunnel and mine, and it has all the things Dayz & H1Z1 has without their flaws when it comes to zombies and looting and survival. I have deleted H1Z1 from my system if you havent wasted money on it, save it for something worthy of being called a game not ran by ignorant, childish, fail ""devlopers""."
,Recommended,295110,15284903,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Madmax,"I've been playing H1Z1 now for 2 months, and I am enjoying this game. They seem to updates and server wipes when needed and the improvements I am always glad to see whenever the new update has been done. I can't compare this to DayZ since I have yet to play that game, from what I've seen looks great as well, but I am sticking to H1Z1 for now. It's great the devs are continually working on banning the cheaters to make this game enjoyable for everyone playing. Of course there are a few things I would like to see put in the game, but it's shaping up to be a truely great game."
76561198288608411,Not Recommended,295110,23803553,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,gholdridge720,"I played H1Z1 since beta on my other steam account well over some 1000 hours never a warning email or anything about cheating.  After the new anti cheat was put in I was banned. Banned for what i dunno my offensive name that they allowed.. not sure. Banned for using glitches in the roof, and floor that everyone uses again not sure. I cant even talk to a human to find out why exactly...In fact i cant even submit a ticket from my original account cause its just completly banned Ive never had this happen. I have to make a seperate account and reference my original account... whatever daybreak. Seems like by the time they get this game fully fixed there will be better games out there with better everything. I Feel like i was accused of something, and put to death without even a suspension, trial, or a chance. At least when most games ban you for life example (bf4,overwatch) its not based on buggy glitch fest. Also the desicion or claim to split this game up to better serve the fans sounds like a wolf in sheeps clothing marketing big busniess talk. The only thing i got for being a fan was stitches, and the fact I can now actully claim to be a♥♥♥♥♥♥victim with a scar to prove it."
,Recommended,295110,14095083,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Shootmeplx,"I'm going to write a review just because I find it strange that this game got ""mixed feelings"".I've spent about 10 hours in the game and would like to share my opinion thusfar.Concerning graphics and engine smoothness, FPS etc.. This game is using that planetside engine magnificently, it's running a high FPS and it feels fast paced, while still holding the need of skill in combat.I enjoy scavenging as well as surviving in the woods, and hunting zombies are dangerous and fun at the same time.It doesn't take hours of preparation time unlike other ZMMO's to jump into the action, and you can start with a basic weapon arsenal as you spawn.People I've met are about 70% friendly, and hackers seem minimal AT THIS TIME.The Dev team is putting amazing efforts pulling long night work when a glitch does occur and is determined to fix it. I write this as they have been working on a glitch for the past 9 hours to give us the loot we so dearly want.About the ""pay to win"" aspect: The crates are only about 10% chance to give a military weapon AT ALL, and it's limited to a shotgun or a pistol. The rest are handy supplies at best. The event itself attracts HORDES of players and has been made so that it is insane difficult to GET to the cache. I'd say it's balanced; just like the skins you can buy.Overall an amazing experience, and I will definitly keep following and playing.8/10"
,Not Recommended,295110,14732855,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,N30C,Horrible ♥♥♥♥ing game. Do you enjoy wasting time ? playing for over an hour to die to a hacker teleporting around you who cant take damage? Then this game is for you!
,Recommended,295110,17091884,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,balzic,"#Rules of survival by Balzic#1. Always scout your sorroundings and the house you want to run into before running into it.2. Always use third-person when in combat or looting houses.3. If you fire a gun near a house, either run away from the house, or if you killed someone loot the essentials and then run as fast as you can.4. Never go out in the open unless you are absolutely positive there are no one who can see you. That means always stay near a tree, a fence, bushes and so on.5. Before running into a village or point of interest, find the nearest best overview of the whole location and take and overall look for any activity, if you have it at your disposal use binoculars or a sniper for all scouting.6. If you hear gunfire do not approach it, instead look for a spot where you can see the people invovled, only reason you should interact is if you have a hunting rifle then shoot from a long distance. If you want to kill them but you dont have a hunting rifle, wait for them to move away from the place they were shooting, follow them. When you go in your odds of survival are high if they have pistols and you have a superior weapon, but if not you should consider staying away. A good trick is to wait for them to loot something and shoot them in the back of their head, as long as you don't make any noise.7. If standing still always crouch or lay down, often people can see you through windows so when looting a house with many windows crouching is the safest way to go.8. If you need to eat berries then lay down or crouch in a bush."
76561198129742748,Recommended,295110,14044666,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Nucks_Sean,everything is good . need more ammo for guns ive found 50 guns no ammo
,Recommended,295110,14055660,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Linus,"Aside from some obvious mistakes (lying about airdrops) the devs made at the launch of this game, it's great fun. Keep in mind that this is an early access game in its current state, and that many features are missing. If you keep this in mind and enjoy survival games such as this one, I'm sure you'll have a ball."
,Recommended,295110,14378414,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Puttin' on the Ritz,This open world survival horror game is a very complete feeling game while it is still in alpha. i have had alot of fun with it so far. i give it 10/10 squirl heads
76561198067772689,Recommended,295110,14382495,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,MajorH3artOn,"I have had quite a bit of fun with this game. The devs are on top of bugs and regularly patch the game. I have not run into any hackers as of yet but I avoid high population servers and towns in the servers I do play in.If you like killing zeds, awesome crafting, and a bunch of KoS ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s this game is for you."
,Not Recommended,295110,17659481,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Korky,I have recently just purchased the game and it keeps crasjhhing i constantly get game error g99 and it closes.
76561198065349893,Not Recommended,295110,16034396,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,mpath,Your time and money would be better spent playing literally anything else.
,Recommended,295110,14004558,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Arkavyn,"After learning that the devs are making changes to the airdrops and such, I recommend giving this game a try, I don't know if you think it's worth paying for a game this early in Alpha with all the evident bugs, glitches and the lack of enough servers to accomodate all the people wanting to play the game at once. I recommend you wait a while, perhaps until it's free, and then give it a try. If you really like it by that point then spend some money on the game, but I doubt too many people will find it worth spending that kind of money for something that is - as I stated earlier - this early in it's Alpha stage.Loot is scarce, from what I've seen as people are all over the place taking all the food and such and leaving you to starve after being in the game for around 20 minutes. So take all that into consideration before buying it."
,Recommended,295110,14357147,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Neko Sora,Ya know. After trying Arma 2 with the DayZ Epoch mods and the difficulty I have had since I have never done it before and how the controls worked in it. I do have to say H1Z1 really stood out a lot more then what I expected and I enjoyed my little time playing it so farMy first time playing it took me a little time to get use to the controls but after that I was starting to just have fun.My first death was by a bear and he just one shot me  11/10 would get mauled againMy second death was just to natural causes due to not finding many resources at the current timeMy last death of my first time playing was just getting shot off a buildingWould I reccoment this game? I would yes. It has the feel of the DayZ and arma 2 mods but I feel it has a bit of a better concept and the controls are a lot better.
,Not Recommended,295110,16393848,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,SunGod,"Far too many hackers to play the regular game. You will work for days to gather and build, but all that work can and will be destroyed in a matter of seconds to a hacker. Most of the time they can fly, teleport, walk through walls, ESP, Aimbot, and have super speed. There is nothing you can do but quit playing as I did.I've spent hours building and or looking for items on my own away from the clan I am apart of only as mentioned above for it to vanish in a sec with a 1 shot hs from 300 + feet away. Thus I moved to Battle Royal (BR) only to get hackered to death again and or vs clans in BR which is a joke. You can watch some streamers who have 100+ wins but if you watch closely, they never miss a shot along with the epic prefire into bushes. They say they have great aim but give us a break, your a hacker too bud.Wait for F2P or until servers are region lock and hackers are caught more often and banned."
,Recommended,295110,14169422,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Hostile,"some people say, that game is pay 2 winI REALLY DONT UNDERSTAND WHY!guns are not easy to find airdrops are hard to get, even friendsthat game is not p2w at alland the game play is 10/10, Worth every single cent"
76561198022201534,Not Recommended,295110,18961162,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Tramus,"Bought this game for a zombie survival experience. Survival mode abandoned by the devs because the battle royale mode makes them more money. Servers riddled with hackers and bugs, and I'm pretty sure it was supposed to become F2P around April 2015?"
76561198040124990,Not Recommended,295110,19217613,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Haze,"Do not buy this game!!!!!! more than 300h in this game I'm here since the beginning and the game dev can't fix nothing, Dev broke all their promises. They're bunch of f*cking sellout that can't fix their game. This game will probably never go out of Alpha and I really hope it gets removed from steam market."
76561198169429159,Not Recommended,295110,19233457,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Repent,"Look at my Hours on this game,     THE GAME HASNT CHANGED since the release,  NO point in trying to talk to others or screaming out IM FRIENDLY over the mic, Cause your still dead on sight. if you want to talk to others and make friends FIND SOMETHING ELSE TO PLAY.  My time speaks for its self nothing has changed since the release of the alpha and nothing willThe Only ONE!!! thing Diffrent Between BR and Survival...One has gas the other doesn'tBattle Royal  =  Loading ....... loading ...... GAME STARTS          Run Run Run Run RUN  DIE!!!     START OVERSurvival  =  Loading......... Loading...........  GAME STARTS         Run Run Run Run RUN  DIE!!!     START OVERBORING!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Nothing is going to change. it wouldn't matter if they did a 15 GB updates the ppl will always be the sameBuy something else!"
76561197972703884,Not Recommended,295110,19338434,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Dante VoodOO,This game would be awesome exept pretty much its a hax fest. So if you like to build a base and then get esp found and aimbot killed this game is for you !
,Not Recommended,295110,21410026,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Gwendolin,DEVS ARE MONE♥♥♥♥♥S WHO ABBANDON THE GAME´S ORIGIN TO MAKE MORE MONEY
76561198070603018,Not Recommended,295110,21140471,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,SOY EL REY⸻⸻⸻⸻⸻⸻⸻,:(
,Not Recommended,295110,21528230,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,:-) champinj0n,nty
,Not Recommended,295110,21139490,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Donald Cosby,Check the time I have with this game.That´s the amount of time it took me to realize this game is pure♥♥♥♥♥♥Totally wasted money in a game that will never develp past ALPHA for pure cash grab purposes
76561198178412161,Recommended,295110,14464980,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Deedz,best game in my expeiriance
76561198144842281,Recommended,295110,15331218,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,The Real Fallen,Battle Royale That is All
,Not Recommended,295110,14252339,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Stripstroke,"If you asked me a year ago if you should buy this game I would have said ♥♥♥♥ING YES but now not so much... back then it was a breath of fresh air with constant updates, now it's a battle royal simulator will all promises swept under the rug.The game is good I had alot of fun with it I mean it's got good graphics settings, you can rebind all the keys, there is a bunch of audio/chat settings. The survival has to be my favourite oh man how much do I love to go and mess about with the community and creating stories to tell my friends or to just have them as memories. Having cars made survival even better but it is the biggest chore to track down parts to get one started, building bases is awesome they are destroyable which adds to the fun! The crafting is on point it was so easy to discover and create it was by far the best feature they had going and the soundtrack I think is pretty good but most people won't notice it.Now the bad battle royal is pretty much the main focus now... which I don't like. What happened to this game being free to play later? I doubt the cash shop is taking a leave with that choice either.  $20 DOLLARS FOR EACH MODE WHO THE ♥♥♥♥ COMES UP WITH THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥ The community is ♥♥♥♥ing terrible now... the gunplay is even worse than that. What happened to adding more maps? What about all the other ♥♥♥♥ing survival features? I guess that flew out the window when consoles didn't want this game anymore... no wonder Sony ♥♥♥♥ing flipped you the finger and told you to ♥♥♥♥ off.Back when I first got this game it was promising for being better then DayZ but now this game is stuck in DayZ development hell and I doubt that'll ever change. P.S WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ IS UP WITH THE♥♥♥♥♥♥REBRANDING!"
76561197983381029,Recommended,295110,14036522,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Silvermane,"WOW, what can I say....I held my breath on writing a review, and I am glad I did.H1Z1 is the best Zombie Survival game I have ever played. I have played DayZ and many others, and also have put over 200 hours into Rust. None of those have anything on H1Z1.Now your thinking.... ""Well its buggy and the servers are down!""  Well it is early access and now the servers from what I have seen are fixed.In 15 hours I have built a base, learned tons of recipes, maxed out on guns and gear, lost all my guns and gear, gained all my guns and gear back, and cooked a ton of deer and wolf steaks!I cannot emphasize how much I love the Survival features in the game. It is 100% possible to live off the land and never leave the wilderness. You can quite litteraly spawn, create a bow from the clothes on your back and a stick, make a bow drill to cook food, hunt, find a scrap metal to create a hatchet, and cut trees, build a shack, and live the land.  As they balance out some of the hunger issues and losing hydration extremely fast it will honestly maybe be to easy.Either way, if you enjoy Survival games and want a game that may have a few bugs right now, but is better than most other survival games on the 3rd day of its Testing Alpha Launch get this!  They have already been patching continuously and making changes to what they are seeing from the community, it is getting better and better.Like a good wine, it only will keep getting better with age."
,Recommended,295110,14062418,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,bambamfreddy,"I absolutely love this game! It is a blast! Everything in it looks very good and runs super smooth. The thing I love most about this game though is the intensity of everything you do. From killing zombies to having a full out battle at an airdrop to get the loot. Everything about this game is just FUN. There are a few things that I don't like about it though.1. In order to find your friends you have to go by landmarks and there is no map in game. There are only maps near certain landmarks and they are on a sign that tells you where you're at. SO I constantly have to Alt Tab and check the world map on line to figure where I am and figure out where my friends are. So I'm just hoping they will come up with some way to make it so you can spawn in with your friends.2. The hydration and energy level bars drain very very quickly. I like the concept of hydration and energy but I often find my self stopping to eat a ton of blackberries and you can only eat one at a time and they don't really give you much health or energy, just enough to get by.3. No matter what you're energy bar is you run at the same speed. So even if you're fighting someone and they have super low energy they run at the same speed as you. So no matter what, they can get away from you. Even if they have absolutely no energy.Other than those three things this game is absolutely awesome and I would recommend it to anyone. It's only in alpha and it already feels like a finished game to me. I cannot even imagine how good this game is gonna be in half a year when it goes free to play."
76561198084521789,Recommended,295110,14597454,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,SaM,"This is how the game feels (in my opinion) as of 2/22/15.H1Z1, a game still in ALPHA version that has already a shown a great deal of potential, has good and bad things about it. (just like any game) Do not let reviews of people saying the game is ""too easy"" change your mind about this. This is an apocalyptic-zombie game in which you must scavenge/craft to survive animals/zombies/players. People out there saying: ""not enough zombies, we need hordes!"" Upon first playing this game you may find that this is true. ( i personally agree that there should be at least twice the amount of zombies as of now) But once you actually find a zombie, you realize how difficult it can be to fight it off. (or run from it)-WEAPONS: (GUNS) Weapons consist of a 12ga (12 gauge) shotgun,a .308 Hunting Rifle, a M11911 pistol, and an AR15 (assault rifle). T And a bow which can be crafted. While these weapons can be rare, ammo is 100% seperate. Ammo must be found elsewhere and must match the weapon you have on you in order to be used.Opinion of game so far:ProsCustomization is very interesting (all faces look the same)Surviving in the wild is fairly easy. (just need to run until something is found)A variety of servers to choose from with varying populations of players(friendly and hostile)ConsNo Main menu, no place to manage controls/graphics(settings) besides in-game/in worldNot enough weapons, need more.(i would like to see a rifle(not a sniper) such as a Mosin Nagant/Enfield/M14 etc.)All faces look the same, every characters face looks EXACTLY the same.The game IS IN ALPHA PEOPLE! WAIT TILL IT GETS TO BETA AND WE""LL SE WHO WANTS THAT HARDCORE SURVIVOR♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!"
76561198015467589,Not Recommended,295110,17550027,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,[SS] Landser,"Hackers Galore, All servers filled up with flipino hackers.Poor people, bad players no ones nice and its practically worse than DAYZ amazingly DAYZ is better than this....DO NOT WASTE MONEY"
,Not Recommended,295110,17547239,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Noah,"Great concept, but limited scope. The execution is poor. Maybe The Division will get it right. PROBABLY not... but they at least KNOW how it should feel.It would be better as a single-player game. To fight broken game mechanics is one thing. To fight them in addition to... ""people"", I guess, is another."
,Not Recommended,295110,19005403,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Hauwnted,"Dev only care about BR. Survival is dead, don't buy."
,Not Recommended,295110,21468064,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,ᕙÚ†hårᕗ,F*ck this game and F*ck you Daybreak.░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░▄H1Z1▄░░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
76561198121904545,Not Recommended,295110,25385384,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,bears54da,"I bought this game for $20. It honestly was a waste. The game is fun for the first couple of hours but then it just gets more boring as time passes. Don't do what I did, please spend your money elsewhere..."
,Recommended,295110,14032160,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,{CFH} HARVEY,better than DayZ
76561198099648696,Not Recommended,295110,18978655,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,diegoji15,"This game reconnects way too many times, i cant spend 5 minutes playing this since it keeps on reconnecting. fix the ♥♥♥♥ing problem soon. cause i really am wishing for my money back."
,Recommended,295110,15068728,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Turtle Eh csgohunt.com,>First login meet guy in jeep>He is friendly I get in>We shrek people>I become more stacked than him>I shoot him>I kill him10/10 people would kill that friendly guy again
,Recommended,295110,14004914,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,ToxX,The classically simple Etch-a-Sketch is one of the best-known toys of a generation and remains popular today
76561198021079660,Recommended,295110,14540381,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Dooxraan,İts a amazing  game and crafting system   better  than  Rust   also   base  system  totally  awesome
76561198106307169,Recommended,295110,14039034,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Queen Lydia,"I changed my thoughts about this game, on release i thought it was over hyped and did not enjoy it, it has progressed a long way, i still do  not think this is the zombie game to beat all others , thought it would be close if they removed base building , or at least made base building free servers, i find that aspect to the game choppy and not very enjoyable, i feel too many zombie survival games feel they need to add base building when in fact the game would be brilliant without it, it does not feel like you are looking after a sim like in dayZ yet it still has a food  / water and sleep system.Props for making a good zombie game but non building servers would be great."
,Recommended,295110,14516964,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Bingus,"I hold high hopes for this early access.Unlike many of the other ""forever alphas"" this game not only is already starting with a smooth engine *cough* ᴰᵃʸᶻ, but is also consistantly being updated. Not only are there constant updates and fixes, they are updates the players request! A very responsive and interactive dev team on a highly entertaining and promissing game? Too good to be true.Although there are bugs and hackers still out there, the game continues to have many fun experiences and constant fixes and bans. I admit my fair share of frusturating moments but must say the good moments highly outweigh them.Let's cross our fingers and hope this game continues down this positive and promissing road and doesn't pull a ""Stomping Land"" and jump ship."
,Not Recommended,295110,18932034,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,erothius,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ game
,Recommended,295110,17373490,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Luigi?,A zombie game where I've never seen a zombie.   My kind of zombie game.
,Not Recommended,295110,18890579,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Blazing,"I bought this game thinking it was going to be a zombie survival game similar to DayZ. It was advertised this way and it also has a battle royale arena fps mode as a side feature. Neat, I thought. Fast forward to today and the survival game play is still riddled with bugs, cheaters and small spurts of content. Meanwhile, the arena mode is constantly being worked on every patch.If you want an apocolypse 150ish man arena game, check this out. If you want a zombie survival game, look elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,295110,22581217,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,CackSlop,"Got a good amount of time out of the original H1Z1 back when daybreak was actually adding content, but this game has devolved into a heathing POS. I wouldn't gift this to my best friend or worst enemy. I truly hope you greedy ####bags at daybreak enjoy betraying the trust of an entire community."
,Recommended,295110,14270799,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,MLGief,All the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t aside. Its Alpha.... that I paid for. I must be some kind of idiot to pay for it. For some strange reason I am having a good time.
,Not Recommended,295110,18921195,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,"Dwock ""The Wayne"" Rockson","Game crashes like my alchoholic father when he drives. Wanna play with friends, go ♥♥♥♥ yourself. Its impossiable to find people and if you party up in battle royale it crashes. Overall the game is glitchy as hell. 10/10 would want to get in a car accident with my drunk step-dad again"
,Recommended,295110,21087634,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Armin Only,"Best early access game ever, you can discover crafting. Runing zombies, difficult aiming, great weapons, some strategy etc. Shortly, it's including everything little bit. I'm absolutely recommending this perfect game. The only problem is optimization. I hope they'll fix soon :)"
,Not Recommended,295110,23243672,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,HavokTX,"HACK 1Z1 - Save your money!H1Z1 is riddled with HACKERS that make CHEAT programs for the masses. Many of which are created within tight knit cheating communities and those that sell the cheats.Put hours into the game - only to have it ripped away by cheaters in minutes.Currently the development team has been unable to make any major progress in addressing the cheating that takes place. This is an ""early release"" game that has been in development for over 17 months.Recently this game employed BattleEye but it only catches hacks after the damage has been done. The obfuscation offsets are found within minutes to just a few hours after every update. There is a serious lack of authoritative server-client architecture due to, what 'seems' to be, a focus on performance & the amount of players a server can hold while lacking detail to security.Let's pretend cheating is not an issue. The game is awesome! Sadly that is not the case. This game would have serious potential if the development team took serious measures to maintain the integrity of their game and company.**NOTE: This review is subject to change if things take a different direction. For now, my input remains solid."
76561198050546921,Not Recommended,295110,23426545,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Dont Kill Me,"This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ You literally do nothing in it. Probably the most boring game ever created. Also, hacks, hacks everywhere."
76561197960807645,Not Recommended,295110,25108905,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Azrael,"At first: This is meant to be a Zombie Survival Game. In a Zombe Survival Game, surviving against the zombies should be a dangerous task. But it isn't. Why?- Zombies are no danger at all. You can easily outrun any of them, and if you ""climb"" on a car, or a 12 inch (30 cm) high ground elevation (placed with a ""ground tamper""), they can't follow you. A 12 inch high pile of dirt is too much for the zombies!- Zombies spawn based on player activity. Sounds good at first, but does not work. If you run through a city to scavenge on a low population server, there are no zombies. On your way BACK, suddenly there are 30+ zombies, because they spawn behind you. And they spawn around your base, but CAN NOT ATTACK your base. If you log off and no other player is around, all zombies disappear and are gone when you log back in 2 minutes later.- You need to eat and drink, but you get enough from berry bushes to survive. You find a lot of stuff while scavenging.- If you build a base, which takes about 12 hours of gaming for a BIG base on an elevated deck foundation with bee boxes, water collectors, workbench, multiple rooms etc., you're through - that's all you can do.So what is this game about?If you play on a PvP server, you get attacked as soon as you're spawned. For most players, being ABLE to attack other players also means it is the ESSENCE of the game. So if you spawn next to another player, as soon as he finds his first stick, he will start beating you with it. No matter how many zombies are nearby - because zombies are no threat.If you play on a PvE server, you spawn, scavenge, build a base and you are done with the game. Takes less than 20 hours (alone! - a lot less if you are in a co-op group). After that you can go to other locations on the map and scavenge there, but you don't need to. The hospital and the military camp were nice locations to visit, but far less thrilling and dangerous than what we expected.- If you want just another PvP game, where you can buy a serious advantage with real money and shoot at everything that moves, than this might be the game for you.- If you are looking for a Zombie Survival Game (as defined above), don't buy it. This is FAR away from a multiplayer-version of State of Decay.IF you are looking for a good Co-Op Zombie Survival game with base building, have a look at ""7 days to die"", where Zombies can - and WILL - attack and damage your base to get you. We are also playing ""how to survive 2"", and it looks good so far.A special note on the developers:When the game was released as early access alpha, me and my clan mates (a group of ~10 ppl) bought it and started playing. We tried a few zombie games before (like Dayz SA) and were mostly disappointed, and we thought ""a big company like Sony has the money, endurance and experience to make a great game"" - and a few weeks later they sold the game to an investment company. They promised the engine could handle maps the size of north america (some reddit post if I remember correctly), but the new map will stay as small as the current one (FAR smaller than Dayz SA map). When they split the game into 2 different games, it was clear that they only focus on ""king of the kill"", because it generates a lot more income (buying weapons and stuff with real money) than ""Just survive"". So don't expect too much new content for this game in the future. It could be easy to make this a good zombie survival game, but they simply don't want it.Another note:Hundrets of players already abandoned this game. When it was launched, all servers were crowded with players. When looting in a city you met like 10-15 other players already looting the same city - and all zombies slayed. So they launched a bunch of additional servers, and those were also well-filled. In these days, we had won the war against the zombies, because there were so many survivors and so few zombies. But after the game was sold, development almost stopped, servers got empty, a high number of servers was CLOSED due to low polulation, and even now, on a saturday evening, there are like TWO! PvP Servers with high polulation, and most other servers - and all of the PvE servers - are empty.(Most of my hours played are on PvE-Servers, only a few hours on PvP-Servers)"
,Not Recommended,295110,31425877,Posted: 28 April,all,Xpander,"This game is a disaster, devs are the zombies in this game not the actual zombies in the game. 2 years game dev. not a single thing was updated, no new content nothing  .... just crates to waste money on. DISASTER !!!!"
76561198120341282,Not Recommended,295110,21469943,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Big Old Wrinkled D!ck,I used to like playing H1Z1 battleroyal! i had over 69 Hrs into the game. Now they split the game and i have to pay to buy battleroyal again to play it. What a load of♥♥♥♥♥♥!  I can't get my money bcak for a game I can't play anymore.
76561198032708407,Not Recommended,295110,21470944,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Chrono,"Was looking promising, then abhorrent business practices kicked in."
,Not Recommended,295110,21468831,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,BeestMode88,"I'm completely SHOCKED. --- NOT. Oh what do you know, another cash grab. Promised F2P -- Now: ""Oh btw our loyal customers, we lied - No more F2P. Please pay us moar."""
,Not Recommended,295110,21281791,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Hathe,"This is an early access game. With skins, keys, and tickets that you can purchase with real life money. There has been little progress with the actual game since early access release. To top it off, the game was originally announced to be free 2 play despite everyone paying a $20 entry fee for an early access game and this is now being split into 2 $20 games without the F2P option. Oh, and don't forget all the microtransactions on top of that.Playerunknown's battle royale addition to the game (which will be split into h1z1: King of the Hill) is quite fun, more enjoyable to me than the Arma III mod, but I still cannot recommend this game. This is just poor business practice. I hate to say it, but I miss Smedley."
,Not Recommended,295110,21282696,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Stasi,Remember when this was supposed to be free? Greedy devs.
76561198059162127,Not Recommended,295110,14754249,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Raxar,"This game has potential. Sadly, the only game mode that isint riddled with hackers and glitch exploiters is battle royale, which in itself is a decent game mode. However, the sheer lack of quality of the game itself makes even the last remaning playble game mode impossible to deal with. Anything you can imagine, be it lag, falling through the floor, rubberbanding, glitches, random crashes, you can find it all in H1Z1. Not to mention, the system to get into a battle royale match lacks all common sense. It requiers you to sit attentively at your computer and wait for a match to be completed and free up a server. Then and only then when you see the magic battle royale button appear you click it and hope that you somehow slip thorugh the cracks of this terrible piece of software and get to input a name for the server you are trying to join. If you somehow manage to spam a random assortment of characters that are not already in use, you then get the pleasure of loading into the game, another aspect that threatens a crash. Once you are in the lucky handful of players that make it into the actual server, you are dropped from the skies in a parachute. Once you are dropping, you have about a 5% chance to have a ""heart attack"" and disconnect. You will literally see the count of players alive dropping seconds after the round starts. For a game that hinges on survival skill and gunfighting, the actual gameplay is clunky and not up to par with a modern shooter. I know what you are thinking, its an early access alpha, of course it's going to have problems. I was also coaxed by that argument, and I ended up with a game that infuriates me more and more every time I play it. Most of the anger that this game produces isint because of the glitches or disconnects or any of the above, its because the game has so much potential that is being squandered. Even famous streamers have steadily stopped playing the game. Maybe in a few months if the game is by any accounts playable I willccome back to it, but for now I firmly don't reccomend coming near this game."
,Recommended,295110,14649890,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,JAWN_vanilla1337,I have seen BAD VIDEO REVIEWS for this game saying not to get alpha access and stuff. I still did get the access and DAYUM. Already played this GAME for more than a day and I am having fun. 9.5/10. Damn you BEARS!
76561198092025860,Not Recommended,295110,14765474,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,JumpingSumo,Save your money. It is a cheap copy of many other games.
76561198233362908,Not Recommended,295110,21517238,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,DANKEST FAPPER 3000,GUCK THIS GAME DONT BYE IT ALL THEY DO IS KILL U RIGHT WHEN U SPAWN
,Not Recommended,295110,21523306,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Deku,This game was fun last year but it's a HUGE waste of money now don't but this game you'll just waste your time and money!
,Not Recommended,295110,21530161,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Isime,This games has the most hostile gamining community i have ever seen.. PVP and PVE are equal in terms of how the people act torwads each other.. If you want to be a a$$hole to other players this is certainly the game for you..If you are looking for a game to play and have fun go somewhere else..
76561198171170811,Not Recommended,295110,24232076,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,The Heretic,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME! the developers are money grabbing terrible people! if you enjoy cancer buy this game! its the same thing
76561198004381587,Not Recommended,295110,34473788,Posted: 24 August,all,[HF] ReaperofGrim,"I want to say this game is good I really do but there are so many points that people point out that are so true about this game.1. There doesnt need to be a plot system to build bases, I mean who buys plots in a zombie apoc?2. The Map...I like change but when you remove a map completely and say your going to play on this even tho the maps not complete and not even 1/4 at that, people liked the old map I just cant see why there cant be 2 maps3. Combat is a ♥♥♥♥♥how in this game, zombies are unprodictible, Runners can phase themselfs and let bullets or arrows pass right threw them, and melee weapons all to the same damage. PvP combat is even worse at that, if you got a base and a car theres no need to shoot people just hit them-take there♥♥♥♥♥♥and run back to base thats PvP in a nutshell4. Plots and Vehicles - first and formost i remember that vehicles didnt loss 3% condition everytime you hit a zombie but in this game its ♥♥♥♥ing hard to try and keep a car in top condition, lets not forget the rarity it is to find one of these ""well built machines"" its like looking for a needle in a haystack if 50 other people are in the haystack and someone has the needle already. ♥♥♥♥ING PLOTS REALLY thats all i can say to that.Overall this game took a step backwards it wasnt good before but now its just bad and if they feel the need to just scrap and start over then make a new game dont ruin something that was already fine that needed more contentScore 5/10"
,Not Recommended,295110,27906199,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,ｍ　ｅ　ｔ　ａ,"Daybreak can make it so I can auto-repair my base, but they can't auto-repair their ♥♥♥♥♥♥ coding."
,Not Recommended,295110,24499358,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,ForgeMaster,"Originally there was a game called H1Z1 planned. It was expected to blow all other survival games out of the water. Then Daybreak decided they wanted money more than they wanted to accomplish their goals, so they abandoned the original game and went to work on the Battle Royale because they make more money off of it."
76561198110247342,Not Recommended,295110,19169415,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,NutssOnYourChin,Heaping pile of dog dog♥♥♥♥♥♥ i rather insert needles under my toe nails then play this garbage. Screw daybreak and any company who has the audacity to release garbage survial-cash grab games.
76561198208701436,Not Recommended,295110,19177415,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Joe,I CANT TALK TO ANYONE OR HEAR ANYONE AFTER I INSTALLED THE NEW UPDATE?!
,Recommended,295110,14020072,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,TEHiMAGNEX,G99 Simulator.
,Recommended,295110,14967510,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,schlagt die Bong,I do love this game.I hope many problem will be solved soon.
,Not Recommended,295110,21286754,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Rabid,"The game looked promissing from the start, plenty of future content and even hopefully a free to play option in the future.  But look at where we are now, not free to play, micro-transactions, TWO SEPERATE GAMES?  This is all un needed content that has already tainted the game just like Payday 2 and their dlc's.  They just constanly look for ways to screw us over in the end. Overall its not a bad game personaly but still, The amount of time they put into useless ideas the more time they could have spent improving the game as a whole. 0/10 for bad ideas and a waste of their money and ours."
,Not Recommended,295110,21302372,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,FehA',"after few years of development, game is complete crap, not working nearly as it should be, people dying randomly, getting oneshotted IN LEGS or ARMS! vehicles exploding while standing still... this game should not be released at all... they should shut the project down... took them 2 years to make a complete crap of uncompleted game.... worst money ever spent.... i regret it from day one.."
76561197985005072,Not Recommended,295110,21389468,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Kayox,"Daybreak is a♥♥♥♥♥♥dev ruining everything SOE had worked towards. The game is a buggy peice of garbage and apparently will no longer be free to play once out of early access. Game is dead, move on to something else."
76561198251380840,Not Recommended,295110,21377058,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,neewbshot282,"♥♥♥♥ this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ing game/company...dear daybreak, kys."
76561198087802358,Not Recommended,295110,21378335,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Shrek_is_Love,The developers of this game became really greedy. It was once one game for $20. And now they broke a game mode off of the original game to sell it for an additional $20. Dont support the greedy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s by buying it.
,Not Recommended,295110,21375780,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,SlobMyKnob420,"Game has microtransactions. Game has essentially doubled in price despite the lack of development. Spawned in, immediately killed by a flying man with a bow. These devs are cashing in on their ♥♥♥♥♥♥ alpha product and have made no progress in the ways of improving the game since its release."
,Not Recommended,295110,21303864,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,DEAD,Step 1: Find a fresh cat turdStep 2: Find dull knifeStep 3: Cut that turd in halfStep 4: Name one half H1Z1 Survival and the other half H1Z1 King of the HillStep 5: Resell those turds at full price eachStep 6: Sit back and watch Daybreak dry up faster then those cat turds on a cool autumn evening
,Not Recommended,295110,21323419,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Gossett,"Instead of making it a free to play as promised, they split their♥♥♥♥♥♥game into two games, making the original free to play, worth double what the alpha price was. 0/10 would not purchase even if on sale. Hell, I wouldn't even download if it was free to play.What I meant by doubled alpha price was; Game was 20$, they made the game into 2 games at 20$ each, if you were curious."
76561198128227883,Not Recommended,295110,21063488,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Salty,"THEY LIED TO US! Plain and simple they lied to all our faces.Daybreak/SOE:""No microtransactions! Only cosmetics upon release!"" -add airdrops and other microtransactions (LIE)""Will be pay for early access and then be a FREE TO PLAY GAME full release"" - seperated into two paid games (LIE)This game sucks. They havent even released a substantial update in months, all they do is have crate skin updates. Absolutely no focus on the survival game mode whatsoever, which is dying fast. Not one server for the survival game mode has even a high player count anymore. Sad. This company has lied to our faces and have been laughing all the way to the bank from the start. No better than Dayz in terms of a slap in the face."
76561198067266707,Not Recommended,295110,19171838,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,TakeDown,"This game when it first came out had so much hype around it. I wasn't interested at first but then watchign how much fun others were having on stream I had to try it out. I get the game and instantly have fun and team up in survival with a few strangers. Then battle royale became the next big thing where there was long que times and never really could get in one unless you were lucky. Things are different now since you get into one pretty quickly. The problem with this game is it's free to play model. I think since their BR is a big hit they are trying to focus on it and make skins for people to buy. I got into this game for the fun of survival but is starting to becom more and more non existant unless I just want to go kill others spawning in which gets boring pretty quickly. I'd rather this game be worth 15-25$ when its released and have cosmetics to buy afterwards kind of a similar way CS:GO works. In conclusion, if you were wanting something more survival based then minecraft provides more of a survival experience than this game does. I am not kidding the survival experience in this game is no existent and unmotiviating. BR gets old pretty quick especially with hackers/teamers running rampant. If you don't believe me then you can buy the game and see how fast this game gets old and get a refund. I do not recommend this game and regret buying a buggy alpha."
,Not Recommended,295110,19173219,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Marf,"Its very good game but a lot of hackers, if you want to play with hackers, get killed by them buy it, if you don't want to play vs hackers get killed by them DONT BUY IT. A lot of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ hackers."
76561198289002818,Not Recommended,295110,23385811,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Alex,"Do not buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥ You want to play? Or run all over the map on foot? Passes Wipe all server teem !! Two days passed and the silence ... And you come to play, Videsh skyscraper huge database! Well, I build my! But!!! Patrons do not have! no cars! A lot of running! Lots of! And who needs it? I do not recommend this game while it's in the development stage. Buy Rast !!)) There is a house! Teleport to the other. And many many others! And this game really bad guys !! (("
76561198074036236,Not Recommended,295110,34618769,Posted: 30 August,all,Amalurs,A joke.
76561197968080694,Not Recommended,295110,34590227,Posted: 29 August,all,Lonewolfea,"Loot system gone to hell, Building only on plots now, most of which are taken by now."
76561198170919701,Not Recommended,295110,14751792,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,SGT H4Dz,"Good game still has to many bugs for my liking. Spawning into a BR almost everytime im falling from the sky and im dead so i dont get to play the game I sat and waited for, also in the normal servers the gun spawns are not great and ammo is scarce. It does have its pluses,"
,Not Recommended,295110,14787816,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,SuicidalCereal,"I've Spent every hour that I've had this game trying to get into BR's, Thats 12 Phuuuuuking hours spent trying to play one of the main features of this game. Lets that sink in before you waste your money on this POS"
76561198152276011,Not Recommended,295110,14951748,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Berserk,bad  better to w8  full version .   do not buy  it now  !
76561198121287431,Not Recommended,295110,14752252,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,3hunna Bang Bang Sosa,i wish you could change the cross hair back to the dot
76561198009799171,Not Recommended,295110,14940485,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Digital Aura,"There's a million and one games like this now. This iteration is more boring than the average zombie/survival/multiplayer game.Pay2Win model isn't so bad in this one, but expect to be frustrated by it once it hits release. I'm guessing those of us who paid for Early Access are being given most things 'for free' at this point.Zombies are not scary, nor are they particularly harmful. Other players are scary. [cuz people are d!cks]I simply found myself frustrated with poor combat mechanics. Also, there's no incentive to invest into long term projects, like building bases. It's missing that Rust flair - the paranoia and the hope of finding respite and making a base. This game becomes more of a 'log in for an hour to wander around and hopefully kill before being killed'.meh.  Pass."
,Not Recommended,295110,14740000,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Akragard,"This game has an incredible amount of potential.  Untapped potential at this point, however.  This is a zombie apocalypse game where the zombies are no threat at all.  In fact, this is basically Call of Duty with base building and a couple zombies scattered around here and there.You should really only play this game if you enjoy having no interaction with other players besides killing each other.  But don't worry.  If you choose the PvE servers, you can tediously build a base and scavenge equipment from towns full of bases that block your entrance to most buildings.  PvE is even worse than PvP because, again, the zombies are no threat and neither are the players.I think that at some point this game will be fun, challenging and enjoyable, but right now it's boring as hell and often times frustrating.Update:  With the division of the games from one into two (Just Survive and King of the Kill) this game has taken a step in the right direction.  This will hopefully allow the survival mode of the game to move more into the realm that I wanted it to occupy.  It is the type of game where any encounter with another player should be rife with tension.  This dichotomy cannot be achieved if its just a run and gun kill fest.That being said, Just Survive needs to be given the same level of attention that King of the Kill has received.  There is a lot of potential still in this game.  It is still early access so there are going to be problems.Base building is probably at the forefront of what needs to be fixed.  It needs to be a lot more difficult to build an actual standalone base.  Instead, the game should focus on fortifying existing structures and forcing players to interact, ally or fight with other players.  In its best iteration, I can see groups of allies fighting in skirmishes with other groups instead of one on one killing on sight interactions.I still cannot give this game a recommendation at it's current price of $19.99, it is too expensive for an early access game with this many problems."
76561198182696434,Not Recommended,295110,14751590,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,cameronlovatt,"i bought h1z1 but I tried to play it and i think i need a 64 bit computer but i only have 32 bit, does anyone know how to help me get a refund???"
,Not Recommended,295110,14788260,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Vectorr,so many errors wtf
,Not Recommended,295110,14815468,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,ᴧו ᴋᴧᴘᴡᴎ,">250 in-game hours>Know most of the OP loot spawns>Know the map like the back of my hand>Gets banned for cheatingWhat the actual f**k game? I hope this is just a bug, because this is some bull s**t! I didn't pay for Early Access just to get f**king banned. Get your s**t together Devs."
,Not Recommended,295110,14832207,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Ronnoc,it says INput Signal out of reach i changed it to the right thing and it still soesent work
76561198074213869,Not Recommended,295110,14784835,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Simple Rick's,Game crashes are still a problem. I recently had my game crash and quitted the game for an hour or so. When I tried to log back on my character he was a fresh spawn! I'm about done with this game!
,Not Recommended,295110,14913712,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,EN,What a scam
76561197960666064,Not Recommended,295110,14843720,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,GrinR,"If you want a Zombie game, this is not it.  This is a PvP survival game just like Dust or DayZ where you will spend 99% of your time trying to stay alive while other players try to kill you.   The intro video is pure lies, because at no point are zombies a danger (if you even find them.)If you like/want a PvP MMO set in modern day post-apocalyptic setting, you'll probably love this."
,Not Recommended,295110,21305840,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,allyouneedisabby,"I cannot, with a clear conscious, give this game a good review. I enjoyed playing it, for sure. But the back-handed scieving done by the Dev team is unbelievable. I've never seen a game Dev team get so infatuated with fame and money that they go against everything that they said they would do just to make more money. You guys shot yourselves in the foot by splitting the game and charging double the original cost. Let alone the fact that it's never going to be free-to-play now. With all of your events and crates and twitch.tv support, you let it go to your head and you lost sight of what was important. Not going to lie, I'll probably still play, seeing as though I paid money for this stupid game and I don't want it to go to waste, but if I were to recommend whether someone new should buy this game or not, I'd say no 110%. Absolutely pathetic."
,Not Recommended,295110,21306345,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Darren Wilson,Wow they split it into two diffrent games what a cash grab. Also it is very boring. DO NOT BUY!!!
76561198064882635,Not Recommended,295110,21310313,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Pander,"Devs were like ""Lets take the game everyone paid for and take away the most popular game mode and make them pay for it ... again!"" Lets be honest ... how much has suvival really changed in a year, base buildling is still trash. #dontbuy #throwingarbageplz"
76561197972229164,Not Recommended,295110,21304354,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Rose,"To sum this♥♥♥♥♥♥up, it's basically them taking out a mode from the main game that was found popular and making it into a separate game.And... it's the same price as the full one, lol.That's a noob move!"
76561197973645321,Not Recommended,295110,21302489,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Supreme Hentai Spinner,this is the biggest peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥I hope Gaben shoves a crowbar up your♥♥♥♥♥daybreak go get AID's from magic Johnson
76561198168179374,Not Recommended,295110,21303953,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Svenny,no
,Recommended,295110,14509655,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Sara 🐈,I find this game superduper okey so far. Can't wait until it's done!
,Recommended,295110,14509664,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Lv1 Magikarp,"As it stands H1Z1 is a very playable early access survival game.I was heavily swayed NOT to purchase this game due to many reasons, the main one being the steaming pile of .. in my steam library called DayZ. Don't get me wrong, I love DayZ, but until they start fixing things it ain't getting touched, alpha or no alpha - They don't address issues.H1Z1 is very playable, loot works well in survival and the crafting is brilliant and to top it off zombies don't run through walls.The main selling point though has to be Battle Royale, this is a huge battle with guns in almost every house ready to be looted, eventually gas plagues the map and you have to head to a large safe zone...don't get too comfy though as this safe zone WILL get smaller...a lot smaller, every few minutes in fact.The safe zone works amazingly well and they are still working on making it perfect I believe as the last update changed it slightly so the gas moved faster and the circle change slightly different.Battle Royales are intense, fast paced PVP if you want it to be (Yes, there are cars dotted about!) or as a few have described it..Bush Simulator 2015. It comes down to personal preference how you play it, camp it out in a house or a bush and try to pick up some kills while moving to the safe zone or grab a car, gear up and go hunting!I managed to experiance a beauttiful win a few days ago after deciding to be nice and pick a couple of guys up, it was us 3 vs the world, they were even nice enough to die in order and let me take the winning loot.That brings me nicely onto loot actually, which also comes the paying aspect of the game when it comes out. As it stands there is no way this game will be Pay 2 Win as you only get clothes etc in the crates (crates, loot bags and things can be won in Battle Royale - BR will eventually cost tickets to enter which can be found in survival or be bought with cash but at the moment IT'S FREE AND YOU GET THE REWARDS)If H1Z1 stays how it is when it comes to these paying aspects of the game, for example no special over powered weapons only available via cash, then I have no doubt we'll be in for an interesting year or two (or maybe more, who knows) when it comes down to H1Z1 vs DayZ.Tl;Dr?At the moment: H1Z1 > DayzBattle Royales offers something newBattle Royales are FREE currently - WITH REWARDSSome players do restore your faith in humanityIntense PVP action.Bears that ♥♥♥♥ing chase you around supermarkets."
,Recommended,295110,14824972,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,TURBO,Pretty okay. Pretty okay. 8/10
76561197987261559,Recommended,295110,14507910,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Saviour,-Tried to run people over in car-Me and friend got out car to kill them-Other friend ran over our friend and the enemies stole our car-We became friends with enemy and had a road trip-Got shot by some randomer with arrow and blew upRIP Frenemies <3
,Recommended,295110,14514706,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Mad Influence,I enjoy just screwing around in this game much more then DayZ since most times when i die i can FIND WHERE I WAS in less then an hour. DayZ was very hard to figure out where u were but in this with the map being smaller makes it easier and alot more fast paced on those PVP servers. My big suggestion get some friends go into big pvp servers and listen for planes so u can steal peoples guns! its a blast when you hear them on the mic HEY DUDE STOP IT I JUST WA...NOOOO WHY DID YOU KILL ME YOU ♥♥♥♥♥♥!!! always makes me lol
76561198232495324,Not Recommended,295110,19212010,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,pomona products,"well besides all the hacker this game isnt worth the money !! its a $5 dollar game or lessyou ""ll send 3 hours finding stuff building , hunting , then walk outside your base and your died hacker used aim bot to kill you , and  take all your stuffboth me and my friend  are done with this gamethe game need to have better base protection from hackers !!!no i dont suck at the game and no im not complaining becuase i died the game fun until you come accross a hacker in every server you play !!!then its not worth playing because you dont want to put alot of time into the game  cuz the net time you go on youve been hackad or cheated"
,Not Recommended,295110,19214246,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Fogo,...
76561198072553720,Not Recommended,295110,19209940,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,John Madden,What is this....
76561198161506472,Not Recommended,295110,20395039,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,GekkoMoria,"totally ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t! I have already registed 3 accounts, none of them could work! I am still looking at the login-page with no method. I couldn't believe I have wasted 1.5 hour on this♥♥♥♥♥♥ 花了1.5个小时注册了仨账号， 没一个能用的，每次都告诉我有问题，有你奶奶个大鸡腿2017/1/2 updatetonight, as usaul, I just prepared to login the game and maintain the foundation. When I got in and stood on the deck, i found that my big metal gate and the small wooden gate were gone. My foundation stood there waiting for everyone come in and ♥♥♥♥ it. YES I built all the metal wall and also the upper wall. But they wont stop some cheaters from using plug to get in my home and explode my gate. all the things that I collected with my friends in the last month were gone. Oh, To be more precisely, almost all things except the foods and the binoculos.if you want to be happy, dont buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥if you want to avoid the cheaters, dont buy this.if you want to experience the apocalypse, buy 7days to die or anything else.if you want to work hard and ♥♥♥♥ed up by someone using the plug, do not miss this.千万别买 ，谁买谁傻逼，垃圾公司先是锁国区，锁你妈，一天到晚锁区不知道锁外挂。在屋子里蹲着被别人穿墙一枪爆头，玩你妈。基地盖了两层第二天上来一看门被炸没了，要是建筑这么不禁操那要这种模块干蛋？给他妈的挂逼收集资源？真的是谁买谁傻逼"
,Not Recommended,295110,20372774,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Peddah,"Poor SLI support because of the Planetside 2 engine, and the game just bored me in around 15 minutes.DayZ is better in my opinion, but the performance sucks hard."
76561198180943891,Not Recommended,295110,14922453,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,dot,"No tutorial, just thrown into the game without any idea of what to do, terrible game"
76561198154399544,Not Recommended,295110,15070404,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,crescentz,那啥。。能退票不。。。生存模式，新人如狗。。大逃杀模式，猥琐如神。找个草丛一蹲。。闭着眼睛进前10.。。或者拿喷子躲门后。。等别人开门就来一发。。咋说呢。。。生存模式真是有点坑。。半天遇不到个人，半天没点补给。。。从来没在生存模式摸过枪。。。出来就撕衣服，做弓箭。。然后被干，再respawn.说白了，生存模式想搞出一片天，要的时间太多，游戏内容本身又比较少，BUG又满地爬。玩着玩着就白屏了，我也不知道啥意思
76561198016824299,Not Recommended,295110,14752329,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,McDub,wouldnt recommend at this state
76561198008801306,Not Recommended,295110,14812008,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,RexXflash,"♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥game. The amount of time i spent to gear fully with tons of ammo and weapon just to get killed by a hacker. If they can't even program a anti hack into the server then there's literally no point in playing this game. Worst of all the hacker don't get banned sense apparently the developers don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥As that isn't bad enough people are trigger happy and ends up killing everyone on sight. What happend with trying to punish those people? Just don't spend money on tis game trust me,you'll regret it like me."
76561197971290497,Not Recommended,295110,14981222,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,voodoolynch187,Even if there were not any hackers this game is a pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Buy 7 days to die instead
76561198075803843,Not Recommended,295110,14746955,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Ghost,This game is a PVP only no one is friendly!
76561198087718160,Not Recommended,295110,14999753,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,SpookySchu,just bad...
76561198134950090,Not Recommended,295110,14786838,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Lourde,"the game is good, but the this hackers is everywhere and my game crash simultaneously in gun fights so its a NO."
76561198119857865,Not Recommended,295110,14812450,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Callum the hacker,its not good because it crashes but its an good game tho
76561198015781151,Not Recommended,295110,14829265,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,GoodwenRus,"I bought H1Z1 Premium Edition early access to the game. Alpha test. Paid for the product for the test, but now I was banned! Perhaps because of departures may by mistake, but I do not have access! How Come? My question is not answered! Please return the money for early access, because I do not play. Within 10 days, I will be forced to sue!"
76561198159016384,Not Recommended,295110,14845347,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Dpes$0,very upset with this game i would like my money back but i would still like access to your alpha game
,Not Recommended,295110,14738162,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Eun,"1/10 constant crashed and most of the time pressing tab wont even work, untill fixed wouldnt recomend this game to anyone."
76561198089091260,Not Recommended,295110,14742855,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,menotalk,pay $20 and can't even create an account :/ can't even create a temp account to use the ticket system either...
,Not Recommended,295110,14746845,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Archon,"as it stands right now, I cannot endores this game. I absolutely love it and is a ton of fun, however there are to many ""clans"" of people who hoard all the cars, shoot on sight, and build gates to block you from your own bases. Not to mention all the hackers. Once there is a fix for all of this then I will change my review because I really do like this game"
76561198083382001,Not Recommended,295110,14853663,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,WMDeeZ,"This game is prime example of the issues surrounding Early Access titles in general.  The developers have a little too much faith, or naivete, in the player base to make an educated decision and understand exactly what Early Access entails.Be that as it may, the game is full of hackers and makes playing the game completely pointless.These issues take time to work out, so I suggest you wait till the game is ready for Beta release.  I feel a closed alpha would have benefited us all much better.  At least they'd be able to control the hackers."
76561198097560572,Not Recommended,295110,14786557,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,The Milkman,"Gameplay is average, cant play battle Royale"
76561197995686425,Not Recommended,295110,14740392,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,DeWOLFIndustrial,"♥♥♥♥ this game, if it realy CANNOT run on a 32bit os say that first. Bigest waist of $20 in my life, and the bset part, i can't get a refund YAY!!!! (sarcasum)"
,Not Recommended,295110,21077332,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Gel-O,"hey lets make it free to playhey lets actually not.hey lets make it $20 (not too bad)hey lets never address the decent amount of bugs and hackers in our gamehey lets completely abandon half of our gamehey lets make it 2 completely separate games that will be $20 each and continue to stay in ""Early Access""inb4 H2Z2 DLC COMBO PACK gets released.9/10 pranked me good."
,Not Recommended,295110,34615881,Posted: 30 August,all,Raczacy,This game WAS fun before split. Now is full of shieet. Do not touch it.
,Not Recommended,295110,34518350,Posted: 26 August,all,Jew_On_A_Loo,just because the devs keep changing the name of the game doesn't mean more people are going to buy it lmao
76561198114948877,Not Recommended,295110,34690498,Posted: 2 September,all,Craiized,"Its been over a year, maybe two since ive last played this game. I completely forgot the main reason I quit playing to begin with, and that is because they removed the resolution in which I play the game (1360X768) xD.... I play on an actual TV.... Can I have my money back for this pitiful ""early access"" game since I literally cannot play it now?? Like, wtf..........."
,Not Recommended,295110,34727953,Posted: 3 September,all,Dirty Dan,"There is so much wrong with this game. For starters: Badwater Canyon. Badwater is a really bad map, It needs big cities almost like pleasant valley from the old version of H1Z1:JS and also you first spawn in a military base, which players will wait for you to come out and then they will shoot you. In the case they don't, Don't even try looting, the zombies will come after you faster than your dad banged your mom. It as also virtually impossible to find guns in this game, and if you do, you are lucky to have even 3 shots in it. The badwater canyon map should not be, or if it stays they should at least have the old map as an option too. Long story short: your $20 is better spent on some anime game."
76561198149372240,Not Recommended,295110,34598471,Posted: 29 August,all,BlueEnergy,cant even find things to craft cant eeven get cloth its so dumb
,Not Recommended,295110,34665883,Posted: 1 September,all,G4RT,"Somehow I forgot to write a review in 2015, where I wanted to mention how good this game was and how successfully it started from nothing. Unfortunately, the game should be called Just Casino, where it's only you, your wallet and DayBreak cases. Sad, but true!"
76561198206024917,Not Recommended,295110,35005130,Posted: 16 September,all,saifgaming666,"When did i buy this, it says i have 7 hours"
76561198002721740,Not Recommended,295110,23245598,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,gunhand,"Had such high hopes for this game and it gets to a point when you realize the devs have left it behind. The just survive portion was the part I was truly excited for, well it was filled with hackers. So then you get to the King of the Hill portion and it was great, yeah you would get frustrated beyond belief but then you would always come back and play. However it gets to a point when nothing is getting updated nothing changes, hackers are getting worse and you just cant bring yourself to play it anymore. Also when they split the gamemodes up and charged 20 for each that is completely ridiculous. Save your money."
76561198038285669,Not Recommended,295110,35047246,Posted: 18 September,all,Cybersoul,heavy fps drops every 3 sec not playable
,Not Recommended,295110,28627903,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Blaze2Accurate ♛,I QUIT MY JOB TO SCRAP METAL FOR MY CL4N AND NOW THE GAME IS DEAD OMG I WANT A REFUND THIS GAME IS COMPLETE TRASH LULKVVFNGFF
76561198369353045,Not Recommended,295110,34279887,Posted: 16 August,all,bao-bao,更新毁了游戏
,Not Recommended,295110,14749352,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Montana!,I have absolutely nothing positive to say. There is nothing extraordinary about this zombie/survival game versus any of the others out there. I have not been so entirely bored by any game in a long time....I am baffled  by the fact that people are still playing it.  The only reason I am not demanding my money back with an apology for wasting my time (ha ha ha) is because I didn't do any research before making the purchase so I'll take my responsibility and the $20 loss. Bottom line is- free is too much for this sad excuse for a video game.
,Not Recommended,295110,19093193,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Mr Zkaar,"Bought the game to play survival. There is a gem of a game in there which is very very enjoyable. Unfortunatley it's spoilt by too much focus on milking cash and Battle Royale.Could be the perfect Survival game if they focused on that instead.Update: December 2016 - It's still ****, infact it's got worse. Avoid at all costs.Update: September 2017 - OMG, what have you done. You took a flawed game with potential if you got your act together. Scrapped the hole thing and replaced with the biggest pile of crap I've ever played.You people have no clue on how to make a game."
76561198365026830,Not Recommended,295110,34378146,Posted: 20 August,all,Deanos2009,this game used to be so fun now i cant play the strong holds are so bad u are better off keeping ur loot in a stash they are harder to raid bring back z1 PLEASE!!!!!!!!!!
76561198082713895,Not Recommended,295110,20032208,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Shreddy,Do you feel like been f$%ked around for several hours trying to make the game actually work? well h1 is for you.
,Not Recommended,295110,20157322,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,brax,It's sad to even call this a real game. It's not even worth the $10. The gameplay is terrible on every server. You can't shoot a gun without it feeling like you have 500 ping. Wouldn't play again
,Not Recommended,295110,34269105,Posted: 15 August,all,PickleFISH96,This game is never going to finish as a good game. Do not buy.
76561198090461317,Not Recommended,295110,34269665,Posted: 15 August,all,"Davinator, Something",new update legit killed it for me.  i was just getting into it with a friend. and now dont even want to play this anymore.  Thanks........
,Not Recommended,295110,34354491,Posted: 19 August,all,..Havoc..,Absolute waste of time daybreak have ruined this game RIP JS. over a 1000 hrs in and im now looking for a new game
,Not Recommended,295110,34927436,Posted: 13 September,all,Osama Bin Ballin,Don't buy this. Daybreak gives no ♥♥♥♥s about the community that paid for the game even before they split it in two which was just ♥♥♥♥ing slimy
,Not Recommended,295110,34319774,Posted: 17 August,all,Smoked Bastard,"Can i presonally slap developers ??? Guys that game was on start playable with Future of highter ground. But you just take money as small child and leave potencinally good game to the thrash like today. Separated to two bigger shaits. I play that game on start, then i leave and no reason to go back.Slap, Slap, Slap"
,Not Recommended,295110,34331483,Posted: 18 August,all,Ross xd,"Has LITTERALLY 10 lagspikes in the space of 20 seconds, and it doesn't have towns or cities. I have a 1050 TI 4GB btw"
76561198226999084,Not Recommended,295110,34350029,Posted: 19 August,all,jon snow,no word.
,Not Recommended,295110,21199767,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,小马哥MaGD,"Just want give u a 'Suck"", Ooooooops."
76561198012186918,Not Recommended,295110,18899133,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,claran,"I cannot recommend this game to anyone in good conscience. It is horrifically buggy, I've owned for several months and the problems that plagued it months ago still plague it.If it works, fun game. 80% of the time the game crashes, you can't open your inventory, or you get stuck at the loading screen forever.I get that it's early release, but a ridiculously slow pace at fixing bugs causes me to not recommend this game or anything from this game studio."
76561198011778472,Not Recommended,295110,18903655,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Dralnu,"I thought this game is going to be a blast. The game was developed very well, untill i realized DBG, were lying about it and went for easy br cash, which doesn't even include content updates to br. The game is still crashing constantly, a lot of previous patch bugs appeared once more. The new content doesn't seem to be comming soon. NOT RECOMMENDED FOR NOW."
,Not Recommended,295110,18901088,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Beefy ✞,"Dont waste your money, wait until they actually hold on to the promises they make. read the subreddit and you will understand :)"
76561198035611997,Not Recommended,295110,18901203,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,BoBLoNG,I want my money back!
,Not Recommended,295110,31372764,Posted: 26 April,all,Krushalotapus,They practically abandoned this to work on the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ spinoff. Shame on you DB.
76561198212153392,Not Recommended,295110,34266311,Posted: 15 August,all,crew3down,"New update just killed the game.. Was better in the first month of release than now. Wish i could go back and still play it in the first 3 months it was released, the game was so good back then."
76561198106088401,Not Recommended,295110,24576395,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,WanderingNomad,"bought this game when sony owned it, these money hungry turds have ruined the game countless times with these bs crates and NOTHING NOTHING NOTHING done about the rampant hackers running free and unchecked since this game was sold to gamebreak studios i wouldnt be surprised if they were the ones selling t5ghe hacks to their own game"
,Not Recommended,295110,35104787,Posted: 21 September,all,Mark,"Bad, Updates are terrible, and they dont understand what needs to be fixed and what doesn't."
,Not Recommended,295110,24670241,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,teabagjohn,"""Just survive"" is a bad name for a bad game.Daybreak is a company that over promises but under delivers. ""We will create our own version of the United States with thousands of players on the same map."". 1.5 years later we still have a small map without any sort of details and the same low player count. There are some zombies and wildlife but everything feels so static and boring.This game wanted to be the ultimate survival MMORPG yet it is even worse than most games in the genre. DayZ for example has a certain feel to it, it is realistic and the world is dark and grim. In H1Z1 I feel like I walk through a zombie apocalypse from a Disney family movie. The game feels so cartoony, clean and fake.I get this feeling almost everytime I do anything in this game. Driving feels weird, the animations look ugly, the sounds are okay at best, the world has no detail, the houses look the same, zombies are no threat, shooting feels strange... I could go on but I hope you get my point. This is game will not give you the feeling DayZ mod once gave you. This game grabs a few ideas from other survival games here and there and puts them all together. In the end you get a game that is very mediocre and does nothing really well. Every corner of this game feels unfinished or rushed.Don't buy this one. Put it on your wishlist and take a look at it again once it is officially released."
76561198053698100,Not Recommended,295110,24796971,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Step2797-CSGOEgg.com,What once was a great game now is a piece of shi* almost impossible to find loot hardly any zombies spawn it just sucks now another game that i invested to early into
,Not Recommended,295110,25319031,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,lokomoko,"Play for 5-6 hours, gather a ton of ammo, guns, backpacks, armour, etc., win a few fights against players, and log off feeling accomplished and happy after having a few hours of fun.Log back in the next day, fall through the floor and lose everything. 10/10 game"
,Not Recommended,295110,34266844,Posted: 15 August,all,☺C0MB4T☺,was looking through my library and found this game i never bought it it isnt in my purchase history it just showed up lol but yes this game is ♥♥♥♥ing trash
,Not Recommended,295110,34512647,Posted: 26 August,all,LcplReaper,"With all the negativity surrounding this game since the update and all the bad reviews its getting you would think Daybreak would get the hint and go back to the old version and continue focusing on that. But since this is not the case and the game has gone completely to♥♥♥♥♥♥I have to say im disappointed and would never recommend this game to anyone. Save your money people this game is no longer worth it, Would ask for a refund but because i put so many hours into a game i thought was going to be good now its to late dont make the same mistake i did.PS. Daybreak the people have spoken and this game is garbage bring back the H1Z1 we all know and love!!"
76561198110112170,Not Recommended,295110,34681899,Posted: 2 September,all,ThatGuyStu,"Had this game since before it split into two. Was sooo much better back then, i can't stress how disinterested Daybreak is with its playerbase. Bugs are never fixed, and if they are, its only after months and months. Then these fixes create new bugs, these developers never test anything.Please for the love of god do not support these ****** developers by buying this game. For the lack of interest the develpoers have, the game shouldnt even be up for sale, let alone on Steam at all."
,Not Recommended,295110,35074865,Posted: 19 September,all,Maddog316uk,"After trying out the new map and the rubbish you now have to do i really can not recommend wasting money on this game in its current state. When now have games like Ark and Conan Exiles that feel more like the old map of H1Z1 Just Survive and they kind of have a better building system, i guess we will never know why Daybreak Games decided to change Just Survive to what it is now but i do hope they bring back the old map or give people the option to play the new map or the old map."
,Not Recommended,295110,35125512,Posted: 22 September,all,Zedco,Just ♥♥♥♥ this game
,Not Recommended,295110,34267961,Posted: 15 August,all,TwoDemons,"♥♥♥♥ You And ♥♥♥♥ Your Stupid Update , ♥♥♥♥ing Idiots"
76561198018130792,Not Recommended,295110,34564888,Posted: 28 August,all,SirLexon,False promises and not listening to players. A refund should be available to all users who believed and was let down.
76561198039433081,Not Recommended,295110,34696976,Posted: 2 September,all,LÛIKé ツ,The game is ruined these days.
,Not Recommended,295110,34856234,Posted: 10 September,all,Lobokendo,"I used to like this game.  And now I don't.  I didn't change, the game did.I'm not going to make claims about bad devs or something.  It's a business and when it was clear King of the Kill made them more money, of course they'd focus on that.  Now PUBG is a thing and the only ones loyal to the game in its first itteration have been ostrisized.This is how you kill a game."
,Not Recommended,295110,35232035,Posted: 26 September,all,peanut,"I bought H1Z1, but then once the devs got enough money they changed the name and went on a completely different path.  Don't buy this. Just like H1Z1 this might not even be the same game in your library by next year."
76561198079066715,Not Recommended,295110,34671650,Posted: 1 September,all,Emo barney,"Before the update the game was great, kindof like a dayz with a better engine. man i used to love this game. now the game has gone to♥♥♥♥♥♥ i dont care about a wipe and me sucking at combat, what i do hate now its now has STORES!!!!!!! OMG just why????????the game was great i loved it like how it was before the update now its stores, plots just revert!!!!!! no one likes the new update."
76561197963859335,Not Recommended,295110,35114977,Posted: 21 September,all,KalamTheKazooist,"I liked this game better when it was h1z1 just survive, i would've given this game a 9/10, but now its a 1/100."
,Not Recommended,295110,20049569,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Kota,"Pros:-Fun if you have lots of friends-Can shred your pants for cloth and get chased by wolves foreverCons-Devs mostly focus on Battle Royale and not the core game-Hackers everywhere, no security protection aside from manual reporting-Almost no interaction in PVP servers; it's kill on sight or be killed on sight-PVE servers get boring quick-Loads of microtransactions-Updates are far and few, and when they come it adds very littleHonestly, I got my money's worth and enjoyed the game for what it was. But it didn't take long to realize the core game wasn't going anywhere for quite a long time (I didn't buy it for BR), and after having my base constantly noclipped/raided, it got stale quickly. If you don't mind throwing down $20 bucks (or get it on sale), then I'm sure you'll get your money's worth as well, but if you are expecting an awesome zombie sandbox mmo, this isn't it."
76561198121766077,Not Recommended,295110,19817678,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Snoozin,"Honestly, this game has had its fun times, but with the amount of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that happens on Battle Royal and Survival, may not be worth it. Hacks still ruin this game on any mode, and there doesn't seem to be anything being done about it."
,Not Recommended,295110,30711548,Posted: 24 March,all,SamuelsoN,This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ don't buy it. When they announced the game it looked promesing... But later they went from a survival game to a battle royale game....  Left the survival part of the game broken and ♥♥♥♥♥♥.... still is... Don't buy it. Period.
76561198052173211,Not Recommended,295110,14936929,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,GoHusky,"really disappointed.At first this game seemed really attracting when I watched other people playing on it Twitch. So i bought it.But since then, i've never able to even get into the game.(No responding after I click ""play"" on launchpad, and a few seconds later it just disappears)I tried solve the problem by myself, using all the possible solutions provided by them on the troubleshooting page. Still it didn't work. Then I tried to ask for technical support, got their reply after an ENTIRE week, where they just copy pasted the exact stuff from their webpage. They didn't even look at the file I attached to which was about my internet config.Looking for a way to get refund, guess i'll start from writing this bad review."
,Recommended,295110,29060492,Posted: 6 January,all,Bot Poco,"First time playing Just survive-Spawned-ran around looting for one and a half hours-Met a man named BlackJesus-Black jesus and I formed a nice friendship-together we looted and saved a fresh spawn-we gave the fresh spawn a water bottle for his adventure ahead-We watch our young lad run of into the sunset ready to take on the world-seconds later jesus and I hear gunshots-Fresh spawn was killed-In pure anger and emotional rage jesus and I shot and killed the two sick ♥♥♥♥s that killed fresh spawn-From the emotional damage of our son being killed only minutes after being brought into this server jesus turned on me-jesus shot at my chest but he wasnt accurate enough, I turned towards him with my shotun in hand and blasted him to the next ♥♥♥♥ing generation-jesus died-In a sever where my son and bestfriend died-I committed suicide (By continuously jumping off a bridge for a solid two minutes)10/10 would meet a man named jesus and kill myself again"
,Recommended,295110,14007087,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,paska,"The game itself is solid, for Early Access. Everyone complaining and giving a negative review probably didnt even get in game. The complain about it being ""p2w"" even though having a gun =/= skill. It is an early access alpha, so of course there is problems. It is day 1 and login issues are the only legitimate complaint a person can have. They have been updating social media with progress made fixing it. Anyway, about the gameplay. Its fun, the world looks amazing. The zombies are difficult, which I love. All the buildings are enterable, and plenty of places to loot. I will say I did find a few guns, but ammo was scarce. It runs smooth, no stutter. I would absolutly recommend this to anyone that is a fan of zombie survival as long as you actually understand what early access/alpha means. If you dont want to deal with the problems that come with it, jsut wait until the game is released as it will be free."
,Not Recommended,295110,34296866,Posted: 16 August,all,yutt,Game was abandoned early in development.
76561198025512390,Not Recommended,295110,21303977,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,happyskeg,"Got banned, no idea why.Didn't cheat or use hacks, if i did i would say fair enough."
76561197966298877,Not Recommended,295110,35020847,Posted: 17 September,all,Tigger,They destroyed the game - old Version was just 10 times better
76561198010065210,Not Recommended,295110,34719393,Posted: 3 September,all,Windows7,What? Why is this still terrible.
76561198203599104,Not Recommended,295110,34717809,Posted: 3 September,all,[AK] WillyBoy,this game is bad optimised. and this game is really bad btw. DONT. JUST DONT buy it.
76561198074634398,Not Recommended,295110,34725561,Posted: 3 September,all,Str8reapin,Garbo
76561198204889489,Not Recommended,295110,34784176,Posted: 6 September,all,Bryson H 407,When I purchased this game aprosimitly two years ago I would have said that this was by far one of my favorite games. This isn't even the same game that I purchased two years ago. I would argue that I am entitled to a refund. The devlopers hadn't released much of any updates over the course of those two years and that didn't bother me that much as other than the bugs I felt the product was very good for an early access game. It seems completely insane to me to completely scrap a very large map in turn to chnage to an incomplete map thats maybe an 8th of the former map size. But now the logic of the game seems to be gather loot sell it to some guy at a millitary base to earn money to buy land from same said man? In what survival game does any of this make any sense at all. The former game should have remained the same and the newly updated game should be a seperate game.
76561198183720294,Not Recommended,295110,35426926,Posted: 2 October,all,Fake Niko,bad
,Not Recommended,295110,35401612,Posted: 1 October,all,the Sweet Lou,"I made a pretty long video about why I backed away from this game after playing 550+ hours on the survival mode, with an additional handful of hours on the test servers and KotK.TLDR- the game has been neglected for quite a while, and with the latest changes, it has become the antithesis of a survival experience. Bases can only be raided during certain times, there's a safe zone where you can't fight anyone, melee combat is still just as messy as it used to be.I first grabbed this game in 2015. While the map has been updated, the lingering issues with early builds have never been addressed. And with no estimate towards when the game will leave alpha, I can't in good conscience recommend this game to anyone.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q5_VOeofnHw"
76561198136960974,Recommended,295110,14802934,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,CJayKing,"1. connects2. drops3. connects4. glitches5. connects6. spawns7. hears car running8. runs, stops looks and listens9. cars not chasing....where is it10. sees kitted man running to his car.11. beats kitted noob to his car12. noob left sparkplugs and battery in it...13. drives off14. noob shoots...and being noob most miss15. drives past mob of angry hillbillies that shoot my car16. finds bear...hits bear...doesnt stop and drives off cliff...17. repeat...17/17 would base jump with in car with dead bear again."
,Not Recommended,295110,19971906,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,DiscipleK,h1z1 is now a cash cow for skins and its not even about survival servers anymore alls it is about is battle royale.
76561198087574916,Not Recommended,295110,17639070,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,MambaXStorey,sucks. waste of money
,Not Recommended,295110,18923658,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Icequibe,It's a hard choice to pick yes or no. But the reason i picked no was because the constant game breaking bugs. Expected in a Early Acess But even DayZ wasnt this bad and thats saying someything. Still good game to play and also fun. Survival is boring but Battle Royale is AWESOME!!!But i had to get refund due to not being able to play. Also Daybreak is getting flooded with emails like these and only few get replies so dont trust the support there.BUY FOR GAMEPLAY BUT ITS YOUR OWN RISK!!!
,Not Recommended,295110,19452504,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,BurnInMyL1ght,"Dont buy this if:1: You are looking to play a zombie survival game.2: If you dont have friends to play with.3: If you are looking for a game with  serious developers backing it up.Buy this if:1: You enjoy the idea of battle roayale games.2: Have atleast 2 friends to play with if you play this game alone you will die from boredom,A shame though the game had big potential to become something great too bad it has ♥♥♥♥♥♥ money grabbing developers backing it up.Rating: 6/10"
,Not Recommended,295110,19447479,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Zach (>_<),♥♥♥♥♥♥ GAME AND A WASTe OF MY MONEY
76561197961315113,Not Recommended,295110,21139432,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Iskai,"It's early access and it shows. That said, I expected better from an experienced developer such as Daybreak."
,Not Recommended,295110,14013584,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Mr Speaker,Unplayable at first. Now that I can connect to a server and wait for a spot. After waiting 45 minutes to connect to a server the game crashes. And now I find out I cant connect to any server. The game at the moment is awful and I would reccomend not buying this game for a while.
,Not Recommended,295110,31211994,Posted: 17 April,all,Scoopy,i dont enjoy
,Recommended,295110,15757560,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Ayalieve,"Run into a lot of glitches as most players will say. Encountered a lot of griefing, especially in PVP, which should always be expected. But I have enjoyed playing this as long as I have. It's very fun to play with friends. Taking a break for a little while. The bugs do cause you to get a bit frustrated but, once you get the hang of the game, it's not so frustrating.Edit:I do have a few problems with the other reviews that say ""don't waste your money."" Early Access Alpha's aren't meant to ""waste"" your money. The money goes towards the development of the game. When you depict the element of this game being a ""waste"" and discouraging other players from buying the game, it will never be fixed. I honestly enjoyed this game very much. It's build elements are very nice; they did increase the zombie threat(whether it was to much or not)...When I buy an Early Access Alpha anywhere, not just on steam, I make sure I do my research on gameplay(youtube, twitch ect.) I always think of these games as a risk and I try to make that risk as low as possible. Pursue these games as an advent. It may or not get better, but it's only $20.00."
,Not Recommended,295110,24661874,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Scorch,"Daybreak took the game I bought, broke it in two, made me sign in with my account, NO PROBLEM. BUT when I sign in to the game, it opens up a page on my web browser that informs me that I havent bought the game on this account. So I contact support, waste an hour of my life on this♥♥♥♥♥♥game only to be told the exact quotes ""I cannot help you with this problem"" by Daybreak support.   WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ IS THE SUPPORT FOR IF NOT TO HELP ME PLAY THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME?This was a♥♥♥♥♥♥game before they split it, its a♥♥♥♥♥♥game after they split it, the support is almost, ALMOST as ♥♥♥♥ing aids as the people that play it. I wish I could get my ♥♥♥♥ing money back... but I cant refund because its 2 seperate games now... ♥♥♥♥ you daybreak. I hope this game gets worse reviews than BAD RATS░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░▄ h1z1 ░░░░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░"
76561198065093476,Recommended,295110,30220130,Posted: 27 February,all,Goop,"This game is excellent. Despite all the neglected maintenence/updates and how the priorities are run as if TmartN was the president of DayBreak by valuing cosmetics over development, I still love it. I enjoy this game because of the ANGRY environment. For instance, how people still talk sh!t even after you destroy them, I LOVE it. I could listen to it all day! I rate this game 10/10 because I haven't made people rage this hard since Modern Warfare 2 and it makes me happy :D"
76561198073735465,Recommended,295110,14357635,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,stunt man is [Läzy],"PvEI love everything about the game except the energy and the hydration meter. They tend to go down quickly, and you are constantly looking for food and water. I wish they slow it down a bit. That's why I build my shack on the river, so I always have abundant supply of water. I play on PvE, so I don't have to worry about getting killed by a player. The game is fun, but they keep wiping off the servers clean because it's still in it's early phase. All the progress I had in the game just vanished. If you want to play this game wait till it's out of early access phase, and by that time they will probably have fixed all the bugs. It's more fun if you have a group of friends playing together.Edit: 2/26/2015The hydration and the energy meter is a whole lot better now. No complaints on that section. The servers have been wiped twice now and the game fixes are going in a good direction. After playing 43 hours, I have found 1 corn seed and 0 wheat, rest of the items seem ok to find except car parts, which also seem to be somewhat rare. I planted that corn seed and watched my plant grow right in front of my eyes, and picked one whole corn from the plant- 10/10.I don't know if the bears can still pass through the walls to kick your butt hard enough to kill you in two hits, I haven't tried that in a while and don't plan on trying anytime soon; It wasn't pleasant. People can't get inside your foundation anymore by placing items such as furnace, thanks to the update. Remember that some of the items placed in PvE is almost indestructible, so plan properly on where to place them. Although i mentioned earlier to wait till it's out of the early phase to get the game, I think the game is playable now by a lot. Get that early phase experience and get ready to kick newbies butt when the game launches. GG and Happy Gaming."
,Recommended,295110,14474413,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,baradieL,"This game is on Early Access and it's not bad at all, It has its bugs and glitches but they have been fixing them, I also see constant steam updates about H1Z1, that's what I like about Early Access games, I don't see that much hackers around though, I've seen them, but it's rare to see, hope it stays like that. And yeah, the Air Drops make this game Pay To Win, It would be awesome if they removed the Air Drops from being purchased, just give Air Drops to people that have played this game for a good amount of time or just make it a really rare thing to get. But please remove the P2W off this game. This game is heading to a good direction but Air Drops could destroy it in the future. I recommend it just because you can still enjoy the gameplay even though the Air Drops are purchasable you don't get so many players with a lot of guns in the Medium Servers. ALSO, play with a Friend, when I started playing this game, I was alone and I didn't have anyone to play with, I still don't, but I have some friends that could play with me, I mostly play Battle Royale, it's the best way to PVP so far."
76561198135544415,Not Recommended,295110,21150407,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,RabbitDarko,"I had a real review for this game, very detailed, But then something bad...very bad happened. I will be breif. I personally like this game. I really do, I want it to succeed. I want it to be the dayz killer. And in ways, it really is a cool game. I love the survival and I love the battle royale. They do feel like 2 completely different games, both good. The shooting aspect needs some work. but its actually a really fun game to me. So those that look at my hours and see a thumbs down need to know that I do like it, and I will keep playing it, even after my negative review. So whats the problem you ask?Its the developers I have problems with. I personally feel lied to, good game aside.1. This game was promised as free to play when it leaves alpha. They changed their minds this month. Is that a big deal to me, someone who bought it? Nah, But its not about me. That alone would upset me for other players. Now to add insult to injury they want to charge you guys DOUBLE what I paid for it. How does a game go from free to double the cost? NUTS!!!  Disclamier: I dont think its a bad idea to have 2 seperate teams working on 2 seperate modes of a game. Maybe survival will get the attention it deserves now. But to charge more??? kill yourself!  They sold over 1 million copies of this game in the first 3 months.2. Going back on your word, as mentions in number 1, worries me that a 2nd promise will not be fulfilled (this is only speculation) And that promise was a MASSIVE Map. This games map is 8x8km. Arma 3's map is 270sq Km or something. They said it would bigger then that...yet Not 1km of map has been added. Maybe its the last thing they do, Or maybe they never do it at all. I will tell you this, visiting the same 3 cities over and over and over and over gets boring when you get to as many hours as I have. So its a concern for me. All they have to do is say, Oh well we are daybreak not sony, we didnt make that promise they did, and bam they are off the hook.3.  Lastly I want to smack the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of everyone complaining about micro transactions. Would you like to know what those actually are? OK. SKINS!!!!! Thats it!!!! Why do you care if someone pays money to have a cool hat? How does that effect you? Are you a hater?? Its all COSMETIC ONLY. So what do you care if someone wants to take their hard earned money and buy a cool shirt or hat for their little character? quit being ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. That is NOT pay to win. That doesnt hamper gameplay. People complaining about what I do with my money. ""microtransactions in an alpha, that disturbs me"" What better time to make money when your actually developing a game??? Did you ever think that me buying a hat might pay for the time it took to add an extra gun into the game for all to enjoy? Of course you didnt. There is ZERO pay to win.Anyway thumbs down devs for being liars, and being money hungry trying to rip off players coming into the game later then the rest of us. Pretty sure you shot yourself in the foot with this one. So yes this a fun game, and NO I would not recommend it solely based off of their tactics on selling it. And hell I even defended microtransactions. But I already paid my money, and so Im going to keep playing. But its shady, and it concerns me."
,Recommended,295110,14164845,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,KEKSKLAUER,"The first thing what i have to say is, this game is NOT a Pay2Win Game!You can buy with REAL-Money:-Airdrops-Event Ticket's (for Battle Royal, but you can find this ingame too)-Case Key'sThe Airdrop cost's 5€ and can be used if 150+ Players in the Server.The Airdrop include food, medical stuff, ammo and Weapon's, beware! It's rare to get a Weapon or ammo!----For a Early-Access it's a very smooth Game and to play this game make so much fun! It's a constantly Game without laggs.-The Crafting-System is nice and have a lots of recipes to create any stuff what you want.-Atmosphere: Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ this is one of the best part ingame! Howling Wolves, fog, nature sounds and groaning zombies!-Updates: Many updates (i have the Game since 3-Day's)-Ideas: New activity's, new stuff and and andI can't say any stuff in this Game, you have to buy this Game and have fun with your Friend's! This Game is so awesome and it's in the Early Access, much better than DayZ.."
,Not Recommended,295110,17868015,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Sane,"Yeah... no.Releasing cosmetic stuff instead off working on the game, great developers."
76561198061618921,Not Recommended,295110,18964881,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Zoxyop123,"I heard about the hackers and thought, you know what there will only be a few. Well I was very wrong, first 20 minutes of ""play"" I saw about 10 hackers getting banned. Yes they were getting banned but the ♥♥♥♥ers just kept coming. The game itself is reasonably fun and all but until they sort the hackers if they ever do I cant recommend this game to anyone"
,Not Recommended,295110,18929063,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,1st. Luitenant. Милкман™,Aim is♥♥♥♥♥♥Game needs more hardcore modes.To many hackers right now.
76561198031609528,Not Recommended,295110,21120026,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,会打军体拳,"如果你是中国人，千万别买这个游戏。游戏公司歧视中国人，封我们的ip，买了玩不了。我之前在美国留学，没有意识到。现在回国了，发现根本登陆不了游戏，听别人说必须买vpn换其他地方的ip才能玩。这样的公司，我以后坚决不买他的游戏。Never buy this game if you are Chinese, the company discriminate China and will block your ip if you are in China.What a shame to this company. When Sony own this game, chinese people can play it. After Daybreak Game own it, chinese ip has been block and they have to use VPN to enjoy it.I brought this game when I was in USA and played it for a couple of hours. Now, I am in my homeland China and I cannot play it anymore. Neither cannot get my money back. I will never buy any game from this company in the future."
76561198153513059,Not Recommended,295110,15013868,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Duke_Dream,hacker hacker everywhereBTWTHIS GAMEPALY SUCK!LAGLAGLAGLAGLAGLAGLAGLAGLAGLAGLAGLAGLAGLAGLAGLAGLAGLAGLAGLAGLAGLAGLAGLAGLAGLAGLAGLAGLAGLAGLAGLAGLAGLAGLAGANDHACKERHACKERHACKERHACKERHACKERHACKERHACKERHACKERHACKERHACKERHACKERHACKERHACKERHACKERHACKERHACKERHACKERHACKERHACKERHACKERHACKERHACKERHACKERHACKERHACKERHACKERHACKERHACKERHACKERHACKERHACKERHACKERHACKERHACKERHACKER
,Not Recommended,295110,15692853,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,P A U L  D E N I N O,"Cant force feed bleach in this game, horrible game"
,Not Recommended,295110,15071485,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,bushbeat,"if YOU wanna play a game, then this isnt it because this is just bugs man! They should take the game down and repost it with a new name: H1BUG1!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,295110,21307353,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Shadeslayer,Split up the full game into two. SHAME. Missed up worse then the Fine Bros.
76561198067111594,Not Recommended,295110,21307480,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Bowser,Battle Royal is gone. Wtf really?
,Not Recommended,295110,17964147,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,RBeen,Don't. A full-size company has no business doing early access.
76561198084512683,Not Recommended,295110,23211660,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,H0meWrecker,"If they are willing to fix the Hackers, would be a game, I'm willing to play for hours. But, that's just me though.."
,Recommended,295110,14608947,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Cale the Egg Man,I love this game but I ♥♥♥♥ing hate the people that play it.
,Not Recommended,295110,21288469,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Braedonger,"What the hell? Turn a full game into two smaller games? I got this only for the Battle Royale, and they make it a seperate $20 game?That's is some Scrooge McDuck bullcrap."
76561198145429283,Recommended,295110,14229129,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Hjalmar8888,"Remember this game is in early access. It has a very satisfying crafting system and the base building is good, but it is easy to place a building facing the wrong direction. The zombies are very good because there are fast, slow ones, and even when in the woods, zombies are around. The circle of life that is in this game makes it a lot of fun as well; bear, wolves, rabbits, zombies, and deers."
,Recommended,295110,14317597,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Hner,"Great game. Gripping atmosphere, cool setting and crafting system. Every time a new adventure. Love it!"
,Recommended,295110,14117745,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,SirBabyCakes,"Pros:- Great optimization (Already better than DayZ's!)- You don't have to run far to find buildings- Better zombie AI than DayZ- Vehicles are in the game at release!Cons:- Sometimes pressing tab or i doesn't open inventory and I have to go loot something to access it (This happens for me and I don't know if it affects anyone else)- Hand to hand combat is the most derpy thing since the game Beasts Of Prey- You can easily dodge arrows since you see them flying towards you- Loot never spawns in cabinets, cars, desks, dressers, etc- Devs should probably find a way to discourage KOS (I don't know how but they should)- Russians kill you the majority of the time- Can't change the controls!- Add more video settings ex. Antialising or Anastropic filteringBut overall this game is amazing and 10/10 would get killed by guy yelling BOW SIMULATOR 2015 again"
76561198047197893,Recommended,295110,15233731,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Dubbel V,"Hello guys, maybe i am not the one to write a review on my 20 isch hours. But i have to tell you guys that this game is in ALPHA EARLY ACCES! OFC it will be buggs, there will be cheaters and your game will crash. And it clearly tells you before you buy that its ALPHA so don´t exepect any miracles. I really have to give the developers credit for the recent changes and upgrades, you guys have a really good base on your alpha game and i wish you luck. I want you to create this game so the fans will like it, and at this point i don´t see any helpful reviews. I only see people write bad things instead of helping them to get their dream game. I am out now :) (soz for bad english)"
76561198015769402,Recommended,295110,15908721,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Duke Silver,"Yes this game is Early Access. That aside from what comes with an EA(Early Access) game. The game is good so far and keeps getting better ! Some people like it, some hate it.  I happen to really enjoy it. Solo is a real challenge, Having friends to run around with makes it a bit easier and fun to build and scavenge.  PvP or PvE depends on how you want to play, safe or always in danger !!!!! A good gun battle at the police building gets your heart pumping. Either way, if you like a time eating game this is her! I recommend !"
,Not Recommended,295110,19638749,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,ELOGAINS,This is a fun game at times but when you fire 6 shotgun shells into somone point blank and they dont die and 360 no scope hs you with an AR then its time to uninstall
,Recommended,295110,14077925,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,rameils,"Made friends with a white southerner preacher named, Sergio, and a french dude called Dan. We were traveling up north in search of a church, and tried to recruit people along the way to join our inquisition of the bandits. Most people were frightened by the strong words Sergio used to sway them. They had never seen a event such as that ever happen. Although his preaching sometimes got us in sticky situations, that's when we lost our poor friend Dan. We came across a motel with a some mini markets and stores nearby. That's when we saw a jeep hauling♥♥♥♥♥in circles fuming smokes all over the parking lot. Me and Dan took cover behind some garbage containers while Sergio would go and talk to them. We quickly noticed they had guns, and they were ignoring us until I decided to blow up their jeep. I shot only 3 arrows into the front of the engine block and then BOOM, mayhem unleashed. As the smoke cleared, we see all 3 of the armed bandits run towards us. Me and Sergio quickly run and shout at Dan to run. I have to remind you guys that Dan only bought the game just recently, as in hours. So he doesn't know what the f**k is going on as we run into the valley shouting our heads off. We look back in the motels, and just hear several shots. As we are realizing what had just happened, we see one of the three dudes running towards us with some kind of shotgun. After that, we ran like the devil was behind our a**es.10/10 Would Play Again.Awesome adventure with 2 guys I've never even met in my life before. You don't get these kinds of stories from games like DayZ or WarZ. I hope you guys enjoy this game as much as I did, and not just say it's p2w because of one stupid feature that isn't even somewhat remotely affect gameplay. That is my opinion on the airdrops, and I'm pretty sure the Devs at bohemia screwed us even more than sony devs when they released DayZ.Performance, I get great fps on this game with high settings, my God I love the reflection effects too! Most people in this game are somewhat friendly, that is of course until they get a gun. Groups you should never encounter on your own, unless if it's a fresh group. Some issues I don't feel like discussing but they are there, most of the release issues were fixed on the FIRST day, wow! A lot of mixed emotions on how the game would develop, and right now I think they are doing a great job.UPDATE:I honestly don't know why a Early Release game is getting reviews let alone reviews that mention bugs, but I guess it helps people to see if they want to get the game. If you're planning on getting the game, don't even look at the reviews, for crying out loud this game is in alpha and isn't complete yet. Wait for the open beta or when the full release. This game has seen lots of improvements within the first couple weeks, and I am baffled by that fact. This of course does have it's up and downs like any other, I'd only reccommend people to buy this if they want to help support it develop."
76561198047492431,Recommended,295110,14076446,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Boka do LEEXO,"Well, i´ve met a guy in a house. He had some less experience than myself so i decided to ask he to tag along. He said yes and we started to follow the road. A caveman tried to kill us and we beated him to the death.  I´ve showed how to craft a bow and we kept on going.After a while we found a place full of movable houses and some RV´s. More cavemans showed up, one dude was friendly but the other kept shooting arrows. Out from nowhere a car stopped and 2 guys killed the other 2 dudes, we ran and they tried to snipe us, but they missed all the shots.We foud a hardware store and got inside. Another caveman got in shooting arrows at us, but the caveman shot another guy, but this one packed a shooter and killed him. Frog was such a great guy and joined us. After a while inside the hardware store the same caveman got back, real♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥cussing everybody and looking for his loot.Ohh my.... lmfao so damn hard....Frog showed us how to hunt, make a campfire, purify water and make some blueberry juice. We kept moving keeping a low profile from the shooters in the cars, until we found Peasant valley. It was a real great adventure inside that town, we were in 5 guys so far searching for a battery, but something killed our pal Frog and one other guy went missing. Me, Zombie... and Segal were trying to make out of town when 7 caveman cornered us inside a bathroom. We had a huge arrow fight and my pals got slain, picked up my axe and tried to kill the cavemans but they were to many.Got killed, and heard the cavemans ""thanks dude... thanks dude"". The best game experience ever. Wish i could find zombie,,, Frog and B again!!! Just awesome!!!Thanks sony and Dev´s 10/10 !!!!!"
,Recommended,295110,14080423,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,DatUtterGuy,Best survival game out there even tho its early alpha and not that much to do. This game takes a huge dump on DayZ with no ♥♥♥♥ing random lag or having 10 fps... had many problems with newer games on my pc but i dont get it. Well Sony knows how to make a smooth game anyways. Never played a game this smooth since CS:GO. I give this 11/10 toast :D
,Not Recommended,295110,21315190,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Hulter,Free --> 20€ --> 2x 20€
76561198119658719,Not Recommended,295110,34486731,Posted: 25 August,all,Hirens,"They abandoned it. They added a unfinished map and abandoned it again.Bad developers, bad !Do not buy, do not support this scumbags.Waiting for PlayerUknown's Survival game.Or play Miscreated."
,Not Recommended,295110,33712111,Posted: 21 July,all,PyroTechnical,"I cannot recomed this game to anyone. When I first got this game I thought it was amazing, but as more and more updates come out I can seem to only draw one conclustion and that is that the game developers simply no longer care about this game and simple want to make money. The first big instence of this is when the games split into two. That was pointless. But I put up with that, what I cant put up with is how they simply want to forget about anything the comunity says on what should be worked on and fixed first. I have uninstalled both games and intend on not to play them from this point on. I will look back at the screenshots and think about how good this game could of been and think in disapointment on what it has turned into."
76561198078760809,Not Recommended,295110,19287214,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,treb76,"I'm a big zombie survival genre fanboy so I just gotta buy every such game that even remotely looks promising. And I'm not very demanding mind you. I even enjoyed playing War-Z (Infestation now) for couple of months. Yes, that much of a fanboy. So I bought this...In short - bad, boring and ugly looking game full of bugs. I had high expectations for this game but I'm utterly disappointed with it. Not worth 5€, let alone 20."
,Not Recommended,295110,22330786,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Loki Boi,No.
,Not Recommended,295110,29038718,Posted: 5 January,all,Jones,I was excited about this game when SOE announced it. I became skeptical when Daybreak bought the game. Now I am unhappy about everything this game has become. I withheld any kind of review until I saw that their was a new DLC and the game is still in early access. Now I have to extend a middle finger to Daybreak for screwing the pooch.
,Not Recommended,295110,18964840,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,dat way,THE PALYER BASE HAS REALLY DIED AND NOTHING BUT HACKERS AND HE DEVS COULD CARE LESS ABOUT A MAKING ABETTER ANTI CHEAT AND FIXING BUGS ALL THEY DO NOW IS MAKE THESE STUPID CRATES AND WORRY ABOUT BOATTLE ROYALE. PRETTY MUCH A DYING GAME NEEDING A REVIVE SOON
,Not Recommended,295110,24201099,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,TrAns,"Wasted 2 days, building home finding cars around all map then suddenly the ♥♥♥♥ing sv wipes out.. seriously ?♥♥♥♥ing Wastage of time -_-  -_-"
,Recommended,295110,14214288,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,YrN | JinQed,Very tune mate
,Not Recommended,295110,21139283,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Ricky Rudges,absolute waste of time
,Recommended,295110,14521917,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,USArmyGenJon,This Game Has Great Potential if there Where't So Many Hackers on it =/
76561198012385375,Not Recommended,295110,34268989,Posted: 15 August,all,bleve261,Server has AGAIN been wiped clean (twice in the past several months)... EVERYTHING you've played is GONE.... WHAT A ♥♥♥♥♥♥ WAY TO RUN A SOFTWARE GAME COMPANY!   IF YOU LIKE THE DISAPOINTMENT OF RESTARTING YOUR GAME EVERY SEVERAL MONTHS - YOU GONNA LOVE THIS!      The new game (just stay alive)  quity frankly SUCKS... Not nearly as much enjoyement as H1Z1 version was.   ONCE AGAIN DAYBREAK GAMES HAS FIXED.....  SOMETHING THAT WAS NOT BROKEN...   WILL NEVER PLAY ONE OF THEIR GAMES AGAIN!
76561198065876761,Not Recommended,295110,34261155,Posted: 15 August,all,RebelKillSwitch,"Changing the name wont make your game any better, sorry its still trash!"
,Not Recommended,295110,14018224,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,✪ Noure,"So I have never left a review before of any game, whether I liked them or disliked them. I figure this game is probably the best place to start. I was pretty excited for H1Z1. As an avid player of DayZ and Rust, the thought of a game combining the two play styles made by a well known developer was something that was easy to get behind.After following some of my favorite streamers testing the game and backing it from the early-middle of last year I was genuinely pleased that all of them gave it a thumbs up. Having followed dev posts stating that while the game will be Free 2 Play it will not have any sort of Pay 2 Win. All of the items you buy are strictly cosmetic and the only way to get ""ahead"" of the competition was to explore, craft, and genuinely survive. This, this is the biggest point of the negative review.The launch for the Alpha was delayed roughly 6 hours, which upset a lot of impatient people. Honestly, this happens all the time and it's not even a proper game release which made it totally understandable. If you did finally get the game, it took roughly 5 hours more to finally log in for most people. Then, only the $20 game option came up at first. Many people bought that, only to be disappointed that a $40 option came out just a bit later. If you had read the posts on Reddit from Devs and other places you would have known that there were two options, but still they should have released together. To me the differences were small and I only wanted to really test the game, which made me question the extra cost of the package. Well, that extra $20 is the start of the Pay 2 Win they promised was not going to be in the game.If you finally do log in and get to explore you will soon realize there is very little in the World. You might come across a sniper rifle and a FEW rounds for it, but primarily you will be using your bow over and over again. You might find enouch non wrecked cars to get enough parts to make one work. If not, finding the parts in the world takes quite a bit of scavenging which is fun even if there are only two useful items per industrial area. But then you come across a player with an AR 15, land mines, and massive amounts of med packs and food. This is because he called in a CRATE which all players get a few of off the start. So while you try to arrow him down, he just pummels you with a powerful rifle he did absolutely nothing to get. Then he takes all the stuff you worked so hard to get.Now you might say I am complaining about a normal part of the game. Players kill Players. That's fine, I have ZERO problem with going to work again. My problem is that the Crates gave him an unreal advantage. Compared to the stuff you can find in the world those crates are gold mines. Want to be the best? Buy more crates. This is total bull♥♥♥♥♥♥after months of saying that ALL CRATES WILL BE COSMETIC ONLY. I have emailed for a refund and I wont drop a dime on this game until they stop lying.TL;DRDevs lied about P2W, World has nothing in it, Crates OP"
76561198050238552,Not Recommended,295110,14449729,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,bigfriendship,"This game has the potential to be an awesome game.  At the current time, however, I would have to recommend against purchasing it.  As of right now, the game is rife with hackers, gamebreaking bugs (no surprise in EA, however, many of these bugs such as no loot spawning make the game unplayable) and other issues.  Daybreak continually puts out patches to address these concerns, which is good, except that none of the patches have addressed these concerns.Someone's base is too fortified for you to break into?  Simple, log off in front of their base, log back in, and walk forward - tada, you're in because the base doesn't render fast enough.Not good at PVP?  No problem, just go to one of the many popular hacking websites and download the latest tools so that you can teleport to someone instantaneously and headshot them.One of my biggest concerns is also going to be when the game releases - that this game will be free to play.  We all knew this going in, but I think I had a bit more faith in the development company to get rid of hackers.  As it stands, there are currently tons of hackers on each server - and each time they get banned, they have to pony up another $20 bucks.  When this game goes free to play, that deterrent won't even exist.So, as of right now, I would recommend against playing this game.  If you play Day Z or 7 Days to Die, you already have played this game and there is nothing unique to this game to make it more playable than the others."
76561198062999201,Not Recommended,295110,20021498,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Varo,Dont buy this game
,Not Recommended,295110,19857352,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,M202 | Smiley Crack,"Okay yes this game is alright, but I have a pretty broad statement, ♥♥♥♥ DAYBREAK. I used to play this game casually and was pretty good a battle royale, I took a break and came back to play with some friends and I forgot my password. I forgot my password, what ever, so I got to reset it then use a new password and put it in a notepad then use it to login. ""Incorrect password"" Try a few times still ""Incorrect password."" get frustrated try to make a new password now it's saying ""It seems you are having trouble accessing your account, contact Daybreak support."" Try to contact support, requires a login. Wait a few mins, doesn't give the message, now I go to reset it ""Sorry, a system error has occurred while processing your request."" Get even more♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Go to make an account login with it all going good, about to get on the menu ""Error G32."" What the ♥♥♥♥. Try to changed password other account, NOPE ""ERROR"".EDIT: Now when I try to change my password I get this error! ""The Daybreak Username you entered is unrecognized or does not exist. Please try again."" ♥♥♥♥ DAYBREAK!TL;DR: Can't login to account, try to contact support but requires for me to login to my account, make a new account ""ERROR G32""."
76561198235253748,Not Recommended,295110,19868543,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,CUMBUCKET,this game is shi t bugs and else but thst not the mayn problem i bought this game played it like 20 h and than error G32 and no one is helping  me not even trying thx H1Z1 and Daybreak dont buy this game dont waste your money
76561197976493954,Not Recommended,295110,20016624,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Noggy,The game is very meh and filled with hackers. Customer support related to this is pretty much non-existent. Have trouble with login? Just contact customer support of which you must be logged in to do. Waste of time.
,Not Recommended,295110,20021694,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Tsunamike,This game would be good if it wasn't for the horrible shooting mechanics and all the hackers.
,Not Recommended,295110,20044142,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Likferd,"I played this for about an hour as you'll see from the review.The game ran fine for me, no complaints there. Other than that - I didn't really enjoy the game at all.I saw two people on a PvP server, we greeted each other and carried on our own paths. Reading that Battle Royale was the place to be I joined a game, after initially parachuting and seeing five people in the sky I didn't see anyone else for another 20 minutes after landing. Finally saw another player, we stood still shooting at each other with AR15s (not spray and pray (accuracy should be fairly good at this point)) for about twenty seconds before a couple of shots connected. I was the 97th person to die. Seeing people die in relatively quick succession from 150 made me wonder where everyone was.Other than that, the zombies do absolutely nothing and there only seemed to be one of those per square mile. The graphics are nothing to write about, honestly looks like something you might find on a Playstation 2 game aside from building interiors which were decent - probably why the game ran OK in the first place.I'll stick to watching other people streaming Battle Royale if I feel the need to see how the game is doing. Sadly despite having had a decent interest in this game for quite a while it has been the first game I have ever had refunded on Steam, this is also the first time I've felt the need to write a negative review on a game. I would normally give a game more than an hours chance to show what it has to offer, but I saw nothing in H1Z1 at all. At least DayZ is nice to look at and Rust is fun to play."
,Not Recommended,295110,34734288,Posted: 4 September,all,Lumberjack,"Game has been redone in the worst possible way, dont bother its dead and buried with the producers doing some of the dumbest things, ""plot"" can only build where they designate, PVP / raid - a gas system that kills raiders....... stage 2 of the raid is everything is invunerable and gets rebuilt. complete f***king waste of time."
,Not Recommended,295110,34702070,Posted: 2 September,all,First Time Play Dota,"Don't fall for the 50% discount. Not a Solo player friendly !Have been playing this game for few months now and tbh i liked the new update, how players can customize the way to build their base.As a solo players, I've put in a lot of effort in building my base for the past few days. Then came the update, which they say there will not be any wipe and guess what ? The whole server got wiped, all the effort gone to waste.They never mention when will there ever be a update or will the game be wipe, you just waste people time and effort.It's a dying community and they are trying to make a come back, i really hope this game just die off.Just stick with KOTK.Also i've wasted $200USD because i wanted to get the throne of guns, i supported the game and this is the kind of♥♥♥♥♥♥they do to their players."
,Not Recommended,295110,35167528,Posted: 23 September,all,Chinzilla.,"Games trash, they left it to die like they will with KOTK, daybreak is a worthless company and has done nothing but♥♥♥♥♥♥all over any game they have ever taken over.  They got rid of everquest and theyll get rid of this too, all they want is for the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to keep buying keys and crates.  Honestly, eat my♥♥♥♥♥♥daybreak, your ♥♥♥♥ing trash and you will NEVER amount to anythign as a company!"
76561198006583541,Not Recommended,295110,34490667,Posted: 25 August,all,tellico,What a   s h i t !!Limited places to build a base for PvE?! Are they NUTS?!!
,Not Recommended,295110,34427848,Posted: 22 August,all,Willow,"Let me begin by saying I LOVED H1Z1 Just Survive since inception. I met so many people and had so much fun base building and raiding and being part of a large team. Then the update of Just Survive happened. And I was optimistic. Most werent but I pushed for them to give it a try, give it a chance.I have never given a negative review of a game but the drastic changes that have been implemented are such that I felt the need to share my thoughts.We have been playing since the new wipe a few days ago. We have built a massive base. Our server started with 45 people and now  you can't find more than five people at a time on our server, if that. And most the time it's the poplulation consists of only those on our team.So we jumped to other ""high pops"" and tried to see what that was like. If there wasn't a counter stating how many people were on the game I wouldn't have been able to tell there were many others on the server. I don't know why but PVP has drastically changed. Maybe its the lack of a city such as PV. Maybe its that people are grinding too hard to get mats and don't have time to PVP. I don't know. But on a high pop, we barely saw anyone as we ran a good portion of the map.I am literally mourning the loss of H1 JS. I feel like an era has ended. This was designated as an upgrade but I feel like it's simply a different game. Raiding with shotguns? No thank you. I know the other base tiers are supposed to be released... eventually. And the rest of the map is supposed to also be released eventually. But in the meantime, you are losing players, long time 3800 plus hour players because its just not JS anymore. I'm dissapointed and wish H1 was still available."
,Not Recommended,295110,26258676,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Faustest,"Spent an hour and a half running around, lagging to the point of unplayability. Found very few items in the world, most of which glitched out of the game on my attempt to loot them. Saw 0 other players. Attempted combat with a zombie once, swung about 25 times, hit 0 times, and promptly died. I will not be playing this game again until major fixes are made. Would not recommend in its current state, or for a very long time."
,Not Recommended,295110,34640491,Posted: 31 August,all,*nsL,STOPID GAME #z1 in me heart
,Not Recommended,295110,34278274,Posted: 16 August,all,Guts,"Still broken, unbalanced, full of hackers and they managed to make it look worse than before."
76561198257713329,Not Recommended,295110,34324330,Posted: 18 August,all,🔥,H1Z1:Just Uninstall
,Not Recommended,295110,34263737,Posted: 15 August,all,¯\_(ツ)_/¯,I payed for this game only to play to h1z1 just survive. Not Rust.
,Not Recommended,295110,34940124,Posted: 13 September,all,NotoriousMGT,Use to like this game. Came back for old time sake and it's ♥♥♥♥ing trash. 10/10 not worth £15 now 10/10 will not install again.
,Not Recommended,295110,31285010,Posted: 21 April,all,I hate china,devs are doing a♥♥♥♥♥♥poor job
76561198052468460,Not Recommended,295110,35250899,Posted: 27 September,all,BADGUYIRVINE,just turned into a very bad game
76561198211215345,Not Recommended,295110,35324539,Posted: 29 September,all,noggy69,usless people i have emeled them for help about my account and have not hurd back from them ITS BEEN 1 HOLE MOUNTH my luttle sis who is 2 btw talks more then they do and is more of a help then they are ♥♥♥♥ them ♥♥♥♥ this game i hope they lose all there money and have to delete the game DO NOT BUY GAME it is no good best off getting misscreated its much better
,Not Recommended,295110,29621351,Posted: 31 January,all,"小艾旗,小学毕业加油","Daybreak is a ♥♥♥♥♥,yes.黎明简直就是白痴黎明，别问我为什么这么说你。Daybreak is a liar.U liar"
76561198005855128,Not Recommended,295110,19267346,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Aimless*,its a waste of money.boring. bugs. boring. bugs.
,Not Recommended,295110,34420325,Posted: 22 August,all,WetSlickness,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing terrbile now lol do not waste your money or time... and if anybody of importance reads this I would be happy to meet with you in person to discuss how ♥♥♥♥♥♥ youve made the game.
,Not Recommended,295110,34420550,Posted: 22 August,all,{NOR} Thy_Gamerr,don't ever
,Recommended,295110,17215588,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,McFly,Pros+Lots of crafting+Nice weather effects+Looting makes you look around more+Overall gameplay is good+Batte Royale is super fun+NOT PAY 2 WIN+Skins add laughs and fun to the gameCons-♥♥♥♥♥♥ community-Most of the time its K.O.S.-Zombie movements and attacks are sometimes glitchy-Occasionally zombies come in billions when near cities-Players build bases to block off buildings-Player bases are everywhere-Likely to run into hackers-Game crashes sometimes when launchingOverall its a good fun game if you are into zombie survival games I say its worth the money :D
,Not Recommended,295110,14067891,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,DMStewart,"Last Attempt: 2/24/16 (Just Survive) - How about ""Just Close""? Cant exit out without it locking everything up. What a waste. They should just admit failure now. Or at least admit that they arent going to bother with the saturated genre of ""zombie survival"". After all, if they were able to make a survival gamee, people wouldnt be spending all their time killing each other. Making ""King of Hill"" is supposed to separate the survival folks from the KOS folks. Guess what? No survival people play this. Nor should they. There is nothing for them. And King of the Hill is a joke too. If Im going to battle other people this is the last game Im going to play out of my 200+ steam games. Wish I could get my money back. I gave them the benefit of the doubt and I hung in for a long time. Its over. There is no survival. Their separate PVP is terrible. Game over.1 more attempt: 6-29With all their ""improvements"" the game is still not worth downloading if it were free. Just to prove a point, I showed a friend how bad the combat system was. Im in a back room of a store and hear a guy coming. I have a pistol & hunting rifle. I wait for him to get close & try to say ""hi"". He starts swinging. I shoot him with the pistol at close range. All 6 shots that I had. Then I switch to the rifle. He isnt facing me but he is swinging. I move away and I shoot him 3 times with the rifle. He walks up, lands a punch to my shoulder, and I die! NICE!! Thats how it goes in H1Z1Final Impression: 2-18Its just a flat-out terrible and tortueously boring game. It has no redeeming qualities and there is no reason to play it. Its not fun. There is no challenge. It plays like crap. If I could go back in time and sabotage the project I would.Uninstalled.Save your $$.Update: 1/23/2015Anxious to see what the new updates brought but now, even servers that have ""Med"" or ""Low"" population still have a 60 minute or longer wait time. This is odd because even ""High"" (and sometimes ""Very High"") population servers perviously would let you right into them with little or no wait. After a few failed attempts maybe I will try to get into a server tomorrow.Update: 1/20/2015Update looks good. Map looks much better. Im not giving up on this game. Im close to changing my recommendation.Cons1) No attachment to character, no immersion: In any game you want to care about your character. You also want to be challenged. And you want to conquer those challenges. Here, I run around a boring map having to learn the same recipes over and over again. I can eat blackberries to stay alive but I dont even care if I stay aline or not. Usually you want to avoid death because its a hassle to get your stuff back. But onto the next major ""Con""2) What stuff???: There is literally almost zero loot. I understand they want to have a focus on crafting things in this game, I get it, its DayZ's and Rust's Downs-Syndrome child, but at least after an hour in on Rust you 1) wanted to avoid death, 2) learn more, 3) create a base camp. Here, I beg for death. I finally got so bored from eating blackberries that once I let myself get down to 3% health I ran across another player and shot arrows at him so he would kill me.3) What is my GPU rendering?: I set the rendering distance to max as well as FOV. And everything about the map is terrible. And even in early access, the map is very telling of what direction the game is going as well as the possible potential. Lets take Rust and DayZ for this comparison. On both maps I can at least see far enough, and clear enough to see danger a good distance away. In this game, my card is cooking away like Im running Crysis 3 and theres nothing to see. The map is so non-descript; fog and haze obstruct any medium to long distance viewing. A right mouse button zoom wouldve been nice but what would it be zooming in on? This is our arena. And its boring. There are no towns but rather a house or two together. It doesnt represent any area that humans have lived. Furthermore, the whole map is ugly. It doesnt need to be shiny or flashy. There is beauty in simplicity too. (look at Terraria, Minecraft, Battleblock Theater). But the chances are if the map is ugly when its simple, its going to be even uglier the more appealing the devs try to make it.4) PvE or PvP? Doesnt Matter: I hopped into a PvE server to try and gather items, learn recipes, and craft as many things as possible. I figured the only way to care enough about my character and his progress would be to get a good start. Then I would want to preserve my life and keep playing. Then things would get much more insteresting, right? Nope. I figure in PvE players couldnt attack each other. Not so. I actually found a hatchet and a lead pipe. Then I found a lighter in a crate. I thought, ""Finally, Im off to good start"". A guy comes up behind me, hits me with a hatchet. We battle. I die. Maybe he didnt know it was PvE. Respawn. Every person I run into is attempting to KoS. Umm, why bother listing it as PvE?4) Nothing New. Nothing Special: I think the most apparent flaw is that there is nothing original, new(er), or special about this game. Since it had the backing of Sony (SOE) I thought that the PvP battles would be pretty good right at the start. There not. I thought maybe the world map would at least be realistic with its neighborhoods. Its not. And I dont mean a perfectly graphically refined neighborhood. I just mean a good layout; something that doesnt feel like a quick mock-up for a sales pitch to investors. I thought that maybe inventory managment would me more intuitive, creative, and a break away from the very dry, basic, committee-designed inventory menus we have gotten from failed indie releases. Its not. I ask myself ""What is the one feature in this game that is either great or has potential to be great in the future?"" and there isnt a single thing. Its really sad.I am going to keep trying to give this a go. Its almost like a side project now. But I cant in good faith recommend this game in its current state. It needs to have so many major changes that I feel like they should probably rebuild this from the ground up. There are too many things that are wrong in the foundation. It feels like they built a house by putting up walls and a roof first and then dug out the ground and poured a bunch of cement inside. Everything looks and feels wrong.---First review is below----First review 1/17/2015I dont get it. I am going to stay open-minded and really give this the old college try. But I must say that after the first hour I am really having a hard time trying to figure out what this game is and what the devs were trying to achieve. First impression is that its a poor copy of DayZ. But again, give me some time to really get into this. A few things are done fairly well. However, the general feel is just...weird. This feels like an inter-office friendly wager. Almost as if a few people were disagreeing at a meeting about a new game and someone said ""It doesnt even matter anymore, as long as it has something to do with zombies and its PvP with some survival, we can make anything and bring in $ [insert number] million."" To which some others said, ""Oh yeah, prove it."" And then to do it they copied every idea from DayZ and popped it into their own engine, made a map, and here we are...proving them right.With that said, I am still going to recommend this pending further review. This really needs some proper time put into it for a fair analysis. Some of the positive reviews have users saying [sic] ""This is best game Ive ever played"" or ""Its everything Ive been looking for"" (Seriously, go read some of the recommendation reviews). Those people are obviously ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, devs themselves, or were given a free copy in exchange for a favorable review. But I just think they are tarded.**Watch this review for an update after a thorough, good, ten or more hours into this**"
76561198161436114,Not Recommended,295110,17081782,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,「#Prajit Carat 」 69,"STUPID GAME. bought the game, now when I log in with my account , they say that I can't play on this account because it was used in early acces.. now it is not in early acces ??? had some items in it, bought some items now i have to make another account for nothing! GREAT JOB , idiots! i'll never buy anything from you liars. DON""T BUY THIS GAME. very bad, they obligate you to buy special membership .. omg !"
,Not Recommended,295110,20082373,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,senraXD,I wish I could get a refund
76561198041865492,Recommended,295110,14052835,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Bohcia,The game is better than dayz to only be on alpha thats pretty good and the fact its not that hard to find friends makes it better
,Not Recommended,295110,17662680,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,BDS. Pita,"c://H1Z1<DOG♥♥♥♥♥♥gt;.exe This game is so bad. I gave it so many chances to be good... But i can't stand the pregame lobby for BR nor i cant stand that every server on Survial is taken up. The guns are gone... can't find a axe to cut trees to build a house.  Full of hackers.    <DOG♥♥♥♥♥♥GAME> Constantly refreshing my keybinds because I can't open my INVY. Also, I feel I spent 87% of my time running/eating/crouching in bushes/respawning to a Cord ""close"" to a friend i.e D6 , Friend E7. Don't Buy waste of money and time. STR8 Dog♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,295110,15243819,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Krucial_tv | twitch.tv,"As a survival game, it has amazing potential to become the number one game with a few updates and fixes (which are constantly coming as of now). As for the Battle Royal game mode, easily the most enjoyable game thats been released this year. Would love to see a few more things added, but besides that the game is amazing! The one negative is (supposedly) the battle royals will be pay to play in the future :/"
76561197988222169,Not Recommended,295110,14010865,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Pursycokid,"So finally after 12 hous I got into the game. I spawn and find a house, go in and as soon as I get inside my player sits on the floor and wont move for 5 mins. When dumbass deciedes to get up I start searching things inside and nothing happens so I start to walk outside and out of nowhere the search items start to come up from the places I just tried to search. I know this is alpha but War Z was way better than this. Dont get this game now it is unplayable and p2w. SOE how hard is it to release a game that works? Maybe just maybe you can turn this around if you would stop thinking with your wallets."
76561197963788657,Not Recommended,295110,14010960,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Vanderkay,"2 hour long queue's on EU. VERY few EU servers, yet a TON of US servers.. not to mention ""We are not gonna make it PAY TO WIN"" and still they did with air drops, what a ♥♥♥♥ing JOKE! SOE when they are best!"
76561198125022608,Recommended,295110,17588688,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,poonjab,nice to check out new stuff before released patch.
76561198038268005,Not Recommended,295110,14010800,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,AmishLumberjack,Deeply regretting spending my $20 on this
,Not Recommended,295110,21024479,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Sourmonkey,"This Game has been in Early Access for over a year  !  the development team moves backwards most of the time, and not to mention they are branching the game into two different games? so now they expect players to pay twice as much essentially for the same game ?Graphics- 6/10 outdated for a game not fully released with a lot of graphical errors and glitches with the enviromentGameplay-6/10 Played single played its boresville , no quests no mission just gather materials eat and drink to stay alive.Multiplayer is somewhat fun but lacks depth to it 1 mode kill of the kill ? would be better with a players vs      zombies where infected players get to attack as zombies. however hitbox registration is pure crap i had a ar-15 and hit someone 3 times in the head  , they managed to kill me with a single shot with armor on.sound-1/10 sounds like they recorded the sounds for this game in one of the develpors home bathroom using a old tape recorderoverall this game is pure♥♥♥♥♥♥! no way around don't waste your money and do not think its going free to play anytime soon... best thing to do is find something better to do with your time like cutting yourself or jumping into a pit of scorpions either one of those will be a better time"
76561198082221458,Not Recommended,295110,18062553,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,WhispyDeath,I wouldnt recommend this for the simple fact that it is packed with a bunch of people who cheat and mod to win!10/10 Would get one shot again
,Recommended,295110,14236355,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Erikson1997,"I'm starting to like H1Z1, after the slow and painful wait times. It's a nice game based on a zombie apocalypse.I'll start off with what i hate about H1Z1, the ""Pay 2 Win"" airdrops, all i need to say is good luck. The airdrops around five dollars to get, when called in it lands within a proximity of you, (around 500m - 1000m) people can easily kill you and take that loot (Please remove airdrops and make them random).The good things i like about H1Z1 is the servers, having both PVE and PVP. Playing on both i've noticed many friendly players and seen tons of people hoping around the cities. PVE is where i started, learning the recipes and how to build. After playing around 2~3 hours i've gathered enough amount of supplies to then explore the world. Picking up tons of weapons and ammo (Currently have around 300 45 ACP Rounds, and 2 M1911).These are the typical days on the servers i selected. Willamette (PVE) and Hostage (PVP).Willamette:Good people who will watch out for you and always try to be friendly. Giving you what is needed and constantly checking if you are ok. Many trading loot and giving supplies who are in need.Hostage:People who seem friendly and will constantly think you are plotting something against them. Some will shoot on sight, and some who go beserk with a Axe and try to cut your legs off. (Some guy killed me yelling ""I need those pants!"") People who like the inner city will most likely kill for the thrill and loot your corpse for any ammo, food, and water. Snipers are in locations high up (there will always be a Sniper) and in plain sight... you just need to look at the roofs to see a guy standing on top waving a Sniper Rifle around.Story:After spawning in the world i met someone named ""Diggles"". Nice guy who seemed friendly and needed supplies. After giving him the supplies, we parted. Waling down a road i saw a building leading down a hill going underneath a bridge. There  was a man named ""LETMEGOORLETMEDIE"" who was very angry sounding and very impolite. His friends pinned me down inside of a building ""LETMEGOORLETMEDIE"" Walked in with a M1911 In hand. I quickly ran around him and took my Axe and buried it deep into the back of his head. Taking the M1911, i then fired randomly at his friends which then fled from the building, I took what rounds were on his body and took off on the road. His friends apeared out of the blue and started firing at me. At the corner of my eye i see a man who looked familiar... It was ""Diggles"" I yelled to him to run. And so he did... (to this day he is still running) After losing the two friends of the ""LETMEGOORLETMEDIE"" guy, ""Diggles"" and I started walking on the road. Stoping at a T-Intersect we looked to see where we were. ""Diggles"" still checking his map, a car came down the road with sirens whaling about. I warned ""Diggles"" telling him to run and hide. But it was to late, the Police Car ran over ""Diggles"" while he tried to flee. I'll remember you ""Diggles"".10/10 Would meet ""Diggles"" again.And i hope the driver of the police car dies in a car crash."
,Recommended,295110,14094936,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,ruuvi:]]],eZgame
,Recommended,295110,14067802,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Sushi Time,"As some one who skipped the whole Day Z mod and standalone, this game is great in small doses.  This game was terrible at first with the amount of resource management required to survive, but is now fixed with the most recent patch.   It does not take very long to learn how to survive.The prevailing problem is that it is an alpha, there is a limited amount of things to do in the pvp servers once you've geared up your character.  As a sandbox game, it's really up to the player to make their own adventure, but II find that the shooting system is also less satisfying than arma 3.  It didn't take me very long to grow dissatisfied with killing players.  However the 60+ fps makes the overall experience enjoyable (no horrid 20 fps and frame skipping wherever you go).    There are also some issues with the VOIP that is currently used, but that i don't foresee that as being a longterm issue."
,Recommended,295110,14145987,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,shufflezone,"Currently the best zombie game I played so far. More things to do than dayz, harder to survive (hunger and thirst draining fast), common things can be find commonly, weapons and ammo are more harder to find = more friendly community, less KOS and more melee fighting if so. You can travel long distance with a car (if you can get him running) = no running simulator, always something to do, even if you're running long distance.Very enjoyable game currently! 10/10"
76561198004007682,Recommended,295110,14134313,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Walrus Schultz,"For an Alpha, and given the controversey surroundin this game, I would still deem it acceptable at an Alpha Level. I would recommend it, however, maybe in a month or two after they've done some more tweaking to loot drop rates. At the moment my only complaint is that loot is few and far between. Other players haven't been too hostile, but I would recommend playing with a Mic so you can assure people that your intentions are good, otherwise they won't take the risk and THAT's why they kill you.Overall, acceptable for an Alpha level game."
,Recommended,295110,14138966,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Nuka,"My review for H1Z1:7.5/10Pros++-Barely buggy.-Generally friendly players.-Loot recently fixed in a new update (Possibly changed!)-Gameplay is smooth, and easy.-Crafting and Construction!-Dedicated developers! (Who listen to the community's feedback too!)Cons---Lack of apperal, and customization. (For those into that sorta thing.)-General outlook on the game. (With the initial launch, and the general unhappiness from everyone who wanted to play the first day, the game was given a rather bad review. After my hours of playing, I find it to be quite enjoyable, and even surpass DayZ, and Rust."
,Recommended,295110,14083176,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,CombatShades,I like!
76561197976678531,Recommended,295110,14080704,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Morgoth,"Brilliant game in my opinion, its not pay to win like some people are saying, if you do the research into how airdrops work you will quickly realise that its far from p2w, and most of the people saying it are probably die hard dayz fans.The servers are a lot more stable, I havent ctd'd or had trouble logging in since the last update. Crafting system is brilliant, easy to work out but can be a challenge. They have some quests added, not your average mmo type quests, more of a treasure hunt, which I have done and was great fun, and was very rewarding, a lot more rewarding than the airdrops i should add.The atmosphere in the game is the best I've experienced in this genre, and you do find yourself in some tense situations.You may have a job finding a queue free EU server atm, but they are planning on adding another 200 EU servers this week, and you can still join the US servers without having to queue and I havent noticed any lag or problems on them yet.The UI is very well done and very simple to use. as is the loot system. The game world is big enough for the time being and they plan on expanding it in future updates.If your thinking of playing make sure to collect Blackberrys when your out in the sticks they can be a life saver.Edit: Game getting updated frequenlty, fixing bugs adding/adjusting content, dev team is second to none"
76561198171507614,Recommended,295110,14081602,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Untouchable_Gilly,"H1Z1 is a great MMO survival even though its in Alpha, yes it has its problem like bugs and so on but its in Alpha and thats the whole point of buying this game is to support it. Now that I have goton that out the way I can talk about some great and interesting things that are in this game. The crafting system is easy to use once you relise how to research items, the world is amazing big and has many Citys, Towns and so on and it simply feels like your surviving in the wild world. It has the potential to one of the best MMO survials out there and I fully recomend it to anyone who has a taste in MMO Survival games."
76561198068844505,Recommended,295110,14088100,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,RainbowFloyd,Fold people like paper.- 10 out of 10 -
76561198021697280,Recommended,295110,14077107,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,The Punisher,H1Z1 is everything I wished DayZ had been. Can't recommend it enough. So excited to see where they take this game.
,Recommended,295110,14088502,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Marp,"Is just like rust with ♥♥♥♥♥ier gameplay. Has alot of potential. Not worth the $20 right now, altough it is fun. Wait for more content to come out or for it to be free."
76561198011274298,Not Recommended,295110,14006640,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Collins,"Trying to get refund. The most missleading, poorly executed release of a game i have ever witnessed."
76561198028290245,Not Recommended,295110,14006316,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Derk Diggler,paid $40 for them to tell me i cant connect. this sure is fun.
,Not Recommended,295110,14008059,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,[BOT] Bealio,It's got G99 problems and connecting is one.
76561198083341593,Recommended,295110,14093939,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,DennyR,"Give it a try......if you have been put off by pay to win accusations - the game never was pay2win. The slight bit that airdrops introduced got fixed day 1 (by making it harder to call them and to obtain it's loot). But nevertheless, even buying guns in a game that is as volatile as this with no win conditions would not be pay2win in my opinion. You can just kill someone that has payed for a gun with a gun you found yourself through scavenging and he would have wasted money - but again, there is no such way to buy weapons in the game!Doesn't pay2win mean you can buy a specific advantage only via money?....if you have been put off by bad day 1 reviews. Most of the day 1 reviews have been made out of frustration. Servers didn't work. Nobody could play in the first few hours. When the servers finally went up, the pay2win thing started that kinda generated a hate-train. Since non of these issues exist anymore (airdrops have never been an issue in my opinion), you should reconsider your choice....if you love DayZ, Unturned, Rust and/or other (Zombie)-Survival games. In my opinion, this one is already the best in this genre, most stable most fun game out there and it still is early access with daily updates and fixes.Bulleted list...if you though the game sucked from reviews. Let me tell you that this game has issues, glitches and bugs (it's early access after all), but from what I can tell, it has zero fundamental design flaws. Absolutely everything is layed out in a way that could turn this game into something big. It is a ton of fun already....if you want to play something fun - this game is it. I played it since release and I love it. I don't regret spending the 20€ a tiny bit....if you want to feel like a badass rambo. This game allows you to shred your shirt to craft a bow. Headshotting walkers with your bow is just utterly satisfying. The hit impact sounds and reactions are just top notch.I can just say that I really do enjoy this game alot. With the upcoming EU servers I will go full out nerd and play this 24/7 for a good bit.If you don't want to spend the 20 bucks for early access, give it a try after it goes free2play."
,Not Recommended,295110,14012551,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Hiter In Arma 3,theres no sever for asians and Aussies so it lag suck hell
76561197960344050,Not Recommended,295110,29383031,Posted: 20 January,all,muh,In the year 2525if man is still aliveif women can survivethey may find...in the year 3535an update© Zager & Evans • 1969Honestly its a nice game for 10€ in 2015 but now we have 2017 and it has still too many bugs and not enough development.
,Recommended,295110,14087845,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Vincent,"It's a good game , alot of bugs but it's playable ... have fun ! And it's not PAY TO WIN."
76561198078986724,Not Recommended,295110,21093281,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Fookin Laser Soight,You know what I love about this game minus the horrible splitting of the game and the Corrupt Dev team?Nothing :D
,Not Recommended,295110,14002995,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,EpicBreh,I cannot create a new account I keep trying and nothing really frustrating says awkawledge that I understand terms of service and nothing its checked but it wont do nething.day 1 release n I cant even make my account >_<
76561197965258946,Not Recommended,295110,18923695,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,IceFoX,"Listen, Do not buy this game for a soul fact there are Hackers that Noclip, Aim bot, Speed hack Everything you can think of.Daybreak promised us a ANTICHEAT 6 months ago and there still isnt a ANTICHEAT in fact they manually ban hackers which infact take time and their effort to do. Please save your money and buy another game. THIS IS YOUR WARNING"
,Recommended,295110,14087935,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,winglessraven,1) Cooked a Wolf Steak on a stranger's barbecue.2) Followed the meal with some scrumptious 2% berries.3) Got shot in my♥♥♥♥♥with an arrow.Would cook again. 10/10
,Not Recommended,295110,23663652,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Yung Cash Register,dont
,Recommended,295110,14064726,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,CrObInStInE,3 Hours in and Im going to write a review. First of all. You do not need the minimum CPU they recommend. I am personally running a Intel Core 2 Quad @ 2.4. And I am able to run this game on max getting at least 50fps. I am also running a Geforce GTX650ti with 6gb of ram. If I can run it. Im sure many of you can.Moving on. This game is for me a better version then all of the suvival games I have played. It does feauture a system where you can buy air drops which give you supplies which may contain a gun. But it gives other players the chance to run up and fight for this package. I personally don't care about it. I prefer to run around in the woods and pick some berries.When it comes to combat it is very enjoyable if you are killing a zombie or a fellow human. Be sure to go into the discover tab and drop items in there to find out how to craft items. A bow you need to tear up your shirt of find cloth and then use wood branches in order to discover it. Best advice I can give on your first life. Find berries. Make a bow.One thing I found was entering buildings for loot was often pointless for me. Odds are it was already cleaned out or the drops are not often.Will this kill DayZ? Well given its in better shape and zombies weren't getting me through the wall. Only time will tell.If you are not much into the survival games wait for the free to play. BUT if you love DayZ and the survival genre. Might as well give this a go.
,Recommended,295110,14113604,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Officially Bananas,"It's a really good game. However, there are some flaws to it, but that's what being in Alpha means. It means that there are going to be flaws and that won't cloud my judgment. I'm excited to see the full version."
,Recommended,295110,14213354,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Courier,This game has taught me three life lessons-Everybody hates the French-People will murder you for having berries-If you've got a weapon you are going to have to murder everyone10/10 would pre-alpha purchase again
76561198053340664,Recommended,295110,14211117,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Grant Wiggo,"Alpha ReviewFirst off the graphics looks I'd say a bit below average but keep in mind its open world. The art official intelligence Is quite basic to say the least, a inprovement such as if the NPC doesnt have a clear line of sight it cant track your movement. But rather go to the last point it saw you and start to look in random directions to find you again.I have had a few problems with the guns disapearing in First Person only to see it reapear when i fire it. Giving away my location just to see and aim my own gun doesnt really appeal to me. But I'm sure it's short lived if the developers can keep it up like they do now. There was a 95% chanse of getting killed on sight (Being murdered the moment someone finds you) in DayZ. In H1Z1 it's another story, 80% of the people you meet is most likely friendly and is willing to give or trade you food.Being hostile is gonna make it harder to survive which makes for less Bandits which again makes for more enjoyable gameplay for the customer. I personally think that paying for a Air Drop is unnecessary you should have been able to find something like a Flear gun to signal a passing plane which could be randomly generated to pass over large plains. PvP gameplay is a bit cluncky but im sure it will also be fixed shortly.Rateing on Alpha:-Lighting physics and particle Physics 7,5/10-Textures and Modeling 6,5/10-Movement physics 6,5/10 (Feels a bit like Fallout 3 or New Vegas)-Map design 7/10 (Probably going to be changed soon)-Ragdoll Physics 7/10 (Zombie death Ragdoll animation looks good)"
76561198068066069,Not Recommended,295110,14010855,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Krazyrunnr,"Tried to join a server, told I had to wait 3 hours, couldn't join another one.I would jokingly give this game a recommended review but the devs honestly don't deserve that with everything they've managed to do wrong within 24 hours of release"
,Not Recommended,295110,18014032,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Golden Wolf,Game was really good at the start there was lot things to do!But after you build your shack or something hackers will come and steal all your stuff that you stored in your container!Im not recommending this game its totally waste of time you are gonna lose all your stuff in the game because of the cheaters!
76561198169427357,Not Recommended,295110,18102674,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Jokerxx552,"everyone in this game are complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, the updates suckass and the moment you get something good, you die."
,Recommended,295110,14515168,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,hemp Billy,veryy nice
,Recommended,295110,14133587,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Eiernacken,"So the pay2win how it every like to call it is a joke! this game is not pay2win here is a youtube video from some player i dont know but he like the p2w sarcasm so watch his video its about 3minutes to see how pay2win Not airdrop ishttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c11TBgLKnDwSo now to the game its out a few days for now and they fix and update alot i hope they keep working that hard in the future too.They also listen to community and fixed alot of major bugs like ammo duping,and working hard on lootspawn patch tomorrow.Positive its zoombie servival they have PvE,PvP,PvP recipe Wipe firstperson only and headshot zoombie only,PvP Firstperson only. alot of new eu servers not filled with huge waiting queues so open game join your server enjoy the gameNegitive the bow is bugged some times when players walk around me and i shot them i hear a metal sound and the arrow is stick into my self hope they fix it soon but for now its bugged.Advice kill players on sight coz 80% on the server are fools and try to trick you with the hey iam friendly and next second they attack you to get your stuff so dont fall to them kill on sight.if they start runing away you won and can keep your inventory .Thanks for Reading this"
76561198008717594,Recommended,295110,14152552,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Xx1Le,"This is my Early Access review, my review might change on full release.For an early access zombie mmo game, this is the most stable and already has more features than WarZ/Infestation Survivor Stories and Dayz Standalone to this day. This is the zombie mmo game I was waiting for. Right off the bat you get the main features that are supposed to be present in a zombie mmo. PvP, Vehicles, Crafting, Base Building, Hunting, Dynamic Weather, Animals, and H1Z1 does it well.Let's talk zombies, because it is a zombie mmo. They actually pose a threat! I've underestimated them a couple times by running into town trying to do a quick loot run but got surrounded by a horde! Even a couple zombies can get the grab on you if you're not careful. Now they're a little bit buggy at this point where you'll get rare occasions of them going through a wall or attack you on top of a vehicle but nothing too irritating like the Dayz Standalone zombies. Theres also other bugs too, but again nothing that will totally ruin your gameplay experience. I'm sure within a month 90 percent of the bugs will be cleaned out.Now let's talk about the pay-to-win controversy. So you've probably seen reviews and articles about H1Z1 being a pay-to-win game, and I do agree with what the people are saying. In my opinion airdrops should be a rare item you find in the world, or win off the ""Battle Royale"" game mode. Like most people are saying, remove the payable airdrops all together, and instead make extra cosmetics as something we can pay for.There is another reason why they should remove the airdrops as something you have to pay for. That reason is because it is utterly useless! So it is still considered pay-to-win, BUT the chances of getting the loot you payed for? VERY LOW! Playing for 10 hours now I've rarely seen airdrops, and when I do the person that activates it attracts a lot of attention and always gets wrecked by other players. So you're pretty much paying for a quick pvp battle instead of receiving guns and taking advantage over other players. It's a waste of money, and that is why they should remove it. So don't let article titles and reviews fool you by saying, THIS IS A PAY TO WIN GAME, because in a way, IT ISN'T!Overall I totally recommend this game to fans of the zombie mmo genre or are interested in finally playing one. Don't read the misleading reviews, although respect to those who made negative reviews that actually played this game!AGAIN, this is a early access game and will be free when its fully released, so for you impatient ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s like me that play this game and say it's crap, well then it's YOUR FAULT and the developers for releasing a early access game, because Early Access Games shouldn't be a thing to begin with...BUT, H1Z1 is the first early access game I played that is actually great!"
76561198039192501,Not Recommended,295110,15160411,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,da_fronz,"The game was fantastic at first and now you have made the game imposible for newcommers and exploration. the zombies and wild life are way  to aggressive, thats why i quit playing ""dayz"".  There are not enough vehicles to go around and a new pistol, with no ammunition. There isn't enough ammo for any weapon to cope with hords of zombies or animals. loved the game at first, hate it now."
76561198071844142,Recommended,295110,15240287,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Gears Gambit,The best alpha game i have come acrossed in a long time. The devs are always there to fix issue after issue in a good amount of time.10/10 best zombie game this year!
76561197980039905,Not Recommended,295110,14020638,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,lokokokode,"Compared to streams/dev vids of H1z1 it seems like the released early access version is way more worse...For example,- Where are those zombieee hordes, every stream was showing? ingame we have 1 or 2 zombs which dont even attack!!!111- Oh, on some servers there isnt even one animal nor zomb!?- Whats about the connections? i looted an object and got the loot half hour later!? seriously?- Why are such things like stamina, hyd, energy whatever that low from the start? its like playing against the watch cause there isnt simply any/much loot to get to survive in most cases/on full servers -.-- h1z1 was delayed for half a year and soe still has just a male character!? come on, i surely can learn all those things to create it all by myself in the same time - SOE, u were on holidays the last year or why it seems like u didnt work on that game for such a long time (compared to those vids from last year)? Was it that hard or a time burner to program your *maybe* highest priority , the ingame shop?- Last but not least: Why the heck soe has eu servers but none of them for pvE !?!? come on...I know, for most of the questions you can say, well ""early access, thats why..."" but, come on, so much time passed. Why its feeling like they just made it over the weekend!?"
,Not Recommended,295110,14020861,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Rick Rolleo,"It´s a Survival game. and i cant reccomend it right now.. hold of until atleast tuesdayImagine if The forrest and Day-z had a kid and that kid got a animatronic teddybear from uncle Rust, and the teddy bear had just 1 finger beacuse the other fingers where ripped off by the big bad war-z, H1z1 is the toe of that teddybear in it´s current state.No way near enough player slots on the servers, feels very much like pay to win right now, just call in airdrop and you have enough gear to kill anything for the next 2 hours, also you can camp near some tall buildings for 30 min and guns are a guarantee..Berry picking simulator 2015"
,Not Recommended,295110,14801487,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Ewok,Just bought the game...... Cant even Create a account...... Not worth it so far
,Not Recommended,295110,24620448,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,serkle,"I do not find this game fun.  I run around for a few hours and find nothing of use in terms of loot.  Every server has people that already have everything and have nice bases built, so it isn't very fun dying all the time.  In order for the game to be more enjoyable there would have to be more frequent server wipes."
76561198262278616,Not Recommended,295110,34301347,Posted: 16 August,all,Алексейевка,"Me will not play anymore, new version sucks, it's not H1Z1 anymore, sorry, me quit this game.Goodbye Pleasant Valley,Goodbye Ranchito Taquito.Goodbye Cranberry.Me remember pleasant valley has a lot of American and stupid Chinese player, they live together.Me remember Ranchito Taquito has many American player loot with me.Me remember Cranberry has some noobs get the gun from me.I builded a base, I can park my car in it.I raided other bases and I got a lot of stuff.Now I don't know how to drink water.Now I don't know how to cook the meat.Now I don't know how to build a big base.Now I don't know how to use the fahking coins.I can't see H1Z1.I can't see where are the waters.I can't see my old friend.I can't see where is ""Astaroth"" and ""Another day"".I know you changed it.I know you dropped it.I know you killed it.I know you Ruined it.It's not H1Z1 anymore again.It's not crazy game anymore.It's not for old player anymore.It's not being good to us anymore.Like this comment to help more playerLike this comment to help Those who want to buy this game.I wanna let daybreak see this.I wanna let more player see this.I wanna let them change this.I wanna let me dream this.Where the fahk are my friends.Where the fahk are my garages.Where the fahk are my bases.Where the fahk is my favourite map.Goodbye, H1Z1, Rest in Peace, hope heaven has no pains.Just Survive, you mother fahcker.They didn't even finish to make this new map, so why did they send the fahking new version? Give me my Pleasant Valley map, or the map like H1Z1:KOTK that Z2 map. Badwater canyon sucks, and I only got dirty water, because it named ""Badwater"" canyon, fahk you New Map.Sorry for my bad English.Bring Z1 back or Bring Z1 back with Z3."
76561198127345382,Not Recommended,295110,34276430,Posted: 16 August,all,hollow point,fix  the verification plz i would like to play the game but cuz daybreak wants to use its own account systerm instead of the relyable steam auto log in i cannot play the game i payed for witch is again soo anvynoing  sorry for the miss spellings
76561197991844714,Not Recommended,295110,34278438,Posted: 16 August,all,Rex Smashington,Good god.  Bought the game after hearing the revamped it with this badwater canyon update.  Figured I have the security of a Steam refund.  Taking it now.  Terrible game.  Texture pop in like crazy on a GTX 1080.  Game looks and feels like crap.The new map is like 1/4 of the map.  It's not even finished.  Where is the original map.  Looks like they took it out of rotation so now 65 players have to play on a 1/4 of a map.  This is cancer.Just buy Miscreated.  It does everything you want in H1Z1 but way better on a beautiful graphics engine and a huge map.
,Not Recommended,295110,23384065,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Draggins,Devs do nothing to balance anything nor do they have a functional anticheat. Don't ♥♥♥♥ing buy this game. Its garbage.
,Not Recommended,295110,19753587,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,SFC Burkey,I like this game and all but people are heartless ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. So it's more like a respawn simulator than anything.
,Not Recommended,295110,20046947,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,no u,"Ahh, If only they put in the effort to make the game like they put in the effort to make the trailer."
,Not Recommended,295110,20058167,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Freaks its piss,10/10 would refund again
76561198179141241,Not Recommended,295110,20167536,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,DionMeme,I spawn.I look for guns.After 20 minutes i find a hammer.I see 2 guys with guns.He threatens me with a bow.I beg him to let me go.He opens fire. (Or he opens a stick! LOLHe missed.Then im thinking: Ok i have a hammer and they got a bow. It's war motherf***kerI die and never play this game agian.There is alot of lag and the start menu looks very old school.When i see this trailer i think aww yeah this is my new fav game.But it sucks!I spend FRICKIN' 19 £ and what i get is the most lagging game and worst graphics ever!Do not buy this game because you will regret it!Graphics 3/10Lag 1/10Gameplay 1/10H1Z1 will get a 3/10
76561198264295112,Not Recommended,295110,25989452,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,^6⎛𝓙𝓪𝔂𝓵𝓪⎞,are you fkng serious...... im sorry but this is the worst game ever... only way i will love it agian is if you get your god damn lazy asses up and fix the damn game..... its insane how many damn times i die for NO FKN REASON.... im on my way to my fkn base... im goin up ramp.. i glitch through the fkng platform and blow up...... with half good fkn♥♥♥♥♥♥......... i swear this game.......... you will have way more♥♥♥♥♥♥♥money if you fix your damn game. stop ADDING♥♥♥♥♥♥AND FIX IT. maybe you will get more people to play your damn game.........
,Not Recommended,295110,34759944,Posted: 5 September,all,go to spawn,"This game used be soo cool, but now it kills my ♥♥♥♥ing fps from 30-40 to ♥♥♥♥ing 10!!!!Not only that, I'm a lone tiger, that likes to do things by myself and not let other people grief it in the pve server (cuz I can't trust any toxic people on the internet to help me). Then they introduced ""♥♥♥♥ING STRONG HOLD"" where you must work with others inorder to survive.....In the old days, I was like ""oh this game has cities, cars and many cool things!"" but now it's all empty and zombies are spawning everywhere, doesn't feel much like a zombie survival game anymore, instead it this game is about zombies♥♥♥♥♥beating the players.In the end I just wanted to play this game and experience zombie survival, just like the show ""Z nation"" ""walking dead"".Well it used to be like those, but ♥♥♥♥ it now.Buy it if you want to experience ""disappointment""."
76561198119151386,Not Recommended,295110,35050344,Posted: 18 September,all,Ms.Potathoe,YOU SHOULDN'T LMAO GO PLAY PUBG
,Not Recommended,295110,14020963,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,[TIIQ] Imstyle,"The fact this company made me have to get a refund because it cant tell the truth was bad,"
,Not Recommended,295110,19705798,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,tiniwinibitiimutenakbergizi,i just play game for pve.. and its broken surviving elements.... to easy find food. to easy find gun. zombie just for decorated. die from zombie just once for first time i play. base element is broken... i lock door but other player can come in my base.? wat?
,Recommended,295110,14102931,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Hezza,The rating is currently bad and it shouldn't be. This is awesome.
,Not Recommended,295110,17322952,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Locket,"This game is full with ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, and if u arent an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ yourself u gonna start to hate this game noone is friendly or is willing to help out new players they gonna trick you or straight up kill u to get there boners."
,Not Recommended,295110,17915362,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,IIR6AndMoreII,I NEVER GOT MY ♥♥♥♥ING REFUND
76561198137998303,Recommended,295110,14473810,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,^^FF^^26TROO,"I havent reviewed a game yet but i fell i should for this...H1Z1 is an amazing game which if someone sayed its in early acess i wouldnt beleive them and say whats too add..H1Z1 is a game where you can make eneimes but most of all you can find friends.. friends who will travel with you to get to Pleasant Valley and when their you all die by a hacker,[9/10] Wonderful game thought I wish their was less hackers"
76561198030914808,Recommended,295110,14091438,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Jackjon7,one of the funniest games ive ever played!
,Not Recommended,295110,15318653,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,⋖ℭ𝔥𝔞𝔬𝔰𝔰⋗,"Got banned for reason ""developer"", then they changed the ban reason to ""Pircay"" after I posted a screenshot showing the ban reason to Reddit (SEO, not the new devs)I can't condone that sort of behavour from any respected developer and thus I cannot reccomend this game as mine was not an isolated case!The small amount of time I did have with the game I felt that the environment art in the buildings and attention to detail on the props is absolutely top notch, Big props to the environment artist on that one! sadly the natural area and flat interior lighting lets the visual aspect of the game down.Gameplay felt a bit bland to be honest although I did enjoy the first few encounters which put me on the edge of my seat.Sadly when I got to play there was a large element of ""pay-to-win"" which immediately put me off and I hope that this has since been corrected/fixed.It has potential but has had a very troubled start."
,Recommended,295110,14092908,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,eBloodyCandy,"If you enjoy DayZ and/or Rust then this game is up your alley.  It's kind of a mashup between DayZ and Rust.  An Open World Survival game that allows you to learn recipes to craft weapons, first aids, food, shelter, etc. (Done very well I might add).  You will find plenty of friendly people and plenty of jackasses in the game like any other online multiplayer game, but you will spend a decent time alone since it's hard to meet up with friends in the game.  The ability to kill wildlife and obtain meat and fat for fuel for vehicles is a nice addition and also the ease of fixing and obtaining vehicles.  Guns and Ammo are a little scarce to come by."
,Recommended,295110,14089814,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Vampevil,"Dont Give a♥♥♥♥ what No one says. This is It. right here . pay to win or not. This is the open world Zombie game i have been waiting for.  Take it from some one who has logged in hours and played on streamer servers.  This game is Brutal. In my Oppinion, its only going to get better."
,Recommended,295110,14079426,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,VonZap,This game is alot of fun...Look out for the arrows
,Recommended,295110,14435814,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,._.,"H1Z1 is a f*cking fantastic game, if you're crying and posting on reddit about how many hackers you encounter you should probably consider killing yourself.Unlike most zombie survival games this is actually getting updated hence getting bigger and better (Unlike my p*nis :( ).I've en-counted one hacker and he himself already confirmed to myself and friends that he was in fact a dirty infidel virgin that sits in the corner at school and gets bullied by the bigger better and cooler kids. Obviously we proceed to let him know how ugly and greasy he was. (I'm pretty sure he killed himself after that roast). Once that chapter of my life was complete we went on to re-spawn and continue our voyage (Unlike that sh*t walking dead show).10/10 game."
,Not Recommended,295110,17798919,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Dunning–Kruger Effect,Very unprofessional game development.
,Recommended,295110,14078884,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Sgt. Joker,"This game is NOT P2W. I REPEAT, NOT P2W! When people call in airdrops. the ENTIRE map sees the plane and all kinds of people swarm the crate. I've stolen peoples airdrop loot before, and so have my friends. If that is P2W, I don't know what is.    That being said, I'll move on to other subjects in this review. The game is (obviously) in it's alpha stage, so there's glitches here and there; This should be expected! Do not buy an early access titles and complain about little glitches; You know what you are getting into. Now, there is a difference between 'little' glitches and 'game-breaking' glitches, and when this game first came out on early access a few days ago, there were tons of the latter. Some of those glitches include, not being able to log in, and loot being EXTREMELY scarce, which in my opinion, made the game super unenjoyable.This leads me to another key point to my review, the dev support. The devs patched the game after the rocky release, allowing people to log in, but then loot didn't work correctly, so they rolled out another patch and now everything works great(ish). The also have a patch heading in sometime soon after the point of this review that will fix, server performance, and the floating arrow glitch. The dev support is great so far.Now, for my final point, and maybe to some, the most important one, fun factor. This game is great fun, especially with friends. The controls are simple, which I believe is a great thing because similar game, DayZ, has very complicated controls that can turn off some users. The crafting system is very reminiscent of games such as 7 Days to Die, and Rust. The crafting system is also extremely expansive with many different things to craft. The looting system is very similar to 7 Days to Die, which has a wheel that shows the amount of seconds it takes to loot an object. It's a good loot system and it works well as of now. The other players are plentiful due to the 200 slot servers. You will always find other players and unfortunately, like DayZ, they are all mostly hostile. I have literally spawned next to other fresh spawns, just to have them scream into their mic like 3 year olds and kill me for the loot I don't have. I have also had times where I wind up with a large group of friendly randoms and loot and survive together, but that's a rare occasion. Server performance in here and there. Zombies are usually performing fine, but animals suffer badly. The deer act like they consumed 3 tons of meth. They bounce around, randomly disappear, and run at the speed of light. Wolves will usually run up on you and attack, but sometimes they run up on you, stop, and stare while you arrow them to death.While this game has it's short comings, it is still a great game, especially for it being in the alpha stage of development. With great dev support, fun gameplay, and that feeling of never knowing what's going to happen next, I recommend this game, hands down."
,Not Recommended,295110,19174894,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Chiisun,"Well deserved negative reviews. While i got some cash off from crates, I can definitely say the game still hasn't got any zombies or loot in servers. The only focus of the game seems to be br and that is wrong."
,Recommended,295110,14091345,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Slaughterhouse,"More time logged in 4 days with launch issues than i logged on DayZ... These guys have the right idea. If you wanna read all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t you see that is from angry people who do not understand Alpha Gaming... you are not purchasing a game you purchasing the ability to join in during the ""testing phase"" testing phase... testing phase you ♥♥♥♥ heads!They have the right idea and will move in the direction to be the zombie survival game we are looking for.. I have em all.. Rust, DayZ, 7DTD, Stomping Land, etc... if you surviving im playing.. I really do enjoy what i have seen from h1z1.. the loot has recently been fixed and once we get past the server issues this will be dope.But all in all if you cant handle down time and errors wait for the finished project in 2016 and you will be happy with it.Hit me up if you need a crew to roll with, we play pvp fyi."
,Not Recommended,295110,14006928,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Phobosia-,may be worst game I've ever played. Don't buy this bull♥♥♥♥♥♥ I want refund...
,Not Recommended,295110,14006460,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Worst player in NA,soo sad bought the game cant even play it cmon sony ?
76561197995567932,Not Recommended,295110,14007429,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,SStKelleydad,Bait and switch Smed has become known for. It IS a Pay to Win game.
76561198039260206,Not Recommended,295110,14007673,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,-SiRReFNoTLoK-,Could possiably be a very good game if you could ever get the Launchpad to connect had this problem since i bought it that was almost 10 hours ago do dont buy this game until its complete let them pay for there own game.
,Not Recommended,295110,14006522,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,SDMotoz363,WHY LIST IN FREE TO PLAY ? IF YOU ARE GOING TO RELEASE IT EARLY ACCESS THEN DO THAT NOT OFFER IT IN BOTH...FALSE ADVERTISEMENT! SO I PAY ANYWAY THEN IT DOESNT WORK...WTF
,Not Recommended,295110,14007408,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,THEY TOOK 'ER F.O.B's,"The shady behaviour of the developer has already got me worried, this is WarZ / Infestation: Survivor Stories all over again."
,Not Recommended,295110,14007712,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,vipzxxx,yah dose not run on 32 bit gay OR ON MAC
,Not Recommended,295110,14002909,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Sirphie,horrible
,Not Recommended,295110,14011372,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Bunny,"Rubbish game, do not waste your money. HUGE dissapointment!"
76561198122882509,Not Recommended,295110,14006433,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,jtbreezy578,♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t♥♥♥♥♥launch for a game that charged us money. ridiculous
76561197971447174,Not Recommended,295110,14007247,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Nightmare,The day Daybreak Games (Owned by a investmentr broker) took over SOE's games they died. Tjis game if SOE still had it could have been great.. Daybreak is a company who cant seem to do what they say they will they took over EQ Next kept saying its on track blah blah then canceled it...This H1Z1 is so buggy so well boring its another failure I am waiting for Dayfail to can this as well. This company is real bad I wouldnt touch a thing they make ever again.
,Not Recommended,295110,14018108,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,SkillerPenguin | C. Lauret,"Quote from H1Z1 devs: ""We will NOT be selling Guns, Ammo, Food, Water... i.e. That's kind of the whole game and it would suck in our opinion if we did that.""""I don't feel that I'm alone in saying this - I don't care how long ago you said it. You were right when you wrote it and it does suck.If you say you're not going to sell ducks, then proceed to start selling boxes with ducks in them I fail to see the difference, even if you kick the box out of a plane to deliver it.Smed you went back on your word - that makes you a liar. This is not a good thing in the F2P space. I also imagine that the refund department of steam just removed you from their Xmas card list - they will have a lot of extra work today thanks to you.Ps what amazes me the most - you had the opportunity to do a backflip on this and all would have quickly been forgiven. Instead you do this faceplant.../slowclap""- FjorgVanDerPlorg, redditWhat he said = 'nuff said. P2W."
76561198074639099,Recommended,295110,14359804,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Hutchy,No P2WIts Just a Great Game11/10
76561198031255284,Not Recommended,295110,15052176,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Emiel Louis,"After playing for what i would consider enough time, i feel like i am finally ready to write a review of H1Z1, as i should considering that i am testing the game to try and improve it.The game is in its current state not worth buying, unless you are going to play, so that you can help the devs improve upon it. I feel like the game has way too short of a playtime to be considered worth it, and what time you actually spend playing it feels like a waste, as all there is to it is essentially a free-for-all deathmatch with item drops and basebuilding.You can also put it in the category with WarZ, DayZ (to a degree), Nether, and so on, as H1Z1 is also a d-bag simulator, where everyone is a d-bag just for the sake of d-baggery, killing you as a freshspawn even if i does require incredibly rare ammunation. The worst part about the d-bag-trend, is that the developers (unlike the ones from the other games), aren't even trying to adress this issue, not even the slightest and it doesn't seem like they are going to change their attitude.Otherwise the game actually shows a great amount of potential, far more so than the abovementioned games. Overall the game is actually quite well, the graphics are nice (assuming your PC is particularly good, otherwise you'll get what looks like texture splatter, and overall terribleness), I have personally had good fun playing with friends, at least for a while, however the game fails horribly at zombies (who are supposed to be the main enemy, yet they merely a nuisance), only 1 in 1000 vehicles can ever be made drivable (what the actual ♥♥♥♥), the map is so, so samey, dull, and repetative, but worst of all is the fact that other players are d-bags, it entirely ruins the game, loot despawns after approximately 5 minutes, people will kill you over the fact that you own a pair of pants and a T-shirt, leaving all your other stuff to despawn, leaving you without a change to ever get it back due to the loot despawn timer. Again, it is not worth buying in its current state, but i would look again in the future to see if it has improved."
,Recommended,295110,14137012,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,0J0E0,"It's okay. Pretty much like Dayz Standalone and ""WarZ."""
,Recommended,295110,35145629,Posted: 22 September,all,♛Pastor♛,"After putting in 700 hours into this game, and coming from the Z1 just survive, I can honestly say this game is 100% worth the purchase, and is definitely heading in the right direction with all the updates that have been going on with it. The only thing that i don't like that they changed is the fact you can't build a base anywhere and it must be on a stronghold. Although i understand the reason for this update.For all the little kids out there that keep crying every time the game updates and the servers get wiped, go find something else to play if you don't enjoy the grind early game. It's taken so long for developpers to actually give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about the game and make it better. During the Z1 days everyone complained that devs didn't put any effort into the game (which in my opinion they really didn't). Then once the devs actually start focusing on making the game betterand updating it so that the game is playable, and they focus on the anti cheat system (which is actually working this time around) people start crying and complaining that the servers are getting wiped. It's sad how ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ people can be and it sucks to see one of my favorite games get such a♥♥♥♥♥♥rating because of idiots who can't decide whether they want the game updated or not. If the devs read this, i appreciate all the work u guys are putting into this game (even though some would think it's too late) and I'm pretty down to see where this game is going to go from here. As long as you can keep cheaters off the servers i'll continue to play the ♥♥♥♥ out of this game."
76561198029737899,Not Recommended,295110,21290479,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,majchaos29,This company straight up lied.  H1Z1 was slated to be the best survival horror game to date with a Battle Royale side game.  After that early access it was to be free to play. Nope. Now theyre splitting the game and charging for each and re-neggin on the F2P????  Wow way to screw over the new people who were going to wait for F2P. None of the bugs are worked out and the only content added is skins and crates which you have to pay more money to open.  It's still an F'n alpha for crying out loud!  Stay away....stay far away!  Look out Titov...here comes Daybreak.
76561198217445096,Not Recommended,295110,17886173,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Get_rekt,Hackers
,Recommended,295110,16199263,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Mrs. Clausen <3 #FOR ALTID <3,"I like this game 10/10.Met some awesome people. Built bases with them , do some quest with them , raid people with them , Played some BR (battleRoyale) with them. They're awesome.I tried playing Battle royale ALONE , but got no luck for the first place , only got the 7th PLACE, but its still fun , hopefully when i get to play for the next BR , i would get first place. U_U #KEEPDREAMING"
,Recommended,295110,14074180,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,SaturnsVoid,"Well so far i can say that i have high hopes for this game. Don't worry about all the ""Its Pay2Win!"" people, its not. Yes you can order in airdrops but they are not just yours, everyone in the map will know there is one coming and it will be dropped in a 700m area around you, meaning other people can get to it first, it makes it a server event, you cant do it on a empty server eather.I feel that if you overlook the miner bugs and glitches you should expect from a game thats Alpha, its great. I feel that it is at a better level then DayZ Standalone is at this time. I give it a 7/10 right now. I expect it to be a 10/10 F2P game when it releases for the normal people."
,Recommended,295110,14064033,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Chickenuts,Myself and a friend were being chased by 4 sprinting zombies. We saw a player ahead going into a house. We cut through the house screaming 'AAAGGGGHHHH ZOMBIES!' while the player looked on bewildered.The Zombies ate the player and we got away safe. 10/10
,Recommended,295110,18109662,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,HENTAI DUDE,i hate this game so much but i can't stop playing it
,Recommended,295110,17519189,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,MagnumZ CSGOSCAMPOT.RU,11/10 would twerk again
76561198054292263,Not Recommended,295110,17835649,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,jackezekiel,CANNOT GET IT WORKINGHAD THIS GAME SINCE THE START AND IT WORKED FINE. FOR THE PAST FEW MONTHS I HAVE GOT THE G99 ERROR WHICH IS UNFIXABLE FOR ME. IVE DONE EVERYTHING TO TRY AND FIX IT.AT THE MOMENT NOT IMPRESSED
,Recommended,295110,14140771,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Jeruhmi,"A lot of fun to play alone, and with friends! I love it. Well worth a try :)"
,Recommended,295110,14089474,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,fr0st.,"This game is great. Sure it had a rocky start but it's an early access game, and no doubt alot of the reviews on this game are going to be from that.This has been out for 6 days and has already had quite a few huge updates to the game, This game is being made by one of the most capable Game Dev teams and I have every faith that they are going to keep adding to and making this game better and better as time goes on.This is the game that DayZ is meant to be in my opinion, with the awesome addition of being able to craft. So Rust + a good DayZ + A capable Development team = H1Z1As for everyone claiming its ""Pay to win"", grow up. It would be so hard for you to actually acquire the drop, due to the server population required to actually spawn the aircraft. You are paying for instant anarchy on the server, A massive congregation of people fighting over a box falling out of the sky. Please tell me how it is Pay to win with the inability to individually purchase guns from their marketplace.Looking forward to future updates for this game, 20/10 game"
,Not Recommended,295110,31610382,Posted: 7 May,all,coup de grâc3,"great i can review this piece of trash twice!what can u say over 2 years in early access, but hey better release a second game in early access also!this kind of business should be illegal and all the people behind it should be put in jail"
,Not Recommended,295110,14008718,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,/conx,"Was really hypd about this game. Looked really good, sounded like good, hard working devs on the team. Then I see the airdrops/market place tabs. I was seriously hurt buy this. Sony said it wouldn't be pay  to win, but it is. Why'd you go back on your words? The money? The ceo's word? I mean come on guys. You had a solid gahe and now it's gone. The trust, the core, and hyp! Gone."
,Not Recommended,295110,14011652,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,ANT1-HERO,"This game is made of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and Lies, the new warZ"
76561198062145181,Not Recommended,295110,14011113,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Salicar,Game is very unplayable atm. Devs said no paying to get guns but airdrops have them. To many people so no loot spawns and the lag is unbearable. hold off on this one intill its fixed.
,Not Recommended,295110,14016537,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Deadpool,"Bring my money back!♥♥♥♥ this♥♥♥♥♥♥and your ""pre-alpha"" move-tone!"
76561198007134315,Not Recommended,295110,14005361,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Frostblitz20,Well for starters they lied about not being Pay to Win on Airdrop items which suppose to be only Cosmetic items only such as mask/clothing/skins only but today watching a streamer he go ta AR15/ a landmine and a Mechete....If this is not pay 2 win then idk what is. one of the core things i was looking for is a game where its not like Warz *ISS* all over again...
76561198079566461,Not Recommended,295110,16058920,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,caprisun,walking and looking for scrap metal with some pvp.
,Not Recommended,295110,14008675,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Salad Tosser,"This game is terrible, it is actually worse than War Z. Loaded in ran around for awhile found a bunch of people, killed a zombie, got bored logged off!"
,Recommended,295110,14078833,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,SpeedYz,"SpeedYz' review of H1Z1Very big open world. I would say it'd take an hour and a half to walk from one end of the map to the other. So you'll find alot of interesting and diverse locations and zones.The looting system is close to reference as 7 days to Die.There is Character meters such as: Hydration, Stamina, Energy (food), and Health.These had a little rocky start but SOE has been quick to polish it up!You will find the easiest food to obtain is blackberries, I highly suggest grabbing as many as you can all the time as they will save your life!The Food that recovers the most energy is cooked meats from the wild game.There is a different and very interesting crafting and ""discovery"" system.In order to create Items, you most obtain all the required Ingredients and place them in the Discover bar and you will learn the ""recipe""You will than switch to the Crafting Tab and craft that item.This goes with Shelters, Cabins, weapons, Food, Clothes, Literally anything and everything new discover something about it.The combat is very well done and different for each weapon.Hand to Hand is very fluent well polished more than other weapons.Axes/machettes all are basic swing/click and be sure to aim for the enemies head!All of the firearms work as expected fine.Driving Vehicles you first need at least a battery and spark plugs and a driveable vehicle.They have what I've seen 4 different vehicles: Pickup Truck, Police Car, Offroad jeep, VanThe Driving physics are very well polish, it doesnt rubberband, its realistic, so becareful hitting bumps in the road and turning a corner too sharp as you can roll them!My experience so far has been 25hours and I highly suggest investing the minimul $20 and picking up this awesome Zombie Survial MMO by Sony Online Entertainment! It is early acces and it is already much more advanced than DayZ standalone and Rust wich both have almost 2 more years of Early AccesI'd say its a masterful combination of DayZ MOD - 7Days to Die- and Rust!PLEASE REMEMBER THAT THIS IS EARLY ACCES AND THINGS WILL CHANGE. THERE WILL BE BUGS. CHARACTER WIPES ARE POSSIBLE."
,Not Recommended,295110,14017473,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Hypoman,"P2W... Dont Buy. Just like ISS (Infestation Survivor stories, WarZ)Refund"
,Not Recommended,295110,18487206,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,sleepovers,1)THIS GAME IS THE BUGGIEST  GAME IVE EVER PLAYED.2)WAY TO MANY HACKERS3)THE QUEUE TIMES ARE RIDICULOUSp.s i find it quite funny that this game is abt 20$ over 30k people play and they cant seem to get more servers to suite the amount of people that actually play. but it seems the creators will learn the hard way after people will get tired of waiting almost 5 mins just to play one ♥♥♥♥ing game. i find it quite ridiculous. get your stuff together h1z1 creators
,Recommended,295110,14353298,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,* TuscanFPS,good game. +1
,Not Recommended,295110,20201342,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Zemouregal,"To put it short: It's not truely worth it, PVP version is good, the fast paced version. I regret buying this game. Just get DayZ."
,Not Recommended,295110,20378994,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Noob,"Horrivel. todas as vezez que eu tentei jogar tive varios problemas de login de jogabilidade...jogabilidade horrivel, infitos problemas pra comecar a jogar e eu nao falo mais nada se nao eu quebro alguma coisa de tanta raiva que eu tive com esse jogo..."
,Recommended,295110,14045465,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,monkaLoaf,"Don't listen to all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t butthurt reviews. This game is great, even for an early access game. Yes, on launch the game was very, very bad, but not this is GREAT. The devs have fixed every complaint within 2 days, and even more fixes are coming. For instance, Pay2Win. The airdrops were super OP, dropping within 250m, having one or two AR15s and a ton of ammo. Now, you have a 10% chance to even get a gun, it can drop within 750m, and takes a VERY long time to drop to the ground. By the time it hits the ground, there will be 3-6 other people at least trying to loot it also. And then if you survive the gunfight, there is still only a 10% chance of even getting a gun. How is that Pay2Win? The graphics on Med and Ultra pixels look insane. There is a very high amount of content in the game, including personal base building, lots of weapons, and even when you are bored or normal survival they have Bottle Royale, which is currently 100% free. Any bug I have personally found in the game, such as a studder every time you press E, is already gone. Loot used to be very rare, but now it is very common and you will almost always have at least a melee weapon. The best thing so far in the game is the atmosphere. Oh my god. The ambient music and fog and the constant zombie sounds make sure you feel like you are always about to die. This game is ALREADY better than DayZ, and it has been out for 2 days. Overall id give it a 8.5/10 at its current state, and based on what they say they are adding I would give it a 9.8/10 in about a month. Great job guys :D"
76561198071808602,Recommended,295110,14091419,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,CrateMercenary (aka sky),brawled a bear with fistsbear killed mebear was killed by a group of 4group of 4 people walked up to my corspe and started having a party
,Not Recommended,295110,16012407,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,D-Dayv,"full of hackers, horrible devs... peace"
,Recommended,295110,14092226,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Scavern,"A guy ran up to me, twerked infront of me, called me a lesbian qual and shot me with an arrow10/10"
,Recommended,295110,14314894,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Sodyp0p,"Keep in mind the game is in Alpha stage and the developers decided to let the gamers play for a month then take all the input and feedback and compile a list of things to start fixing for the next phase.I love the concept of open world and survival, crafting and killing zombies and building a base and teaming up with teammates.Currently in Alpha Phase...What I don't love it isn't player vs zombie it is currently player vs player the zombies are only a side attraction.  No base you build is strong enough to last 24 hours and is normally looted by next time you log on.   Even on PVE servers people might not kill you but they will ransack your base and take everything you have.  This is the main problem with this game.... no point in collecting resources for days just to have it all taken.  Which makes the gameplay much different then I anticipated. I was expecting a MMO feel like a town with a safe zone and a bank or something.  I will continue to follow and see what improvements are made."
,Not Recommended,295110,15451797,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Badomen,"Hey just everyone knows, This WONT WORK ON 32 bit Os. So dont waste your money."
,Recommended,295110,14094751,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,★,"H1Z1 is a survival based game, RUST, Minecraft and DayZ pulled togther, the merge between them is perfect in my opinion. The game to me is a very interesting game, containing shoulder shivering environments and intense gameplay. The detailing this game is amazing so if you have an awful computer don't bother getting it, ( unless you have a GTX680 or over ) go for it and get the game. It's completely worth it. Yes, this game DOES have bugs and glitches, but the H1Z1 developers are currently working on it all as we speak. Otherwise everything else is perfect, the visuals, the gameplay, the specific mechanisms within the game, at the stage it is at now I'd give it a solid 9/10. ~Zuckles"
76561198036656111,Not Recommended,295110,17851499,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,yonto,"H1Z1 was a really good game when it first came out, and still is.The problem I am facing is that I can't even login to the game, and it says my account is not the one I used when I originally played the game in beta - which.. it is. I have asked their support team multiple times, and they have not answered."
76561198065033168,Not Recommended,295110,17616339,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Kankuro,"It wont even let me play it anymore , I Keep getting error 32 , and its♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off"
,Not Recommended,295110,17944171,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,JackTri,"Bought it early on. Tried it out. Was disappointing in its execution: buggy, poorly optimized. Waited to see if it would improve over time with patches. Read the forums, turns out it got even worse. Wish I'd never bought it."
,Recommended,295110,14052777,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Yurtle,"If you don't want to deal with all the bugs, just wait till F2P comes. They say its Pay To Play, I really disagree.. Let me tell you why.~ Airdrops.. Everyone will see them comming and you'll barely make it out alive.~ There also has to be a certain amount of players on for them to call the airdrops.~ Rest of the stuff you can buy is just really BR tickets (Battle Royal) and Crate Tickets where you find the crates around the world, to unlock them.  Not sure what they consist of just yet.Now The Gameplay it's great. Graphics are nice, but graphics never tell how the gameplay is unless you play games for the graphics. I wouldn't see why you would play any game then."
,Not Recommended,295110,14007411,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Saint,"TERRIBLE!!!! DO NOT BUY!!!! PAY TO WIN TRASH.... THIS GAME NEEDS TO BE FIXED!... Not only is in nearly impossible to even log in... its even more impossible to join a server once you finally get the game launched.... even then once you are ingame it all looks great until you realise the kid with a mom and a creditcard will win every stinkin time because of the PAY TO WIN Air drops that the devs lied about.... Soe strikes again just like Planetside 2, DCUO, and this new abomination they lie to get you to spend money.... $20.00 to make the game pay to win on top of the $20 you just payed for a broken game....."
,Recommended,295110,14043844,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Pickle Rick!,Met a friendHe tried to kill meBesat him top death with a stick10/10 would beat someone with a stick again
,Not Recommended,295110,14011085,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,TheReven,"It was advertised that it wouldn't be pay to win then straight after release its pay to win... Its got pretty poor graphics for 2015, the loot system is completly flawed all in all a typical early access game Strongly against purchaseing this..."
,Not Recommended,295110,23714975,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Too Vain,This game is complete garbadge. Bugs and glitches everywhere. Unplayable/Unjoyable
,Not Recommended,295110,31386175,Posted: 26 April,all,LamasBla,"These guys appear to only be in it for the money... Why would they start releasing payed addon content to a unfinished game that is still in early access. They should be focused on finishing the content in the original game they promised us to begin with. ♥♥♥♥ you H1Z1 you♥♥♥♥♥♥biscuit mother ♥♥♥♥ers. Player Unknown: Battlegrounds is way better than your♥♥♥♥♥♥title anyways. Go eat some zombie♥♥♥♥♥♥and shove this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥up your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥you ♥♥♥♥in ♥♥♥♥ stick♥♥♥♥♥♥nuggets, You crackheaded ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥are greedy and you put shame and abusive of the privalage to release titles as EARLY ACCESS>P.S. Your addon will never come to life because all you are is a cumstain dripping down a rotted out zombie ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.♥♥♥♥...."
,Not Recommended,295110,14002972,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Burgyiv,ign 13/10 couldnt start the game because of the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t system errors
,Recommended,295110,14057178,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,nVis | WILCZAX,Lovly Game better than evry survival game!
,Not Recommended,295110,17898691,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Crikeuh_,"crashing 20% of the game, hackers, rain bug 50% of the games, more hackers, more crasing, shuts down randomly like 1/10 games.Did I mention it crashes alot?"
,Not Recommended,295110,14011858,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Freddy Rush,"Pay for airdrops, total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t."
,Not Recommended,295110,14010208,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,EVILKILLER,"Well so much for not being a pay to win game. If you can buy air drops and air drop have weapons, its a pay to win game."
76561197991622402,Not Recommended,295110,14050989,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,(☢)UrinalCake凸(◣_◢)凸,"Best part of the game was getting hyped about it and thinking it would go well with the DayZ addiction I have. I also liked the part of seeing what appeared to be a Jeep Wrangler in the dev portion during the lead up to release to public.As of right now having put in 3 hours of playtime where I found nothing but scrap metal, one can of refried beans, a hatchet and a machete as well as broken vehicles I never found part of, I can say that I was not disappointed at lack of loot, just that in three hours my guy would have been ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ a purple streak from all the black berries I  was feeding him.I imagined an aircraft control tower and an airport with a lot of cargo planes being launched as the skies were darkened due to air drop after air drop occuring.I fought a lot of people who I guess had no idea how to use in game voice and killed them. I ran into some people with guns, managed to kill one, but his buddy had a gun and looting your enemy is sketchy. I guess guns are easy to get when there's weapons and loot on demand as long as you pay for them.I ran into a pair of hackers that were teleporting about griefing and got killed. I respawned, started again, ate more berries, looted empty everything, found a hatchet, fought a group of three, killed them then considered the game as it stands currently in PVP servers.I tried PVE, then thought there was no point after 10 minutes of teddy bear time and still not finding anything.I got bored.Then I got my refund and uninstalled."
76561198024379593,Recommended,295110,14080617,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Hyiero,Some of the best fun I've had in a long time. Definitely worth $20
,Recommended,295110,15229427,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,DrunkPenguinz,"Great game, especially when you're doing real good in battle royale and your screen turns white out of nowhere, and you have to restart the game to get rid of it...Yea..."
,Recommended,295110,14047649,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,OverRated.NrSeven,"Stop crying bunch of morons, its early access, DONT BUY A GAME IN EARLY ACCESS IF YOU ARE TO NARROW MINDED TO KNOW WHAT EARLY ACCESS MEANS...Seriously...."
76561198097371545,Not Recommended,295110,18394930,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,LoveWan,为何不提前说中国IP不让玩？直接说明就好了，我还买个P啊
,Recommended,295110,14095552,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Farts and or Queefs,"Amazing, some of the most fun I've ever had on a survival game. It's right up there with Rust and Dayz! I would recommend this to all my friends and anybody interested in a survival game. Also the ""PTW"" so to speak aspect to this isn't like that at all. A person buys an airdrop and they have a chance of getting it. Some one could see if from the sky and go and try to take if for themselves, but if you where to get the air drop wouldn't give you any less of an advantage. Everything that is in that crate you can easily find anywhere in the world."
76561198015631684,Not Recommended,295110,14501354,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Shamm,"I really loved this game..  At this time I WILL NOT recommend this game to anyone.  Once again the Hackers have KILL these game. Feb 15th flying player, shooting threw walls and mounts makes it emposible to play this game.  IF Sony cant keep hackers out of there own Emails how do we expect them to keep hackers out of a game.  I hope to come back to this game but without some direct intervantion by H1Z1 it will not be likely.  YOU had a really good game Good Luck. DONT PAY THE 20 bucks to get HACKED.UPDATE 3-27-15"" hackers are being banned"" Game is getting fun again I hope to be able to give it a Thumbs up if this continues .. I do love the game..."
,Recommended,295110,16304989,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Martin Arthur Pugh,"Ok, so here we go,Put yourself in my shoes, you have just paid good money for an early access game.Note you fully understand there will be bugs and glitches.This game is brilliant, don't get me wrong, the only thing i can't for the life of me fathom is the fact i also have to pay for air drops and tickets to enter battle royale.Here's why, you buy a game that is in early access, meaning it is not complete and has bugs, then it charges you for in game things that are still buggy. This means that you will eventually buy an airdrop ticket, land an airdrop and then it will glitch, you wont be able to get everything from the cache, zombies will be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥you and not dying properly meaning you waste your money. note you have paid for early access.Same with battle royale. Purchase tickets for a feature of the game that still doesn't function properly and when it bugs out and doesn't work for you, your money is wasted. All in all this is a brilliant game and has great potential, lots of things need fixing but what do you expect."
76561198017967294,Recommended,295110,14098765,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Drudge Frudge,"If you have any respect for yourself I wouldn't buy this game yet, there are too many game breaking bugs and glitches. For instance I cannot play the game without instantly getting disconnected after I've joined a server. The came has great potential and may become a great game but, at the moment it is not worth buying and will give you a lot of trouble. Give this game a few more week or months before considering purchasing it."
,Not Recommended,295110,14014489,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,[BSB] Rhym3z,"One of the worst attempts at a zombie survival game yet.-barren, lifeless world.-horrible p2w features-complete lack of EU servers.-zero attemptes at any kind of realism-Horrible UI-Complete lack of loot"
,Not Recommended,295110,16981004,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,FuriousLogic,"Don't waste the money. I bought several copies of this and gifted them. The game itself is ok in theory. It's not bad. It's basically a FPS, Day-Z style survival game. I enjoyed that part of it.It's basically a KoS bow and arrow sim. There is no incentive to work together so noone does outside the purpose of killing other players. It's not really survival, it's just a deathmatch.The cheating is so rampant that the subreddit actually started banning and filtering posts about it. They have given dedicated servers to these mods, who whitelist them, which is suspicious considering how these mods are whitewashing their various communities on the topic of cheaters.This game is so thick with hacks it is completely pointless to play. The devs release shirts and shoes, etc instead of working on security. IIf Steam refunds had existed when I bought this I'd have refunded it."
,Recommended,295110,14090802,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,TheFadedSinner,"Great game, absolutely love it, can't get enough of it.would love to see more ammo spawns though and maybe disable explosive killing in PVE.Love seeing you guys work hard on making the game better, instead of being lazy♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥like another popular game.10/10 Won't stop playing."
,Recommended,295110,14040876,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Drgn Gold,"People QQQQQQQQQ about airdrops when the game is on alpha and this can be completely changed or even erased from the 1.0 (Official release) version of the game. They also seem to forget that devs will probably do some server/character wipes so that along with the airdrops changes (Which they are already doing) everyone will have a fresh start. Honestly I suspect people are using the ""OMFG P2W GTFO, DEVS LIED TO US"" as excuse to get a refund, when they actually didn't like the game overall and want to buy something else with said refund.Do I recommend this game? Yes. Is it playable? Yes. Is it better than x or y game? Not at the moment, it is an alpha, there will be bugs, weird stuff (Like floating objects or one wrecked car inside another) but so far the devs have been constantly working with the game, already up to 3 patches in 3 days and going for more, constantly listening to the community. This game has potential and as long as the devs keep a good work and people share their thoughts to improve the game this will turn into a good Survival MMO.This game didn't get the best start but it already has a good bunch of working features such as:- PvP and PvE Servers along with other rules within said servers.- Voice Chat- Crafting (Including ""homes"")- Usable Vehicles (Some fully functional, others needing missing parts or fuel)- Able to go inside most buildings.- Graphics look from decent to good.- Animals that can be hunted for food/materials.- PLENTY of objects that can be examined/looted.- Character animations bound to F1 or above such as: Hello, Don't Shoot!, Over There, Come Closer, FU*K YOU!, Etc.- Dynamic Environment: You can get water using empty bottles from the rain or rivers but of course you have to boil it so it is safe to drink, also you can chop down trees to get wood logs.Things that need to be worked with (Remember, Alpha)- Server latency/lag- Odd zombie behavior- For PvP: Reputation/Karma system- More Servers to handle the load of players trying to play- Bugs such as floating arrows, floating objects that should be on a building's wall, etc.- Loot not able to be looted (Rare bug)- Rain not working as intended (Not able to fill an empty bottle when it is raining as example)- Hunger/Thirst dropping quick (Which they are tweaking to be hard but not unfair hard, do u even eat berries brah?)- Loot not enough for the number of players in the server (They are tweaking this too)- Building(s ?) with odd colliders, not able to go through some areas of the building and stairs being not ""solid"".- And many other bugs that I haven't encountered myself... yet.May change/update the review as time goes and the game is updated/polished."
76561198056208736,Recommended,295110,15905039,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Nightfall,"I just bought the game , and my first impression about the game is really good. I think it is better than the other zombie survival games like DayZ , WarZ, infestation. Also it is cheaper than others. Just buy it and try , u wont be disappointed. PS: dont play it alone :D"
,Recommended,295110,14027185,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Emrico1__1,"This is the DayZ + Rust baby and they've done a really good job.Runs smooth, controls are nice. Going to be a good game..."
76561198015743606,Not Recommended,295110,15083249,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,corporal clink,really bad in general if your going to buy an open world zombie game buy dayz
,Not Recommended,295110,15073950,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Boshean,"DO NOT GET THIS GAME. It has been buggy for ages, There are tons of bases and loot. This is not a survival game it's a get as much loot as you can and kill noobs game."
,Recommended,295110,14055132,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,C9 LegitRc,Great Game not P2W killed a deer with my fist 10/10
,Not Recommended,295110,15042455,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,OneTroJayBro,"i understand this game is in alpha but holy♥♥♥♥♥♥here is an in-depth, well thought out video, of why i feel this way.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FDf5rlo2WMc&feature=youtu.be"
,Not Recommended,295110,14977203,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Sanus Ga(L)(L)us,>spawned in>realized I wasted 20 euro>uninstalled10/10 would uninstall again
,Recommended,295110,14045583,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Lehr und Wehr Verein,"I'm reviewing this game in it's early access state. I like the game, I think it has potential to be better than Dayz. Of course there are a few bugs (zombies hitting you while they have their back turned, weird animations). My only real objection to the game is the fact that this game in it's current state is a KOS♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ but once this game progresses I'm sure the devs will improve the AI to force people to work together.Another objection would be the utter lack of loot/long loot respawn times.The graphics look beautiful, some textures go wonky and the rain kind of looks odd but it is do-able.The reason I am reccomending this game despite the aforementioned bugs is that the devs have showed that they are dedicated to building this game right, even going as far as to offer refunds to disgruntled customers. If you don't like the bugs/objections I listed then feel free to wait until the full Free2Play version is released.Otherwise I'd rate this game a solid 6.8/10"
76561198114354177,Not Recommended,295110,17625855,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Moosacre,"If you're thinking about buying this game it's definetly not worth the money. Honestly the game it's self is lacking in a lot of areas, and gets pretty repetitive. Also if you plan on playing with friends be prepared to spend at least 30mins trying to find each other then again and again if you keep dying. Over all I wouldn't recommend this game to anyone for the price it is currently at."
,Recommended,295110,14055791,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,artis,"Ok I never write reviews, however due to the hate this game as been getting I wanted to spill some truths.  It is a fun game to play, and in many ways more advanced than most Early Access titles.  The graphics are above average.  Sound is very good and really keeps you on yours toes.  Gameplay is somewhat buggy but nothing to worry about.  Loot is just about right even though people are saying theres not enough.I personally would not consider this Pay2Win.  I see the model as something that will allow the game to be kept fresh and interesting.  Thats just my thoughts."
,Recommended,295110,14066476,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,ker2x,"Not as bad as everyone say.Not a ""pay to win"" (yes, the dev lied about the monetization but, hey, it's SoE ^^)I love the fact that there is some ""PvE only"" servers (and there is the good old PvP server too of course)."
76561197972628559,Not Recommended,295110,14127837,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Colonel Jessep,"First I read a lot of bad reviews and therefore stayed away from this game. Then suddenly it seemed that things had changed and so I went for it. Alas, that has not really turned out well.I understand that this is an alpha release and therefore many issues have not been addressed yet and changes are still to come, but I would assume that the basic direction of the game has been implemented and set.Anyway, most of the time I have spend running. Running and while I am running I collect berries as the energy and hydration loss is still staggering. I need to eat about 50 berries ""BUSHES"" just to stay alive for 30 minutes... (Also, do I really have to eat each berry individually ?) This is not convincing. Beside running from bush to bush I have been opening everything available with the result of ZERO... Well a few rotten food items popped up and that was about it. Well not 100% true as I once came across a cake and a tin only to find out that I can not carry a cake and a tin at the same time. Really... I only had a few berries on me and a stick... but that was already more than my character could handle.Even though I must have visited at least 50 buildings nothing useful has been left there, no cloths nothing. Again reality check please. I do not expect to find a bazooka or a shotgun readily available in every house, but maybe some cloth, a rucksack, a rope or the odd knife would have been left somewhere in this world.So I try the air drop. Great ! It disappears in the distance and once I catch up it seems that the crates are deliberately equipped with some noise creating device in order to attract as many zombies as possible. So having spend my air drop ticket only to pull a helmet out of the crate, I die and with that also my helmet makes a disappearing act.If I understand it correctly then the player pays for an air drop, which he/she might get or not as once it has landed anyone can grab it, but as soon as I die all this disappears. Hmmm...taking it that the ability of ""respawning"" is not necessarily realistic the developers could maybe force themselves to accept another slightly unrealistic feature, ie leaving people some of the things they carried; unless of course you want to encourage the player to buy more airdrop tickets to make up for the loss of all the things they bought or collected before and then lost.I have come across another Zombie Early Access game like this a few month ago which also had you buy a lot of things then it killed you and you had to start from scratch again. Hmmm...déjà vue...I did not like the principle then and I am not keen on it now either.Beside that, the game has not been able to create a feeling of community. It seems the ethos in the game, between the players, is ""kill first"" then ""ask"" or better ""loot"" later. There is no feeling like ""Hey someone survived, maybe we can trade or help each other"". It could be that groups of people form that know each other outside the game and then work together in the game, but it seems very unlikely that people who do not know each other start to collaborate in the game. At least everyone I encountered tried to kill me. And they always suceeded as they have already their bows and arrows while I am still running around with a ""STICK"" in my hand. (Anyone for a round of poo stick ?) This I must say is very much up to the developers. They can adjust the rules of the game to achieve either a ""work together"" atmosphere or a ""kill everyone"" atmosphere. At the moment ""kill them all"" is the mantra, which also means buy more tickets…All in all, my hopes were high, expectations were “well lets see” and reality is “no thanks” A pity. Maybe the developers will undergo a major rethink, but unfortunately when I look at this game right now I can not recommend."
,Recommended,295110,16368710,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,P O L Y B I U S,"Yes, H1Z1 is early access. This game has it's share of bugs, but the major bugs to get squashed by the dedicated developer team who update this weekly with each patch making the game that much more solidified. Still has it's moments with a little bit of wonky hit registration, and general optimization issues.However if you can get past the few negatives, H1Z1 is WELL worth your $20 dollars. The game is less intimidating to get in and learn thanks to BR mode's 'fast' paced gameplay. The community is okay from what I've seen, you do have a lot of paranoid people, and people that will shoot on sight, but that is to be expected I think.The game map is rather small, and you will get familiar with the areas quickly, but the dev team is promising an enormous map upgrade in the future.Tl;dr this game is picking up where DayZ abandoned and running the show. If you like the genre, buy this game. $20 and you won't regret it."
,Not Recommended,295110,14129606,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,海賊王,I want my money back. Waste of time.Pay2win all the way from the start.
76561198044473500,Not Recommended,295110,14013448,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Flexxo,Bigger P2W then planetside 2 on any PVP server...do hope that Privat servers ( if they come ) will have no airdrops inand that EU PVE servers soon will come12/1-2015Getting better not so much lag and abel to join severs now with out crashing.3 days more for the 200 more EU servers
76561197985588973,Not Recommended,295110,15687404,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,kraziiwillie,i cant even start up the game i keep getting a error g25 but i have a g force 6200 turbo cache and i cant start up the game did i just waste my money for no reason? can hany one help
,Recommended,295110,14055103,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Mŗ Jąɱïε MƈC,"I was originally hesitant to download this game due to the horrible reviews it got at the launch of this game but I soon realized. Yo, it’s EARLY ACCESS. Yes there will be issues and problems, errors, lag and bugs. Its EARLY ACCEES! Think of Day z, STILL in Early access and it came out ages ago and it is still full of bugs and issues and I paid more for Day-Z than i had paid for H1Z1. I am very hyped for this game and cant wait to play it.I understand the reason for people being angry at the devs for saying there won’t be any VALUABLE loot in crates and won’t be P2W but now there is a little. But think of it this way. If you know the crates are just full of crap and useless gear then you aren’t likely to risk your life to fight for the crate. BUT if you know there is a chance of a few guns spawning and some needed equipment, then lots of people will go to the crate which will encourage action and fights amongst players. I like the idea, but I would have had the crate spawning upon completing missions in game which the users had to do. The devs have balanced the crate issue out by making the crate HIGHLY visible with smoke and a parachute as well as making it impossible not to hear the plane. Even a deaf guy could hear the plane. The plance also flashes in the night sky due to its lights and the crate takes average 5 minutes to hit the ground from once calling it in.I also like the idea of being tied to a single server. No more server hoping! YES! I HATE when people server hop for good gear and have amazing guns and equipment and didn’t risk a single thing. Having a few cars about the map is also so good. No more waling for hours to get to places – like in Day Z Standalone.I am currently waiting to get into a server but I’ve been waiting for nearly 2 hours. I understand that there will be a lot of people on it and servers do crash but there should of been more servers available. There are currently 7000 reviews for this game and not everybody reviews the game so I would say there would be at least 50000 sales of this game. Even at that 50000 x 14.99 = 749500 pounds give or take a few thousand. What im getting at is, with the amount of money this game has made in the past few days there SHOULD be more servers. I have currently 3 hours game time without even being in a server.I have just got into a server. Ill keep you updated.Im 5 hours in and I LOVE this game! I was playing with a friend and after getting use to grid references we gradually found each other and played. We came in contact with many people who were friendly and chatted and grouped up to kill zombies and gather resources. Nothing like Day-Z when you got shot on sight. We got into a few battles and won. We had bows and our enemy had a handgun. It was so thrilling when we won. We are having to search for food and water now as our health is slowly going down but we have to make a fire to purify our water and cook our food first. The crafting interface is very easy and usefull. Very realistic. To craft you must first discover recipes to allow you to craft items. It easy to do, just drag in your items and it does it for you. I cant tel you how much this game i better than Day-Z and any other Zombie Sandbox i have played. H1Z1 beats Day-Z, 7 days to die, Rust and many more. With a few more patches and updates this game will be magnificent.The graphics are amazing and frames arent an issue; unlike Day-Z. There is no D-Sync and the terrain is superb with vegetation to scavenge and wildlife to hunt. Burnt out vehicles add to the Zombie feel and ruined empty houses do the same job.Overaall smashing game and would highly recomend it 8.5/10"
76561198092060700,Not Recommended,295110,17404868,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,SnoopShaggy,"Money spending simulator 2015.. oh wait, never mind, you spend real money so its not a sim..."
,Recommended,295110,17641516,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,AceVelez,"This game is awsome.  You can do almost anything u can think of whith EVERTHING you find.  so Scarvange it all.  Plus you can potentially meet awesome playeres, like @Xosski, either in game or on message board with people looking for teammates, groups, clans, or just a evening gang up on a local bully. This name of the game is survival and, if you want to survive in this massively insane world or literal backstabings and lies,  you NEED to make friends..  So GOOD LUCK.. See ya.. and when I do, You better put your hands up! And give me all of your ammo, Or else.. -.o"
,Recommended,295110,14064590,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,-a-chrome,"Amazing for an early access game even with the initial release ♥♥♥♥♥torm. The devs are really impressive and listen to community feedback. I feel bad for all the terrible knee jerk reviews people gave this game.If you were one of them peeps to get a refund over the early access launch, you should give it another shot!Battle Royale is addicting as ♥♥♥♥ also!"
,Not Recommended,295110,14121904,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Larry June,"Until they fix the loot respawn rate, there is no way you can possibly play this game and have fun. There is virtually no loot that spawns after the restart, only way to get loot is to kill other people.But those other people payed to win with airdrops so you die anyways.......Not to mention the dupers..Either way until this is fixed, i do not recommend this garbage"
,Recommended,295110,14075591,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Freaky,"Great game, Whoever says it is pay to with is an idiot, My only suggestion for the future is to scrap free to play and just make it a $20 game with no micro transactions."
,Not Recommended,295110,16224257,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,TacticalJedi,This is like the arcade version of DayZ. I personally didn't like the combat and I don't find it realistic. I don't recommend this game
,Recommended,295110,14870989,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Tech,Good
,Not Recommended,295110,19524531,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,ein fuhrer,ZJEBANE GUWNO NIE POLECAM 10 KULEK W LEP A TEN NADAL ZYJE JEBANE SKURWYSYNSKIE SCIERWO ODDAWAC MOJE 20 EURO
,Recommended,295110,14345125,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,shordy,"Really nice and chill game to play with friends, relly recomend it."
76561198019901093,Not Recommended,295110,18257460,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Matt Mulvi,"terrible graphics, terrible community, terrible combat desync. only buy it if u have 15 dollars and dont care what happens to it"
76561198124526292,Not Recommended,295110,14139808,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Nico,I would like to start off by saying if you like the sound of constant airplane engines this is the game for you this game is packed with garbage including the following. The weapons in this game are so low powered the bow and arrow is stronger than any GUN. I witnessed so many one shot kills with the bow there for its the best weapon in H1Z1. Next is idk why they call this a zombie apocalypse game when there are maybe 4 zombies in each little town that you easily out run or just walk by them with out them even chasing you there's no challenge. I know this game is in pre alpha but I am very very disappointed in SONY a huge company who produced this low grade knock off version of (WarZ aka Infestations) if you ever played Warz its the same game but this is a worse version of course. This game is also loaded with hackers I have witnessed over 8 hacked moments while I was playing this game for only 6 hours its a joke to see a huge company like SONY not have a tighter control on people who choose to ruin games by hacking. It seems to me like this game is all about play to win and taking our money for a replica of Warz a game I already own and don't care for its sad to see SONY copy Warz I will have to say this is by far the worst game. I have ever played and bought I rather of flushed the $20 I paid for this game down the toilet. What a huge disappointment I was so excited to get this game and what a let down it is also not very many players are friendly and its so hard to find ammo and guns with out paying for a airdrop this game is just about taking more of our hard money for a copy of another horrible game that has already been out for a few years now. I rest my case here if you don't believe what said then by all means purchase this game and watch the disappointment grow on your face after wards. I will keep playing the best zombie survival game out right now DAYZ. Thanks SONY for the garbage better luck next time and also players keep paying for airdrops another PLAY TO WIN game on Steam just what we dont need...
,Recommended,295110,14088683,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Devine Jello,"Pretty Stable game for the first couple days, (Excluding the first day) with this new patch coming out to fix a lot of things, i'm sure the game with be great."
76561197960689722,Recommended,295110,14072392,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,AshMaker,"The game feels like WarZ.  However, the devs seem to be very responsive so far and the zombie AI is already better than most zombie games.  For $20 I am happy and look forward to each patch, which so far is daily!"
76561198141305904,Not Recommended,295110,15645428,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,FloridaPhoneMan,it not wroth your time
,Not Recommended,295110,16505220,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,kludger,"Unfortunately my first review turns out to be 'not recommended' and will be my first Steam Refund request since I've hit my 2hrs limit...Background: H1Z1 was one of the games I have been looking forward to since E3 2014, after loving Dayz Mod and then being hugely disappointed by DayZSA progress or gameplay, I hoped Sony would bring a good approach to the survival zombie genre especially for solo play and I figured the Steam Sale was a good time to jump in hoping it had gotten better after it's first early access release problems... unfortunately no, it hasn't.Pros:1. Inventory system is much better than DayZ to manipulate2. Crafting and Recipe Discovery system is a good way to handle the Macguivering needed to survive the zombie apocalypse3. Map system is pretty nice, easy to figure out where you're at and where you want to go4. Food/Water is plentiful, lots of blackberry bushes around where you can pick berries which let you survive without dying of thirst/hunger5. Ability to craft basic weapons like bow/arrow from materials to defend ourselves without having to stumble around forever with nothing.Cons:1. The graphics engine of H1Z1 is subpar, it looks and runs like a game from 2010 or something2. Progression doesn't seem to save on a central server, so unless I remember to write down what server I played on last time, the next time I go to play and join a random server all my gear and character is lost and I have to start with a new character.2. Loot is boring, repetitive, you can search a whole town on a low population server and yet find lots empty rooms with no searchable containers, or when there is a container lots of the same loot or empty containers, it doesn't really seem to be well balanced or match the building or very interesting for people who play for survival and loot4. Zs are pretty slow and weak, there is not really much danger in walking around in areas where the Zs are.Overall H1Z1 at the current early access state is very poor for solo play, I recommend passing on it for now even at the Steam Sale price, hopefully they can improve the graphics engine and the loot system to make a decent Zombie Survival game, in the meantime I will stick to Dying Light or DayZMod"
,Recommended,295110,14050981,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,[666]Wiestje,"First of all, YES I AM BUTTHURTED BY ALL THOSE F♥♥♥♥♥♥♥WHO COMPLAIN ABOUT BUGGS, GLITCHES AND P2W IN THIS GAME.Hello, if you don't like to read I suggest to leave right now.I HIGHLY recommend this game for those who love survival, zombie and building games!I compare this game with Rust and Dayz, 2 of my most favorite zombie, survival, building (building for rust only) games I ever played, I still play those games.So to everyone who dares to say to me this game is P2W please read number 8 - 14 - 15 on this link:https://www.h1z1.com/dev-updates/h1z1-what-you-can-expect-in-early-accessThey'll explain EVERYTHING so stop whining about the tickets you NEED to buy, because you don't need to buy the tickets, you EARN them when playing the game, you only need to buy the keys to open the crates and those crates have camo's in it not even weapons or other usefull stuff, same for the airdrops - they drop some good loot atm if it's not changed with the little update they did the percentage of getting a gun is really high but they gonna lower it so it's not that OP. Also, the airdrops are for EVERYONE, so if you see a airdrop, GO FOR IT! I bought the premium edition of the game, but I don't use any airdrop tickets because it's OP and not fun to have alot of stuff early in the game.If you are stuck and wanna know how to get start when you just entered the game, this is what I do.1 - Shred my shirt to gain cloth2 - run through some random bushes so you can discover a bow and arrows3 - make the bow and and some arrows (around 25) and you are started"
,Recommended,295110,14005157,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Tiny Rick,Was finally able to log in and play for a few hours and I have to say I think for me anyways this definetly beats dayz!
,Not Recommended,295110,17130640,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Twinnfire,Too much focus on BR the rest of the games falling apart
76561198081555679,Not Recommended,295110,14186906,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,The Elf,"****Update**** This game has turned into nothing but an open world hacked call of duty. I feel like it really had potential, but the hacks are much too easy to get. Do all games get hacked? yes, but good games with good anti-cheat only fall vicitim to elite hackers that only SELL their hacks, no public hacks make it out. H1Z1 has MANY different public hacks for it that work. So good luck with this game.Currently I can not recommend this game. It has potential, however right now key factors are missing. Combat is just dumb, you can punch lightening fast, yet simply pulling out your bow is a long and slow task. There is almost no loot to find no matter where you are at, your hunger and thirst deplete and a rapid rate and the fact you can only eat one berry (basically only thing you can find) at a time is just no fun. Also, as usual european gamers flood American servers and cause lag that makes it almost unplayable. I come across german kids all the time that are so delayed they are punching me from around 20 feet away. I've waited on this game since launch, I will continue to play, however this is a VERY rough EA release."
,Recommended,295110,14256440,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Yellow,"Being a TRUE PCMasterrace gamer, there are a lot of important details that are worth mentioning about this game.Framerate -|- Does it run well? Well, sort of. Like 60% better than DayZ approximately. At medium - low settings if you desire 144Hz/fps, you will get really close. On my 8350 overclocked 7970 rig (Well-tuned, stable) rig i get like 120fps on the fields, and 55-60fps in the city w/ people and such. My Game though is running at the lowest settings. But hey, it beats DayZ with a long shot in Battle Royale and such.Optimization/infancy Stage -|- This game technically got a lot of unlocked potential. Everything from audio feedback when you take hits (lacking and at times even missleading), to the raw framerate being pushed higher OR the game just reacting to your key commands even snappier. Reality is that all of these aspects could and should be improved. But are already FAR away from being bad, which is a golden start.Pay-To-Win? -|- NOPE. Not for Battle Royale at least. It is tempting for people to call in airdrops, but you still need to know what to do with your stuff in order to make it work. And anyone can steal it as well if you are not prepared, react fast, or don't know what you are doing with the drop. You might THINK that it means something. But in reality, a lot of elements in this game require smart play, skill and knowledge in order to make worth even from a nicely early looted sniper - Which comes with 20 bullets if you even get it in the first place. That's a lot of shots to miss with or to hit with.But hey, the drop passes are super cheap on the market. Go for it if you want to, accuracy never hurt anyone.Cheaters and Bugs -|- Gotta be honest with you there - Lot of minor bugs and cheaters roaming constantly in survival mode and BattleRoyale. Aside from survival's dull nature and grind-requiring nature that does not fit a player of my style though. I am not saying survival is bad, but it is being neglected right now AND is not my cup of tea at all really. But i am competitive in nature, so naturally i dissect and study that realm of gaming more than other things. I found that DayZ executed the survival aspect better, unlike my personal experience with survival in this game. Either way i am sure that as soon as this game get it's feet off of the ground in one way or another it's second nature will be as good as it's first one.And i am typing that becuase it has already been done in Counter Strike: Global Offensive, sort of. Hostage mode and community mods are all giving a tight and awesome experience, which was not the case in the past. All we can then hope for is that H1Z1 follow in it's steps so it can go in it's own direction.GL HF. Easier than DayZ to play/get into, but still hard enough even with it's similarities.8.5/10 - Got skins to customize the game, could in the longer run re-pay itself if you/the game get more skins of value implemented into itself. Best Battle Royale experience out there to the date of editing this review (7 months into it now). Developers are constantly working on the game, updating it even faster than Counter Strike. Over-all quality is very good for an early-access game. So deep into it i doubt H1Z1 will ever become free to play (at least for Battle Royale) since cheaters is a common problem to face. Happy hunting!"
,Recommended,295110,14031860,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,KorpeN ☑ rekt ☐ not rekt,"A very nice polished game for it's early alpha state. If you want to buy an mmo survival game and you are betweem H1Z1 and DayZ, I recommend bying H1Z1.-Graphics 7/10-Interface 8/10-Optimization 8/10-Gameplay 8/10Cons: Small map with many players, way too few european servers with high qeue times."
,Not Recommended,295110,16079142,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,magic school bus\,"0/10, can't believe i actually paid for this♥♥♥♥♥♥LOL can't even log into my account anymore gG"
76561197968560421,Not Recommended,295110,14012457,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,RandalMcdaniel,"The developers have re-assured us dozens of times over livestream that H1Z1 would NOT have any pay2win advantages upon the release of the game. In fact, I vividly remember the H1Z1 dev saying ""paying to gain an advantage defeats the entire purpose of the game""It was naieve of me to think that sony did not care about money, but being blatantly lied to is another story. Not even warz blatantly lied like this.Dayz: no mictrotransactions = 92.000 overwhelmingly positive reviewsH1Z1: superior to dayz in every way, HAS microtransactions = 2000 mixed reviewsIf this game was just simply $20 with no strings attatched than dayz=history.. H1Z1 has many great features-Great graphics-Great optimization-Incredible vegetation variants-Amazingcrafting/hunting system-The best AI and melee hit registration i've seen to date- Simple controls (unlike dayz)-High server capacity-64 bit client"
,Recommended,295110,31148566,Posted: 14 April,all,ThunderWizard,"This is a great game, i love it and i am considering buying King of the Kill. The only problem i have with this game is the constant server wipes. i dont like coming back after a few weeks of not playing and all my characters are gone. Also and this is the dummest thing i have found out about the game, the banshees. They are literally impossible to kill, and if they scream when other zombies are around, you will get stunned and you will die. I have never in my four encounters with them been able to live on. NEVER!!. they are too over powered, devs please fix"
76561198379010539,Recommended,295110,32708369,Posted: 23 June,all,DeadlyReaper20,"Awesome game, Love the physics the survival / pvp open world freedom. Recommend this game to anyone"
76561197996252407,Not Recommended,295110,14023410,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,ᶜᶦᵃ CoreWhen,Sony has alot of work unplayable right now. It is extreme early release.
,Recommended,295110,14032322,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Eandaen,"Looks good and runs well, even on an average spec laptop, particularly considering it's Early Access.Audio system is great - you hear other players, wildlife or zombies in close proximity.  Adds a lot to the tense atmopshere - you don't know who or what is coming if you can't see them.  The voice chat makes random encounters with other players pretty interesting.Guy 1 - ""This is my friend.  He's going to kill you"".Guy 2 - Pulls out rifle.Me - Pulls out bow.Guys - ""lol OK"" and run away, (guy had little or no ammo)Not much loot in the houses, which is something that could be improved upon, but there is a sense of towns being randsacked.  Found a house in the hills and garage with some food, water bottles and items to make weapons (hammer, hatchet, bow, axe).  Plenty of berries for food and some wildlife to kill.The inventory system is nice - really need to choose what to carry and what to leave behind.  The crafting system is simple and functional - interested to see how that develops.Running about at nighttime is pretty cool and there's a definitely feeling that anything can kill you pretty quickly.Big downside right now is the wait time to get into serves (need more EU servers), but I'm sure that will get sorted soon enough.Lots of people comlaining about the airdrop thing.  Massively overreacting IMO.  There's lots of game to be played even if you don't buy stuff from the store.  I can see SOE maybe needing to balance out how this works a bit better, but that's part of what EA is for.Nice game, well worth the price."
76561198006141828,Recommended,295110,18692402,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Loke79,Great fun.  Great game
,Not Recommended,295110,21332519,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,|IF|  SHINY CHARIZARD 64,More Zombie Combat World instead of Zombie Survival.
,Recommended,295110,14216225,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,siddeus,Battle Royale is really addicting and the optimization of this game is great. Definately worth it.
,Recommended,295110,14433556,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Ifalz13,"please fix any bug , and give better player to look other player in game or server choice ...ex : give map in game, or radar in game, or in sever list give player status in server :))thanks"
,Recommended,295110,18735511,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Best Buffet in the USA,This game constantly reminds me why I do not have friends 10/10
,Recommended,295110,19351876,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Asshake,"When you shout Taiwan No.1,Chinese goes nut"
76561197968345716,Not Recommended,295110,21675189,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Creep007,A load of old♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,295110,20027187,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Demi ♆,"Short and simple reveiw: Not even a survival, just a deathmatch. Keep your money."
76561198097200180,Recommended,295110,16849795,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,SighFactory,"In all honesty, H1Z1 is not so different from most other survival games of it's kind. I would however, like to draw attention to the very well designed environment. The gloomy atmosphere of the game is both heavy and potent, trust me, wait until it rains... With this torn and silent world as a backdrop, you'll be sure to experience more than a few tense moments.The dangers of H1Z1 are nothing a veteran survivor can't handle. If you've any experience at all with survival games you'll do fine in the PvE aspect. (Though unlike other games the zombiesAreactually a threat... And bears. ♥♥♥♥ bears)With that said, the most dangerous aspect of the game is... Of course, other people. I can almost assure you that your first meeting with another living soul will involve bloodshed... And the second... And the third... You get the picture. There are interesting people though, and not everyone will kill you outright. These interactions are what make the game really live and breathe. The psychological aspect and moral dilemma of human violence.I suppose I should also give a polite nod to the intricate and unique crafting system of H1Z1. The process of learning and discovering new tools of survival is more than refreshing. The feeling of... safety? Perhaps success. In building your first base, or taking off in your first vehicle is shockingly acute.I plan on spending a good deal more time haunting the forests of H1Z1, beware the northern wood.8/10"
76561198065764432,Recommended,295110,14639410,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,KeagZ,"Lots of fun, although it is early access and lots of things need to be fixed... an example is if you aggro a wolf and dont have the health or weapons to kill it, it will chase you across the whole map unless you manage to get in a house and close all the doors before it can get in. same thing goes for the zombies that can runI wouldnt trust any players that you dont know irl either, even if they are nice to you and say they will ""help you"", you will probably get stabbed in the back sooner or laterStay away from cranbery, that town is full of bandits"
,Not Recommended,295110,20200353,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,woah,Typical
,Recommended,295110,14430806,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Gaunzy,"This is a great game. for all those people who do not recomend it you are just looking at the problems. If you havent already noticed this game is early access so ofcourse there will be a few bugs, if you were not expecting these bugs then you should not have bought the game in the first place. with more support this game could become more popular than The Forest becasue it hasa much better multiplayer system"
76561197973408516,Recommended,295110,14183847,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Drakefist,Blows Dayz away and I loved dayz
,Recommended,295110,14419427,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,UltimateSinX,"This game is fun!Devs slowed the air drops to make it competitve. Smart move.Hackers exist atm, havn't seen much but keep in mind this game is early access...I would recommend dropping 20 dollars on this game if you liked Rust (1st version) or DayZ."
76561198044420567,Not Recommended,295110,29348534,Posted: 18 January,all,Look me in the eye,"Yeh I know its alpha, please make an anti-cheat engine with official release, thanks."
,Not Recommended,295110,25493693,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Bongoloid,"If I had paid money for H1Z1, I'd be pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off right now. Some players have already taken to demanding refunds. And I can't blame them.H1Z1 isn't finished, of course. It isn't even being made now, technically, by the same company. Sony Online Entertainment has been sold off to form Daybreak Game Company. Those who buy the game are knowingly exchanging money for the privilege of being an alpha tester, and unwary consumers may have to shoulder most of the blame there. But even acknowledged as an incomplete product, this game has brought me close to throw-my-mouse-at-the-screen tantrums several times in the month it's been for sale through Steam's Early Access program.I'd be angry if I wasn't well-informed before that purchase. I'd want to return the game as well. But then again, I would miss it when it's gone.h1z1 review screen 1 tallH1Z1, like so many games that have come before, posits a viral zombie outbreak that pushes the world past the brink of collapse. The undead roam the streets of an open map that mixes rural and urban areas. With burger joints, big-box retailers and cookie-cutter tract homes, the environment feels uniquely American. On this horrific frontier, players are left to fend for themselves, scavenging for food, water and the means to protect themselves.Daybreak, as did SOE before it, plans to make H1Z1 free-to-play. But this alpha version is being sold for $19.99 right now, and that payment earns you the right to be a guinea pig. Or, as the notice on the load screen says to all who care to read it, it buys you access to a game experience where ""those wishing to support the on-going development of H1Z1 and to be a part of shaping its future"" can do so.It's not entirely clear what ""shaping its future"" means, or when it might come.As it stands now, H1Z1 has three distinct modes: player-vs.-player, player-vs.-environment and Battle Royale. In PvP and PvE, players arrive in the game world in the wilderness, with little more than the clothes on their back. They must survive through scavenging and crafting. The crafting system makes sense. Objects behave, in the game's logic, as their real-world analogues would; take a scrap of wood and some cloth and you can fashion an improvised bow, or some wood and a scrap of metal to make an axe.Creating recipes, however, is not all that much fun.The recipe discovery interface does a decent job of telling you how many combinations are available with a given set of items, even helping you find likely combinations. But once you've discovered the secret of Wooden Door, you've discovered the recipe for all of the Wooden Doors ever to be made. Servers vary on whether or not these recipes carry over after player death. This means that I have rediscovered Wooden Door no less than a dozen times already.h1z1 review screen 2That redundancy is nothing compared to the fact that not every craftable item works as intended once you make it. But again, that's the nature of this alpha. The first week the game was available, dew traps (made with a plastic tarp and some wood) were broken, preventing players from using them to fill water containers. I was left foraging for blackberries in the woods, eating 30 of them at a time — individually, via 60 combined mouse clicks — while hiding in a shrub. It was an inauspicious start, to say the least.Technical challenges like broken systems make an already unforgiving game a real nightmare. But H1Z1's biggest danger is its community. On PvP servers, the rule is shoot on sight.For that reason, I was a lonely nomad in my first few days. Anytime I turned on my flashlight or, gods forbid, actually lit a fire pit, zombies began to spawn around me. Cooking a hunk of venison for 45 seconds meant defending myself by literally grappling with the undead.While that tension can be great, the infancy of H1Z1's combat system is obvious. When zombies attack, they don't always look like they connect, and yet they almost always do damage — even when they're not facing you. Landing headshots, even from the makeshift bow and arrow that is your starting weapon, is immediately satisfying, but at times I've seen arrows pass directly through zombies without effect. For a time, using arrows also seemed to alert anyone within a hundred yards of my location because of an audio bug.What polish H1Z1 lacks in combat it makes up for with the fundamental persistence of the game world. If your avatar dies, structures that they built remain, meaning that once you pick a server, you can build up an encampment that will help support you no matter how many times you respawn — though you'll need to find your way back to it.That persistence, as well as H1Z1's brutality, makes clan play, or even small group play, desirable. Working together, it's possible to gather enough resources to make elaborate structures, complete with raised flooring, metal doors, hidden stashes and booby-trapped fortifications. If nothing else, the game makes good on the promise to let players make the world their own.But blazing a trail in this post-apocalypse is more difficult than it should be, no matter how many people you have on your side, because of issues with loot spawning. One early patch finally made it possible for gear to appear inside containers, while further patches continue to tinker with the loot balance and how items repopulate in the world over time. But items still consistently enter the game world clipping through other objects, poking through walls and tombstones. Things are changing with the loot system so fast and frequently that it's frankly hard to critique, other than to say that it is currently unreliable.h1z1 review screen 4 squareIF NOTHING ELSE, THE GAME MAKES GOOD ON THE PROMISE TO LET PLAYERS MAKE THE WORLD THEIR OWNPvP combat is similarly shaky. It feels alternately laggy and broken. I've opened up on people with a shotgun blast, only to have them shrug it off completely. Other times I've hit them center mass, causing them to double over in pain. Ironically, while they're crouched down it seems like my follow-up shots deflect off their helmet. They can keep firing, however, effectively shielded by their giant melons. Melee combat feels a bit like slicing the air with a loose-leaf sheet, hoping to kill your opponent with a paper cut to the jugular.In a game where the stakes are so high, these rough patches are incredibly frustrating.When it's not busted, H1Z1's combat can be thrilling, thanks to the game's focus on communication with other players. A fully integrated voice chat system encourages a fundamental kind of intimacy, one that allows you to call out to players from far away, to taunt them or ask them to lay down arms. After you die, that voice channel remains open until you restart your game, allowing for some interesting role-playing opportunities — or just cursing out the stranger who ended your latest run.Perhaps the strangest complaint I have about H1Z1 is that there just aren't enough zombies. In towns and villages, the undead congregate on the streets, shuffling back and forth, but there's rarely more than a handful on each block. In the wilderness, they're even more rare. At times, it's possible to forget they're even in the game at all.h1z1 review screen 3Because of the evolving nature of the H1Z1 alpha, which promises inventory and server wipes as well as balancing tweaks as the game gets built on the fly, I simply can't recommend PvP or PvE play unless you're invested in submitting bug reports and actively contributing to the development of the game — just like the load screen says.But if you're already set on rushing into the game right now, H1Z1 has one mode that's actually quite a deal. It's called Battle Royale, and it has so much potential that it is simply overwhelming.In Battle Royale more than 100 players are dropped into the 8 square kilometer map by parachute. The only objective is to stay aliv"
,Not Recommended,295110,21349073,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Tinbum,"DONT NOT BUY THIS GAME Or King of the HIll. Do not trust Game Break studios with your money. They split an OKish game into 2 games and are charging the same price for now 2 UNFINISHED games. Kid Devs, Lies and cheats thats all they are!DO NOT BUY!!!"
,Not Recommended,295110,21138635,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Lekon,"This game shame of the survival... sorry but this is real. Zombie mechanics is honestly worst. Please fix this.And base building system is same. Please, just fix this because I regret about I bought this game."
76561198043059574,Recommended,295110,15750365,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Lance Stroll,kill zombiez 7/11 would kill again
76561198036509565,Recommended,295110,19895457,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,[USMC]Zodiac,"DEV should fix anti-hack programs.Less hackers, more succesful game.at least, it's better than DayZ"
,Not Recommended,295110,23619445,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Tactical Bacon,The uninstall works fine420/69 would pretend i like it again
76561198231788752,Not Recommended,295110,19221863,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,|SPOUTER|mandigo,Realy bad game
76561198037778674,Not Recommended,295110,19211367,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Rasako,beinig disconnected a thousand times a day and constant hackers makes the game pretty much unplayable. Still waiting for a company that isn't complete garbage to make the real zombie survival game the world has been begging 30 years for.
,Not Recommended,295110,19217876,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,maklakajjh436,I recommended buying H1Z1 until they introduced the pay per round scheme. Now I honestly can't recommend spending 20 Euro for a game which costs per round.
76561198129350852,Not Recommended,295110,19221467,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Powder,Game runs like internet explorer.About to win your first Battle Royal?  too bad you just crashed.
76561198220387617,Not Recommended,295110,19221948,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,justinm1337,"Purchased this game to play with some friends, wasn't expecting too much considering its in ""Alpha"" but besides all the bugs and wonky gameplay my biggest peeve is with their crates. I've spent hundreds of dollars on League of Legends and Hearthstone and I've never felt like my money was wasted. I spent $10 on this game and felt swindled afterwards. Mediocre game with a money hungry business scheme."
,Not Recommended,295110,19225487,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Quigleyer,"As an Early Access title on Steam development is a thing one must consider.  The development on this has taken a turn for the worse and very little attention is being paid towards the main game.  Most of the updates are for Battle Royale, a mode in the game that requires microtransactions to compete in.  The development of the ""survival"" portion of this game is way, way on the backburner right now.Infested with hackers since day 1, also."
,Not Recommended,295110,19235317,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,HunterKillerOne,"not a really fun game, not very detailed, and it should be called ""Battle RoyaleZ"" dayz may be far behind in terms of completion, but they also have a smaller team working on it, and they are making a Simulator! alot more realisitc and moving parts, if you dont understand that, then im surprised your able to download steam in the first place :p"
76561198000687394,Not Recommended,295110,19246847,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Atropos,"So I got this game from my gf like in February 2015 and only played 30 hours since (now we have  11 november 2015)1. Developers lied to all of us and turned game into Call of Duty: Zombie2. Game is shoot on sight (just decided to give game a chance and was instantly killed everytime someone saw me - had totally nothing in my inventory). You can sell your mic because you are not going to need it3. Game is all about battle royale - Want play BR? Buy arma 34. If i could get a refund for this I would totally want my gf's 20 euro back and spend it for game thats worth my attention5. Hackers>Log in>find canned food>you see guy>hi what's up m8?>get killed without any response and let your dead body be twerked by himround 2>Log in>find nothing, just run arround and let the magic happen>Hi, how you doing sir?>get killed without any response>ok>Play battle royale>win it 1st place>Hello mister you just out of all players won this extremely nice looking shirt - real reward for winning sick hunger games>thanks"
,Not Recommended,295110,19253438,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,BoomBoomPeanuts,"This game should be awesome. But when you spend 45 minutes running around collecting things, see no Zombies, and then get killed by the first person you see and they don't even talk, it becomes a very very crappy gaming experience.Play a survival game with your friends, or one that has a map. Kill on sight is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t."
76561198142160865,Not Recommended,295110,19259437,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,DAT BOI,dont get me wrong its a good game but you see i was banned for no reason at all. i wasnt hacking or cheating or anything and i wanted to play h1z1 like i had liked doing for awhile but as soon as i signed in it said i was banned and since theres no refunds on steam its just a peice of garbage sitting in my library.
76561197991491706,Not Recommended,295110,19288585,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,NUB,JUST DON'T!
76561197968431199,Not Recommended,295110,19294597,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Gindorf,"Do not buy this game.This game is being sold as a survival mmo, however since its early access launch focus has moved from a survival game to Battle Royale (a fps deathmatch).The developers have constantly lied about the direction of the game and the focus of development. They are pushing out more and more cash shop items and give the feeling that the purpose of development is no longer about producing a game, but milking as much as they can prior to dropping this tittle.Yes this was a fun game to play, however if your looking for a full fledged survival game with zombies, pass on this game as the zombies are no threat, the hackers a rampant (and little has been done to stop them), and focus is no longer on survival."
76561198182549558,Not Recommended,295110,19575600,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,isellPropane,i dont know why but when i open up the launcher i hit play and it does not load i tryed contacting the suport page and on twiter and got no response for the past month
,Not Recommended,295110,19338198,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,thenoobsfriend,"Hackers paradise, zombie population 3, didn't even fix survival, battle royal? rly?"
76561198144854605,Recommended,295110,18781927,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,OC Gunthar,This game is dope
,Recommended,295110,14738962,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Rampage,"After a very shaky early release the game was very much unplayable and there were major bugs, but you know what?, that is why it's early access and a few patches later a couple of server wipes and here we are 55 hours of gametime later and I'm absolutely in love with this game. Don't get me wrong, it is still riddled with small nagging technical issues and there are many more features, items, building mechnics, cars, female characters etc etc that still need to be put into the game, but from what I've learned over the past few weeks is that the devs are listening and they are hard at work trying to make the best survival experience they can. For any fan of the genre I would highly recommend this game. It's fun, exciting, intense and everything you would want in a survival game, even with all the technical issues that go along with early access bugs. Thumbs up for me. Play it, have fun with it and remember trust NO ONE!"
,Recommended,295110,18125835,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Ma'Vi Yboct,ı played only battle royal and holy hell battleroyal is amazingliy funjust buy it if you would like to play hunger gamesits actually amazingliy fun :)
,Not Recommended,295110,19017060,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Leinax,"Game is in alpha, you purchase this in this state, as such lots of issues with the game. The largest however is that they are not being addressed/prioritised over marketing and as such will leave you feeling like you are paying for a game that wont ever finish, and also they will keep asking for further money for 'add-on's. A real shame,"
,Not Recommended,295110,20171337,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Knocko,"This game one,Is not optimized at all the amount of hackers before the update was horendous but they fixed that (finally)still barely playable gg r8 4/10"
76561198106470623,Recommended,295110,14295229,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,"Lô, ash <3",ótimo
76561197983562013,Not Recommended,295110,21540336,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Telee,"Well, what can I say about this one? There is absolutely no depth to the game; zombies are more of an annoyance than a threat, with the only source of danger being other players. There's no unique sources of loot besides checking a million filing cabinets and wardrobes in each house in the game world for a pathetic amount of worthwhile loot, and points of interest with good resources are usually blocked off by impenetrable player bases (which the developer supports) - so the only way of actually getting anywhere is by killing other players. There is no coordination between groups of players, anyone who sees you will try to kill you, so unless you're playing in a very low population server you're just going to die over and over again to huge groups of players that are armed to the teeth and hunting for fresh spawns. It's incredibly difficult to have an even playing field unless you start gathering resources immediately after a server wipe, otherwise you'll be left in the dust. Also if you're even considering playing make sure you have a fairly sizeable group of friends that will join you because one, two or three-person groups will get stomped. If you're thinking of making friends in-game to expand your group, drop those thoughts. 90% of the playerbase is autistic and will enjoy taunting you after killing you even when they have shotguns, body armor and helmets and you're still trying to collect blackberries. The other 10% will just yell angry slurs at you in Chinese.All of that applies to Survival mode. Battle Royale is better. It plays out exactly as you'd expect, and gets increasing tense as people are killed and the playing field shrinks. Guns, ammo and gear are also plentiful so you actually end up with fair fights, usually. The only problem with it is that the combat (both in Survival and Battle Royale) is awful. Pistols are garbage, arrows are horrible and trying to use melee weapons on anybody is suicide, so there's exactly three weapons that are used: the shotgun, AR15, and AK47. Add onto that list the explosive arrows and hunting rifle if you're lucky enough to get them. All of the weapons handle very awkwardly and have an inconsistent cone of fire, making firefights feel like a game of luck as players spray and pray at each other until one person drops. A survival game should behave at least a little bit naturally, but a gunfight in Call of Duty probably feels more like actual combat than this. Bunny-hopping and dolphin-diving (spamming the prone key) are rampant, there's no knockback from being shot, and players aren't impaired in the slightest from being hit. It feels arcadey as hell and when you combine it with the game's awful performance you end up with gunfights that are just completely aggravating.Hopefully The Division will manage to succeed where this game failed, because gamers deserve a survival game that delivers on its promises. H1Z1 just feels like a missed opportunity on all fronts."
,Recommended,295110,14061394,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Damn Daniel,Can someone help me I bought this game when it came out and when I try to play it it says cant connect to launch pad shell how can I fix that?
76561198134268870,Recommended,295110,14678550,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Adolfin,10/10
,Recommended,295110,17015204,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,solidwrist,One of the most stressful game i ve ever played so far in my life :DGet ready to test your survival skills!
,Recommended,295110,14538610,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,black knight,"Great, Room for improvments but such great potential. Awesome really enyoable so far"
76561197962319815,Recommended,295110,16130837,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,strykeforce2003,Hanging out with your friends.. CheckKilling Zombies..CheckBuilding Bases...CheckTeleporting insta kill bears..CheckGetting killed by some dude in tidy whitey and a motorcycle helmet with one shot... Priceless.Sure i recommend this game.
,Recommended,295110,14179196,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Friendly,"Best survival sandbox game i've ever encountered. Great crafting and looting system. but the only problem is it does seem like its a pvp game with a zombie backdrop still, which is what they said it wasnt going to be but other then that its a great game,"
,Recommended,295110,14649471,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Harmon,"H1Z1 reminds of why I continue to keep coming back to this genre even after failed attempts with other survival MMOs. There is co-op fun to be had and multiplayer excitement within this genre that you do not find anywhere else. When it comes together it is one of the best gaming experiences you can get. Obviously it doesn't always come together but H1Z1, with the limited time I've had with it, gives the player a real sense of progression. You are not running from empty house to empty house dodging and running from zombies along the way. Items to find seem in abundance. You can slay zombies along the way and really explore the land and get into some tense PvP situations and either die, kill or make a new friend. $20 well spent.**update** The PvP encounters in this game are the best I have experienced. They have implemented encounter music so when another player is close by this eerie music kicks in. It gets the heart rate up and keeps the eyes wide open. It's the only game that I can honestly say has scared the @#$% outta me.**update 4/1**H1Z1 officially sucks now. I've changed my recomendation. This conversation with a friend explains why..Harmon(twitch.tv/harmon7805): I hope they fix itByrd: damn why is that?Harmon(twitch.tv/harmon7805): New updates have probably quadroopled the # of zombies, wolves and bears. Now when you spawn all you do is run from them and they chase you non-stop. They never quit. Completely blowsByrd: When I played I thought they could of used a few more.  But the aggro on the zombies in that game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ broke anywayHarmon(twitch.tv/harmon7805): Not me. Before you could move around the map, explore, meet up with friends. Kill some zombies, run from the rare bear. no moreHarmon(twitch.tv/harmon7805): I thought they had it perfect beforeHarmon(twitch.tv/harmon7805): Problem is..Byrd: well u have played tons more than I have, but when I played I never feared them at all.  It was the other players i fearedHarmon(twitch.tv/harmon7805): they listen to the PvE crowd who were begging for more zombies because the game was too easy. But the PvP experience no one gives a♥♥♥♥♥♥about the zombies. Its the other players who are most deadlyByrd: I have barely played H1Z1 at all but from the little i played it seemed like a ""good"" Day Z.  Probably sounds weird, but I wish that there was a less ""sandboxy"" survival zombie game.  A few developer inserted ruleset could go a long way imoHarmon(twitch.tv/harmon7805): it wasa ""good"" DayZ. Now it sucks. We have tried two different nights to play. Before, no problem. We got together, geared up and went out to PvP unless they found us first. Now all we doo is sprint until we die. Rinse and repeat.**Update 4/7** Ok so I'm back on board in a big way. They did a disasterous thing with the mob spawns but quickly fixed it and it is better than ever. Each update I feel like the game looks better, plays smoother, mob spawns make sense now and they have added a map and coordinate system built in. This game is back to being a lot of fun again.http://youtu.be/lfmCIAmvCy0"
76561198122467368,Not Recommended,295110,18748100,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Dynamiczz,its a good game but people dont give you a chance to say friendly you work you way to a base weapons then someone just kills you. extremly fun except for dying by people for no reason and having to run back to  your base
,Recommended,295110,16205669,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Wilcobijlen,NICE GAMES
,Recommended,295110,20270252,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Andaymoon,"I reccomend this game because even though it has been in Alpha for a while now- it is a really unique game and its so in depth that boots and sneakers have different speed that it gives you. You are able to craft alot and get unique skins to make things personal. Yes this game has bugs (like the jumping bears) but it still has the advantages for such a unique gameplay of a zombie survival. I met very amazing online friends who are absoultely nice and care to help others so they can have a better head start. This game has a lot of people who put their passion into this game to make it unique and it allows you to show other people your story on how are you surviving this terror of the zombie apocalypse. This is a lovely game play and I cant wait for more content to be added to the game! If you love survival and a hard game play You will enjoy trying to survive in this world rather it be PVE, PVP there is another game play to see if you can survive the PVP reference in this game and can also win pretty cool skins- that game is called Battle Royal. I am addict of H1z1- and I love streaming this gameplay because other people who love watching me can find me and we can just team up and explore the world like never before. I really enjoy this game and whoever is reading this- I bet you will too :)"
,Recommended,295110,15893078,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Pinoysta,"I don't even mind about hackers, at least they're people like us. But.. BLINKING BEARS ? The bigger problem is that you can NOT kite them or kill them easily unless you gang bang them or  hit them with a car. Lol H1Z1 should Ban those damn bears XD"
76561198002817403,Recommended,295110,14491084,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Exigentt,"Ignore most of the negative reviews, It's well worth the $20 for the time you can get out of it for such an early stage in development.  8/10 for now"
76561198111274442,Recommended,295110,14588777,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,MountainJew,"There I was in Pleasent Valley... I was searching for supplies there, found a few weapons, food, water, and even a car battery with a spark plug. I was in the neighborhood just right of Pleasent Valley searching for the one thing I needed to carry all these items. A backpack... As hard as they come by for me I was lucky enough to find it but unlucky in the end. I was crawling throught the night cautiously watching for enemy players. I came across a 2 story building with 2 Zombies near the entrance. I proceeded cautiously as always and silenty took them out with my Makeshift Bow. I heard a few footsteps from behind, I thought it was just me, boy was I wrong. I crept into the 2 story building searching for whatever loot I can scavange and my main objective a Backpack. I was on the second floor inside what seemed to be the main bedroom. I finally found what I was looking for and I began to pack up and leave. As soon as I turned around a man in a motorcycle mask was behind me with a AR15 in his hand pointed straight at my head. What seemed endless of panic I stood there and watched him slowly approach me. He didn't speak, he just aimed at me staring at me basically pointing out that I was screwed.... Suddenly out of no where 2 guys heavly armed also approached behind the man aiming at me. The first man to approach shot the man and spilled his guts all over me then, the second man ran in and shot me straight in the head with pistol............10/10 would♥♥♥♥♥♥myself again"
,Recommended,295110,14023736,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Connor,Strangely everyone is friendly which proves it isnt a dayz rip offUPDATENevermind...
,Recommended,295110,14636561,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,savagejenniferwalters,"Playing 3 hours searching for loot and then getting headshot and losing it all really sucks.  However, Doing that to someone else, Is really fun.  Pretty great experience so far.  The higher pop servers are full of hackers and that can get annoying.  PVE is fairly boring.Best moment.  Running over a hill with my fiance and friend, Fiance yells in mic ""TURN AROUND AND RUN"", We move forward anyways only to see a group of 20+ people all wearing red flannel shirts and carrying guns running towards us.  I managed to escape, as did my fiance, our friend wasnt so lucky.  Definitely awesome!I have been killed 3 times by a group of brazillions on my server, each time they run over me and yell ""BRAZIL NUMBER 1""  Not cool!"
,Recommended,295110,14005128,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,R3C4LL,Best queue simulator 2k15
76561197995198177,Not Recommended,295110,21540919,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,GODS  HERO,"this game is full of hackers, i have been killed over and over by a guy you cant even see and he never misses..   wow  thats so much fun.."
,Not Recommended,295110,20281078,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Xirz,"Took 2 hours to install, and would not load.Did some troubleshooting, and finally found a solution.Step 1. Install the game.Step 2. Game will not load.Step 3. Uninstall the game.Optional: Request a refund.nice."
76561198011393028,Recommended,295110,14583819,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Long Shlong Silvers,need to be able to party up/spawn near friends. very annoying running for an hour to only die and  have to start again.
76561198048868173,Not Recommended,295110,19155605,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Mr.FuzzyNuts,As of now the survival is pretty much♥♥♥♥♥♥so i just bought an expensive Battle Royale game. The hacker problem is so bad people will call anyone a hacker if they get killed.
,Recommended,295110,19102486,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,QuackyTheFish,When you play H1Z1:1. Starts a BR game2. Spawns in the top corner of the map3. Cant find anything but a pistol4. Realise that the safezone is on the other side of the map5. Game becomes Running Simulator 20156. Just makes it to the safezone with 1hp left from beeing in the toxic gas7. Instantly gets shot in the head and dies8. Repeat*I just love this game*
76561198072257120,Not Recommended,295110,21528417,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Goedmaker,"I paid for one ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game, I now have two even ♥♥♥♥♥ier games."
,Not Recommended,295110,21489663,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,ホワイトトラッシュ,stiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiill♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,295110,20132036,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Bjørg,Great game. Battle Royale is best
,Recommended,295110,20510560,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,SiiMbbA,Battle Royale all day
76561198088324985,Not Recommended,295110,21335853,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,D0gH0t,the ruined the game if i could go back in time i would ask for a refund of this game.just wait until is free really
,Not Recommended,295110,21283089,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Mr. Nux,Devs ♥♥♥♥ed up.
,Recommended,295110,16578374,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,spemak csgoroll.com,it's totally worthing my money it has some bugs but hey it's on early access
,Not Recommended,295110,21280245,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Boyd Doghouse,"♥♥♥♥♥ Utter♥♥♥♥♥♥ Nothing else to say - it's awful. Played on battle royal half of my time playing because survival is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Think about it: the selling point is♥♥♥♥♥♥ ""Survival game"", your ♥♥♥♥in' right its a survival game, not survival in the sense you are surviving things in the game; you're surviving the suicidal and homicidal thoughts you get while playing it. Waste of £15."
76561198121002564,Not Recommended,295110,21237956,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Patback,Microtransactions before official release. Enough said.
,Not Recommended,295110,21064837,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,☆☜ Pigeon ☞☆,Don't add more skins. Keep the market clean to Dota 2 and csgo.
,Not Recommended,295110,21066539,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Juice,"After playing this game for the 41 minutes I have played this game I can tell you one thing, this game is absolute rubbish. The main menu is a cluster ♥♥♥♥ and I could not even join a game these servers are potatoes. Have you ever tried to join a server that was literally potato? Let me tell you it is not easy, and if you try to have a party of more than one person good ♥♥♥♥ing luck mister because it is never happened. Did not even experience the gameplay it was so bad because of a terrible menu and potatoes. I have never been compelled to write a review before and I feel so strongly this game is♥♥♥♥♥so I made one. 0/10 save your money."
76561198209333089,Recommended,295110,23120662,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,ImLegenD5,|Bug Simulator 2017|
76561198209151893,Not Recommended,295110,23006939,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,JAEGER,"for the love and safety for your children do not buy this game period. The devs are all about the dollar signs just like kanye. they had an amazing thing going dont get me wrong, but this is when they knew they ♥♥♥♥ed up. first mistake made was adding more zombies into the game that do like 15 damage each this is avoidable if you run, but if u see someone you can not shoot them because of the zombies. the biggest mistake they ever made was spliting the game. The original creators wanted a survival game now its just a battle royale. I just checked the servers for just survive and they are all on a low pop like why dont lower the amount of servers so you can get an actual high pop. lets see what more. movement is just garbage it looks like you jump with a stick up your♥♥♥♥♥coming out your mouth. The only thing they update in the game are skins so they can make some more money like wtf why dont you fix the damn game before you♥♥♥♥♥♥♥give skins to waste everyones money on. There main focus is h1z1 king of the kill. idk i just like creating stupid reviews on♥♥♥♥♥♥games because its funny. If i could have my money back i would be so happy hey devs if there is anyway you can give my money back i would be so gr8ful. this is the only thing that would fix your ♥♥♥♥ ups. have a fantastic ♥♥♥♥ing day. and stop thinking about making money and actually work on it some more."
76561198081587926,Not Recommended,295110,21720854,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Dank Lord,The game description fits the company really well.Corrupted by the need to survive.
76561198063528583,Not Recommended,295110,21369329,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,D3sync,Thanks for ruining your game...you guys said it would be a free to play console game but now look at you. Your just like all the other♥♥♥♥♥♥thats out there...just another DayZ clone.
76561198323655331,Not Recommended,295110,25554941,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,omegaq8,still there is glitch and bugged in game i lost a lot because of that 1 month farming items gone with 1 glitch so for now i will dislike it when they fix that i will like
,Not Recommended,295110,24231311,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,[UNK] Kyro,"!SOLO SURVIVAL NIGHTMARE! - DO NOT PLAY IF YOU PLAY SOLO!As you can all see, I have spent almost 1000 hours on this game and I've had it since it's release back almost a year ago. The game had a rough start on balancing loot and gun play. Fastforward an entire year and the game is still riddled with bugs, horrible gun play; such as extreme varities with damage, and loot spawns are terrible. You can be fully geared with the best armor in the game, and someone with 1 shotgun shell and a shotgun can still 1 shot you by just shooting you in the chest.I will fight someone up close and land 2-3 shotgun shots and a few pistol shots while the enemy misses, but when he lands 1 shot, I die. How in the world is that fair? Either the shotguns need a huge nerf or they need to fix the coding on how much dmg the shotgun does per shot because it is so inaccurate it hurts.For the loot spawns, the most popular town, Pleasant Valley, has many spots where ammo can be found just lying around, same with guns. But for the most part, and other tools or backpacks are so rare, I only ever get them by killing other players. In order to make a base to store all of the items you have in this game, you need loads of scrap metal and wooden axes. But how can I build a base if I can hardly ever find more than 1 crowbar at a time? They only yield about 30 scrap every time and to repair them you need repair kits, but those are just as rare of a find! It takes literally hours to just build simple walls and a shelter to store your loot.Now what's even worse are the bugs and stupid decisions this company makes to try to 'better' the game. For instance, this latest patch, they have removed bullet dismantling and made chest body armor cover the entire body. Hold up, CHEST body armor covers all the legs, arms, and feet? Where in the world does that make sense? Why should someone be protected when they are shot at by the feet by chest armor?A few patches ago, there was an exploit many people were taking advantage of, which was doing a door glitch in specific office buildings that would allow you to glitch your way onto usually unaccessible rooftops and build bases. Normally someone would sit there and think of how to solve the problem. Well you could always just fix the bug so you cant glitch up there, but eh why not just remove the doors instead so you cant glitch anyways. How lazy can this companies dev's be?And now that this latest patch has been one of the worsts, there is an even crazier bug going on! With just about 300 wooden arrows, which sounds like a lot but it really isn't, you can raid anyones metal doors. No explosives needed, just 15 minutes of gathering, and about an hour of your life and boom you can raid anyones shack.After all this time I have played I havn't been more frustrated with this game. The unfair gunplay and the horrible spawns make solo play a ♥♥♥♥ing nightmare and a terrible grind. I wouldn't reccomend this game for anyone trying to play solo survival for a while until further notice."
,Not Recommended,295110,25882033,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,TheScottishNerd™,This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥kys pls
,Recommended,295110,22270176,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,John,This game is 100% the best game i ever played dont look at all them noob`s saying its not worth buying it. IT IS! if u like to play With a Team or Alone this is the game for you!
76561198272176699,Not Recommended,295110,22840362,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,vize,game of the year
,Not Recommended,295110,28674632,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,I am mut,"Bought game yesterday, still doesn't work G29 error"
76561198338649951,Not Recommended,295110,29639420,Posted: 1 February,all,Radiy CheRL,画面好烂，还要VPN，什么烂游戏，果断退款！~
,Recommended,295110,17326878,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,SynRG Nerdburglar,GET THIS GAME 12/10 WOULD DIE AGAIN
76561198048244532,Recommended,295110,14005433,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,RIKKAYBOBBAY,"This is the best zombie survival game I've played so far. It is in Alpha for less than a week and SOE has patched more and made the game much more playable than Dayz has in the year its been out. Highly recommend, it's already blowing the competion away... If you see me in a vehicle... I WANNA GO FAST"
,Recommended,295110,14005279,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,RainingGlory,"Looks great, plays smooth. Of course it's alpha so work still to come on it"
,Recommended,295110,14005841,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,troicc,"Doesnt work, 10/10"
,Recommended,295110,14002893,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,MalFlamingo,">Starts working at pizza hut to buy ""Most Anticipated game of the year"">Week pases>Gets first pay $80>Spends on H1Z1 buys the $40 version cause i think im rolling in stacks of bills>Starts downloading>Goes and has a shower whilst also vigouriously fapping>Finish downloading>Starts game>LaunchPad was unable to connect>Tries again>and again>Resets internetz and tries again>Doesnt work again>goes on soe website>Thats crashed aswell>Buys noose>finish steam review>Kills self420/10 would buy again"
,Recommended,295110,14034204,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Blyze,After the initial hiccups it seems SOE is moving this project in the right direction. Also I should add this runs great at solid 60 fps on my machine.
,Not Recommended,295110,29653937,Posted: 2 February,all,cruxis,"I never write reviews,but for this game i have no other choice.I bought h1z1 at launch day/night.And i have to admit i actually had allot of fun with it the first weeks.That is until slowly i started noticing that there whas just nothing to do.We played with a group of around 6 people and once you know the game it become so easy(after a wipe we had our base up within a few hours.So we needed to find other things to do right so let's go raiding bases and while fun for 1 or 2 times i fast started asking myself why are we raiding? We have multiple deck bases.We have everything we want without the need for more stuff(all the stuff those bases have you will have already if you know the game).Then there is the whole devolopment cycle of this game. So many promisses and roadmaps and nothing happens. Since launch almost nothing got added and the stuff that got added is not even usefull and does not increase the gameplay by any means(watchtower,hospital,military base,the traps) For people that did not play the game yet,the hospital,military base are 2 places that got added for no reason at all.There empty places with not really any good loot at all. Those places shows actually how daybreak worked on h1z1 many many idea's but just not the capabilities and structure to do something with these idea's.And then of course you have the whole misstep in the summer of 2016. They launched a update that broke the whole game. Okay so eventually they fixed it in december 2016 but keep in mind it took then months to fix there game from a update that actually did not include any new stuff.How do you break a game without even changing it that much? Now with the game stable again my hope was going up again.Yes they actually released nothing really new in 2016 but they atleast seemed willing to get the game better.How wrong was i ....It is now Feb 2017 almost 2 months after last patch(fixing patch) And did we get a 2017 roadmap? nope. Did we actually get anything from the dev team on twitter or on steam? Nope total silence.... I don't understand. I really hope they don't see that december patch as a victory because eventually a patch to fix a game they destroyed by a update in the summer of 2016 is not really something to be proud of it is on the other hand a sign of commitment.Sadly they where able to drain that whole feeling true the toilet again....PLZ Daybreak sell this IP to another company.The game has potential but plz people don't support it as long it is in the hands of DAYBREAK GAMES !"
76561198138735401,Not Recommended,295110,29639212,Posted: 1 February,all,Porridge,"yea, no, if your going to make two games out of a single game, then you are just a money hungry scumbag. games also crud."
,Not Recommended,295110,29634521,Posted: 1 February,all,Bisnotch,"Got the game on the first week of release. Loved it, made many friends. Built epic bases made epic loot and overall had a lot of fun. That is until the game was never getting updates like KOTK after the split up in games. As of now I would not recommend the game but when it was first released oh yeah definitley."
,Not Recommended,295110,17811446,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,SwiftyoT,"If you like to play against unemployed toxic people, this is the game for you!"
76561198005219634,Recommended,295110,14416854,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Sulmir,"Alot of bugs still but WOW! So much potensial! It is still in early alpha and I cant wait to see the finishing product of this fantastic and addictive game.Money worth for the Adrenaline!You hear the footsteps,the gentle patter.You hear the gunshot,your eardrums shatter.Your heart and mind,it fills with dread.The screen goes black,""You are dead"""
,Recommended,295110,14746517,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Ghost,"If you are on the fence about getting this game, I would say ""Now"" would be better than later.  Here is why;Pros:Anyone worried about a ""Temporal start point"" will not be finding one during early access due to periodical server / character whipes.Your input given through the games reddit (while not ensured to be implemented) will at least be heard and/or acknowledged.The hidden gem of this game is the PvE server, now don't get me wrong I am a PvP oriented player, but the fact is that on games like this... it's a shoot first ask questions later game.  The PvE server lets you get a group of likeminded people together and ""then"" go to the PvP server together.You get what you pay for... sort of... right now there isn't a ""huge"" amount of idiots running around causing all sorts of unplayability, when this game goes F2P however?  We all know what happens.Cons:There are a few game ""breaking?"" bugs in the game right now, such as collision detection on certain things, cars randomly given divine abilities (mainly pick-up trucks), random disconnects and crashes, and other bugs of that nature... they are minor and don't really kill the fun of the game all that much.While the numbers are fewer, there are still some... undesirables... in the game (I'm looking at you pleasant valley dew collectors.) that have nothing better to do than block off everything they can before death finds them.  What game doesn't have them?The vital system of the game is a bit out of sorts for me, while I agree doing things should cost your character energy and cause them to be thirsty... the depletion rate of these are rather fast... which isn't a problem most times, but can make exploring rather ""interesting"".~~~~~~This game has been getting a lot of grief over ""Airdrops"" which is nothing more than a creation of a community event giving players the possibility of finding in game items a little easier. (Look up ""Quest Keys"" if you think airdrops are amazing.)  While on PvE servers, sure... the airdrops might seem-- no, just no, it's PvE get over it.Other than all that, this game will give you the standard amount of enjoyment out of 20 bucks, possibly more.  I'd definitly recommend it to people who are into this style of gameplay.**Disclaimer** - Don't mind the critics, everyone is their own.  Watch ""playthroughs"" of the game and do your own research to see if this game would be fun for you."
,Recommended,295110,14589455,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Kynicist,I LOVE this game
76561198334431275,Recommended,295110,31117318,Posted: 13 April,all,Bot Tris,"People gives this game way too much hate, I enjoy it.  I love spending an hour getting loot, then dying instantly, or killing everyone for the next 2 hours.I have never played KOTK.  *I can't compare*"
,Recommended,295110,14601384,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Soprano C,"Well.. In the first few hours of the game, i realised that everybody is mean, most of people kill you on sight, and some people try to beat you up with a hatchet. But other then that i really enjoyed the game, it's gorgeous and is a lot of fun. They have implomented something that dayz should of had, auto run. The Loot spawns are satisfying, there not too common and not too rare. The zombies are a bit glitchy, they attened to hit you while there not looking at you, but it will be fixed. In all i would give it a 8/10. Zombies are atcually good. The Ai's don't feel cheep. Gun mechanics are well made. In all superior to other Zombie Survival games."
,Recommended,295110,15207649,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,|Wabbit-tan|,"This game being a survival game just has to still be in early access i mean its rule #1. other than that fact. the game does have problems... sometimes it will just crash other times it wont open... the fact that its better than most survival games avaible helps it a lot, but the price kinda affects it... ik in this day in age most 3xA tittles and a lot of good games are like 50-70 or sometimes 80 $ but i mean this game (considering the ammount of money you need to put into it after buying the initial thing just to look good) is not worth 20$... 15$ maybe but 20 never... also if this game is possibly going to be f2p then wtf is the point of us buying it... will we get something special.... probably not... i do see how it will help a lot of gamers (like me) who dont have a lot of money to just spend on good games... but it also takes away from gamers who do... which is probably more then the gamers that dont have money.But now to really get down to game play. the things developers could change such as the third person being weird to me and the first being worse... and the recoil isnt rlly needed in a survival game. the spawns in br could be more spread out... maybe smaller lobbies would help tht.im not to sure if this would help in any way or if im wrong because im not a computer fanatic. but from my point of view other than some issues and the fact that it isnt rlly fun singleplayer ( means multiplayer or playing with friends RLLY helps... and most neg reviews prob come from people with out either of those) this game is good with friends and there is a lot of good things about the game and hopefully this is seen by a lot of people because this game is fun... but the developers are seemingly (sry if tht is the wrong word and spelling) very paid to play/win because you have to pay to get airdrops and sht like clothes camos and♥♥♥♥♥♥like that... although that is mostly the communityand steam but... yeah...."
76561198166871105,Recommended,295110,15208000,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,StabbyMcStomp,best $20 you will spend If you like open world PVP/Full Loot pvp.  300+ hours spent so far and still loving it.. community is a bit toxic but good friends will be found :)
76561198158570067,Recommended,295110,14477451,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Covetx,"H1Z1 is a very controversial game at the moment, as are most survival games. I'll go over the pros and cons that I have found in this game being i'm just around the corner of 200 hours.Pros:- The ""pay to win"" everyone is worried about isn't true. You can pay money to change appearance of items YOU FIND!- The devs are looking at bug reports and getting them patched fast.- Gun play in the game can be fun but challenging- There are different types of servers ranging from PvP, PvE, Battle Royal, First Person, and an entire slue of others.- Improvments are constantly being made.- Vast crafting and discovery system for hours of entertainment.- Base building system.Cons:- At this current time (2/15/15) there is no anti-cheat, this leaves you vulnerable to cheaters... HEAVILY.- The game is in an early development stage, meaning you will experience bugs... a lot of bugs. (sometimes they're fun)- SOE recently was bought out by ""Daybreak Game Company"", who hastily made layoffs.- Zombies are a bit buggy at the moment, nothing game breaking tho.Well folks, thats what the game is like at the moment. Does it have its issues? YES! But so does every Survival MMO out there on the market. If you want to give the game a try do so. It certainly is better than other titles being developed right now and its in EARLY ALPHA. (Not mentioning any titles *cough* DayZ, Unturned, Rust, and many others. *cough*)"
,Recommended,295110,18497992,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,AimBotDread,i would recomend this game to anyone . i love this game but it do have its momments when i want to ♥♥♥♥ing unistall bec of the fps issue but other than that i love!!!
76561198153020261,Recommended,295110,18150488,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,SGT.KITTY,its fun when played with a friend but a bit lame when solo qued
,Recommended,295110,17685806,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,leon L,ht6326q32t6q23t32 v332Q21R2WF2WCTFRACRF3CRFT32QT43Y4W3Q VTFGQAYGBV3G2QGY32QY32Q YG2Q3 CANT LOG IN
,Recommended,295110,18017387,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,NiblaNoss #5,"They make a survival games from zombie like Dayz ? ,But they also put Battle Royale and that made the the hold game i think :) Battle Royal are funnier then the survival trust me"
,Recommended,295110,15795774,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Pitabiceps,"The Game H1Z1 is fine. Bugs and Drop of Fps at the forests are impossible to control, but the game is worth the price..however u wont get bored unless you face summit1g 24-7 :D  Fun Game and remember dont trust anyone :DRate:7.9/10Shoutout to my Main Chick , Snoopy  and my Side Chick Feels , Smiley , Peanut  and Compal who made PVPS fun and solid a lot of mutes and reports but in the end a bullet is a bullet"
,Recommended,295110,16746173,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Virus,everytime i start or close the game my computer crashes or bluescreens bcs of it..i rate this 20/10 - Would crash agian!
76561198074124785,Not Recommended,295110,14755350,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Hanz Guvenschmitz,It's like school bully simulator. You get robbed for your lunch money & shot. Not a really fun game to get into. Rust is better IMO.
76561198149722314,Recommended,295110,16493073,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,undyne,its god game
,Not Recommended,295110,21325595,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,unlessimwrong,more money more problems
,Recommended,295110,14005278,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Strelok,Best gameplay ever!Its literally $20 for a press start simulatorGOTYEDIT: Shot a dude in the face with a M1911A1 5 times and he didn't die. He ended up calling me a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ scrub.10/10
,Recommended,295110,14977196,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,not in use - new act.,"At first I would recommend everyone to try out H1Z1, but now not so much. To start, the main game is a bit boring and old after a while. Its not like DayZ or other survival games, its more of ""have a few zombies every once and a while and the rest of the time PVP with broken mic's.""The second part of the game, Battle Royale, is the only part I find fun any more. Although the game mode is fun, the graphics/rendering is another story. H1Z1 is a really easy game to handle on almost any PC, therefor the quality of the game is limited. Playing Battle Royale is a bit hard when you cant see player's in a rendering distance of about 100-200 meters. Where as in Arma 3 Battle Royale, I can easily see 2-3 miles across the map.I'm not sure if the rendering distance is temporary, but trying to play a game you can hardly see in front of you is a bit ridicules.At the end of the day, Arma 3 will always be the top dog for Battle Royale. If you have an extra $20 laying around in your Steam account, sure buy the game and try it out, but if its between H1Z1 and Arma 3 on a sale, ALWAYS go for Arma 3 game.I would give H1Z1 3/10 stars only because I got to have some fun in it with my friends. H1Z1 is truly the only game I have ever felt as if I have been cheated out of my money, especially with having to pay for the only game mode I now ""somewhat"" enjoy/ I enjoyed.- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -UPDATEDUpon reflection, this have has taken a special place in my heart. It has become one of my favorite games to play on a day to day basis. Seeing all that has changed with the game impresses me beyond belief, and I completely change what I had to say previously.I highly recommend you to pick this game if you enjoy any type of survival game. While the main game itself isn't that great, the Battle Royale is near to perfect and thats the main reason to pick up the game."
,Not Recommended,295110,22931676,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,zooid,"Promised to be a Free-To-Play Zombie Survival game, with microtransactions used for buying skins, boxes of skins, in-game Taunts, Air-Drop tickets and Event Tickets, for additional modes.Realizing that people will pay for an Early Access Game they decided to only ditch the Free-To-Play concept, but further the Money Machine by splitting the game into two games that has the same price tag. Instead of buying one game for 20 € that will eventually be free. The new commers will have to buy two games for 40€ total.And the cheaters, oh man the cheaters are the worst. Not being able to deal with them, DayBreak decided to embed the ""wide-popular"" BattleEye anti-cheat. And guess what? Nothing Changed! Probably even more cheaters appeared, running naked with a bow on their bag no backpack, and suddenly pulling out an AR or a Shotgun and kill you. Jumping through walls, exchanging vehicles while they are in your base.If BattleEye was a good anti-cheat then there weren't be so damn many cheaters in Battlefield for F's sake? It also makes you uninstall software like Process Hacker for whatever reason.Process Hacker IS NOT a cheat-engine software it's an advanced task manager! I wonder what will happen if I had installed SoftIce-like Kernel-Mode debugger. Will you even detect it?"
,Recommended,295110,14493218,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Buckeyes Fan 78,"I would highly recomend this Game.  It is in Alpha and there will be bugs.  But as an ALPHA, it is first rate.  the Dev team is very interactive and transparent.  Worth every Penny of $20 Early Access price."
,Not Recommended,295110,23821267,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,[JP]流,YOU CANNOT HOST YOUR OWN SERVER.FK YOU DEVs.
,Not Recommended,295110,21591935,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,David Collins,Just buy Dayz
76561198047405931,Not Recommended,295110,19002682,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Zyklon,"Hi, 4 months ago I would have in fact thumbs up recommended this game. Today? Well I will give them until the END of November to prove me right. After the military base update all the devs kind of fell off. Communication with the community fell off. The development of the main CORE game Survival was SUPPOSED to be the main focus.Battle Royale has been recvieving ALL of the attention from the development team. They backstepped and said in defense they are in fact working on Survival in the background and november will be the ressurection of suvival. Prove me wrong DBG, clocks ticking."
,Not Recommended,295110,22946428,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,dills0n,"Wow, what can I say ... I dont even know how long it's been since this game was launched, most likely, years. This game has gone from good to bad to worse. They still haven't done anything about the cheaters (speed cheats, no clipping, extra sensory perception). The game itself feels like it runs terribly, sounds are asynchronous to their actions. The game feels sluggish and ""taped together"" with little depth or developement. The community is terrible, most of the players will kill your on site with out saying a word. The loot is sparce. Even if you play on a ""restricted building zones"" server, you will still find inaccessable points of interest that have one way or another been blocked off by other players.Fall into a pit of magma, DBG.Everquest from 1999 is still a better game than this piece of work."
,Not Recommended,295110,22690631,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,NinjaShot54,"The preformance is terrible, no way to set a spawn, hard to start out, hard to get enough recources to build without being killed by a fully geared player unless you play on one of the 90% of servers with no players, to be successful in this game you need to be playing in a group (recomended: 3+ players)"
,Not Recommended,295110,19101110,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Blaxx,"Very common issue where it will crash as soon as you get into game every time, happens to lots of people. Unplayable."
76561197992627299,Not Recommended,295110,19100839,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Coverro,"Cheaters, cheaters are everywhere."
,Not Recommended,295110,19098025,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,✪ JnsN CS.MONEY,"Nope.Don't get me wrong, as a Battle Royale player this game can be immensely fun!But there are so many issues toward the gameplay that need to be adressed (hackers and teamers in solo being the worst).There are so many good and simple suggestions towards these major issues floating around on the community boards. But it is like the don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥What they are doing instead is figuring out new ways to earn more money from the players who already paid in order to be part of the alpha and help them out.If they are serious about this form of business strategi, I won't recommend this game."
76561198041633161,Not Recommended,295110,19086905,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Maldorlevr,♥♥♥♥
76561198051888822,Not Recommended,295110,19099402,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Drazon,"The game was initially sold with promises of upcoming huge map - ie. the orientation would be towards survivor-mmo.It turned out to be scam.Since the game hasn't evolved in almost a year, I don't expect it to become anything more than what it is, a regular shoot-em-up."
76561198176054417,Not Recommended,295110,19090963,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Big Digger Nick,Please fix the ♥♥♥♥ing hackers and you have an awesome... truley awesome game here
76561198006715206,Not Recommended,295110,19095318,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Kerbox,"I would have to say that this one was a bit let down, it was buggy at first and still doesn't have a great feel to it. It's not terribly bad but not the kind of A+ game you'd expect from a big company."
,Not Recommended,295110,19098301,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Mulla,"Game has been plauged by hackers since febuarary. Daybreak (developer) does not care. Its a fun game. Allot of fun actually. When it works. And thats the important part ... it rarely ever does. The developers are in it for a quick cash grab, they have no clue what they are doing. Dont buy, go play ARK instead."
76561198088306905,Not Recommended,295110,19090512,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,jits,"I've played this game when it was first released for Early Access and enjoyed it alot, but it just seems that the game has gone downhill.There's no survival to it, and players rather shoot on sight then try to socalize with you.I think they should've had two different playstyles, one as a Human (Survival, Building, ETC) and one with a Zombie (Chasing, Killing, ETC), both of the sides will be focused around team-play instead of solo-play, I think this'll work rather well seeming a game such as this requires teamwork to get anywhere."
76561197992672225,Not Recommended,295110,19299936,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Special Ed,H1Z1 was fasley advertised as a zombie survival game that would bring back swg players.the game is anything but.....at best ... a glorified half life 1 death match called a battle royalto say this game has anything close to  survival or zombies is an insult
,Recommended,295110,14327953,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,ebeNstein,iss ok atm needs moar♥♥♥♥♥♥and a way to prevent kos 24/7 on some serverscant take off pants i game breaking bug
76561198065470074,Not Recommended,295110,21569047,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Klepo,"Well, somehow i got hacked in survival, my storage containers are open, i left the doors close when i logged out, they were open when i logged in... all my weapons, bullets, backpacks, food, water, everything is gone... The gate is intact, full durability, the doors same... I had all the doors loked and someone veryfied to see if they have a code, they did..."
,Not Recommended,295110,15764277,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,SaNe,SO many hackers and now they sell the skins on the market wich i guess inst to bad but it seems that the company that bought SOE is only in it to make money not a great game experience. 1/10 would not recommend.
76561197970635329,Recommended,295110,15766341,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Wegadin,"You just have to accept 5 facts in order to enjoy this game!1. People will befriend you and then kill you.2. People will give you an item in an act of kindness....and then kill you.3. If you try to build a base, people will kill you and take it.4. If you save someone's life by killing the zombie attacking them, he or she will kill you (Girls kill people too)5. Everyone will try and kill you.Happy Gaming!"
76561197982380122,Not Recommended,295110,19250831,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,SixArmDonkey,"I wanted to like this game, I really did.  While marketed as a survival game, this is most definitely far from that.  This is quite simply a half-baked arena-style FPS with one of the most toxic communities I've ever seen.  There are many other FPS games out there that are infinitely better than H1Z1, why not play one of those?  One related note, anyone else sick and tired of micro transactions?"
,Not Recommended,295110,21619738,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,✪h i d e  i t  i n  m y  s o c k,"For all the people who don't know how to refund go to your libary, click the game and on the right it will say stuff. Look for the word support and click on it, click request refund and also remember, you have to had bought less than two weeks ago and played it less than two hours"
76561198022885428,Recommended,295110,14416552,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,^6KlumpeN-dicksbymail.com,It Own
,Not Recommended,295110,22863542,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,STEEZY,"Early reviews on premise accessGames to put joint Zombie SurvivalGraphics texture was completely on top is pretty not bad Zombie Survival System■ good point ■light craftsThe power element is simple, please a relatively early stage at least craftsmanship is possible to become a point ofAs the original weapons (bow) is to Risupon about Seize even hang a can be created in a few tens of secondsEquipment required at least when it comes to going to the survival is at stakeThere are many players in each serverRashiku plan to put up to 2,000 people in one of the serverEarly How much of a server or a population thing is in terms of access, but did not knowThat's what I saw and the other playersDepopulation of some situation that does not meet the other players, such as dayz noteasy handlingFPS, TPS and views change also has become vacant layers can also enjoy designAlthough response operation will also be in the early access goodEasy to surviveOr are you aware of the relaxed layer compared with other survivalBeing survival, it is terrible obstacle not high water and food to be considered efficiencyThere are a plethora of choices, because HP recovery occurs even think about even fabricIt was a design that does not hesitate to participate in PVPPVP is readilyThe HP can also recover, because of the high percentage of the player and run rateThat is what will be several times PVP in an hour than an interesting design Bandit players■ ■ bad pointSince setting conscious relaxed layer, a layer seek a full-scale craft and survivalIt can be a little unsatisfactoryCute different balanceSince the course is early access, until the small part of such a zombie is weak for much of the decision byWhen properly balanced sweet future of adjustment needed to become more interestingEarly noticeable sweetness, such as the balance in the fact to be read, butI do not think good as a temporary Zonsaba MMOAlso fun PVP is H1z1> rust, feeling dayzBecause speed is fast since the operation of the character is also possible, as easily surprise and leaves the PVPThe other party is also possible to win repeat well surprise withdrawal of about three threesome"
,Not Recommended,295110,21496047,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,hsals,"Bought the game in the very beginning. This game had so much potential... But trust me when I say it's dead and buried now, don't buy this joke of a game."
,Not Recommended,295110,21492434,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Alamist,"There really needs to be laws against garbage like this.You dishonor yourselves.You disrespect us as gamers.But above all, you disrespect honest developers who genuinly want to give the best experience to their customers."
76561197987886919,Not Recommended,295110,29529762,Posted: 27 January,all,ILoveBreastMilk,"The game client has terminated in an unexpected way. This could be caused by one of the following:One or more of your game files may have become corrupted. Please validate your steam files.Your firewall or other program could be blocking some communication required for the game to run.You are having connectivity issues. A bad connection, large lag spikes, or prolonged packet loss can cause this issue. Please check your connection for issues.Do not disable or edit any part of the game client files nor run any third party programs, scripts or anything that would modify the H1Z1 game, the network connection to the servers, or the H1Z1 game experience as it may result in crashes, unusual behavior, and possible account closure.It is well known that these solutions do not help out the customers. Something needs to be done like immediately or people will stop playing. I'm sick of driving around with a vehicle fully loaded with base building materials to only have my game crash and the vehicle blows up. My computer highly exceeds the game requirements and my internet is not the issue.At no point in time is there ever an apology from Daybreak for these issues. If it's not going to be fixed I think all players should be compensated with Daybreak cash. Like 10,000 DBC. Please fix the game. Many do enjoy it and have many other games to play that aren't as broken, but still chose to play this.At this point in time I'd say don't waste your money on the game. There's still too many bugs and glitches. Games need to go back to having testers sort out the major issues of the game before releasing them. Dev's these days are looking to save money buy having people pay for the game then give feedback on how it's broken."
,Recommended,295110,14023085,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Wookii,I punched a deer in the face and ran for a few minutes then the server crashed... 10/10
,Not Recommended,295110,22334260,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Harald Hårfagre,How do I know time travel will never exist as long as I'm alive? I still own H1Z1
76561198060396398,Not Recommended,295110,25792327,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,STINKFIST,Two words - Micro Transactions
76561198081821880,Not Recommended,295110,20904456,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Britishthrasher,Just a waste of money. Would like a refund if I could.
,Not Recommended,295110,23856458,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Onga,just bad
76561198060259532,Not Recommended,295110,20160972,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,DocHolliday1887,It's been a long time since I've had such a good fight. But I'm just getting warmed up.-REVOLVER OCELOT.
,Not Recommended,295110,20253984,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Сумасшедший выходные,"If you think getting killed by laggers or cheaters is fun, then get this game. I've died way too many times behind cover from somebody that has no vision on me that the game is just unplayable."
,Recommended,295110,14024053,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Shadow Moses OG,Its Early Access Alpha.  There are issues that are being addressed still even the airdrops.  People are QQing over nothing. I look forward to seeing this game grow.
76561198156670203,Not Recommended,295110,14973489,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,kcaligula2,"Be warned! Tjhis game has zero ""customer"" service."
,Not Recommended,295110,14977840,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Allixtrasza🌠,"Simply Dayz SA without any immersion, stick to real survival simulator fellas."
76561198031810910,Not Recommended,295110,14809275,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Kyn,When i first bought it i was amazed how well it works even in aplha stage... as the goes on it works worse and worse... unable to stay online for more than 15 minutes is just a mood killer i hope they will fix it soon but right now it's a game killer
,Not Recommended,295110,15043735,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,123,Too many hackers.
,Not Recommended,295110,15041781,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Kaiser Dragon,Ok this game is worse than Rust ... Players just kill other players with nothing there is no real maping system and the crafting is gimped...
,Not Recommended,295110,15056259,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Aspiring Champion,"Last time I played the game Hackers one shot the jeep I was in.  This was after 2 and a half hours of looting houses, and murdering anyone that came too close so that I could get weapons and good gear.  It was 2 and a half hours wasted pretty much.  There's no real goal to the game right now other than gear up and go die by some script-kiddie.  Granted the hacking isn't as bad as it used to be, but there is still no end game to strive towards.  Its just a 1st person sandbox shooter.  I recommend waiting at least a few months on it if you're truly interested in the game."
,Not Recommended,295110,15075926,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Richard Gere Hamster Duct Tape,Like spending hours collecting things and then getting destroyed by hackers? This game might be for you...At least once an hour on PVP servers you will be ganked by an invisible hacker and have all of your stuff looted. Enjoy.
76561198158141763,Not Recommended,295110,15099787,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,itasteliketacos,This game is crap!  DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!!!!
,Not Recommended,295110,14796327,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,DaSneakyAsian,"Based off the survival of almost a year ago, this game has come a long way in terms of taking away core features which make this a survival game (weather effects, certain items, severe lack of updates, etc.) This game has now split from the battle royale game mode, but it was all a cash grab to force people to pay for keys. All items should be marketable, and they keep pumping out garbage skins with 1-2 good ones to force the player base to buy keys in hopes of a lottery roll.Besides all that the frame optimization for this game is horrendeous. If they at least fix that along with player render distance, this game would be decent."
,Not Recommended,295110,14897407,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Patr|c₭,"This is my first time to build a base. its kinda excited..until i met a hacker. everything is gone...I spent 5 hours with one friend looking for base materials..me and my friend was inside the large shelter, i crafted metal gate and metal walls etc. My shelter door is locked, suddenly someone shooting at us and we're dead. then I saw that fella can walk through the wall..gosh..he took all my stuff away i haven't place the wall and gate yet!! now i have to start over again.......heartbreaking :'("
,Not Recommended,295110,14912151,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,CrazyLegs,"Over hyped and it really let me down. Hacker galore, don't waste your money wait for it to become free, play it for a few hours and then leave it behind for good."
76561198182287199,Not Recommended,295110,14912183,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,76561193887319903,"I am rather new to Steam, and I made the mistake of not looking up the term ""RMT"" as the game is advertized. RMT is a poison that has infected our gaming experience, and I refused to be a part of it.I wish steam had a tag for RMT or P2W so we can just skip the games that use this poison. Why make your customers hunt for the truth, just tell it up front.This game has promise if it were developed without the P2W system.Have fun killing the Zombies,DoNotReply"
76561198012539768,Not Recommended,295110,14980925,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Fleabag,"Terrible.... to be expected from this developer, poor execution, terrible support, and almost nonexistent follow through."
76561198002571291,Not Recommended,295110,15055842,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Thewhie,This game is horrible. There's no action. You wander around aimlessly through a massive field with a shallow lake and random cabins with the occasional zombie.  You can collect blackberries to eat to recover.  Worst zombie game i've ever played.  I can't believe I wasted money on this...
,Not Recommended,295110,15072258,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,jasonchow2768,I  want to request for refund because I can't even open the game to play
76561198185974103,Not Recommended,295110,15076913,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,mikeanderson584,.
76561198053432283,Recommended,295110,14517289,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,shoverbug,"The game is fun enough, not as in depth as DayZ yet, but much more funtional.  Only problem, like most alpha launches, are the hackers have already ruined it.  I'd recommend it, but don't plan to play it much more myself due to hackers."
76561198104534432,Not Recommended,295110,14911653,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,The Vibe,"Where to begin? Oh that's right can't even begin because both the game and website are in ♥♥♥♥ing alpha and can't even make a station account. ""Unable to create an account at this time. Please contact customer service for further trouble shooting"". Can't contact customer service without having an account... and can't create an account obviously.. because I can't contact customer service and the whole company is in alpha. DayZ's little brother...."
76561198110145098,Not Recommended,295110,15048738,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,chris,"""free to play, your way"" is there slogan, LOL what a joke, your going to have to change it because that's false advertisement. Free to play would allow you to play on the game with any account that you create, in which you can't. You can only play on the account that you baught the game with.. free to play your way, just makes me laugh, although it isn't surprising someone who came from knocking off DayZ would use advertisement stratagies from other skilled game creators like ""league of legends for example""..not that dayz was even that great of a game LOL. still the knock off artists exists in the game world, and we the lover of games, has to deal with them...but do we really have to deal wtih them? or do they just provide humor for our spongy humor hungering brains? Who knows, but one thing is forsure, this guy doesn't advise you to buy this, it's in alpha, wait a while atleast, at most don't buy it at all. know what i'm saying?"
,Not Recommended,295110,15098062,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Ron Mexico,"i thumbs down this because after the rescet update every other time i die when i click resapwn the game freezes then i tab out or open task manager to to try to close it but i still have the H1Z1 mouse arrow so i cant click on stuff so i have to restart my pc to fix it, and becase i see a BIG downfall coming in this game it is mostly used to play BR and its free right noe but when you have to use tickets i see about half the players just stop playing and then this will just be noted as a DayZ clone to get rich. but other then that i like that game itself its fun the graphics are good and i like teh discovery menu for crafting and overall gameplay if fun if you like this type of game"
,Recommended,295110,14628460,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,WarmFission,"I don't know why everone is hating. This game is stable, fun and for the most part not that hard. The only thing (like everyother survival game) is the community. You guys need to let it go. Every zombie survival game is like that. Anyways devs did great job and it is only in alpha.10/10"
76561198148867010,Not Recommended,295110,25378467,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,FlawlessPoesje,FIX THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥I Spend so much hours in 1 character and then it died because of a ♥♥♥♥ing glitch.i was climbing a mountain and i just falled through the ♥♥♥♥ing word and died. tanks for wasting my time game. NEVER BUY IT AFTER THE EARLY ACCESS. or just never buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥game
,Not Recommended,295110,21300088,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Norski yes?,"One of the most ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t moves I've seen by a developer. Split one 20$ game which was going to go free to play, into two 20$ games which are never gonna be free to play. Microtransactions in both games aswell.You can't trust the developer!"
,Not Recommended,295110,21305921,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,fairfire77725,this game was good then day break came along and ♥♥♥♥ed it up. THANKS
76561198030190484,Not Recommended,295110,21299702,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Zerabane,"i cant believe how unethical daybreak is. :/ They have ruined the games they put their hands on,"
76561198040854100,Not Recommended,295110,21299413,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Burningmofo,Alt F4 works just fine in both games now.
,Not Recommended,295110,21370272,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,CheeselnikK,Cheaters everywhere
76561198160370648,Not Recommended,295110,21378366,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Red_Eye,This game means nothing to me and I was AFK'ing it the whole time.
,Not Recommended,295110,21379764,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Rusty Shackleford,"One unfinished $20 game is now two unfinished $20 games. They didn't ♥♥♥♥ us as hard as DayZ devs, but pretty close."
,Not Recommended,295110,21374504,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Warcrime,Now double the clutter in my Library!
,Not Recommended,295110,21407901,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Fjäll,"The most useless game ever. Try to log in, need to verify email, clicks send verificatoons mail, does not get verification mail, cant play game, wasted money."
,Not Recommended,295110,21384380,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Email,"It looked promising when it was going to be free to play, but in the light of the most recent changes I'm quite sure this game will die in early access like most other zombie MMOs."
,Not Recommended,295110,21407731,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Stakker,Split to 2 games?♥♥♥♥♥♥MOVE.
,Not Recommended,295110,25773463,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,tooslider,The forgotten game.  DBG only cares about king of the kill. I predict sometime soon that JS is killed off.
76561198151068778,Not Recommended,295110,29330470,Posted: 17 January,all,Cid,"♥♥♥♥♥game, bought it thinking it would become one of the finest survival games but the game itself is barely surviving... many patches might have been made and the game is still stuck in the mud. There are cheaters, bugs ♥♥♥♥♥♥tons of them, realy!!),  even though the graphics are originaly ♥♥♥♥♥♥ I've lowered the graphics to the minimum, set the resolution to a♥♥♥♥♥♥pixelized one, the game still runs at 20/30 FPS (absolutely unstable), unless you have a good gaming computer you'll never run it at stable 60FPS. And that's not even the beggining, the game itself lacks structure it depends too much on the players, there are no NPC's, and all the players kill on sight, there's no opportunity to give wings to imagination and create some sort of roleplay, trades, economy... create depthness in the game.But... hey... all of that would be ok if we, as consumers, players and members of the community felt there's something being done about this by the devs... well they dont do anything about it, instead, they splitted the game in two. The KOTK (gold digging machine) a lot more merchandise oriented and streamable. And the Just Survive, which they pushed to a corner and are waiting for maintenance to throw that rotten corpse to the garbage because it's starting to stink af and they can no longer pretend it isn't there. Meanwhile they keep promising to the supporters that ""He's fine... just had one too many beers but he'll soon be right back on tracks"".So basically i want you to buy the game so that if the pride of building something new from scratch and watching it grow isn't enough for the devs/corp at least the money might be a good stimulus for them to start doing something.. Although I think they'll just pocket your money and go party to Las Vegas while KOTK gives them juice to keep partying like the animals they are!I'm sorry for the devs that might've really wanted to make this game the next big thing but cant do it due to restrictions made by their bosses (if there are any, much love for you). And I'm not sorry for the people who buy this game in pre-release for 20€. As the wiseman once said: ""Suck a♥♥♥♥♥♥dumb♥♥♥♥♥!""Daybreak fyvm, burn in hell :) XoxoPS: maybe you should create a new skin for the AK-47, it's falling behing to all those AR skins you released in the latest patches. Plus, meth ain't cheap these days."
,Not Recommended,295110,29330480,Posted: 17 January,all,Doodle,AWFUL
,Not Recommended,295110,31064063,Posted: 10 April,all,ShawnPR1,I can't get past the ♥♥♥♥ing launch pad due to errors. Fix your♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198264767960,Not Recommended,295110,19592019,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,NinjaRespawn101,"I think this game is very fun and cool, but sometimes when i get on a server i have amazing items, and then i try and kill a zombie and i miss with my bow i started to run away, but because of the lag i glitch backwards and the zombie kills me and yes this is early access so i forgive the game and still play because this game for me is very fun but i just hope they can fix the lag and other glitchs on servers so this game will be a hole lot better so if you dont mind the lag then get this game but if not well i guess just wait till another patch comes"
,Not Recommended,295110,21326282,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Captain Cat,The devs deserve nothing.
,Recommended,295110,14004760,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,☼ WatAlex シ,"Best game loading simulator, cant beat the fast pace action of starting up a game and re loading it just to do it again. SOE keep it up! 10/10 GOTY"
,Not Recommended,295110,21307293,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,smoothietime,"This is by far the worst game that I own on steam, and I own over 150+ games.This is a joke. I feel like I've literally been stolen from. Terrible devs, but also terrible human beings.Unfinished game, laden with broken promises."
,Not Recommended,295110,21304136,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,BipolarPolarBear,they made a game mode into a side game. prepare for more micro transactions and unstable updates. RIP H1Z1
,Not Recommended,295110,27044535,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,STORMBLOCK,"Depression, Just Depression.This game could be so good if it was actually cared about.RIP JUST SURVIVE :(UPDATE:2/19/2017This game is actually quite fun now. Only issue is the server lag. Give it a shot at most.UPDATE:9/8/2017I revert anything I said previously. The game is officially a piece of garbage. DO NOT BUY"
76561198253403124,Not Recommended,295110,28398326,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,MindLess NigNig,i spent maybe $400 on this game and it keeps crashing and i die and get vehiccles blowing up me after i am driving and glitch out into the sky and freefall and my vehicle explodes with me and everything i have in it...... then im running and i glitch threw the mountin..... i died.......... zombies hit me once... game crashes.. i died....... i dont get it
,Not Recommended,295110,30814049,Posted: 29 March,all,gS.s1Lence >> *A.A,"Save yourself the pain of having to refund it and go buy Rust, but if you really want zombies and cars go buy DayZ, as even that is superior to this."
,Not Recommended,295110,19097463,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Deepon - CS.MONEY,"this game is ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ never works and i have a beast pc, ♥♥♥♥ off fix this♥♥♥♥♥♥pls."
76561198029197913,Not Recommended,295110,19099253,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,B∃∀$T,"Broken game, This is not an survival game anymore, survival mode is dead. They never do anything to make the survival mode more challenching. Only thing they do is realease a new Battle Royal mode (Green Dawn)  where u have to purchase event tickets to even join the mode. Once u are ingame everything can happend. All from hackers killing u or ur game constantly crashing. And the worst part of all, 10 event tickets cost about 9 euro. All they want is money. Instead of fixing the actual game like glitches, survivalmode, cheatingdetection they add another battle royal game mode and charge u of more money, Its okey if u have to purchase keys to buy cases but charge u of money for a gamemode when u allready bought the game is just wrong. Thats all i think. Wonder if this game will ever release and when it does it will probably be dead. Atleast battle royal is fun. More fun than survival at the moment. Maybe i have to change this review when they fix some things."
76561198260622898,Not Recommended,295110,19091203,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,bigruss,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME, DISCONNECTS YOU EVERY 5 MINUTES + 90% ARE HACKERS!!! ZERO CUSTOMER SUPPORT! + THEY BAN PLAYERS IF THEY GET REPORTED TO MUCH, I HEAR IF YOU GET REPORTED 5 TIMES IN A HOUR YOU GET PERMA BAN WTF, LAME GAME. DO NOT BUY!!!!!!!!!!!!!! LAGGY TOO"
76561198090280251,Recommended,295110,25981214,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,BruceBannerOG,Best game for 20 dollars
,Not Recommended,295110,14002622,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Clawzz,haha
,Not Recommended,295110,22970157,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Heyoni,"The game crashes almost everytime.No problem with ping, I have a great pc, but this game still crashes, would not recommend unless the money-milking developers get their♥♥♥♥♥♥together.Had so much potential, realism is great, but again, not worth the bugs and glitches.10/10 would GAME ERROR - CODE G12 again"
,Not Recommended,295110,21282822,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,tearshia,Do you like getting owned by hackers? Do you like games where nothing gets fixed? Do you love developers ignoring problems and customer feedback? Then this game is for you!
,Recommended,295110,14394000,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,PieceOfSheet,"First time playing the game, I get on a server, find some people.We had a short chat, they seemed friendly, offered me some of their loot they found.Went over to loot pressed E and got shot.Last words I heard were ""Friend?""11/10 would cri again"
76561198157690242,Recommended,295110,14635905,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,twitch.tv/zandriell,"First of all, you should know that it's on early access alpha so many bugs and bad things would happen. However, they're fixing everything quickly. Instead, almost all the problems occur in gameplay, anyone can build a base on a car spawn area come on!!! It should be unavailable to build bases on cities or buildings that are already exist. Also it's hard to separate your group mates or friends from other players, if groups are encouraged so they should have some precautions against that subject. I don't know in first 4 or 5 days ı liked it all and really enjoyed, however ı got bored now. A complete reset to the servers or creating new ways for the players  might still make me feel good again.Good survival game for anyone, ı can suggest you to at least buy it and wait for the updates!At first it was 9/10 for me.Now I think  7/10 (for only stuff that ı enjoy, not for new updates if it was it should be 10/10)If the problems get solved 10/10"
,Not Recommended,295110,21245379,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,★ OldSchoolGamer Ð,Don't! Just don't...
,Recommended,295110,19886126,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,sh0q,"Well...i bought itI installed itI runned itI created somekind of shiity accountI logged inI runned it againI was waiting for 5 mins till the gane startedI had like 5fpsI set my graphics to lowMy pc turned the game offI runned it againIt was like 10 fps thenI looked sone kind of yt videoI did al the stuff to increase fps and now i have 11fps:)I just kidding(half of this text was TRUE!)I would bought it again if STEAM could do bigger sale for this awesome 20-25 fps game :)Yes STEAM? Will you do bigger sale for H1Z1, STEAM?"
,Not Recommended,295110,34508707,Posted: 26 August,all,Djangosk,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. All I can say about this game. From already bad to worse. What are devs thinking???
76561198028315045,Not Recommended,295110,29510238,Posted: 26 January,all,Vesuvius,"Broken game, hacks allow people to brute force doors. You you will have fun for a little while utill you have thingas worth stealing and in come the hackers."
76561198024127715,Not Recommended,295110,25173393,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Goat,"There is just no content.  I've popped my head in periodically over that last year and a half and this game is still very underwhelming.  I had high hopes at first, but I don't see this game going anywhere."
,Not Recommended,295110,25189942,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,MoOnTy,"Lot of bugs, LOT OF HACKERS, Bad reporting system. Deaths after respawns, game crashes...Game is fun with friends .BUT . Doesnt worth any money for now."
76561198040683344,Not Recommended,295110,24300817,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,KABOOOOM,"this game is just a hackers delight game and its more of a game genre I would NOT play nor recommend to any one its graphics are old gen, and its combat suuuuuuucks do not buy or fund in anyway"
76561198098012250,Not Recommended,295110,25173003,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,LateNight,"Was a great game, now it doesnt work on my PC> I think they gave up."
,Not Recommended,295110,28979161,Posted: 3 January,all,Nancy Baskets,don't waste your time. it has turned into a cash grab. wait another year or so and try again.
,Not Recommended,295110,28961898,Posted: 2 January,all,Luv Smokey,It kept on saying I could not play!
,Not Recommended,295110,28971858,Posted: 3 January,all,4Dyce,Like the Alpha game that was released 2 years ago with very little added to the game it's really just a money making scam from the developers.
76561198017167142,Not Recommended,295110,28981174,Posted: 3 January,all,BiG B.O.S.S,"DAYBREAK when u going to ban those hacker ?? this game suffers from hackers and cheaters who use ESP (Extrasensory Perception) Magic Bullet, and  especially INvisible undefeatable, so many hacker out there"
,Recommended,295110,19893241,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Akane,"This game IS early access, so its supposed to have bugs 'n stuff. Depending on how you look at it, this game can go either way. Graphics are eh, with a few bugs. Crafting mechanic ive seen before, not original. The overall multiplayer survival is like trying to survive more than 5 minutes without dying, YOU CANT. Most people do the ""Shoot first, ask questions later"" type of deal. Sometimes, you can get well immersed into the game, and escape your life ( basically all sandbox/craft/survival games) and gets you paranoid at sometimes a your heart pounding too, This I like. And battle royal.. pfft dont get me started Two words ""CHINA NUMBER 1"". (And a number)Wolf Rates 6.2/10"
,Not Recommended,295110,21063754,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,AsOiX,"Scummy devs. Nice job, you split the game in two to cash grab.Bye H1Z1"
76561198208127863,Not Recommended,295110,25759186,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,KGxImmortal,"WAS GOOD, NOW NOT......................./´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'....l.........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\.."
76561197984327895,Not Recommended,295110,26307812,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Wraith,"Been waiting over a year for some decent updates to hit this game, and the answer to all my prayers was after already being dropped by Sony, the devs decided to take an Early access product, and split it into two seperate early access products, neither of which is worth owning. On release this game was broken, but it could be fun, because people were playing it. Now all the servers seem to be empty, so you just wander alone aimlessly for hours on an empty map where you probably won't even see zombies. Save your money for any other game."
76561198078250153,Not Recommended,295110,26309762,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Phat-o Rob-0,There is no point in buying this game. No Player Base. They dont ever add or change anything. They have left this version in the dust to give everything to Kin gof the Kill.
,Not Recommended,295110,28991579,Posted: 3 January,all,Oh sweet tuna tartar!,"Daybreak! GET YOUR F#*KING HEAD OUT OF YOUR OWN F##KING♥♥♥♥♥AND START UPDATING THIS BUGGY PIECE OF CRAP! Look, I love Daybreak's Planetside 2 but seriously, fix this game! I was so hooked when I play H1Z1 back in 2015 when it was actually just one game. Spliting H1Z1 into Just Survive and King of the Kill is just stupid, it is spliting the community and it's just making you look greedy.[Graphic]The game is not bad looking. The game runs well and it's fairly optimize, BUT WAIT! There's more! The game is sooooo lacking in term of Graphic option, all you can do is turn it to very low to ultra and a resolution selection screen. The game is still buggy as hell, sometime the game doesn't even look that good. The game is have a lot of ligthing bugs and some graphical error. I understand that this is an Early Acess but if i were you, just wait till this game is out of that stage, but if you are like me who couldn't handle the magnificint steam sale then i would say give it a try. Not all GPU can run this game.[Gameplay]Typical, generic, realistic, zombie, suvival! I understand it's suppose to be a survival game similar to DayZ and Miscreated but this game is soooooo lacking. Why is there no leaning button?! why is there soooo many 9mm ammo but no M9 anywhere in sight?! The game map is small, so you will most likely gonna die by not the wolves, not the zombie or hunger, and thirst, but other players. So it's your choice if you want to lone wolf and kill on sight, or you can form a group and join allience and starting raiding players base.[Verdict]buggy, and lacking with graphic options. The game is currently in it's early stages meaning theres bound to be a sh!t ton of bugs and glitches. This game cashes on my pc not once, not twice, not even three times, but five times if you have a low end pc.if you want to find more graphic option then just go right click H1Z1 Just Survive and just go to files and browse local files and search for useoption.ini"
,Not Recommended,295110,21302857,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Franzangel7,"DayBreak....... all you guys are a shame, you destroyed the h1z1 comunity and h1z1 game, why? because ♥♥♥♥ing money"
,Not Recommended,295110,19412879,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,『VanillaBread』,RunningSimulatorZ1
,Not Recommended,295110,34570928,Posted: 29 August,all,Thug,"I would have ticked to recommending this game; but I no longer feel as if this game gets given much attention anymore.I feel like it's gotten a lot less active, and popular whenever I was on it.I still love JS, but it just doesn't fit that empty space for me anymore.If you want to play something simular to this, I suggest buying Pubg instead as you'll have way more fun/get much more out of Pubg than you will playing this."
,Not Recommended,295110,21083749,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Sikaflex,"This game used to be fun like back in 2015, but then again there was a ton of bugs that the developers just couldn't fix back then. On top of that you would have the back and forth between settings, one day you have to fight off 50 zombies, the next day 1 zombie, same thing with Loot, Bears, Wolves, ect. That was all due to people crying about dying so much, and then people complaining about people crying so much. What this game needs right now is a final release. The fact that these games can sit in this ""Early Access"" stage for so long is a joke. Steam needs to really fix that on their end. I just recently connected after not playing for awhile and even with the new map and gameplay there are still tons of issues. I connected to a PVE server on top of that only to find out it was really PVP. I don't get it, you would think if someone was to developing something along side a product, that when they pushed this version out it would have very minimum bugs. The game is dead in my opinion. I have said over and over they needed to allow us to mod our own servers of this game but the response was always ""thats not our direction"" and that they want to have a massive amount of people playing together on the servers they have. However, they limit every server just about to like 65 players. It's dumb. Not to mention the fact people stopped playing and many servers have like under 5 players in game. I would definitely not recommend you buy this game. You will be sorry if you do at this point. I wouldn't even recommend KOTK now, because you can have a much better game purchasing their rival and ex-dev's game, PUBG."
76561198185479203,Not Recommended,295110,29762342,Posted: 7 February,all,Cobo551,lmao
,Not Recommended,295110,19560840,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,sonnyL,waste of my money
76561198013729293,Not Recommended,295110,25830055,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Grunt,wont play i get the page wont load its dead
,Not Recommended,295110,25830262,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Ctrl Alt Delicious,"Every time i try to launch the game i am redirected to the H1Z1 site saying ""We're sorry, the page you requested seems to have dropped dead. Please check the URL for errors, or visith1z1.comand try another page.""unplayable for me. Thanks."
76561198055885050,Not Recommended,295110,25827614,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,BatShitCrazy!,We as a community need to out right put an end to early access games.  It's a f**king scam and it's ruining Steam.
,Not Recommended,295110,21307189,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,snexmix,double dipping ;(
76561198071891291,Not Recommended,295110,21305072,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,LatinoCreamo,"They`re planning to scrape the free to play model and split H1Z1 into two games come February 17 2016, as follows:""- H1Z1: Just Survive @ $19.99 (your standard multiplayer survival)- H1Z1: King of the Kill @ $19.99 (""competitive"" game modes like Battle Royale)""What the ♥♥♥♥? is this just a prank bro?"
76561197979250420,Not Recommended,295110,21305357,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Feersum Endjinn,"What D1ck move, split it into 2 game sa nd double dip for money..............FOOLS!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,295110,21310365,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,tR IndecentRaptor,"This game hasn't chaged in the slightest. People will still shoot you on sight. I don't find that fun at all. You play without a mic? You're ♥♥♥♥ed. See a player within the vacinity of maybe 100m? You're ♥♥♥♥ed. Try to do better at the game with friends? Friends turn on you, and you're ♥♥♥♥ed. 10/10 would play again."
76561198120729567,Not Recommended,295110,21302919,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Mr.PotatoAims,Even after spliting this game up an making people pay twice as much this survival game still doesnt have any loot spawns literaly played for 2hrs an found nothing got killed countless times but when u cant find any guns or weapons ect to protect yourself.P.S Put in loot spawns.
,Not Recommended,295110,21311023,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,SpanglishGamer,This game still early access and they decide to split into two early access titles. can you finish on the game i paid for?
,Not Recommended,295110,21310279,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,McDrew,split games? money grubbing losers? yep
,Recommended,295110,14015393,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Brian Swang,"97 minutes... 97 minutes of waiting AND ALL I GET IS THE GAME CLOSING DOWN (when I finally get to the front of the que) WITHOUT A SHRED OF REMORSE. ♥♥♥♥ THIS PIECE OF PUBIC NIBBLING, GENTIAL WART GARGLING, FISH MOLESTING, RUSTY TOENAIL INFESTED ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!p.sFIX YOUR♥♥♥♥♥♥SONY!!!_________EDITOk, I finally got into the game, from what I played it was actually pretty decent although I can say that the game needs a LOT of work. For example, looting through boxes and stuff like that feels pointless because rarely anything can be found in them. I like how the game is going though. Do I reccomend the game now I've played it. Yeah! Only problem is the current price tag but whether it's worth it or not it up to you. Then again, you COULD wait for  it to become free."
,Recommended,295110,14007414,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,TanK-KnaT,"So as for all the haters about this P2W BS...airdrops cant spawn unless the server has a population of 'x', so what what means is you cant goto an empty server thinking 'hey im gonna gear up with all these airdrops i just paied RL money for'.secondly hey if you wanna spend X $ on an airdrop that could be ninja'd by another group in the area by all means go ahead... airdrops are free for all... you pay for it to drop in an area near you...this game is not P2W...also this game hasn't even had a whole 24 hrs of an EARLY ALPHA... you accept the T&C that its in testing... your problem now... not the devs... man up... or just dont buy it wait until it is free and released..."
,Recommended,295110,14003156,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Rory Mercury,LauncherSim 2015!!!Would buy again 10/10 HYPE
76561198081362421,Recommended,295110,14005243,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,BirdmanOfSalem,"Games great lots of replayability g99 best part,  guaranteed booty blast10/10"
,Not Recommended,295110,25456351,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Glasses4Life™,"Literaly trash game, stay away. They have zero customer support and they website is crash full of looping."
76561198045751100,Not Recommended,295110,21288257,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,SilentAssassin,Do i need a reason
,Not Recommended,295110,25852067,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Azz013,I recommend this game if you want a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Sadly I really enjoy the way the game plays both on King of the Kill and Just Survive but daybreak taking over and splitting the 2 games was the worst thing that could of been done to the H1Z1 franchise. You can say this is early access but thats crap its been in Early access for 2/3 years the devs have simply focused on Kotk because it makes more money but go back and watch the original survival game this was supposed to be looks so no compaired to how it looked and sadly the bugs have turned people off this game and its pretty much dead at this point.I rate: a steamy pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥10
,Recommended,295110,16718573,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,mcook86,love this game to the max!!
,Not Recommended,295110,26574320,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Hi buddy waz sup,"Fun game, 5 months ago I would've said that I recommended it, but now... I don't. It's a fun game, don't get me wrong, but the devs don't care. If they did, they would have fixed the numerous bugs that can break the game for me and most people, and the constant crashing and poor optimization. Some game breaking glitches include the fact that numerous times that I have attempted to build bases, I would come back and find that it vanished. It runs very choppy in the cities, but relatively decent on low settings in the wilderness. The game also crashes quite frequently for me, and most of the friends that I have played with, so im just gonna assume that you will have the same problem. The crashing seems to happen when you are in the worst scenarios, i.e. zombies swarming you, or caught in a firefight, which will most definitely end in you dying and losing everything. If the dev team cared, then it would have the potential to be a perfect game. Except they don't care, you will have already bought their game and played beyond the point of refunding it if you were to play long enough to come across these bugs and errors."
76561198156738221,Recommended,295110,19190470,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,MECHANIC,awsome game
,Not Recommended,295110,21281171,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,bashinskulls17,so i recently saw h1z1 tried to take away the h1z1 name & call it just survive ... don't fall for it. they want you to think its a new game & it's still a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ microtransactin filled game lmao. plus they wanna fool people with the name change & make the new people buy their ♥♥♥♥♥♥ f u   c k in game lol. don't do it. you will waste your time playing it. it's not worth it lol. it's a dead game lol. daybreak you can try to change the name as much as you want but the long time vets of the game who played since launch day who are still sicken by the game splitting into two & seeing no progress at all is sickening. their was hardly any updates or any progress for this game... don't even bother....
,Not Recommended,295110,34265393,Posted: 15 August,all,Asya Lojistik - Murat Gül,"We started playing h1z1. we were raided we raided too till today. I did know about the update, we were ♥♥♥♥ing happy. We started playing ran away from the spawn point after couple of minutes zombies were still behind me. I got tired and got killed by the zombies. Stamina is not increasing  when its empty, how to craft a bandage: 2 field gauze 1 cream how to make 2 field gauze: 20 scrap of clothes. Were the hell will we fINd that ♥♥♥♥ing stuff in a dessert with zombies behind me. I was playing it fine till today. Now you guys really ♥♥♥♥ed up the game, I quit! G U Y S  D O N T  D O N T   B U Y  T H I S  G A M E ! !"
76561198181708793,Not Recommended,295110,33954703,Posted: 1 August,all,Themanwiththeplan,-This game at the moment is complete ♥♥♥♥♥shit.-The crafting is so buggy you literally craft the same arrow 15 times and only end up with 2 arrows.-Spamming crouch somehow makes you completely immune to any projectile in the game.-Guns and actual good weapons are so rare you would have a better chance being able to load the game than find a gun.-Game loading is completely buggy and often results in crashes.-Community is filled with hackers that can kill you out of nowhere whether they command kill or just walk around invisible.-Updates are not consistent and are focusing on meaningless events instead of fixing the actual game.-You can shoot someone or hit someone more times than you can count and they survive but when a naked hits you with a tree branch you die instantaniously.-Campfires are almost impossible to make even if you have all the materials nessesary it will still require the same materials you have the correct amounts for.-Zombies and other AI are unresponsive and often bug out-Hit registration is horrible often neglating a registered hit when you attack an AI-Some items you find can completely delete itself when you interact with it or show the entity of one item but picking it up gives you another item (Hacket when pickeed up can all of a sudden become a crowbar)-Fall damage is inconsistent and often registers you damage when falling 2 feet but doesn't hurt you when falling out of a house when you want to die to respawn elsewhere-Community is toxic and is plagued with 12 year olds acting like they're black-This game as much as I want it to has very little potential even if they fixed half of the problemsNow Grant it there are very few zombie apocolypes based open world games that showcase semi realistic graphics. ButH1Z1 is not one note worthy of a buy.
,Not Recommended,295110,22857683,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Get Some Help ☯,"Garbage, the devs ban non-cheaters, can't even get that right. Besides that, expect lies, condescending feedback from devs and utter lack of any transparency. Did I mention lazy money grabbers? But look at that cool new graffiti rifle skin!!"
,Not Recommended,295110,22857726,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Fubuki,"Another huge dissapointment in the survival Early Access genre.It started as a wonderful concept, with Sony behind the studio, an engine that could do a lot of the things a game like this truly needs, and a lot of promises.Well, it's been a year, and Daybreak is now trying to milk Battle Royale until it dies, while leaving Just survive to die, and most of the promises are still that, promises. I spend quite some time on this game and had a lot of hopes on it, but even though it saddens me to say it, you'd probably be better off playing an Arma Mod like the original DayZ than this, at least the guns are done right there."
76561198153603114,Not Recommended,295110,22864547,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,NoYumi,"This game was good when the gameplay was about survival! Now low munitions, low zombies and too much granade and explosives! Totally nosense gameplay"
,Not Recommended,295110,25318554,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,DeathlyAttack,Trash game without explaination
76561197963199497,Not Recommended,295110,22581078,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Kakashi,"New Updated Review with New Map and Game Title Change  (Just Survive)I had 1000 hr with this game. First, I want to said this game is not even worthy to play or waste your time, even your $19,99. Why?1. They focus on skins rather successful of the game it self. It is so unethical selling skin on unfinished game. They will release so many new skins, but the game will stay broken for years. Trust me, its already 3 years.2. Progress is toooooo slow. Now they change the title so people will forget H1Z1.3. Zombies are stupid.....no creativity on this part, and zombie really stupid Over Powering, and keep spawn around you.4. Just survive (new title), there is nothing to do with Just Survive....originally you are surviving from zombies, but now surviving from BIG GROUPS only. If you are solo, you will not last very long. I still think the title should be just PVP...""just survive"" is so misleading.5. Building Base???? I still thinking build big base is stupids. If you like waste your time, grinding hours to loot, and cut wood, etcs....maybe this is for you. I just still think the game has NO CONTENTS whatsoever.6. CHEATER & HACKERS : things you have to deals later, this game is so broken, it will not protect you from cheaters and hackers. Usually, every big group, there is one or two of them cheating to protect the group. So, Its very hard to play if you are solo. You can check out my youtube videos, report so many cheaters, some got banned, but other with private cheating..survive very long.I hope the review, give the gaming community morality not to support bad behavior from Gaming Developer. Bad game is one thing, but Greed is other things.Review before New Map or OLD Title (H1Z1 Just Survive)Initial Idea of the game is so interesting, and unfortunately, greed and stupidity of the game developer ruined the game.It was a totally broken game, and still a broken game.If it is a free game, yes it is recommended, but its alpha and they selling skins and charging for the game, therefore its not recommended at all.My pros:- fun for team playMy cons:- number 1st reason, this game basically KoTK 1 vs group...so unfair in the game. I think the game should be built based on territory, so force people to play together within same area against other big groups different areas.- number 2nd reasons cheaters and hackers, with private cheats they are not detected at all.- big base....its like they built palace during survival, i did mention at reedit long time ago but no one listen, this game so stupid you can see huge based and everywhere.....totally not survival. They need to control base numbers, based on occupancy register instead people built many bases everywhere. In my opinion, with limited base built and size, it will forces people do go around more and the survival can be more realistic, instead they only occupied PV and cranberries.- Zombie spawn close to players that is also another negative, so people just know where to find people just based on zombie spawn.- game not consistent, and should be rethou again, maybe we can just built everything even ammo, guns or even cars, and let players loot the food.- hard to melee the zombies, and some of them too passive and hate the random spawn zombies.- last, its impossible to play around PV or cranberries the framerate drop so bad. Game need to be fixed basically or ideas need to be rethou....many bases built around PV, which i think so stupid. Oh well all just my opinions, and i think game will go no where until they rethought everything again."
76561198174655339,Recommended,295110,16719869,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Thanos,love this game
76561198062699774,Not Recommended,295110,34300199,Posted: 16 August,all,BuddYFuN,dev's left this behind to work on king of the killthen someone made a better king of the kill lol karma is a b hu
,Not Recommended,295110,14967249,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,redstain,"Announced BR would be pay to play. Lost all interest in this game, wish I could get a refund.I did not see on the Steam store page it was going to be p2p/sub. I am not saying it was not there, but I did not see it.3/10 - good idea now being milked for cash until it dies."
76561198018677235,Not Recommended,295110,15051171,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,StrayFromThePath,This game is not good at all and I don't think it ever will be. They make TINY updates like adjusting bullet drop and things like that but I haven't seen anything significant after a month.
76561198033820213,Not Recommended,295110,15103706,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Tigercub72,"This game used to be good fun. However now its just stupid.You used to be able to SURVIVE the first 20 minutes, go from house to house and have some fun killing zombies.However now you spawn run for 1 minute, have 20 zombies chasing you 2 minutes later there is 100 and you cant do anything untill you run out of stamina, try to eat a blackberry and get killed.This game has been ruined by the now stupid number of Zombies. I have nothing against a zombie surival but getting killed and haveiong to start ever 3 minutes really sucks.Will change my review when this game becomes playable."
76561198167092024,Not Recommended,295110,14757767,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Slappynipples,"Everytime I played it would crash and freeze my computer. I would have to manually restart it. Then I joined a new server. Somtimes 10-20 minutes into the game and sometimes instantly awafter I joined a server, it would still crash. I joined numerous ones to see if it was just that server but happened to everyone of them. I just tried joining one early in th morning because its less likely people will be up playing. It didn't crash but after checking my invintory I had 0 Air drops left , although never had the chance to use them. When I bought the game it came with 3 free air drops, so what happened to that? Do not waste your money on the unfinished POS. Wait it out maybe 3 months or so, give the developers time to fix things unless you enjoy manually restarting your computer repeatedly."
,Not Recommended,295110,14796350,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Zod MacGruber,Just another clunky copy of DayZ. Another cash grab at best. Sooooooooooo clunky.
,Not Recommended,295110,14797287,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,RaginNoob,Dont waste your money. I followed my friends into this game and found it is years from a true polish.  The people producing and selling pre-launch titles are little more than con-men and theives.
,Not Recommended,295110,14829904,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Gunslanger,1
76561198118850537,Not Recommended,295110,14921921,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,arcticfox,"Would be a thumbs up, it is a great game but their is far too many hackers in this game."
76561198052502314,Not Recommended,295110,14959216,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Brother Sharp,i can tell this is great game. but i dont recomment u buy this game the only thing is hackers. not hack cant play any♥♥♥♥♥♥in this game.
,Not Recommended,295110,14967424,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,ᴊᴏʀᴅᴀɴ,Hate this game....
,Not Recommended,295110,15053046,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Fred Lo,"I bought it cause a buddy o mine wanted to play but the pve kinda sux since theres really nothing to do the most zombies I've seen in my vision range was 3....serious 3 and I was in a town. Guns dont really do the dmg they should (I can 2 hit a zombie with a wooden spear...dissapointed). PvP is alittle better but not much since I dont really enocunter people(3-4 people in 3 days of play). Kinda let down. So I'm gonna go to 7 Days to Die for more action.Its been a awhile since I last wrote that review the game does pick up in updates the server wipes are a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ A variety of zombies would be nice. The amount of zombies in towns have gotten ALOT better. You now have to do alittle more to survive ie forage for food ammo etc. There are however some bugs that just make you want to break your keyboard in half. The weight system is is alittle unbalanced 750 weight for a machete 100 weight for an M19 hand gun. All in all the game has improved, people can be d*cks in pvp and  i only recommend this game if you have a friend or friends to play with cause it does get boring after a while."
76561198005793412,Not Recommended,295110,15066205,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,.Grey,Good game but loads of issues
,Not Recommended,295110,15079697,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,n00bst3r,"I am thoroughly upset with the customer support.  I loved the game but suddenly I couldn't log in (3/7/15).  I contacted their support team via a trouble ticket, didn't hear back for 4 days and then when I did they told me that I was banned due to cheating. WHAT!?  I told them this was absurd and that I've never cheated and asked for screenshots/any data they gathered to make this claim and all I get back is a genereic response that makes me believe nobody actually read my ticket and just pasted a response.  Since then, I've opened 3 more tickets with similar response times and results - big shocker but I'm still banned.  Absolute disgrace, stay as far away from this game as you can!  Crazy they can take your money like they did to me..I'm personally thinking about switching to DayZ unless they can rectify this immediately (which I doubt)."
76561198043427299,Not Recommended,295110,15098640,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Gustav,Nope
76561198086078246,Recommended,295110,15102307,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Mr. White,Sony Entertainment Presents... Login Simulator 2015!
76561198131430852,Not Recommended,295110,15133750,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,PotatoMaGobinus,Things I Have Lost-13 minutes of my life trying to play the game-$20 from my wallet-My Soul
,Not Recommended,295110,15783615,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,ReddBeardd,♥♥♥♥♥game. tried to be a knock off of dayz... failed at that.. barely holds its own as its own game. meh.
,Not Recommended,295110,14957811,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,BigBoySony,Can't say much more. 6/10. Game is ridiculous.
,Not Recommended,295110,15042285,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,..,"the developers are theives and this game will be incomplete forever. not only that but theyre about to start charging people 7 bucks a month for battle royal. get a grip you garbage a** developer. steer clear from this one guys, its more or less a scam."
,Not Recommended,295110,15408738,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Mori The Vampire Lord,"this game is LAME empty empty empty, not enough content, no missions no quests, doesnt give u safehouses, didnt see ANY VEHICLES, makes you build everything from scratch who the hell has time for that, put all the content in the game first, then release it, why dont makers of zombie games take a page out of state of decays book, best zombie game by far H1Z1 IS BORING AS HELL"
76561198174396809,Not Recommended,295110,14911907,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,ramacies.whyyu,♥♥♥♥ING TERRIBLE. play for way too long only to be killed by hackers or a glitched door. ♥♥♥♥ man I know its alpha but come on
76561198117658618,Not Recommended,295110,34492418,Posted: 25 August,all,♥Zaint1311OG♥,You finally ruined the game daybreak. Thank you so much! ;/
,Not Recommended,295110,34377884,Posted: 20 August,all,Nertomaros,"Premise: While it may seem that I have played very little of this game (objectively speaking, 30 hours on a survival game is pretty low) in is also true that I've played it during various stages of its development, dropping in and out for various reasons. But to get to the meat..This game is not worth much. I'm really sorry to say it but over the years it has only gotten worse. I don't know if it's because of Daybreak or else - I still have the now useless Landmark game in my Steam library - hint hint.Sticking strictly to the latest updated and the new stronghold system:- Restrcting the player to simply buing land plots is very limting. Having the freedom of settling wherever (more or less) you wanted was actually an incentive to the game, adding depth to the survival aspect.- Story/narrative wise, for the little there is, it makes it sound weaker than H1Z1 was originally - when it had no narrative to begin with. Upon spawning for the first time in a server, you receive two welcoming notes with some flavour text and tutorial-like tips informing you of the existance of these areas that you can purchase and build bases in.- The starting area reminds way more of Infestation Stories (once known as War Z) than anything you could've come up with. The main difference is that there are invincible snipers all around the place that keep on firing to anything - including deer, wolves and bears - like there's no end to it. The result of this is this constant. loud, firing noise in your ears and the sight of endless zombies spawning on the ground just arond the permieter and being shot in seconds.- The main function of the starting area is mainly to work as a central hub for spawned players but, more importantly, to interact with an NPC in order to sell whatever you come by or buy 4 basic objects (a shiv, a satchel, a crowbar or a hammer). Which leads to the next point..- Sell, sell, sell. That's all you should really care about at first. Because those plots of land where you can build a stronghold come with a cost: that's right, humanity is not on the verge or extintion! There's land to sell and to buy! But going back to the actual content: Any item you sell will grant you eagle coins which you can then spend to buy one of the 4 items I mentioned earlier or by going to one of the stronghold areas (big and empty concrete blocks scattered around the map). By doing the latter you'll be able to purchase the lot. The catch in all this?  If you die you lose coins and if you play with friends you'll end up having them all passing items to a single player. This way all that has been collected can be sold by a single player which will buy the plot and then share it with others by setting various rights/permissions.But the real MAIN reason why NOT to buy this game? Zombie spawns. The zombie spawn system makes futile any effort to play and enjoy the game. This is actually carried over from some update in the older map/game system. Stand still for a few minutes and zombies will start, quite literally, popping around you. You'll hardly see zombies in the distance - unless someone in the distance has been sitting around for a while - but most likely you'll notice that zombie 10m away from you which just appeared out of nowhere and it's now heading towards you.Want to play with a friend? Ah! You might want to think carefully: while a single player may attract a reasonable horde around them by staying still for 5 minutes at most, a second player witll double the amount of zombies and half the time.But don't you worry! For a game that was attempting a ""realistic"" or more natural approach to the survival genre, you now have your newly plot of land to defend you! Just stay inside of the perimeter for a few minutes while you start planning how you're going to build your stronghold and you'll see magic. This land you just bought is quite special, it acts almost like a magic shield keeping out all zombies while you and your friend(s) sort out what you collcted on your way there; by the time you made up youe mind and you'd like to move a step to get some wood you'll notice there are now 50 zombies encircling your base foundation, all waiting just outside the area like they were playing ""stronghold is lava"".To keep it short for others...TL;DR:The game now offers less than it used to, both in terms base building and there's less freedom in it and more arcade elements on how some things are handled, see zombie spawn system, auto defences for the spawning area and stronghold area.The zombie spawn system is rubbish and is the main factor that detters friends and myself to keep on playing. Not that I mind zombies of course, but the current system breaks any chance of immersion and turns zombies into pure annoyance.  The game plays unrealistically whitin its setting and focusses excessively on crates and customisables."
,Not Recommended,295110,34300213,Posted: 16 August,all,Decay,"The new map feels really small, bland, and boring. I preferred the original one"
,Not Recommended,295110,34423715,Posted: 22 August,all,Diggity,So bad now not even close to being worth buying
76561198042944535,Not Recommended,295110,34528650,Posted: 27 August,all,1994,"A year and a half ago, this game was amazing, had so much fun with my friends.Old team let this game down they finished working on it and moved to King of the kill. This new team who came is doing a great job but people expected this game to continue but sadly they have changed it, new 1/4 map (what is the point to release 1/4 of the map and delete the old one which was atleast completed and big..)New base building is decent if You're playing with a group of people if You are playing alone it will take forever to build a decent base.All in all I would like to say that You guys who are thinking to buy this game should not do that it is not worth the money because You will get bored in few hours."
76561198036494106,Not Recommended,295110,23119673,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,sampo,"I just love this early access culture where you can release whatever you want without testing it first. And hey, it's early access so you just put disclaimer where you state that it might not work because it's not ready yet. Best part is that you can be early access forever and also you can split your game and have TWO early access games!No point listing bugs here, just check forums."
76561198118686266,Not Recommended,295110,34406445,Posted: 21 August,all,Prison Mike,"Last update set the game back quite a bit. Map is too small and mostly empty, looting is far too generious and the AI is still laughable.Good framework, but this update should've stayed in the Test Server a LOT longer."
76561198178410417,Not Recommended,295110,23397128,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,kenny47458,ไม่เติมไม่เทพแย่ๆๆ
,Not Recommended,295110,34043527,Posted: 5 August,all,tommy med staven,*gets shot in the foot*dead
76561198200614635,Not Recommended,295110,34043758,Posted: 5 August,all,Clarence,"Terrible game. I cant say how much they messed up on this game. -head dev team""HEY GUYS LETS MAKE A MORE ANNOYING VERSION OF KOTK WITH MORE BUGS AND OTHER REALLY GLITCHY BORING STUFF!"" -everyone playing the game ""awesome! is there a new map coming with it? -Head dev team ""NOPE ITS THE SAME MAP FROM THE ALPHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA"" 1/10 the 1 there is because I paid before the game split into 2 games."
,Not Recommended,295110,28066424,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Lewis.,they took a trash game that was fun and made it trash and not fundont buy it the devs are mentally ill
,Not Recommended,295110,34598754,Posted: 29 August,all,theDANDYpancak,"What the ♥♥♥♥ has Daybreak done to this game, this is literally worse than the alpha"
,Not Recommended,295110,28487971,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,🍖 HammingXD 🍖,"Alot of bugs, Crashes the game, Destroys your other games installed in your computer"
76561198134166910,Not Recommended,295110,34589283,Posted: 29 August,all,Kaliente,Pretty sad that this game has changed..I used to love this game but since this has all changed I guess I need to find a new game..Running around all day trying to find a plot to build is just plain stupid when before you could build just anywhere..If you cared at all you would listen to the people that truly love this game and turn it back to the way it was or at least let us build anywhere..dedicating spots and only so many is wrong and limits the game..Plus having to run all the way back to sell stuff then run all the way back to your plot...Such a waste of time!!!.....I don't ever write reviews but Had to for this one..Bye H1Z1...sad to see you go....
76561197992531543,Not Recommended,295110,34592918,Posted: 29 August,all,Dannyloic33,"16k sq km map supported by the enginesandbox mmolot of zombies / dangerouss environmentand much moreOops, that's deadsoe sold out, the game diednow there's a dumb currency systemyou have to buy plots to buildyou spawn in a safe zonebases automagicaly comes bacck after  a raidraidng is timed"
,Not Recommended,295110,21273306,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Ryyu,"I just want my old H1Z1 back,the good one,the funny one h1z1...This split was the worst idea of your life....Stop being stupid and give players what they want if YOU want that game would be success..1.Fix bugs,2. Keep your PROMISSES!! Daybreak: If you scroll down,You wont see any Recommended,it's only not..think about this..you should only leave this game like it was before,for the people who want the old Z1,leave it be...why to make so different game and then put map size 10mx10m.It's not fun,u cant go to the cities,there are even no cities.♥♥♥♥ this company and ♥♥♥♥ this game.As i say:TheyBreakGames.com"
,Not Recommended,295110,34268668,Posted: 15 August,all,Gnomebo,Just Nah.Used to be a good game not anymore.
76561198009876564,Not Recommended,295110,35013482,Posted: 16 September,all,Kit the Kat,GARBAGE.
,Not Recommended,295110,25544451,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Salvo,"Updated review for the current version (Sep 2017):  RIP H1, huge potential, never used it or delivered on even a fraction of it."
,Not Recommended,295110,26016967,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Sap,Update version: 40504453063630.232132:12 v.2H1Z1: Just SurviveH1Z1: Just SkinsCan't survive if you don't have skins!.New skins and cases added.More bugs implemented.New textures for skins.What a disappointment.
,Not Recommended,295110,34925591,Posted: 13 September,all,FluxxerHD,Everything is already looted when you load in the game. Better to play with a large group of freinds. Also for starters who have nothing it is difficult to kill zombies/undead/infected/walkers
76561198177381818,Not Recommended,295110,35360203,Posted: 30 September,all,casl,just uninstall
,Not Recommended,295110,34267326,Posted: 15 August,all,Supervixen4,"New update, in PvP mode, the zombies are terrible. Over powered sprinting, hit you from 20ft away, glitching through objects, hit reg on them is awful and too many spawn. You can't  PVP with other players or build a base because the zombies are your main focus. Definitely won't be playing again until that is adjusted."
76561198014424837,Not Recommended,295110,34521848,Posted: 26 August,all,✪Massive,THE NEW JUST SURVIVE ♥♥♥♥♥♥THEY HAVE RUINED THIS GAME i played pve expecting to not get killed by zombies next minute a player kills me  pvp is player v player pve player vs enviromentWHEN I JUMPED ON A PVE SERVER I GET SHOT BY A PLAYER HOW THE ♥♥♥♥ IS THAT PVEFIX UR♥♥♥♥♥♥DAYBREAK
76561198093535182,Not Recommended,295110,34528536,Posted: 27 August,all,ginolabar,I really want to go back to the old game h1z1 just survive
,Not Recommended,295110,34529488,Posted: 27 August,all,Ace,"This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Developers do nothing. They don't care about players. Rebrandig old stuff for new, smaller and saying fresh start is wrong.Idea was great but it is whole diffrent story than what is going on. Lots of cheaters, gamebreaking bugs and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ content. Don't waste money for it."
,Not Recommended,295110,34565417,Posted: 28 August,all,splas_h,"This game showed so much potential during initial steam launch. Now theyve ruined a good game. Map is super small compared to old one. There is no survival in this game, its all revolved around PvP. New safe haven is a joke, leaving the area only to be shot in the back by someone camping nearby loot sites."
76561198148532743,Not Recommended,295110,34982495,Posted: 15 September,all,Ken keniff,New Update sucks.... not the same game anymore.
76561198052740536,Not Recommended,295110,34984528,Posted: 15 September,all,Blud001,"Horrible.  Daybreak will NEVER, ever get another dime from me."
76561198125843936,Not Recommended,295110,15150971,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Fuzzy Little Man Peach,"I want to love this game so much and I really do. My friends and I have a blast palying battle royal until I randomly die from a stupid hacker. Hold on to your money and wait until they can resolve this problem. For me hackers take the joy out of games, this game feels pointless to me since a gather up a bunch of suplies and really try just to spontanously have someone right in my face and kill me in one shot.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME YET.......FOR THE LOVE OF GOD JUST WAIT"
76561198056363780,Not Recommended,295110,25411579,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,ra ra rasputin,"47 fps in cities with a gtx 1080 and i7 6700k. The game just feels barren, and dead."
76561198180773231,Not Recommended,295110,34514471,Posted: 26 August,all,dubcity,I enjoyed this game as H1Z1: Just Survive.  Now I cant bring myself to playing this version.  Everything I enjoyed before has either been changed or has been romoved.  The worst part to me is not being able to build where I want.  The game needed some work but instead of fixing it Daybreak decided to start over with a new game.  They just lost an avid player.  Time to try and sell my skins and make some of the money back I lost on a game that DIED.
76561197987540339,Not Recommended,295110,34681053,Posted: 2 September,all,<Killer Point>,"Cant even start the game... ♥♥♥♥ this shity game, DO NOT BUY THIS YOU WILL BE DISAPOINTED! ! ! ONLY BUY IF YOU WANT TO BE CHEATED ON YOUR MONEY...."
76561198275542805,Not Recommended,295110,34962009,Posted: 14 September,all,Shouta193,I Spent So Long On This Game....... But This Update Just Ruined It All Me And My Friends Were Happy With The Old Version And Yeah A Couple Of Updates Were Needed But Nothing Like This...... I Was Attached To This Game......I Loved It To Death But It Hurts Me To Say This But I Would'nt Recommend Buying This.........My Dad Bought Me This Game Because I Wanted It So Bad Not Even 2 Months After He Died The Game Changes.....
,Not Recommended,295110,35127026,Posted: 22 September,all,vin,"Liked tis game; now its just: Wow, thats one big pile of♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197970833568,Not Recommended,295110,35149688,Posted: 23 September,all,Nexlar,Do not buy. Small area. Waste of money.
,Not Recommended,295110,34857450,Posted: 10 September,all,fLrAeNak (Flake),"Was a good game, now its worth nothing. Uninstall and refund (If you can)"
,Not Recommended,295110,34941606,Posted: 13 September,all,deli,"guess I last played it when it was good, koth is a mistake also, so many chinese hackers running around"
,Not Recommended,295110,35111443,Posted: 21 September,all,RADO FELINSKY,"i spent days ingame for farming, guarding my base and cooking 2 years ago... wtf u just did to this game ? it got potential, now its piece of♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,295110,34444512,Posted: 23 August,all,ImGabeNewell,"ATTENTION - To all considering buying this game...You may be reading through all the negative comments and wondering, we are all talking out of our asss, how bad and broken a game can possibly  be. TRUST ME its Broken af. While the devs are lazy af and are unwilling to change their scumy business practises. I REPEAT no matter how much you may be craving a survival zombie game... avoid just survive at all cost!!"
76561198027016995,Not Recommended,295110,34445043,Posted: 23 August,all,Stife,not good at all made the game worse
,Not Recommended,295110,34642054,Posted: 31 August,all,西宮硝子 Nishimiya Shouko,This game is getting worse and worse.. the patch before was better than the past
,Not Recommended,295110,35113070,Posted: 21 September,all,Lithrus,"Not fun, can't do much at all. Too hard to start and no real immersion. You barely see other people in the servers and ""Just Surviving"" is easy as ♥♥♥♥."
76561198077259012,Not Recommended,295110,35197177,Posted: 24 September,all,Horzrad,Nope.
,Not Recommended,295110,26110417,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,B247E,"Game is pretty much dead. Besides that, a lot of the time building doesn't even work. Can't place objects on deck foundation so making a base is pointless. I generally like grinding games like this but when the basic mechanics don't work you can spend hours building to realise you can't even build the basics after getting all the materials. Game might improve in the future but definitely not worth it at this stage"
76561197977715806,Not Recommended,295110,26207065,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,JodyHighRoller,The game is Okay but the support is total crapEDIT* ERROR CODE SIMULATOR!!!!!
76561198095811343,Not Recommended,295110,34307919,Posted: 17 August,all,xHuckleberry,"Daybreak games.... At first this was a survival game, with a king of the hill style game mode added, they then abandoned the Survival aspect of the game to focus on KOTK, then Split the games into two seperate games (cash grab), and now Removed H1Z1 from the title to try and hide its nasty past. This game was once fun, but now is just♥♥♥♥♥♥.."
,Not Recommended,295110,34324383,Posted: 18 August,all,Red,Plz i change name now buy game plz plz..........plz
,Not Recommended,295110,34341397,Posted: 18 August,all,MrMacklin,"This game used to be good in its early days until the recent update that came out on 8/15/17/. They got rid of the previous map in which hundreds of people spent many many hours into making bases and it was all just wiped. Also, the new map has no where to go and the zombies spawn within seconds of you being there. The hit reg is all messed up and the game has just gone downhill. I HIGHLY recomend not getting this game."
,Not Recommended,295110,34431191,Posted: 22 August,all,TonyStacKzZ,"This reminds the time i used to work at my old job. i quit becasue a new ""partner"" has came and ♥♥♥♥ed up the whole system.  Just like this game. WTF!!! happen? well Daybreak ill be remvoing the off my library. im better off playing miscreated."
,Not Recommended,295110,34697998,Posted: 2 September,all,Roxas Lamprunge,"i have had this game since before it split from king of the kill and back then it was good no idea why they decided to ♥♥♥♥ the game up then abandon it only updateing it with more cosmetic crates, i cant even play because i have no idea what my daybreak user info is and so its just wasteing space on my hard drive skip this and buy pubg or 7 days to die if your looking for a game like this... but good"
76561198148227935,Not Recommended,295110,34767728,Posted: 5 September,all,PrisonYardHero,I don't even know what's going on here. I bought h1z1 a while back and now there are like 3 more games in my library instead of it. This is one of them.
,Not Recommended,295110,35295585,Posted: 29 September,all,20bvious 大麻,"i remember when playing this game at 2015 it was so funny...but the game now is boring and the new map kinda sucks...spawn killers, having to buy terrain to build something instead of the freedom of building on a secret spot or inside of the city like the early days, no citys, no funny bugs, just KOS from everyone instead of the early days where u would know nice ppl and hang around with them doing stupid stuff its what makes this game not fun anymore :3"
,Not Recommended,295110,35305248,Posted: 29 September,all,President Duterte,I like the old version of it. They should bring it back.
,Not Recommended,295110,26093566,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Jeff,Stale.
76561197981151676,Not Recommended,295110,26221878,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Dangle,"i bought this game for 20 bucks. let me tell you, its not worth 20 bucks. i swear to god my bow glitches all the time forcing me to walk or be stuck in aim mode getting me killed. the inventory system is♥♥♥♥♥♥ sometimes stuff doesnt shred or equip or go into boxes or drop. you cant quick sort that♥♥♥♥♥♥ sometimes stuff doesnt stack properly. you are going to spend a 1/4 of your game in an inventory. only 1 person can use a box at a time. you cant properly adjust the setting for graphics. the dev team doesnt seem to update at all. ♥♥♥♥ you guys. i want my money back."
,Not Recommended,295110,33959349,Posted: 1 August,all,Mr.Bean,"after being killed about 3-4 times by random people i came across, i managed to find a sniper rifle, soon after i had heard a vehicle approching so i jump into a bathtub to hide and was removed from the game for unfair play a moment later :D"
76561198180055525,Not Recommended,295110,34306041,Posted: 17 August,all,CounterCobweb,it would be a fun game if the zombies arent that good. if stand somewhere for longer than 2 minutes you have to run because a group of zombies are coming after you. it was already a problem with the older version. it was a really fun game to play with friends but when you had a base and you where longer than 3 minutes in your base with your mates it would be surrounded with more than 50 zombies. And yes i know it is an apocalypse game but there are just too many. It really kills the game.
76561198071178558,Not Recommended,295110,34442720,Posted: 23 August,all,andythemex,Look at the negative reviews for the recent updateBring back z1 and bring back the old play style.
76561198103630440,Not Recommended,295110,34645529,Posted: 31 August,all,homosexual (gone xxxtra sexual),"bad gameglitchy and abandoned by the creatorsnever buy it. i didnt buy it, i had just got it for free when they split h1z1 into 2 different games.and if you are looking to buy the other game from the same developers, dont. just get pubg."
,Not Recommended,295110,34699199,Posted: 2 September,all,Phantom Pahim HD,"Don't waste your money, buy ARK or Rust.Last update DESTROYED this game.Cons:- Horrible optimization;- New map is TERRIBLE, walking simulator 2017;- Healing items are nerfed, 1 hit for zombies and you're dead without a hard to find bandage;- You can only build in some spots on the map (who the hell thought this was a good idea?!);- You need to BUY TERRAIN FOR BUILDING in the god damn zombie apocalypse;- Party system is awfully lazy made;Pros:- Nothing;Daybreak had 2 great shots at success: King of The Hill and Just Survive.PUBG made them lost their spotlight with KoTH having better gameplay, graphics and updates.Daybreak lost their shot with Just Survive alone with this update.God damn, I used to love this game."
,Not Recommended,295110,35306667,Posted: 29 September,all,dren farmskins.com,"H1Z1 : Just Survive was a good game. Now it s a waste of money because it s a game that worth like 1 $ now but costs 20$. After the big update this summer they ruined Just Survive. So don t get scammed buying it. Maybe one day they will give back the real Just Survive, until then wait . :)"
76561198067310512,Not Recommended,295110,26204680,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,hedfuk,"Used to be good, now its♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198018208830,Not Recommended,295110,34320378,Posted: 17 August,all,rich,"Had this game for 2 years and enjoyed the old version, being able to make a base where ever you wanted on the map was great and the piont of the game was to survive against the zombies, now that has changed. They changed the map, you can no longer build where you want and on top of that they brought in an in game money system where you have to collect items and then sell them to be able to pay for a base, its totally ridiculous. What on earth made them change it? They have lied to us so many times about this game its beyond a joke and I have had steam remove it from my account. I will never buy one of their games again and I strongly suggest you do the same. Stay away from this game and the dev team."
,Not Recommended,295110,34634885,Posted: 31 August,all,ext-,"Don't survive, it's not worth it."
76561198130229658,Not Recommended,295110,34637868,Posted: 31 August,all,MoarOrLes,"do not buy is my best advice to anyone considering... no telling if the developers will change their focus again or split off into another company with another take on this failed attempt at what is now a crowded genre.either way you slice it, this have been a poorly executed early access offering, all those who purchased before this last change should be offered a refund.   i have a total of 11 hours between the various versions they've offered and it's only been spent with crashes or just seeing if the game had changed.   i would honestly say this experience offered zero fun for me, other early access offerings have not disappointed like this title and would recommend anything else buy this for the genre.Rust/DayZ/PUBG offer way more for the value..."
76561197991070515,Not Recommended,295110,34695913,Posted: 2 September,all,biophazer242,"Don't waste your time and definitely do not waste your money.  Combat is still terrible so when you combine that with the constantly spawning zombies, wolves and bears it makes the game quite unpleasant of an experience.I almost never post reviews but this is just bad."
,Not Recommended,295110,34699770,Posted: 2 September,all,Octal,Don't buy it. Just... don't buy it. Don't buy either of the H1Z1 games. This one would be somewhat fun if more people played it. 6.3/10.
76561197967738130,Not Recommended,295110,34472276,Posted: 24 August,all,Envirocopy,"I don't know how, but the developers have managed to make this game even worse. Are they not listening to what people want? This game has been out for years now... Nothing new, nothing innovative. Only disappointment with every update. I have had the game for 1.5 years and it's amazing how stagnant the development activity is.The genre has so much potential and there are hundreds of thousands, if not millions, of gamers waiting for it to be done right. If you want another early access disappointment this one is for you.- melee is beyond garbage.- zombies are pointless and bite from 10 ft away.- shooting is quite possibly the worst of any game I have ever played in my life.- glitches, glitches, glitches...- the combat is so bad I have to mention it again, if your game has PVP this is an example of what not to do.- crafting was actually okay, until the new update...Don't fall for this early access scam."
76561198108927875,Not Recommended,295110,34284550,Posted: 16 August,all,Larry McSwagger,"After 2 years the game is still gltichy, and it's still♥♥♥♥♥♥ GG EZ this game is bad"
,Not Recommended,295110,34319738,Posted: 17 August,all,Otter,dumbass company
,Not Recommended,295110,34360664,Posted: 19 August,all,NBK-,"So stupid game, after update OP zombies. End map if you reach and you haven't car instant death. DONT BUY IT! ITS♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198375365447,Not Recommended,295110,34329962,Posted: 18 August,all,SKI MASK THE SLUMP GOD,Should be a F2P game
,Not Recommended,295110,34332812,Posted: 18 August,all,admiral ackbar,TOO MANY ZOMBIES in newist patch when i played solo there was a good number of zombies but when i went into a group with my freind they was WAY more zombies that solo (played senice PW1
,Not Recommended,295110,34336580,Posted: 18 August,all,Orange chicken,10/10 Would rebrand again.
76561198003137087,Not Recommended,295110,34360124,Posted: 19 August,all,Poon Destroyer,A name change doesn't change a bad game
,Not Recommended,295110,34330915,Posted: 18 August,all,Jamie,bad
,Not Recommended,295110,34355853,Posted: 19 August,all,Schmuserkadser,"Don't buy this game.Once released, i played this game with joy, but the joy fastly turned into boredom. I stopped playing it. Sometimes starting it to see if it changed. It did not. It has an awful crafting system, very weird controls and can't be taken serious anymore. I would like to have my money back, because the delevopers disappointed and fooled me into buying this game."
76561197972621863,Not Recommended,295110,34926886,Posted: 13 September,all,Zerragon,"Hopeless mess, Ive lost all faith in Daybreak, and they messed up Landmark as well."
,Not Recommended,295110,15837368,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Jarmenkell,Please spend the money on a Choclate cake. you ll feel better.
76561198177759685,Not Recommended,295110,34285696,Posted: 16 August,all,apopofpurple,"I find this game enjoyable but I also understand that its kinda♥♥♥♥♥♥ Hence, the negative review.- Since the update the hitbox is ♥♥♥♥ing awful. Before the update it was just plain awful.- Been playing this game for 2.5 years and not much has improved. It's still early access which is ridiculous.- This new update COULD be fun but would it kill them to add more buying options in the bases? I want to buy just one bottle of water, please.- I like to explore, so thats one of the main reasons I started playing this game. The game is just too shallow."
,Not Recommended,295110,34296318,Posted: 16 August,all,iTraumatik,Devs had the Test server for testing new unfinished map but pushed it to live regular servers way too early.  Its just a small portion of the map to play on with not much on it.   Devs should have kept badwater map on test server until it was a full map to play on.  It looks like they did this to just get a bump in playerbase.  I dont recommend anybody buying since the devs are very slow to implement anything and also fix bugs and hacks. Magic bullet is still being reported as being used also.
,Not Recommended,295110,34413287,Posted: 22 August,all,cyko,"Download the new Just Survive  > Spend 2 days building a beautiful stronghold > the game is just released, make 2 doors to avoid raids (nobody will have like tons of explosives to blow everything already), building the roof > wow, that's really beatiful right now.  > 4 guys with magnuns and shotguns exploded 2 doors before I can even get to the first floor > killed me > stole everything.10/10 would spend a weekend for nothing again."
76561197961681459,Not Recommended,295110,34418930,Posted: 22 August,all,RearRippinRandy,DBG is a trash company. Stay away from any games they make.
,Not Recommended,295110,35396943,Posted: 1 October,all,[BLS] loonatic ☭,new updates made it worse; it was pretty fun a few months ago but they just ruined it lol
76561198113430235,Not Recommended,295110,29501890,Posted: 26 January,all,Fengyan,"This is a ♥♥♥♥ing game, do not buy it."
76561198414045852,Not Recommended,295110,34812906,Posted: 8 September,all,Jill Valentine,"The biggest waste of money I've ever spent. The old map was much better. Nothing but constant grinding and getting killed by group's. Do not even think about trying PVP unless you have a clan. You spend hours and hours grinding for ten thousand gold coins to buy a base. Groups of players that have already established them selves just wait by the base and kill people that are trying to grind. If you have nine thousand coins and get killed it drops you down to like 7 thousand. If you get killed 2 times in row before selling things to the base your down another couple thousand. It takes forever to find things to sell to the base. Once you finally get a plot of land and grind for ammo and supply's you spend another literal week or 2 grinding for building materials. You can have the most insane 3 story base with traps, miss direction, decoy boxes... the whole nine yards... groups will just raid your base over and over until they find everything. It is impossible to play without a clan. The game is kind of boring which leads to groups just praying new players coming out the military base. It's cheap but the game doesnt really offer any other fun content. PVE is a joke. There is nothing threatening at all. All the enimies are easily handled and boring to kill. The game isn't optimized at all. If your computer meet's the required specs it will still run and look terrible. I put 49 hours into an insane base just to have it deleted when the new patch came out. The game just isn't fun. Even when you've put in the 30 hours it takes to be a god and have everything you need to raid someone over and over it just gets old really really fast. Something about the way the old map worked just felt better, It felt fair. It felt like a survival game. Being able to throw a base up where ever you want. Being able to go where ever you want. If you died it would put you in another part of the map so players couldn't just pray on you in the same spot over and over. I could go on for ever abouyt the problems with this game but... i'll just ewnd it with... do not waste your money. Not to mention this game was supposed to be free when it's released. The absurdley over priced 20 dollars to support the beta is a joke."
76561198044777947,Not Recommended,295110,35398771,Posted: 1 October,all,Priest,"I love how Just Survive died out because of DB's poor decision to cash into the Battle Royale hype.Honestly this game had potential. Now it's just dead just like the hype.Rest in peace, you may leave steam now."
76561198216986143,Not Recommended,295110,22566245,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Ph4nToM,Bring back z1 ♥♥♥♥ing devs. u guys literally dumb
,Not Recommended,295110,35513788,Posted: 6 October,all,Hunting Shadows,"hehe yeah, Fire in the Steam,yo, yeah ,yo yeah.bigup mumzy bigup shooknar.RIP H1Z1yo H1Z1 was well sick, played it for days and that, all night and dat.but then the devdem jumped ship. was deperate for players and♥♥♥♥♥♥make a youtube vid, if u wanna get unbanned and♥♥♥♥♥♥pubg is king now. zombies dead ting now.i liked this game but its dead ting now!yeah big shadow. fire in the steam/ yeah yeahting goes brrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrra ta ta ta ta ta. sippy do dub dub, and a zom zom zom zom zom."
76561198167601130,Not Recommended,295110,15689722,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Creamufsumyunguy,"So H1Z1..... Oh how i can love some aspects of you and hate those same aspects all together.Its kind of a love hate thing because I love some of the interactions i have with the player community ( even if i do get killed.) This game definitley has spawned some incredible interactions between players, but that was mostly done by the community. This game's main problem is this ""Killing on sight."" The fact is you have created such a paranoid (in only some cases) player base because when you see someone....They see you and...9 times out of 10 BAM your dead because of lag issues..etc... whatever its Early Access. But you lose that 4 hr investment and the person who killed you was likely with a band of other people. My point is its no fun for a Lone Wolf and if you do want to survive you must either totally avoid all human interaction at all to get ahead, but that is boring....or bite the bullet and convince your friends to buy a game that isnt really worth it YET! Yet being the key word i hope this gets fixed. Add some sort of consequence for just Killing on Sight, Give me a chance to keep some of my loot. Because the problem lies in that if my journey always ends in getting teabagged by a band of people then why should i return back to the unforgiving world of H1Z1. Give me more of a reason or i feel this will be H1Z1's downfall for longterm playability to anyone new or a veteran.Graphics - 6.5 (But this is in Early Access and is subject to change as well as this review.)Gameplay - 7 (This game will get better but the chance you may revisit H1Z1 back to back probably isnt high if you dont play with friends.)Sound - 7.5 ( As like many other features this will constantly be improved.)Playability - 6.5( In its current state this game is mehh...)Overall 7.0 I know this game is in Early Access but this game is in a serious identity problem this far into development. Its a mish mosh of team up, trust no one, Plause Survival with zombies Hunger games mess. I hope this turns around and this critical review can change as this game is not finished."
,Recommended,295110,14345611,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,[MERC] Hefeisten,"i have played for over 100 hours in a little over 2 weeks, this game is amazing and every experience it great.Guns are not too common but when you see one you better know how to use cover with a bow, or how to run in the other direction while breaking line of sight as much as possible.CRATES ARE NOT PAY TO WIN, the amount of crates i have jacked from people and they have had nothing useful in them is amazing, i would not call in an airdrop in the south side of the map unless you want about 10-15 people to show up and jack it from you, chances are you will encounter someone with guns also.If i could pay 20 dollars for over 100 hours of entertainment in anything in this would i would do it in a heartbeat, this game has surpassed that by far.and one last hint if you do decide to buy the game, TRUST NOBODY."
76561198112379087,Not Recommended,295110,17584734,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,PolarBear,I just gotta say that if you forget your email password and username for this you cant make a new one it wont let you play the game
,Recommended,295110,14215839,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Geuwl,Already hackers? please Sony fix this problem Don't want this to become another DayZ
76561198102794880,Recommended,295110,14375335,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,P-Ratt,AWESOME GAME BUT I DONT RECOMEND BUYING IT WITHOUT A WORKING MIC OR A FREIND
76561198089119834,Not Recommended,295110,24436497,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Dags,"Cheating still a problem, lots of time for little enjoyment."
76561198059206490,Recommended,295110,14215241,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Knifejunkie,exactly what dayz standalone should've been
76561197961348039,Recommended,295110,18252129,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,"""MaVi'","This is one of the best shooters ive ever played, played cs for over 7000 hours, but this game beat it all!"
,Not Recommended,295110,21266064,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Ajax Gunterson,"Was supposed to be free but they decided somewhere along the line that now it's actually going to be $40!Also rediculous amounts of microtransactions. Absolutely trashy to have for a paid game, especially one that's STILL IN ALPHA."
,Not Recommended,295110,20173765,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Jesus On A Dinosaur,"""Free Game"" ""Early Access"" ""Micro-Transactions"" Quality Content right here boizonly 20 dollars"
,Not Recommended,295110,21083111,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,beech,"Daybreak made a big mistake putting it into 2 games, both of which are $20. Thats a♥♥♥♥♥♥move IMO."
,Not Recommended,295110,29269604,Posted: 15 January,all,mr. orang,"After only a few hours in game:>error code g201 locks me out, i'm forced to redownload>gtx 1060 6gb can't handle pleasant valley>crash x7>devs abandon survival mode, in my opnion the best>resoultion glitches so I don't launch in native>log out and in to find all my ♥♥♥♥♥ gone>get attacked by banshee which dumps a whole load of zombies around me>crash x10>♥♥♥♥ you devs>log out and in to find I've been reset again>please fix this ♥♥♥♥ing gameoh and by the way it's been in alpha for at least 2 years10/10 would banshee devs again"
76561198125069512,Not Recommended,295110,17710326,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Bunnys Go Bounce,"It is awfully hard to install as when i done it, it seemed to not install enough data files when it said it was done. If any one would like to prove me wrong or to tell me what i can do make a comment."
76561198104350244,Not Recommended,295110,19469445,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Romeulis,"Just dont get the game when the game first came out it was amazing and the company who first made it was doing great. It is not just for the new people to make money and ruined it already. Dont bother getting it, it is not fun at all."
76561198058798412,Not Recommended,295110,19471002,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,jediyodac3po,♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ developers. They made a great game and it was quite fun. The problem is their customer support is absolute trash. When you have a problem with your account you cannot reset password without buying something from them to prove its your account. They tried to fix this by adding in a security question but a small problem in it or forget and your ♥♥♥♥ed. Its a cash grab to force players that have password problems into spending another 20 dollars.
,Recommended,295110,16494267,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Nonstrad,"Lot Cheaper than DayZ, Better gameplay..."
76561198081858243,Recommended,295110,17874631,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Gud Doggo,"i think this is a ok zombie survival game but heard that miscreated is better, other than that i enjoy playing it"
,Recommended,295110,15478143,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Plex,"The game is still in development, so expect a ton of bugs/glitches, hackers, an anti-cheat system that doesn't work, and unreasonable deaths. I'm actually quite surprised by the amount of work the dev team has done, considering that they are only a team of 15-20 people. They have constantly push out updates 2-3 times a month (if not every week). H1Z1 is far from being finished, though, I think they still need time to plan things out before making any big changes to the game. Sometimes the updates deter the performance and gameplay experience. I also want to mention that this game is very, very poorly optimized as of now. I run a i5-4790k and it takes nearly 80% CPU, as well as 2-3GB of RAM usage on high/ultra settings."
,Recommended,295110,14172798,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,CapitãoBR [COA],Very good
,Recommended,295110,15130004,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,george lopez,ok
76561197964455893,Recommended,295110,14531317,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,💩 Bubs 💩,"Spawned 1st time without even knowing controls.Started in 50' of a bear, ran away because I already heard about them.Was followed by a lagging guy named ""Chinese"" 20 seconds later.Sounded chinese but managed to tell me to follow.We charged the bear, I think I got 8 hits in, both died and laughed.GG"
,Recommended,295110,17604078,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Gay Retard,"I am recommending this game for one reason, and one reason only... and that is for Battle Royale. I usually like survival games, but this game has a very slow paced survival part of the game, which can get boring. I think that survival is too much on the pay to win side at the moment, giving players who buy an airdrop ticket for $5 a huge advantage over those who don't feel like wasting another $5 on a game we already paid $20 for...I recommend the developers make loot more abundant in a way that it isn't so difficult to find weapons, or atleast add private modded servers which allow for that. Another reason I think they should allow for private hosting is for regions that aren't the very few, US, EU, AU. I am South African and part of a large community that play H1Z1, and we have to cope with  an average of 200 ping while others who live in the above listed regions get much lower ping, giving them an advantage over us.Even with these problems I experience, the game is still extremely fun to enjoy with friends.My overall rating of this game would have to be 6/10And now for my advantages and disadvantages table:AdvantagesDisadvangtagesA really large asset this game has at the moment in my opinion, is Battle Royale.Survival mode at the moment is slow paced and boring, with loot being too rare, and guns better than a pistol almost non-existant.The gunplay in this game is really good and shows a lot of promise, with not that much of a need for better mechanics.There aren't enough guns to express these mechanics... (only 7 different guns)The game doesn't have too many bugs making it unplayable.There are a few game breaking bugs/glitches in Battle Royale and survival such as in Battle Royale when parachuting to the ground, sometimes u go through and die, which makes you and you're team have to restart. The survival glitch was where I'd be looting and run through a door trying to open it and i get stuck inside, proceeding to jump glitches you into the floor and wall where eventually you die.I will update this review if improvements are made or if worse things happen."
,Recommended,295110,17544040,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,TTV/VASUHM,gr8 b8 m8 r8 8/8
,Recommended,295110,20030550,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Busijka,This game has a lot of fun. But there is a lot of cheaters... I hope they will find a solution. Except cheaters this game is nice to play. And It is improving. ^^
,Recommended,295110,15102397,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Explicit,Sucks♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!! 11/10 Would Play!!!!!
76561198203040156,Recommended,295110,23732022,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,mikejazz3,"I play H1Z1, Miscreated and DayZ.. they are all pretty much the same concept. And are all in ALPHA...If you want a game finished then you should wait til its out of ALPHA, But if you dont mind playing a game in ALPHA, then i would suggest this game.There is still work to be done, but i play pve and pvp... i havent really run across hackers, and still havent found a car.. but it has been fun and i would suggest it.If you havent played this game (or genre) before i would suggest starting on a PVE server to learn the map and meet other players, then move to PVP...In H1Z1 there is alot of KOS on the pvp servers, and if you can get people to join you, its more fun.I recommend H1Z1, the community is pretty cool, and it graphics wise its beautiful,  but if you dont like ALPHA, wait for the game to be finished."
,Not Recommended,295110,22167823,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,BizJak,This game is like a sh!t on the road that got hit by a car and got split in two.For DEVS its all about the $$$ KNOWLEDGE $$$PS: If you think about buying this game just go outside and get some sunshine it's almost like H1Z1 and it has HQ graphics. Just think about all that sweet cash you are going to save for later to buy you some ravioli.
,Recommended,295110,14475776,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Osprey5k,"Wonderful game!  Even though this is still pre-release, the game is still insanely fun!  Updates are consistent and meaningful, which makes for a much better experience than you'd expect from a game that isn't yet in full release.  Definitley would recommend."
76561198212636840,Recommended,295110,14601269,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,lazylegs21,i really like this game so far as a whole. i cant say anything bad about it. The graphics are so good on it witch makes it a plus!The only bad thing isdosent support controllers. Im hoping they would make it where u can use a 360 controller in the future.
,Recommended,295110,17419729,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,K I L O,BEST.SURVIVAL.GAME.EVER
,Recommended,295110,16979810,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,BigBCheeseBerger,this game is my absolute favorite game on here. But as of July 9 2015 Sony got DDosed and now the lancher is broken and we cant play it. ♥♥♥♥ you Sony ♥♥♥♥ you. Fix your♥♥♥♥♥♥ you obvisily have the security of a frickig 4 number combination.
,Recommended,295110,18452162,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Ed929rr,Still has a few minor bugs but the game is awesome.Good job to the devs and keep up the good work
,Recommended,295110,14670454,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,RawrImmaEskimo,"Got called a hacker for using auto-aim.I dont use auto-aim.Got Banned10/10 would get banned again.But no seriously, I got banned for ""cheating"" even though I never cheated in this game. Sad day that the ""anti-cheat"" can't tell differences between real cheaters and people with better aim than others."
,Recommended,295110,19690357,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,123,The game started out real rough with major bugs and issues. From the first few days of gameplay I was ready to not play again after dying to glitches and having various bugs occur casuing a disatvantage. Since then the game has moved forward quite a lot and almost all bugs that significantly affect your gameplay have been fixed.With each major update rolling out some seriously cool things get put in. The base building and base structures have also improved.Simply put I think this is now a great game to play and would recommend jumping onboard the band wagon of the alpha stages. Can't wait for what's next!
,Not Recommended,295110,32183154,Posted: 4 June,all,GhostUi_,░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀░░▄░▄░█░░░▄▄░░░░░▄▀░░░░▄▄▄▄█░░█░░▀▄░▄▀░░░░░░░░░░█░░░▀▄░░▀▄░░░░█░░░░░░█░░░░░▀▄░░▀░░░█░░░░░░█░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░█░░░░▄▀░░░░░░▀▄▀▄▄▀░░█▀░▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀█▀▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀▀░▀▀░░░░░░░░
76561198180334855,Not Recommended,295110,29984907,Posted: 17 February,all,Forza Juve,"....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\Racist game ,Racist company"
,Recommended,295110,17638139,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,starchyyy,"This game is everything I was looking for in a game like this, I tried DayZ, but its so buggy its essentially unplayable, although I have spent more time in Battle Royales than in the regular survival, I feel as though the mechanics of the game work perfectly for a game of its type. This game is a lot of fun to get some friends together for and go into some Battle Royales. I just hope the game doesn't turn to complete♥♥♥♥♥♥after it becomes free to play. 10/10"
,Recommended,295110,14489787,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,*Legion*,"With some time passed since launch and a little perspective gained, I can give this game a good review.Some thoughts:1. The launch day outcry over the airdrops were justified, and the adjustments to airdrop loot has been satisfactory. Given the state of loot in the game as it has been adjusted in patches, I don't think many would notice if airdrops disappeared tomorrow. At this point, it is more or less a non-factor in the fairness of the game. ""Pay to Win"" concerns are, *for now*, abated.2. Daybreak (formerly SOE) has been diligent in updates to the game. The rate of patches and improvements is encouraging for the game's longer-term viability.3. Battle Royale is a big win. BR is what pushed me over the edge and got me to drop the $20 at launch despite my trepidation over the P2W perceptions.4. Security is still a major issue. For the time being, this isn't a game for people that have no tolerance for having some script kiddie (not ""hacker"", do not flatter them) come in and wipe out your character. Daybreak has been somewhat proactive in banning cheaters, but the nature of Early Access is that so much of the game and engine is in a state of flux, and security hardening lags behind. (PROTIP: Scroll down the server list when choosing a server to play on. When someone complains about being constantly killed by cheaters, I ask what letter their server name starts with, and the answer is usually ""A"")."
,Not Recommended,295110,17801835,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,danny,Cant get into game.... its been like this for about a month. Tells me im not using the right account (which isnt true) Waste of money.
,Recommended,295110,14491020,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Careless,H1Z1 is amazing! with all of the patches and updates they keep adding this game will be awsome when its out.
,Recommended,295110,14515625,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Frigidus,"Really fun game, keep making it better :)"
,Not Recommended,295110,25250944,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Beef,"this game is for girls, play a mans game like kotk."
,Not Recommended,295110,27047071,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,fak,Just Survive in 2016 xD LUL
76561198091989942,Not Recommended,295110,22623907,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,iCarpz,nah
,Recommended,295110,14610944,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,YiTeR,"Рекамендую,если вы жаждите крови и взрывы пуканов америкосов то вам сюда"
76561198003050023,Not Recommended,295110,34374461,Posted: 20 August,all,Ketwa,"Ruined the whole game, how can people be paid to make this useless crap? Won't be returning."
,Recommended,295110,14090610,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Clix4Knifes,Huge complaints about p2w but I don't see anything :P
,Recommended,295110,14494075,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,post malone,this game is scarier than actual horror games
76561198085163904,Recommended,295110,14321325,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,masiin,Great game for being in early access! As soon as there is a bug to be fixed they're on it. If you're looking for a fun multiplayer apocalypse game then H1Z1 is right for you!
76561198134334420,Recommended,295110,14514973,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Itachi,"How do i sum this game. Do you play DAYZ but rip your hair out because of glitchy zombies and hackers... this game is for you. Are you tired of glitching through roofs and stairs only to die or worse... break your legs ?.... this game is for you. Are you board of running around with little interaction (pvp) outside of major cities ?... this game is for you.Life 1: spawned in and met 3 guys with bows with in 5 mins... i stood there waving saying ""friendly!!"". They all had bows out but only 1 had his drawn and pointing at me... i felt as if i was about to be murdered... they ask me some questions, i answer back... i feel my death is eminent... a second guy draws his bow just over the left shoulder of his companion aiming at me... i close my eyes knowing my fate is sealed... the guy who has just drawn his bow aims ever so slightly to his right and puts in arrow through his companions head....""did you miss ?! dont kill me man, come on im a fresh spawn""""no, i saved you m8, guy was getting sketchy i though he was going to murder you.. wanna team up with us""""...... :) ......""3 mins later running though a field, a cop car flys by us on the road to our left. He throws the e-brake and flips the sirens""oh, CHIT!! C'MON RUN GUYS""WERE FAWKIN SERPENTINING ALL OVER.... (boom, one mans ran over)""oh lawd, feck you kents, leave us alon..."" (boom, second mans down)I turn around and accept my fate, the cop car whizs by and pulls a hard u-turn... im standing still looking at my enemy, his car stopped 20 ft away... neither makes a move""COME AT ME BRO!!!!"" I throw up to birds and sprint at the car as me mowes me down11/10 would flip off trolls againFor me, this was all i wanted to experience from DayZ. I wanted a truely emersive world; the sounds and ambient music that randomly play in certain instances really heightens the intensity of the game. Graphically its far superior than DayZ with a much more lush enviroment. DayZ is hyper realistic, i will give them that, this game stays true to the basic survival mechanics minus a lot of other character side effects (being cold, feet hurting, screen greying from loss of blood... but this may change as H1Z1 is still alpha.) The mechanics overall are much better, combat feels smoother, animations are better and the fact that i can see a name above a close players head makes a huge differnce, i now can tell who's on my team without having to ask. As is, its definitly worth the money, as if youvve played DayZ i feel its more complete and the developers based on the opinion of the community actually give a chit about their players and resolve major issues very fast."
,Not Recommended,295110,14790930,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Orbit Storm,"After logging approximately 900 hours in this game, I've decided to re-evaluate my review. This will be lengthy, in-depth and address the concerns that the vast majority of the community has about this game.Seven months ago, the biggest obstacles that H1Z1 faced were hackers and toxicity within the community. As of late, the true struggle has been DGC's questionable approach to development and their investor's demands to emphasize Battle Royale but I'll cover today's troubles in a moment.DGC has done an admirable job in ridding the community of hackers but I'd wager that more have simply grown bored with the game and moved on, than have actually been banned. Personally, I play on low population servers out of habit, just in effort to avoid any potential hackers. Given the overall decline in popularity for this game, it isn't difficult to find a low pop server -- virtually all but one are just that.Toxicity still exists within the community. An overwhelming portion of the community is KOS (""Kill on Sight"") and treat this game with a Call of Duty mentality. In fairness to most KOS'ers, their mentality is mostly attributed to the lack of depth in this game but that shouldn't excuse the absence of meaningful player interaction that is more than just pew-pew, ""jaja you suck!"".Back to DGC's development strategy: it's amateur at best. Several months ago, DGC introduced Quality of Life (QoL) patches and shared a detailed roadmap for the future. Less than two months later, that roadmap has vanished with all content updates being sidelined until what is rumored to be later October, early November. Why? Battle Royale.While content stagnates, bugs persists and players languish, DGC has applied their efforts to a Battle Royale ""Invitational"" that is hyper-focused on streamers and marketing of the Battle Royale game mode. Essentially, it's a cash grab despite having sold ONE MILLION copies of this game many months ago and an undisclosed amount of crates, crate keys, etc. Survival has fallen by the wayside and players have left the game in mass exodus.Assuming you can find a post that isn't buried or being censored, /r/H1Z1 on Reddit is filled with posts made by aggravated players that are growing weary of DGC's broken promises and general apathy for the players that they duped into buying a survival-turned-BR title; players that are the future of this game, long after the Battle Royale bandwagon has come and gone.My 900 hours logged are deceiving, they imply that I'm in love with this game. Approximately 700+ hours were logged between January and early June, when I uninstalled for two months.To be fair, I've gotten an awful lot of enjoyment from this game since purchasing it. I absolutely recommend not playing this game as a solo survivalist -- you will NOT find much fun in it, especially in PvP. I played until May before finding a trustworthy group that eventually left the game in June, prompting my own hiatus, before finding another group on a PvE server. Those people are predominantly the only reason I log in anymore, as this game lost its mystique and appeal 800+ hours ago.If you opt to buy H1Z1, do NOT purchase the premium edition. The ""exclusive"" aviator cap is available on the marketplace for just 50¢ and the other ""perks"" have little to no value at all. If you buy it at all, buy the $20 edition and bring a friend. In fact, bring many friends. Avoid PvP as a solo player and prepare for a ridiculous hammer simulation where building a base rewards you with an hour's worth of daily repairs.This game might be in Alpha but there's a line of acceptability that DGC has consistently struggled to maintain. Battle Royale, a mod that wasn't even developed by anyone in their company, should not be getting the focus it does.3/10 for content, 1/10 for experience but 6/10 with a group-based experience.I still cannot, in good conscience, recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,295110,15054401,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,ZuluSierra96,i keep etting a host error code 11001 and it wont let me even install the game WTF i paid 20 bucks for this!!??
,Not Recommended,295110,15083851,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Black Tony,mehlow-rent dayz
76561198074561760,Not Recommended,295110,15126888,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,0.o_LaCuNa_o.0,"I haven't played this game much. To be honest, I was waiting for optimizations and more content. The game lags horribly, on my highend PC, it runs terrible. So i've been waiting.The thing is I don't know if i'll ever play this game because games like these usually are the ones which attract the most hackers. If I don't see positive action and positive publicity that they have eliminated the vast amount of hackers, I will never waste my time even booting it up ever again.The sad reality is that they've sold 1 million copies, so $20 x 1 million is 20 million. They got alot of money and probably will just forget about this game. Sad, but whatever."
,Not Recommended,295110,15302276,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Kang,no.
,Recommended,295110,14387888,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,illusionMaster,"Awesome game! but unfortunately theirs loads of hackers that kill you instantly and take all your gear that took a hour to get! please fix this, its ridiculous"
76561198219245588,Not Recommended,295110,15022125,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Panoramix_PL,The most boring game I've ever played
,Not Recommended,295110,15017262,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Rexxus,"This game is awsome if you can get on and play and dont error message GAME ERROR G32. this game will make you feel like jumping in front of a moving car you wanna play so bad but its really glitchly, kick, hacked, log issues , redic ...."
,Not Recommended,295110,15288487,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,CaptainPoop,"DON'T BUY THIS !!!LOTS OF HACKERS in EVERY high pop. servers ! ( they used to fly around, and be blatant,  but now they just use ESP and AIMBOT )  DEVs. say they have ANTI-CHEAT  but it's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t !!!  Just by the way they ban people in-game, with the public message, you know they are banning them 1 by 1 manually, and theres 20 staff at most  VS 10000000 hackers.Prepare to get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by the dumbest glitches ever,( ALPHA is just a stupid excuse for dev to suck♥♥♥♥♥♥♥)  such as :  Getting your whole screen WHITE while you're shooting at someone, CRASHES <--- ALOT OF CRASHES,  Not being able to shoot, Stupid lag , some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ sync, Try to run over someone ( you have to run 10 feet in front of him ). Shooting someone multiple times and not making any damage,  hitting someone with an AXE 10 times, and he's not dieing ( 30 mins ago i hit a fresh spawn 5 times with an axe + 2 arrows and he didn't die..... he hits me 2 times with the axe, im at 30 HpOn 300 + hours, iv'e got at most 50 hours that was pretty fun, the rest only made me♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ walking, running , looting,  You can even pay 5$ for an airdrop you almost for sure won't get, and if you get it... prepare to get a glitch thats gonna make you die anyways ( you'll see an enemy, you'll crash.. and when you log back in you're dead )I wish i could get my money back !  i'll go try some MISCRATED now... ♥♥♥♥ h1z1"
,Not Recommended,295110,15102393,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,twisty,willy bed
,Not Recommended,295110,15643738,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Bullshifter,The game is horse♥♥♥♥♥♥ Horse♥♥♥♥♥♥I say.
76561198145305517,Not Recommended,295110,15693203,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Jun Naruse,I do not recommend this to asians because there is no asian servers available. I dont think  they will add some asian dedicated servers.
76561198165144674,Not Recommended,295110,14805460,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,cityblue020270,"game is being ruined by al the hackers, i would not recommend this game, i have found its mostlty aimbots and esp being used, if the H1Z1 devs wont do anything then i hope this game does not get released on the ps4"
76561198127159337,Not Recommended,295110,14841636,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Poutine,"This game HAD a lot of promise.Constant updates that cause MORE crashes. CONSTANTLY CRASHES.The worst part about this game is the amount of hackers. There are so many hackers in this game it's ridiculous.You'd think there would be admins to deal with the amount of hackers, but there are 0 admins.It takes so long to get items and loot, you put so much effort to just get killed by a hacker.This game's community will die soon. At the rate it's going, I'd give it no more than a month. No one wants to waste hours looting, only to get killed by a hacker in seconds."
76561198036188853,Recommended,295110,14917237,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,❀LB❀ Servius,Great game. Can only get better.
76561198001182029,Not Recommended,295110,15437913,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Penis mike,Bad Game is Bad. Boring
76561198067928231,Not Recommended,295110,15146189,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,matrixus,"now , with last updates zombies can go into closed doors. that really a big problem and it makes me crazy. it makes game unplayable thats killing me..."
,Recommended,295110,14741076,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Knighto,it k but the lagggg sucks
76561198001736689,Not Recommended,295110,14843600,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Archer7890,hackers run this game
,Not Recommended,295110,14547033,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Joker,as it is now? i dont recomend to play it at all boring like hell
,Recommended,295110,14133387,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Acid Fast,"Look - your choices are this, Rust, Day Z, The Forest, and 7 Days to Die. Depending what you are looking for, this is the game for you. ♥♥♥♥♥♥ in a lot of ways but fun enough and updated often enough that it's worth the damn $20 bucks."
,Recommended,295110,14188620,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Assman,This game is a fixed game version of Day-Z. alot of fun.
76561197968592596,Not Recommended,295110,14766885,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,James Doakes,"H1Z1 is a game I really thought would be enjoyable, initially it was and still is depending on whether I play Battle Royale or the survival mode (essentially the sandbox mode).  The graphics are decent, the ambience is better then most survival games and lots of people play the game.  However the more I played the more I realize that the game isn't so much a surivival game as much as it's a PVP arena set in a zombie apololypse.  I say this because there is very little incentive to actually work together and survive.   Sure you may find someone who actually won't kill you on sight for no reason aside from the fact that that they can and play house for a little.  It ends there however, as the actual survival mode is little more than a chaotic mess of people indiscriminantly killing one another for the most part.  Frankly, it was difficult to play survival mode for more than an hour before I was either hit by a car, shot at point blank range after agreeing to 'team up', shot at point blank range for absolutely no reason, or chased by people with machetes.  Thus my experience may be equated to bad luck, I'll admit.  However I feel the need to add that I've clocked a decent number of hours into the game and have never been able to survive longer than forty-five minutes to actually explore other aspects of the game, namely the base-building.  I just get killed by the some dude with a gun who screaming profanity through the mic.So I've complained about survival mode being anything but, now Battle Royale, the dedicated PVP mode is a different story.  Battle Royale is quite a bit of fun and will lead to a good number of laughs I gurantee it.  The hilarity that ensues during each match is great and the map progressively gets smaller and smaller (toxic gas gets released) so players are forced to fight one another.  Crab walking is an issue however (any of you who have played Gears of War online know what I'm talking about), making it almost impossible to hit players who do it.  Bugs are riddled throughout both Battle Royale and survival mode, though none are beyond forgiveness.  Players getting stuck behind invisible walls, weapon responsiveness and object interaction are among afew that I encountered.One important aspect about the development team is that they do seem to be on the ball with fixing issues brought forth by the playerbase, something that is all to uncommon with early access titles.  For this reason I do believe that the game will actually exit early access Alpha status in the somewhat near future.So what's the Verdict?Well, if you're looking for a fresh new zombie survival game, this probably is only going to disappoint you.  As (I forgot to mention) zombies are not a threat at all and are practically absent altogether from the game; the survival mode is more of a PVP arena with a few zombies in between; player interaction is atrocious, whether this is the community or simply poor luck on my part I am not certain; and there is an inherent lack of incentive to work together.If your looking for an entertaining PVP experience, by all means this game will satisfy that craving, however the game is supposedly going F2P once it's finished, so you're better of waiting until then to try it out.  There are far more PVP based games that are worth your money.Thus I do not recommend this game.  A shame really, because the game itself has so much potential to be something great."
76561198181969243,Not Recommended,295110,15052797,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,NippyNippels,THIS GAME SUCKS♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,295110,15137898,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,SilentSnyds,Hard to minipulate controls and or in game mouse sensitivity and all around a terrble game
,Not Recommended,295110,15672311,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Ghandi's Lefty Testy,"I'm really disappointed in not being able to play the game, cause my requirements are not up to the standards they should be. I play a much bigger open world game at average graphics and I have no problems with it. But as soon I press play on the launcher it redirects me to a error message, stating that i don't have a good enough graohics card. I'm really annoyed the fact that i payed £15 for a game to get a ♥♥♥♥ing error message."
,Recommended,295110,14212749,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,ಠ_ಠ,"Found an unfriendly who wanted to beat me upRan and led him around buildings couple of blocks for 15 minsDecided to lead him to a lakeTook out my bow and killed himHe shrieked &quot♥♥♥♥♥u"" in his dying breathsEnded up being unable to find his loot in the lake.10/10 would go again"
76561198094790206,Recommended,295110,14519390,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,John99123,"H1Z1 is an AMAZING game! Great gameplay and endless fun! Yes it is true there are A LOT of hackers but thats Alpha stage for ya. Just imagine once the game is done though it is going to be amazing!__________________________________________________________________________________I still recomend this game as of today, they have done good with hackers ive been seeing less and less of them! BUT now the game crashes still a decent ammount and the log in sometimes lags please fix fast :)__________________________________________________________________________________As of 5/12/2015 it is Still going pretty good, I still see an ok ammount of hackers but there will always be hackers in every game cause those who hack realized that they suck at the game and need hacks in order to kill people. Still the game is GREAT and all but there are a phew bugs that would be great if they were fixed like not being able to throw nades, stuns, and moltoves at times. So I would say overall that all you really need to do is add more types of rifles to the game and fix the little bugs and keep working on the hackers."
,Recommended,295110,14541145,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,SophisticatedChimp,"Still very buggy - and there is a lot, that still needs to be implemented.that being said, H1Z1 is still in alpha! and will hopefully be well performing, later in development.I enjoy the game, and it is fun, but mainly if you have friends with you!being a huge map, and no quests, you can quickly find yourself just running for 30 minutes after loot -  which can become tedious.if you like games like DayZ etc. I will recommend this game, just remember that it does require some performance from your pc.right now, the value for money is not there for me!so i am not sure if I should recommend this game.but for the possabilities of the development, and the fact that I feel like it CAN become a really nice game - I will recommend it."
,Not Recommended,295110,21377259,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Fuckerson,"This game is amazing! But they just ♥♥♥♥ed up harder then Paul Walker did when he was driving, and the fine bros man. You actually had a great game going on... People actually liked it, it wasnt♥♥♥♥♥♥tbh like cmon guys, but then microtransactions csgo wannabe, the thing with csgo is you DONT HAVE To pay to play, thats why they are cosmetic, but making us pay to play the only reason why millions got this game? LOL gtfo gg 10/10 game in november and such, 0/10 game now"
76561198277721291,Not Recommended,295110,21360514,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,BlaZeDMTK,Such an unbalenced game no chance of survival if joining a server which has been up more than an hour i think it needs to be fixed also the game is 80% microtransactions 20% Gameplay FIX IT U♥♥♥♥♥♥HEADS
,Not Recommended,295110,21374118,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Physic58,"Made you pay for ""Free to Play"" Alpha, then decides to make the game two seperate games to get more money from people who were waiting for it to be free to play. All they want is money"
76561198074821418,Not Recommended,295110,21292385,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,DamirDzeko,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ The devs only care about battle royale and skins. Now they even have splitted the game into 2 pieces to get more money. Survival is so broken even if you have the best PC in the world you need to be happy if you can run the game on 60 FPS in the city. I would recommend the game for battle royal (king of the kill) but if you are buying this for survival you will waste your money. And not to mention how many hackers there are in this game. It's not worth wasting time to build a base getting weapons and ammunition etc, when a hacker can raid you in 1 minute and steal all your stuff and waste all the hours you have farmed for nothing."
76561198133818741,Not Recommended,295110,29814564,Posted: 9 February,all,NuclearLemons,Dayz with microtransactions and somehow more broken.....Just don't buy this crap....please...
,Recommended,295110,14143309,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,mr friend,i spawned.i met two friends.we went to the city.we died in the city.i spawned again.saw a man running.asked him why is he running?he said no reason.ran over the hill.got eaten by bear.10/10
76561198075049663,Not Recommended,295110,20127750,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Ancient_,zip zop zoobidy bop
,Recommended,295110,14871006,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,BebopVox,"Smooth, regular updates. It's a good direction, but time to see if they actually keep the updates going and if in the right direction. But so far - Been super hooked."
,Recommended,295110,14148131,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,seenism,"Really is a great game. Alone can still be fun, but with friends the experience is amazing when working together. I would recommend more to people that have friends."
,Recommended,295110,14106792,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Timex1,"It's about ♥♥♥♥ing time! Goodbye dayz/rust. Will remember you for the good times we had but until you get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together, this will be the game to play. Thank you SOE!"
76561198059893243,Recommended,295110,14365877,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,MR NUCLEARCHAOS,Asianpeoplemeet.complayerbase90% asian hackers10% othersif you like meeting asian men that dont speak english and kos you then dis is da game 4 u. sometimes a decent english speaker will appear.
,Recommended,295110,14350733,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Rascal,"The last years a lot of Games were published in this genre. The most known Game is DayZ. So what is better or different in this Game to the other ones?+ much more stable than the other games even on the highest graphics+ less performance lags ingame+ well planned crafting system+ high frequent updates+ SOE as a big company behind that Game- at the alpha you cant play it very seriously because of server restarts and changes at itself- trolling guys at some server- is stealing a lot of my life time because its so good (+)At all I've to say that the Game is worth it! If you don't want to be a Alpha Tester, wait 'till the Beta will come. With SOE its much more possible to reach the beta or full game status than DayZ...."
,Recommended,295110,14080000,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Joux,"Probably the best survival game out there, Unlike DayZ it runs smoother and more then half of the players play friendly,Big 10/10 on this game."
,Not Recommended,295110,33245909,Posted: 4 July,all,Nyneo,Don't. Just don't.
,Not Recommended,295110,21283495,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Hej,I played this game .2 hours longer than I should have. RIP refund.
,Not Recommended,295110,31285683,Posted: 21 April,all,XibaRootS ㄨ(R.I.P),"just a bad game in general, lots of bad decisions by the developers. I personally would not recommend this game to anyone."
,Recommended,295110,14745721,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,xGeneraLz^.,Got run over by a carEaten by a zombiePlayed with Pewds and Summit serveral timesCluster ♥♥♥♥ed by teams10/10 would play
,Not Recommended,295110,33357200,Posted: 7 July,all,Daemoneyes,"H1Z0, there are no ♥♥♥♥ing zombies.Just checked it out again after several months of break and there are still no zombies, they are still spewing out cash crates full with fugly clothing but not a single update on this game. 60 min running around the map and checking location after location, no backtracking and i encountered a whopping 2 zombies that were miles apart.DO NOT SPEND MONEY ON THIS CRAP!Daybreak are asshats and liars, ♥♥♥♥ them."
,Recommended,295110,15860000,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Flashcry35,I enjoyed it.
,Not Recommended,295110,21311764,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Snubber,I bought this game for Battle Royale an loved it. Despite all it's flaws I loved this game.Then the decided to make Battle Royale a separate game that you had to pay another 20$ for...Congratulations on losing your fan base. Great job.
76561198098416226,Not Recommended,295110,33590669,Posted: 16 July,all,Kungpapi,its trash lmfao
,Not Recommended,295110,29250542,Posted: 14 January,all,Titan,"HelloI had high hopes for this game, because it looked fun (judging from gameplay videos), but it didn't taste as good as I wished for, even worse - I had a feeling this game has gone out right from the other side of the digestive system.if anyone is planning to buy this game dont or you will regret buying this game2/10"
,Not Recommended,295110,28978529,Posted: 3 January,all,Goofy,"Absolutly terrible cant run it at all and all it does is lag out when i try to change settings they need to make it for anyone not some one with a 5,000 dollar computer"
76561198354501769,Not Recommended,295110,28981284,Posted: 3 January,all,SlayEdits,my game is laggy asf amd how do i refund my money?
76561198136250460,Not Recommended,295110,21305207,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,pandatree12,This game is garbage.  Everyone one bought H1Z1 to play Battle Royale.  DO NOT BE FULLED!!!  This is the zombie survival aspect of H1Z1 not the have fun shooting other players in a massive deathmatch side.  All of my 36.1 hours that I put into this game are from playing Battle Royale with my friends not the cheesy zombie survival.
76561198172068873,Not Recommended,295110,21310869,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Dellix,price gouge
76561197969663602,Not Recommended,295110,21305405,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Tiag el Limón,"Bad boys, bad boys whatcha gonna do?Whatcha gonna do when they come for you?Bad boys, bad boys whatcha gonna do?Whatcha gonna do when they come for you?"
76561198079969994,Recommended,295110,14344253,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Daniel,"I belive you should focus more on the bulding and making it possible to like a good life in the woods with your team. meaning not having to spend several hours to get all the recipies to build 1 matress and die. also i think it would be nice to have a button to chat in the server chat. Lasly i think it would be a nice idea to make berries 3-4 energy and 1-2 hp regeneration.For an early game, You guys a deffintly doing good and are on the right track. hopefully people will start relizing that they bought an early access instead of judging the game and saying its a bad game ect."
,Recommended,295110,28953793,Posted: 2 January,all,Mahde,u will have alot of fun playing this game solo/with a group mostly with a groupi highly recommend this gamepls give it a chance :)
76561198254376437,Not Recommended,295110,30658950,Posted: 21 March,all,AdamTankkk,Everybody act like a lunatic
,Not Recommended,295110,23798289,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,AcrobaticMoose,"Let's face it... This game could be a lot, lot better."
,Not Recommended,295110,21511474,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,MonkeyXing,"For some reason, this game used to run at a solid 60 fps on my laptop and around about 150-200 on my desktop. Now it runs at a constant 15... I might have complained about the microtransactions or them splitting the game in two for no reason other than money but I can't even play enough to complain about either of those issues. I know, I know. It's early access. Maybe it will improve in the future. Maybe it won't. Who knows? As of right now, It's a pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥Go buy one of the several other survival multiplayers and let this one die."
,Not Recommended,295110,15284499,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,painkiller141,"eh, worth it but not fun after tim,  so i cry ery  tim i pway game."
56419846531658146,Not Recommended,295110,15085381,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,One,fps problems on alpha games :P
,Not Recommended,295110,15024352,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Massive Pink Legend,"the game has potential but lacks a lot of good stuffbad pointseveryone will kill you and betray youalmost impossible to find freinds even when using maphackers oh god the hackersconstant crashingserver waiting timesover powered pistol (seriously ive seen people get shot with a machine gun and they survive yet a pistol is like 3 shot kill)and much much moregood pointsnice graphicscool weapon design from looks to the noise it makescool map designvehiclescraftingand the choice of pvp to pve.update... do not buy this game under any means. if you do you will be lucky to even launch the game in the first place, devs seem to care more about transactions for t shirts in game and other skins no one cares about instead of well you know ACTUALLY FIXING THE ♥♥♥♥ING GAME, constant hackers, crap server loading times, constant server wipes and i know its in alpha but come on do we really need like 100000 server wipes, there isnt even any point in playing this game.also if your a huge fan of battle royal this game is perfect for you because it went from a strategic survival based horror game to a call of duty mlg clone of kill everyone as fast as you can to win crappy prizes whilst survival fans sit there wasting there time when they can play a much better game.wish i could have my money back but im afraid its too late especially since i got this before the new steam refund system.update: do not download/buy this game it is basically planetside 2 (daybreaks other cash grab) that has been turned into a broken ""zombie"" game, only focuses on updating mlg skins for br mode and is highly pay to win."
,Not Recommended,295110,14523914,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,ShockdAking,"NICE GAME, but a lot of cheat."
76561198001340672,Not Recommended,295110,14751686,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Virus ♫,"Decent game, but honestly a little stale and dull at the moment. You see all the game has to offer after the first week. Patches and New content are extremenly lacking since SOE moved to Daybreak, and it shows. I am not sure of the future of this game."
,Not Recommended,295110,14925688,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,sick,I regret purchasing this game.
,Not Recommended,295110,15093629,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Mulany,This game is really boring and cliche. I know for a fact ive played this game before but just titled differently. There is nothing that stands out from this game versus other zombie survival games. I woud wait until it goes free and then play it but do not waste money on this game like I did.The people who stream this game may make it look really fun but they are just hyping it up because they get perks for doing so. Dont fall for the little marketing ploy.
76561197966276994,Not Recommended,295110,29023923,Posted: 4 January,all,Scooty,"1/4/2017 UPDATED No roadmap, no development. Dev's refuse to be transparent.Total Vaporware.Cashgrab Scam.Active regression and simplification.Recreating the same bugs to squash them for feinted progess.Skin crates have fallen far far behind the duplicate engine game KotK.-These people deserve the worst of what life has to offer for stealing my money under the premise of using it to fund game development.""H1Lan ""We hit the ground running this morning on this.(cheating) Expect updates this week""Confirmed on Discord, no updates this week. Discord Q&A a number of Frustrated players ask about BattlEye Updates or Post at the frustration of no Updates this week they just Kick from Discord Server.""Reddit 3/8/17 ""So what's next? I'm happy to finally be able to say that the next Live update will be the last one you see without new content. The new melee system looks amazing and we're close to being able to roll that out. Weather (rain for now) is 99% done and I expect to see that Live in the next few weeks."""
,Recommended,295110,17725903,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Grelok,i didn't expect to have so much fun.
,Not Recommended,295110,22589582,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Dareth,Hackers are out of control. I'm done with this game unless they allow private servers.
76561198261499749,Not Recommended,295110,22962555,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,R3aPoR,the games not worth the buy dont be scammed by daybreak i got banned for no reason so take that into consideration b4 you buy its a huge pay to win bases i bought 115 airdrops and got banned please be very careful when you get this game....
,Recommended,295110,14207582,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,animelover74,good game untz untz untz
,Recommended,295110,19796570,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,"Grace, Too","Regardless of what you read on reddit and other sites, this game has a very promising future.The developers are dedicated, and are always trying to please the community.Keep in mind, when buying this game, that it is in alpha still. There are tons of problems. There might be something that will negatively effect the way YOU want to play this game. Updates and bug fixes are almost a weekly occurrence so patience is required.If you're critical of everything you play, buy the game when it's on sale. :Z:"
76561198059227571,Not Recommended,295110,14019916,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Wizard Moose,"I waited about 3 hours of delays to actually BUY the game, little did I know that that was the beginning of another 5 hours of error G99 (Yesterday, day of realease) before I gave it a break until today. I put another hour today trying to get into a game. Everytime I joined a server it said I was in the que, then H1Z1 crashed... The minute the game was realeased, the devs dropped a bomb on us, supply drops. For the past 8-9 months the devs have been praising themselves on there ""Non-P2W"" system of the game, saying all the ingame purchases are for tickets into BR or cosmetic items, with supply drops, you can buy weapons, something that the devs promised wouldnt happen. This is why I'm asking for a refund."
76561197969375124,Not Recommended,295110,14020007,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Edguy,"$OE yet again have focused more on the in game pay with real cash market than they have on the actual game. Lots of bugs and server issues which is something you would expect in a alpha early access.Therefore not recomended.,  Yet...."
,Recommended,295110,14033820,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Mabel,its better then dayz sure the loot system is impossable to find stuff but its rilly good
76561198385455883,Recommended,295110,31496003,Posted: 1 May,all,long dong silver,"i dont understand what all the fuss is about, people trashing the game. its agood game if you want to play an open world zombie survival game! kotk is a seperate game so why it gets dragged into it i dont know. i own and play dayz, both the mods and the standalone, and hz1z is far better than the standalone purely because it has the build aspect. its an alpha its going to be buggy, but everyone moaning about it knew it was alph before they handed over the cash."
76561197969521217,Not Recommended,295110,33805269,Posted: 26 July,all,BaneReborn,"Would be good if they stopped doing server wipes all the time.The developers only seem focused on the ""KIng of the hill"" (PVP) side of the game, and Just Survive get the crums.After almost 500 hours in game, I'm over it."
76561197960569998,Not Recommended,295110,34334034,Posted: 18 August,all,LTC_Oliver_North,"H1Z1 was a very promising game and seemed to be heading in all the right directions. I was really looking forward to Black Water Canyon coming out until I logged in and started playing it. PVE has been completely destroyed and removed from the game. The new map has nothing to offer those who are interested in PVE versus PVP. You have to buy land to even build anything now and there are limited plots of land on each server. So pretty much you either outgrind everyone else or your stuck running around with no where to put your stuff, no where to park your vehicles, and no where to setup a sustainable base.This studio recognized the fastest path to money and it was with its PVP and creation of King of the Kill. They even openly admit int he patch notes that its the popular title and 99% of everything being done is going towards it and PVP. Anyone who paid for the game for its PVE content is essentially out $39.99 now. At a minumum turn Just Survive back onto the old map with the old content.... It was 10x better than the garbage just released."
76561198025543675,Not Recommended,295110,31300553,Posted: 22 April,all,a.nolting,"I´ve played that junk now for more than 2 years. Every update breaks something or add´s new issues, glitches, errors or bring back already fixed bugs. It seem that they dont have any reliable QA. With the last update they broke again something on the servers, LaunchPad tries to download a simple version state file which seems not available on the server.in 2017 I think IT is educated enough to have proactive monitoring and analysis. Not at Daybreak. They never know if clients simply fail to fininsh a connection attempt due to client errors or server side issues. So the crew keep on smilin, dreaming of a reliable infrastructure while their salary payers still not able to play graphics demo after more than 4 years of development. This is really great.So, Daybreak keep on track, meanwhile I´ll free my disc from that masterpiece of failling..."
76561198342306797,Not Recommended,295110,34487184,Posted: 25 August,all,ICY_D&B$19.99AllYouCanEatWings,This game is an absolute actrocity.
,Not Recommended,295110,34486887,Posted: 25 August,all,☠☢The Austranaut☢☠,The game is not fun with all the hackers and for the lord of god why do you complicate the game with all new materials ??In resume the game is not worth the 20$ and probally the game is going to be on beta forever like a other game that I know .
,Not Recommended,295110,34864355,Posted: 10 September,all,RG_mamed344,worst game ever played
76561198248221896,Not Recommended,295110,35161077,Posted: 23 September,all,Fizzie,"Nope, Don't play this game it just doesn't work and the developers say they are working on the new map but its just 1/4 of the map you can play on. The rest of the time you will get buggs or you will get pist on the zombie spawns.Good luck daybreak, Break the game."
,Not Recommended,295110,34264637,Posted: 15 August,all,KeeperOfWind,This is just H1Z1 just with a new name under a new name.This game feels like a cash and grab run and most likely will never be completed.
,Not Recommended,295110,34487383,Posted: 25 August,all,Eddy,H1Z1 IS DEAD.
76561198035058075,Not Recommended,295110,35055778,Posted: 18 September,all,King Bravo,This game is even worse then dayz standalone. its obvious they just took our money and handed us a pile of $hit it return. Another zombie survival game... another pile of money down the drain
76561197969415308,Not Recommended,295110,35074322,Posted: 19 September,all,♠ Feare | csgobounty.com,Game is now terrible. Update messed the game up and now makes the game not fun anymore. The game before the update was good and fun. It was fun and I could have fun building shacks.Daybreak sucks >:(
,Not Recommended,295110,35080885,Posted: 20 September,all,HavingSomeIssues,"I'd rather wax my taint, then play another hour."
,Not Recommended,295110,24823970,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Pakistani_Ape,"This game is:1. the definiton of ""Unfinished MoneyGrab""....2. Wins the worst PVP award from 2015 - infinite...3.boring in like 30 mins...4. Building system is cancer.5. Bows can only fire around 5 inches..6. The BattleRoyal version of this game is a SEPERATE game, that is ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and annoying to switch between the 7. the gunplay in this game is basically point near them and pray to RNJesus...8. You can shoot a Kid with a Shotgun from like 20 meters away 20 times and he wont die but when he comes withine 10 of you 1 hit kills you...9. Cars dont work...you can jump out a car instanly WHILE SHOOTING so, you will be walking along and a car comes uop behind ya at 200 Mph and a Scrub with a shotgun jumps out and before he hits the ground fills your face full of the Shotgun pellets...10.If you are considering buying this game watch videos on how Cancerous it is and you will see, if you porceed to Purchase this game please seak IMEDIATE Medical Attention and call 911 and try not to kill yourself.Good luck, JUST ♥♥♥♥ING PLAY RUST"
,Not Recommended,295110,34670158,Posted: 1 September,all,hellcase.com FLASHYFLASHY.COM,I kinda wanna cry a little : (
,Not Recommended,295110,35114769,Posted: 21 September,all,DaftHacker,"I want my money back for this♥♥♥♥♥♥ this isn't the game i bought. The game that i purchased a long time ago the game that i saw in the videos and pictures is now completely invalidated by the changes to the game that is in its place now. I understand making small patches or updates to existing content or features but they removed and changed every feature the original game had which made it what it was.Steam i want my refund and im dissapointed, you declined it due to play time but that play time was on the original game and not the♥♥♥♥♥♥game in its place now."
,Not Recommended,295110,31654803,Posted: 9 May,all,Kodak,DO NOT BUT THIS TRASH THEY RARELY FIX ANYTHING :DI would recommend buying king of the kill
76561198116854580,Not Recommended,295110,34539203,Posted: 27 August,all,ॐ Nerfz ॐ,They completely ruined the game.
,Not Recommended,295110,34662401,Posted: 1 September,all,ADVERB1,this game is dogshit now
,Not Recommended,295110,35266637,Posted: 28 September,all,RedCocumber,"Terribly optimised piece of crap. Don't even bother trying to have fun in this game, looks like neither me or anyone else actually likes this game anymore."
76561198027811793,Not Recommended,295110,34281379,Posted: 16 August,all,Dropdown Frown,"waas gud, nut gud now"
76561197984450055,Not Recommended,295110,35251158,Posted: 27 September,all,reverseProxySoldier,"Loved the game (""H1Z1"" or ""H1Z1: Just Survive"") before Daybreak rebuilt and rereleased it as ""Just Survive"". It's now total nonsense. It's almost like they copied one of the least successful games in the genre, ""The War Z""/""Infestation: Survivor Stories"", but only worse. Can't even recommend this to my enemies."
,Not Recommended,295110,21872711,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Chode Master,Lol glad i refunded this garbage
76561198092989272,Not Recommended,295110,21294767,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,VortX,"I remember when i first purchased this game , it was a fun game all over with prospects to be the best survival game. Devs promised it will be free when it will get out of alpha and beta . 1 year later of the release of this game , it is still early access alpha , and its divides to 2 seperate games each of them 20E!! Well that's not what developers promised 1 year ago. Overpriced."
76561197988059747,Not Recommended,295110,23827558,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Fairy,"Dear Developers....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\...."
,Not Recommended,295110,34702241,Posted: 2 September,all,Moggy,"WTF is Just Survive and why have I played 20+ hours... Oh its what they renamed H1Z1... steer clear, renaming a title can staying perpetually in early release is disingenuous"
76561198110970064,Not Recommended,295110,35277207,Posted: 28 September,all,TippingThemCows,Trash
76561198070250558,Not Recommended,295110,34628379,Posted: 31 August,all,420ICE csgoloto.com csgoloto.com,garbage no singleplayer mode
76561198317179333,Not Recommended,295110,35177869,Posted: 24 September,all,すごいうどん,NICE FU*KING GAME
,Not Recommended,295110,34726446,Posted: 3 September,all,KiwiSmurf,id rather have AIDS infested cancer than touch this game again
76561198127862869,Not Recommended,295110,14012848,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Jesrai,"Terribad !! DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!! You will run around for 30 mins before you find anything then at the most  you'll get a branch. Most people will say it's in BETA but it's never going to hit full release the game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Do not buy this game. Giving this game a big♥♥♥♥♥""L""."
,Not Recommended,295110,21135698,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Potato,"bought it,crashed 2 times, didn't like the style, refunded,sorry"
,Recommended,295110,17343224,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Duncan4264,Guy mic spamming the n word just ran me over with his jeep in battle royal and played a sad violen song over my dead corpse. 10/10 would play again
,Not Recommended,295110,34798944,Posted: 7 September,all,BigRedWood,I wish I could get a refund for this POS game.
76561198008893967,Not Recommended,295110,35094449,Posted: 20 September,all,crcarter,"Loved the old H1Z1, they are killing off the game so they don't have to support it. DON'T BUY THIS GAME. waist of money."
,Recommended,295110,14456670,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Epixtaco,Was getting wood from tree. Tree falls on me and I die.11/10 would cut tree down again.
,Not Recommended,295110,35253169,Posted: 27 September,all,ALP3K,JS was a good game. Now it is trash. Dont buy.. It is too late for JS. Old version was better really. They tried to coppy other games. Now it is tragedy. Noone is playing noone..
76561198049022765,Recommended,295110,14104519,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,TysonY2,"A SERIOUS REVIEW:TL;DR:Save your money as of now. This game offers you NOTHING that you couldn't find somewhere else right now. 7 Days to Die has everything this game has (except vehicles) and more and arguably similar graphics. Give the game a few months of development before you pay for a free to play game. Yes I realize the game is in alpha, and yes I do enjoy the game. It however is being chalked up to be a LOT more than it really is. With that being said, it has a hell of a lot of potential, and you should keep your eye on it. Do I recommend it? Yes. Do I recommend it a week into alpha? No.P.S: If you have plans to play this game as a shoot on sight bandit, don't even bother. You are ruining this genre. Personally: Everyone who actually enjoys the immersion of a survival game.Is it better than DayZ? As it stands now: No.While dayZ may have MANYMANYMANY game breaking glitches and bugs (I've officially broken up with the game after magically losing gear I've been collecting for a week) it however surpasses this game in enough categories to pull out the win. With that in mind, this game hasn't even been out a week yet. And it is catching on incredibly quickly. Give it a year, and this has the potential to be on of the best ""survival"" games out there.Pros:-Reactive character interaction. (Stuff comes up when you need it to, no more mashing numbers praying to god your axe comes up before the zombie gets to you.)-Vehicles (something all other ""survival games"" take for granted.)-Loot is rare, partially because of bugs.And that's about it right now. That is all this game has to offer as it stands RIGHT NOW in early alpha. I would not say it's better than DayZ. I wouldn't even say it's better than 7 Days to Die. All it has is a hell of a lot of potential.Cons:-Let's be honest, the graphics aren't really that great.-Map is WAY to small for the large amount of people on. (It ABSOLUTELY dampens that adrenaline rush you get when you run into people. When you see someone ever 5 minutes it really isn't that exciting anymore. ""Go on a low population server then noob."" I did. And was immediatly killed on sight by a squad of 4 bandits who proceeded to kill the fellow down the road from me immediatly afterwards. We either need servers that can control population better (~50 people would be the max I would recommend) or a bigger map.-Bandits. You thought DayZ was bad? This game is riddled with ""bandits"" who have no honor for the game. They play it as if they are playing battlefield. Out of the 20 times I have died, 15 of those times were because of a group of geared bandits who tell you to stop what your doing and shoot on sight. This NEEDS TO STOP. IF YOU DO THIS, PLAY A DIFFERENT GAME."
,Recommended,295110,14080032,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Avi^,- bought a game didnt know what to expect- joins pvp server- saw crate landing near me- guy looted it and ran away- i shot him in the♥♥♥♥♥with arrow and taken all gear- worth would do that again(sry for my bad englando Kappa)
,Recommended,295110,14019215,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Nevasol Ltd.,"Updates recently, under Daybreak, where emptying the game, till the last, that fixed the game better, till it became fun again, I find this game to be extremely competitive and fun!6th UPDATE:29 Jan 2015 b4 DayBreakI recently bought Dying Light, a couple of weeks after H1Z1, i must admit a fact, that everyone is reviewing Dying Light as a perfect game but it's not, i expected such a similar effect, you know what sort of effect? That it's INCREDIBLY HEAVY IN THE HEAD, too heavyweighted to handle, just the same effect as GTA 2-3-4-5, they are incredibly cumbersome in the head, after an hour at most i get the headache, and it makes me wanna go to bed...instead i could play H1Z1 all day long, i played many survivals, nearly all the ones avaiable on the market, (you can check my profile if you don't believe me), and the colours, the mood in H1Z1 are just so chilled out as well as accompained by a deep crafting experience that will never bore me, i could play H1Z1 for 24 hours a day without feeling minimally tired or altered by it, and after the updates could just get better! (new recipes, better balance of loot, challenging loot quests, anticheat).  Here on H1Z1 you did such a balanced job that will never stress me out, on Dying Light or Gta,( a part the 1st) the motion becomes nauseating in a short time, i envy those kids playing hours and hours with Gta like sort of games, but i really can't be that way, i'm 32 years old now but i know exactly what i'm looking for. Here on H1Z1 i died many times for hackers loosing some of the best loot ever found, (rifles+pistols+lots of ammos, food and equipment), but i never get angry enough! Thanks SOE, i must specify that i'm not paid by you, but i feel grateful of such a gaming experience you are offering me...honestly you deserve to be the best survival game of the year. I befriended with many young virtual friends i had because they were claiming that your product is horrible without even owning a copy! They are just so immature they don't realize it, and they say that i'm childish..while they describe games like Dying Light as the best stuff ever on the market, honestly it gets me fed up quickly cause it is just bloated of action/parkour that becomes SO REPETITIVE! I really can't understand those young generations...i'm so deluded. I'm faithfully your as a player..5th UPDATE: 26 Jan 2015This game needs some rebalancing, of the loot for example, but it is one of the best survivals, (if not the best), around, wait till it's free to play if you aren't convinced, but i'm totally happy with it, I heard many idiots reviewing badly this product just because of voices they heard around the net, honestly SOE shouldn't apologize with the unhappy users, because it's still an alpha and i expected that in day 1 could've been problematic...i waited patiently to day 2, (without deniyng myself a bad review, at the bottom of this one), and i've been rewarded with the most refined survival ever played, thanks SOE!4th UPDATE: 21 Jan 2015Yeah, this game is good but tends to get boring easily, (after a couple of hours i'd start to yawn a bit), because the loot, after 3-4 hours from the next update that renovates it, is not distributed in a way that could be found easily, after those 3-4 hours it tends to be really rare, for example some important tools, like the knife or the crowbar, are not easy to find, and in order to do a better weapon, such as a wood axe to lit campfires or to extract meat from animals, metal is necessary,(metal scrap that is possible to extract with a crowbar); for the rest it is quite balanced, i like the zombies either, they are not stupid, at night sometimes they even become bothering, but fortunately they aren't difficult to beat. I really hope they'll do something for better loot, in order to make a more interesting and challenging game, honestly it shouldn't be that difficult, if they don't want to give backpacks,(easily craftable btw) or weapons easily, they should just tweek the percentage of metals scraps to smelt in a furnace, that would be a smart move.3rd UPDATE: 19 Jan 2015This is a TOTALLY REFINED game! BUY IT or wait when is free to play, but you just need to discover the ways of surviving and evolving to see the real product quality! WAY BETTER THAN DayZ standalone, i reccomend it to anyone that is not so stupid to fall in other fool people suggestions easily! No need for Pay2Win Tactics, you can do it your own just by being smart, TRUST! RECCOMENDED, DEFINITELY!2nd UPDATE:(17 jan 2015) I met a german guy while i was exploring a house today, at first i wanted to beat him with a branch i found next to a bush, but after 3-4 hits i regretted and started to talk: ""I don't want to kill you, don't worry""! And gave him a couple of blackberries, he answered with a funny accent and we teamed up at the end, we had lots of fun exploring around and scaring other players shouting things like: ""don't run away, we are just hungry zombies, we would like to eat you!"" and so on...One of them, with an axe and a bow, was in such a difficult moment that fell from a cliff trying to defend himself, then after several minutes i died of starvation, just eating blackberries wasn't enough. Would like to experience this again 10/10UPDATED REVIEW: (17 jan 2015)Finally today i managed to access a server immediately, without issues, i must say that is all looted but seems fun, i found a bottle of water and got killed a couple of times, once in a fight barehands, the other one hit by arrows, i must say that i'm having fun and i'm prone to change my opinion, hope this evening, (europe time, +1 from greenwhich) it will be possible to play without having issues. The graphic is not that bad as claimed in other negatives review, the map is quite interesting and the climate changes are well done. I didn't meet any zombie yet, just unfriendly players. If only the game and the items in the shop were cheaper! I'd reccomend it straight away.FIRST IMPRESSIONS AT DAY1: (16 jan 2015)I feel a pervert when i waste my cash in this way...I tried to access the game for more than an hour, in at least 12 servers, a part the waiting time that for many servers lasts for at least an hour and a half or two, once it is ready to access it crashes!I managed just once, (at the 3rd try), to access a server but i got kicked out in 2 minutes time while i was looking at the commands list, what happened afterwards is that i couldn't log out anymore of the game and from that instant any time i tried to relog it made me cue for several minutes to horribly CRASH, ALWAYS!Is this meant to be a professional product? I doubt that a software house like Sony manages to develope such a SCAM!What's wrong with this game!? I played Rust, Nether, DayZ, 7DaysToDie, BeastsOfPrey, RisingWorld, Unturned and many other MMO survivals, they are all managed way better! Even FORSAKEN UPRISING does it better! What the heck is this?I'd like my cashback! Until now i cannot reccomend it, i really hope to be able to change my opinion and review on this game in the future!"
76561198007680708,Not Recommended,295110,14010439,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Sunspear,"Pay 2 Beta test, then pay again 2 win. 2/10 would not p2w again."
,Not Recommended,295110,14011122,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Kryptic,0/10 would not pay 2 win
,Not Recommended,295110,14012186,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,.:MPSv3,"""You cant buy ammo""""You cant buy guns""""You cant get them out of the crate""--- There is zero way --YOU HAVE TO FIND THEM IN THE WORLD﻿All lies!! It is possible!"
76561197968207989,Not Recommended,295110,14009459,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Tersidre,http://h1z1forum.com/showthread.php?t=2463
,Recommended,295110,17986023,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,` El chapo ..ツ,good game >>
76561198211682431,Not Recommended,295110,17857083,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,pizzaboxesforever,"game was fun, met people, took it to a whole new level.   loved it.   then i see what the hackers are doing and are capible of.   what a ♥♥♥♥ing joke.   To the dev's, figure out how to stop the use of ""ESP"" hacks and you might have a solid game here, but hackers are ruining it.   I refuse to spend another minute on here.   Try IP banning the ♥♥♥♥ing hackers instead of letting them come back and obtain their bases and vehicles again after buying a russian 5$ copy.    ♥♥♥♥ing garbage game. I will try it again in a few years when it hits console."
,Not Recommended,295110,17804295,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,MrGamingDJ,"I would of loved to play this game but for Australians it isn't very good.All I wanted to play is Battle royal with a friend and to do that I had to go on US or EU servers, So that wasn't very fun to play.So if you're Australian Don't buy it until It's like 50% off on a sale and just hope and pray they actually let you party up on Aus servers.5/10"
,Recommended,295110,14229268,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Milf Mama,"i'm in love with my combat knife so when i'm killing i can get up close and personal. ;D120/10: would stab againBut seriously, this game beats DayZ by miles.Good job devs!! :)"
,Not Recommended,295110,14013756,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Hal 9000,Too buggy even for an Access game alos its pay to win ♥♥♥♥ them eat♥♥♥♥♥♥..
,Recommended,295110,16048155,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,PECHOS,"[RATE UP IF THIS HELPED AND SO PEOPLE ARE NOT MISLEAD (MY OPINION/REVIEW IS AT THE BOTTOM, EXPERIENCE BEFORE)](My Experience)[FACT]Okay i want to say this to all the people who do not recommend this game. Not all, but most say there reasons and I as a open minded all around gaming guy try my best to understand. Do not read this if for some reason you get offended or whatever it is just my ""experience"" not my opinion. But seriously guys you have lost me at this point. People blame it for Bad Graphics, Bugs/Glitches, Anti-Cheat/Hackers, It cost 20$, Developers are useless, Sever wipes, Battle Royale is bad, Small map, Laggy, Pay to win. These are only a few things i hear 24/7 in the reviews and it drives me nuts, i understand some things to an extent, but when people say things that make no sense..I have to call them out. I am a gamer and have been for all my life and I play all around gaming FPS RPG anything you name it. Let me also mention don't review a game until you have at least 48 hours of gameplay, because you haven't even got to see what the game has to offer. To add onto that also why do alot of people also have over 200 hours and continue to play, but do no recommend this game to others who wish to play something new.-Bad Graphics :/ WHAT DO YOU MEAN ""BAD"" GRAPHICS!!! The graphics on this game are great and make it easier on the user at hand(meaning the game takes less to run, than ""competition"" like DayZ or Rust).-Second Bug and Glitches..I have had this game since release date and ""I"" have yet to find any major bugs, just a few little things that get cleaned pretty fast. But this is a ""Early Access"" game it  is to be purchased ""FOR SUPPORTING"" the game progression PLEASE PEOPLE UNDERSTAND THIS!-Anti-Cheat..Okay seriously are we running out of ideas to blame Daybreak for. I once again have yet to see one ""hacker"" from day one to now..NOT ONCE, maybe some people do but Daybreak is working hard to rid of them so why do you tell people not to buy their game because of the one time you died, that is a experience you are ruining for others because they don't buy a product based on minority problems. 25,000 have been banned Daybreak is doing there jobs as DEVS we must do our job as the PLAYERS and find bugs and so forth not complain about them.-Next, this is the one that probably bothers me most. The fact it is 20$ Do i have to even do this, seriously has this become a complaint, if so where has the true gaming community gone to. They told us it would be SO MANY TIMES so don't act surprised that it is this price. Now if you can read, not trying to be offensive, but seriously if you can read you would know the 20$ is a payment for those who ""SUPPORT"" the game in ""DEVELOPMENT"" if you do not know what that means DON'T complain :) and DON'T play. The money is to better improve the game we have.[From the store description of the game ""H1Z1 is a zombie survival MMO set in a post-apocalyptic world. NOTICE: H1Z1 is in EARLY ACCESS which means you should expect bugs and disruptions in service. Purchase if you'd like to help us build the next great survival MMO""]-Developers are useless, ... Whoever said that isn't worth my time, sorry not sorry. Adam Clegg,Jimmy Whisenhunt, John Smedly, look i'm not going to name everyone. We know you work hard and you get the job done so, i'm not going to go there right now lol.-Battle Royale is bad/a joke..Once again whoever said this isn't worth the time. They obviously haven't played any Battle Royales in their life. All said and done!-Small Map...Guys please stop. Not worth my time.-Laggy..Your internet must be horrible otherwise I know not of this lag you speak of, I honestly have not nor have any of my friends experienced any lag.-Pay to win..I really have no clue what this person meant by pay to win, if someone would like to tell me this go ahead I am curious. I can only see where you are coming from, but i cn gaurentee it isn't a pay to win game hands down!My Personal Review! (Opinion)This game is great I advise trying it before taking in the negative reviews half are misleading and i guess are brought from people who are mad that they died or something. If you wanna try something new or something better than DayZ and Rust I HIGHLY advise trying this game! It is great, easy to run, nice looking, great performance, fair, and simply great DEVS this game wouldn't be what it is without our DEVS we have! DayZ to me really shouldn't be compared to unless we look at the time spent on the game and the bugs in return. Which is something we should expect, until DEVS don't fix these issues but continue gather money. I hope this helped :)"
,Recommended,295110,15923207,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Savage T.R.,"Let me begin this review by saying that if you are looking for an experience similar to DayZ, this is not it. H1Z1 is more of an arcade-style zombie survival game, if such a thing could exist. You can build a base, do some farming, even hunt animals, to survive. That's just on the PvE servers... If you decide to play on a PvP server, expect much more of a sense of paranoia and anxiety as players are able to move around much more freely in the world of H1Z1 than compared to DayZ.I have logged over 200 hours in H1Z1, and much of my time has been spent on PvE only servers. Rarely do I venture into PvP servers. I do occasionally play Battle Royale, which is a last-man-standing type of deathmatch with 40-150 players at times. It is pretty exciting.All in all, I recommend H1Z1 to any person who enjoys zombie survival games. The ability to trade items obtained in game is also a huge plus."
76561198045568274,Not Recommended,295110,15890756,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,MU$ES++33,-10/10 piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ like every early access game it isn't good.
76561198046424886,Not Recommended,295110,23646729,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,♛ King ♛,"....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\...."
,Not Recommended,295110,34045644,Posted: 5 August,all,☺☻☺ Kermit☺☻☺,if you're playing this alone i don't think you'll have alot of fun
,Recommended,295110,14020145,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,SpringyJames,"Beautiful, can't wait to play more..1. Spawned in2. Went in a house3. Looked in house4. Two guys appeared5. Pooed myself6. Servers went down10/10 great game!"
,Recommended,295110,14002862,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Kilroy,The launcher is cool
76561198025999929,Recommended,295110,14077826,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,OneTwo,"You run into the game tear your shirt off get some sticks get a bow and let the battle commence. There is nothing else to do. People see you they try to fight you with there mits or a bow. No talk just a blood bath. This game has potential, but for now its ♥♥♥♥ing lord of the flies."
76561198140369508,Recommended,295110,14088618,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,giganiteFTW,why are the servers down but i think it is a good game end of
,Recommended,295110,14077044,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Alpha,"Where to begin...I walked into this game with low expectations. The group of individuals I game with were planning on making it one of the main staples of our community gaming experience, so I was pressured into purchasing it on day one release. We all know how rocky it started, but they've since rectified that issue and everything is running smoothly.Playing it for a few days now, I'm incredibly impressed. I honestly believed this will be the game to smother DayZ upon it's finish or force the DayZ dev team to up the ante lest they fall behind.Reasons to purchase:Camaraderie-The PVE servers bring to the zombie/survivalist genre exactly what it has been missing. I've teamed up with multiple random people I found on the street to achieve mutual gain and it's worked wonders. Everyone gets along and helps one another, a community is established and grows with effort from all parties. If you're not into that kind of thing, there's always PVP.Detail-The world itself is beautiful and richly detailed. A house can tell a story of it's previous occupant surviving during the initial days of the outbreak. Every window is barricaded, piles of empty cans are strewn about, and a pile of shattered lumber lies next to the door it previously barred  on the ground inside the home where the zombies inevitably tore their way inside. The main cities are fantastic, office buildings and apartments galore! The zombies are frightening, model variety is lacking but it is only the first week of release.Sound-Hearing a wild wolf howl in the distance or hearing a handful of zombies groan and gurgle as they cluster around the only way out of the apartment building you're scavenging really can be unnerving. Weapon sounds are decent, including the faint pops you can hear from shooting at a distance.The crafting system is absolutely fantastic. Just... amazing.The gameplay itself is still a bit clunky and unpolished, but that's to be expected from a first week release alpha. Sony appears very willing to make this game perfect over time, that in itself is encouraging and will have me remaining as a loyal fan of H1Z1.Is it worth the twenty bucks? Yes and no. If you want to experience this game's 'growing up' stage before it becomes ravaged by F2P players, I highly suggest just picking it up. You won't be sorry. However, don't come into this expecting a perfect game, Alpha, after all."
,Recommended,295110,14088577,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Medallion ひ,"I walking into a store, I found a dew collector..10/10You can also pull a Ferguson and blow up police cars with your fist  Michael/Brown"
,Recommended,295110,14089451,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Yourgamefix,You know what I love this game and the people who play it espically when i go from a fresh spawn to being someones sex slave 10/10 would be a slave again
,Recommended,295110,14089313,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Hewdrex,This game is amazing for where it's out right now.  Everyone else is being stupid saying it's broken and not good.  They are just being idiots.  The game is in ALPHA PEOPLE ALPHA!! This is early access so YES THERE ARE BUGS! ...  But other than that I am truly impressed with how fast they are making fixes and just how they are steadily working amazing game.  Thumbs up to you guys game creators for being the best game development team I've probably ever seen work on a game.  Never have I seen fixes and content come out so fast and effectivly before.
76561198044601259,Recommended,295110,14077394,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,nzforlife,"My reviewthe game caught my eye in the steam store,so i bought it cause i like these kind of games and so after a little wait to download it was ready to play,it told to make a account to log in, so thats what i did but i came across my first problem and that was not able to open the web page to make a account to play,so this happen a few times but i found a way around it and went to a different site to make a account i was so happy i got that far lol,so i went back to the game to play it, logged in with the new account worked fine,i was hopping to make a custom person when you first started the game,but thats not the case but thats ok,so i pick a pve lobby to get started to learn the ropes of the game,once in the game it had a great feel to it,controls are great,i have only spend like a few hours on the game and i was happy to say i realy enjoyed it,the map is big which is great,the only thing this game lacks is that mainly all the loot things are empty which was a bummer cause i was straving and trying to find anything to help me build something to get food and it was hard to find things to put water in,the game also need more zombies cause in the hoe time i was playing i only came acroos like two zombies in the hole time i was playing,but over all i give it a 8/10 but as the game grows it will surely be in the 9/10 to 10/10"
76561198065219263,Recommended,295110,14080016,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,AoD Big Luke,"Review? Maybe it's a bit early to fully review.But, here goes....I loved it!Sure lot's of stuff is broken... duh... it's in early access.This game will need a few weeks or months to be ""Bug Free""But I appreciate the hard work a small group of devs is doing.They seem to be really connected to this game and it's ever growing community.And they seem to genuinely care about fixing it.Whatever. It's still fun as hell.Should be better soon.Group up with people.... it's more fun....and....if you ever need supplies, come to Big Luke's Outpost, located at the ""D"" of Eagle Drive.  ;o)We got food and water and help."
76561198062386080,Recommended,295110,14080438,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Dank Vader Kush,"This game is fun, got it on 01/19/15 i have no bugs or glitches for me it runs fine never lags and its like DayZ but i think its better because of the cars and idk just a better feel to it even tho its not high quailty its a good game8.9/10"
,Recommended,295110,14050674,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,NikofrankoV,"Let me be 100% clear, this game receaved so much bad feedback, simply becouse sony F-ed up the launch. And oh maaaaan, did it F-ed it up... the game it's self is actually very good... For an early access that is. The devs did thier job very well and patched most of game breaking issues in just a few days. Now getting online and playing is not an issue. the whole P2W wining is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. I've played for quite a few hours now and have yet to meet someone who have bought an airdrop and got stuff from it. So, does this game has P2W elements? Sure. Do they effect gameplay? No.In the end i whant to say this: right after release i whanted to give it a negative review becouse of how much sony have ♥♥♥♥ed us over, just 4 days later, im giving it a positive becouse devs have done near flawless job in cleening up sony's♥♥♥♥♥♥ So go figure, if deves will keep up such good work, this game will be out of early access in no time."
,Recommended,295110,14093367,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,AUTISMO THE GREAT,A lot Of berries Would eat those's again amazing 11/10
,Recommended,295110,14151967,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,TheButcher,"okay this is my honest opinion of the game.1) the game was pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥at release for a couple days and then they got their♥♥♥♥♥♥together and started changing things that should have already been in the game to begin with.2) the recent update made loot spawn and keep spawning on objects and in containers.3) when you meet someone they might have a bow or a melee or possibly a gun and might aim at you but not shoot...why you ask? because ONLY SOME PEOPLE will wait to see if  you r friendly because they are friendly but just scared so annouce friendly, loot with them, get geared enough....then kill them :) works everytime.4)the crafting system........very easy but sometimes hard to get supplies if you dont have the tools to get the supplies....the most easy thing you can get is the bow with arrows. all you need is wood sticks (can pick up from stick plants), and cloth which you can shred your shirt or pants to get....overrall crafting is easier than i thought.i honestly did not think i would like the game because of the first 3 days i played....but the game is awesome and amazing and if you have doubts about buying the game don't. it is worth the buy."
76561197960379325,Recommended,295110,14094101,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Brota,"Server was down for new updates. Streamers on twitch started to sound like bunch drug addicts looking for a fix with all the voice crack and OCD stutterings. So yeah, very impressive game."
,Recommended,295110,14137554,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Big ol' Doinks,Cool HatsIGN 10/10
76561198150988599,Recommended,295110,14138770,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,HubbaBubbaD,"Fun game!  I've had no trouble running the game or joining servers, most people are nice (MOST) and recent patches seem to have improved things.  Can't wait for customizable or at least different character models.  Visuals are very nice, I spent a great deal of time in mountains and pine forests as a kid, and these guys nailed the look and feel of the environment.  Buy it!"
,Recommended,295110,14129123,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,[MSF] Toxins,"This game definitely needs work, but it's still in early access and shows a lot of promise. The developers listen and respond well to the consumers, and They provide updates every couple of days. I believe this will become an amazing game within a couple of months."
,Recommended,295110,14236291,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,miss_invictus,>Wait 20 minutes to join Battle Royale server>One finally pops up>Join the server>Load into game>Proceed to paracute into small town>About to land gracefully on road>Miss the road and parachute under the ♥♥♥♥ing map10/10 would play again
76561198055384738,Not Recommended,295110,31828575,Posted: 18 May,all,Kafka,"This game is total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.Let me be more clear - the game would have been a huge success. but somehow the developers are imbeciles. They are ♥♥♥♥ing idiots who take 3 years to fix a pretty fundamental bug. I have never seen such idiots before. They are concentrating on developing new content, new weapons new♥♥♥♥♥♥without even fixing the stuff they've developed in the first place. I played this game a lot and it makes me ♥♥♥♥ing angry after playing it for 4 days - then I take a break for several months, log back in and see that nothing has changed. Dear developers, don't reach for the stars when you can't do simple stuff right gg"
,Recommended,295110,21293227,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,MikaelaSama,epic and fun game to play
,Not Recommended,295110,18532073,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,AshenOne,"Although I understand this game is in alpha stage, I don`t think it has the capability to achieve the greatness of some AAA games that cost as much as this one does."
,Recommended,295110,16511462,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,dogsong,"It's good with battle royale, especially with friends. Survival mode is underdeveloped and not very promising, but BR is worth the price."
,Recommended,295110,14079045,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Wildfire,the only thing i would like to see is rain like dayz
,Recommended,295110,14080679,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,cRIPpLINg dEpRreSsIOn,"This game, has alot of potential. I love the way the combat works. Except that the bow feels kind of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ as of now. Not that many glitches that completely break the game, so far I've encountered only on that killed me. Zombies? They are zombies! No remodelled sticky stiff 7 days to die zombies. Fun to kill and dangerous in groups. PVP is a bit KOS right now and a bit too populated. They are working on everything though.So far they also gave refunds to people who were not content with the game. That's awesome! You can obviously see that the developers are trying hard for this game. The so called ""Pay to win airdrops"" are not pay to win at all. It just depends on how you see it. I haven't even called mine in because its such a risk to do so. Not to mention that it's more fun stealing other's people airdrops where they payed like 5 dollars for.What i don't like so far? The crates are pretty stupid, they're sorta worth it i suppose but the cosmetics you get sometimes are totally not worth it. For instance, i got a tan leather hat, which is awesome but then i also got a tan canvas hat, which is pretty much the same. but hey! SOE's gotta make money on this somehow right?So should you buy it? Depends, Want to help shape the game? Yes, Want to have fun for a couple of hours on PVE? nah PVP though? as soon as they update the ""karma"" system or something like it. Hell yeah!8/10 so far, not comparing it to DayZ because you can't. Completely different engine."
,Recommended,295110,14080648,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Trippster,yesterday on h1z1 me and some friends were driving to the mansoin not going to say were but there were 3 people in there one of are team mates loged like a baby and left us to fight alone which made it 4v3 and one team mate down the road got killed because the team mate loged and let him get attacked by 3 people so then there were 3v3 he shot a little ran found a car team mate got but hurt and kicked me out of the car and i am pretty sure he got kick out of the group and left me for dead and there were 2v3 we both ran aimlessly into the woods and found a roadMuch betrailMuch sadnessMuch lossMuch scaredy catNot finshed dont hate99.99999999/100
,Recommended,295110,14082035,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Topher ♥,"So far I have played 15 hours of the game and enjoyed every second.I enjoyed the fistfights with other new spawns, bow fights with people in town over food, gun fights over cars and then flipping that car over and blowing up. Its sad that the game is getting so many bad reviews when really its a nice enjoyable game for an early access. There is a lot of things already in the game and so far I have not found too many bugs and still a lot more to be added. Once the kinks are worked out with the zombies, loot spawns and all that it should be even better!"
76561198156126918,Recommended,295110,14082232,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Lyn,This is one of the only games in early accsess that has potential. The only unfortunate thing is that there is a very high KOS rate
76561198014082893,Recommended,295110,14083353,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,GAYMER,Even in Early Access Alpha already a solid game to play. It also gets regular updates on broken and unbalanced features.
,Recommended,295110,14082425,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,GeneralRay,Fun game with lots of fast updates and bug fixes. Great so far and anyone who says its pay 2 win hasnt played it
76561198149353387,Not Recommended,295110,14010981,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Decoy Snail,Devs said it wouldn't be Pay-2-Win. Turns out it is. If they remove weapons from crates then I would definitely recommend this game.
76561198041453547,Not Recommended,295110,14011012,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,rekurv,"Warning to China players: cannot even log on without a VPN...might want to mention that on steam before you sell it.Warning to Australian players: 0 Ozzi serversWarning to players in Asia: 0 servers in the whole of Asia   ...seriously?Negatives: Not many items, very bland, underdeveloped.Very buggy.Problems with the log on server.Pay to winDeceptive Dev teamPositives: can punch holes in concrete.Can stand on fire.Overall, if you really want to support Sony sure give them your money. But if you are looking for a 20 USD game, its far from worth it. Very dissapointed ."
,Not Recommended,295110,14015914,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,ａｐａｔｈｙ,"Just don't get this. I was expecting a legit game made by a legit developer, the people who made Planetside 2, a decent game.I was wondering around for ages trying to look for something.. I found nothing..I can't believe it but this is actually more bugged than DayZ. And yes, I know that DayZ has been out much longer but this is just ridiculous.Just don't get it. Full stop."
,Not Recommended,295110,14004511,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,SGWylde,"Don't even bother looking in the comments for a real review, the Autism is strong down here. I'll change my review when I get a chance to play."
,Recommended,295110,14135649,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,pat,Now this game is in EARLY ACCESS I cant see any items drop from wrecked car or bla bla blaBut this game made me have a friendWe walked together for 5 mnts then he dead cause BEAR!I love this game 9/10 !
,Recommended,295110,14116454,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Elektr1kz,"After only playing solo for four hours, here are a couple of my player interactions:1) Spawn in the woods, run. Find some black berries and some sticks. Hid behind a hill to see what I can craft. Next thing I hear is footsteps, and a thick russian accented voice. ""I AM THE SUPERHERO ARROW."" I close my inventory just in time to see a shirtless man with a bow.  Headshot. ""YOU ARE BAD MAN.""2) Run down a road. Run into 4 other guys. We decide that we are the Avengers for some reason and keep running down the road. Come to two houses, and we decide to search to see if we can find anything. Someone then saw a guy that was not an avenger run into a building. One by one my newly begotten friends went into the building to fight the survivor. Every single one of them died. The guy then told me to walk away. I walked away.You never know what will happen in this game, and that is what makes it great. The crafting and building system is nice, and really the ony problem I've had is seeing players or zombie characters fly all over the place glitching out. I've yet to have a zombie glitch into a building though.Great fun though! Grab some buddies and get this game!10/10"
76561198068233916,Recommended,295110,14582096,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Cynical,"Can't wait to see what they add in the future, fun♥♥♥♥♥game."
,Recommended,295110,14141859,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Mukky,"surprisingly fun! ive heard of all the controversy over micro transactions but its okay, i mean it doesnt mean ""instant best gear"" or anything. great game! cant wait till PS4 release"
76561198061156893,Recommended,295110,14089626,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,meatman,pretty neat
76561197982407066,Recommended,295110,14090386,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,CheeseBurger,Best of the zombie survival genre
,Recommended,295110,14119109,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,愛 Scotty,Pros: Very fun with easy to find each other /loc (cords)Cons: You Will Live On Berrysyou will drink dirty watersome p2w ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ with airdropsKOS everywherecars glitch out like crazyStill a great game 8/10
,Recommended,295110,14130148,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,JippyUK Twitch,"Still early dayz (geddit?) but already showing a lot more potential than other survival games out there. Biggest plus for me is it actually runs at a decent fps!Would I recommend now? Only if you are prepared to fight through basic systems which are constantly being tweaked. At present the lack of loot makes it difficult to start off (hence the reason why most KOS to get stuff off others players instead)Patch due tonight to fix this, lets see if they manage... Only been out a week and still a lot of fun to be had!"
,Recommended,295110,14044191,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,[HG] Braided Asshair,"I dont get why everyone is beaking on the game for being terrible i mean its been out for 2 days in alpha. You were warned, there was a little message. Anyway for an alpha game its really good and it has great potential"
76561198143224113,Not Recommended,295110,22828563,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Cyka Nuggets,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME:well i was playing one day then i turned off my game for an hour and then cameback and they told me that my account is banned and they didnt say why so i went and send them messages and stuff and they never responded and i lost 20 dollars ON NOTHING so i dont recommend this game and if you wanna lose your money go ahead and buy this game
,Not Recommended,295110,22824270,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,cameron,dayz but without any soul or personality.
76561198065152179,Not Recommended,295110,14010994,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Bat,"The most anticipated zombie game of 2015, I don't care about the delayed over and over and over again release, I don't care that i couldnt play for the first 6 hours of having the game, i care that this is now clearly going to be pay to win, and that I have been sat in position 96 of a server waiting an estimated time of 47 minutes for an hour and a half now, this game looks to be good, but hell. wait till its finished and you can join a server for free"
21646979461361949,Not Recommended,295110,14012174,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Gibbo1230,first thing the should do is get servers that work so you can play
76561198002755445,Not Recommended,295110,14018007,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Doc Holliday,Can't find anything. Probably because loot chance is low so people will spend money on air drops for military gear.
,Not Recommended,295110,14010998,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Prowturk,ıt is verry bad loot
,Not Recommended,295110,14015010,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,#VAPENATION,"It needs a few weeks, duh!"
76561198018751398,Not Recommended,295110,14003634,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,DeepSky,Stop giving this game a thumbs up! It's not even working
,Not Recommended,295110,14015775,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Revenge,"""We will NOT be selling Guns, Ammo, Food, Water... i.e. That's kind of the whole game and it would suck in our opinion if we did that."" I just bought this game 15 minutes ago... watching streamers call weapon crates right at their feet. They have guns and ammo in them. That is pay 2 win mechanics. I dont play pay 2 win games. I fully understand that no one is forcing us to buy these airdrops or anything in game, thats fine. whats not fine. Telling me if you buy this pizza it has pepperoni only! Then I order the pizza and when it arrives it's an anchovy pizza instead."
,Not Recommended,295110,14015828,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Kaje,"This feels more like a pre-Alpha than an Alpha, and as such I don't feel it is ready for Early Access. It could have done with at least another month or two of behind closed doors development before being released on the public.Will it improve? I hope so. Right now, it's not worth the money and it's no DayZ beater. This really is one of those occasions where you're throwing money at the developers in the hope they improve the end product greatly and you can say 'I was there when it was crap'.One thing they definitely need to rethink, however, is the P2W mechanics of the crate drops etc. This really should have been a Pay X Play Forever game, like DayZ, as the microtransactions will ultimately end up ruining the experience.TL;DR? Don't buy it yet, it's not worth of Early Access."
76561198004811399,Not Recommended,295110,14010704,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Lower,"Had to make a new SOE account because Sony's customer service is literally too bad to service older accounts. The password reset links were expired before i could use in.Also, prepare your servers better.Edit: Was able to log into the game under a new station name, and after only a few crashes, was able to wonder around aimlessly until I got merc'ed on a pve server."
,Not Recommended,295110,14014652,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Oliver Hart,"False advertisement, unplayable. If you thought War Z had bad ethics you're in for a treat. I've played a lot of early access games but this is by far the worst.Do not buy, wait a few months to see if the developers actually invest time into making this game better. Judging by what they've done (or haven't done) so far I would say move on."
,Not Recommended,295110,14012192,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,rzo,0/10
,Recommended,295110,14044815,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,.FR4G,"You know something is wrong with negative reviews when most have 0-10 hours and think they can speak for a game in alpha. I hate the alpha excuse being used to defend games beyond what they deserve but honestly this game deserves it, the developers currently are being EXTREMELY active and involved in the games development and don't seem like bad guys.The game needs to make money and people are quick to imagine the devs are some evil geniuses trying to squeeze our wallets dry, aesthetic items alone would be hard to keep the game afloat with. The first airdrop configuration WAS pay to win, it dropped too close to players and the gun drop chance was too high. EVEN then, I had no trouble taking them from people, they paid.. but didn't win.They took the feedback within a day and patched the drops to the extent no one can really complain, the radius is larger, weapons drop a lot less etc. This is early access, the ways they plan to make money aren't solid yet and its very clear they aren't sure how to monetize the game but they do not want to ruin the experience.Can't believe people within the first day of release went and gave negatives reviews, they patched it the very next day.. you can't really ask for more than that. I'm loving h1z1, the gameplay is exactly what I was looking for, good graphically, good mechanics and a dev team that are on the ball clearly listening to the community.Good game right now and looks very promising in terms of future development. I r8 8/8 m8 :]"
76561197966312001,Recommended,295110,14044986,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Daeron_Gaming,"I may have only put in 2 hours in this game, but it was a great 2 hours that flew by without me noticing. Allow me to explain why with both pros and cons:IntroductionThe game uses a launcher, something I've never particularly liked, especially for Steam games as Steam allows for updating and verification of files without the need for each program to then re-check. However as this is a planned F2P game I have no doubt it will also be launched off of Steam at some point. While annoying to me it is most certainly not a deal breaker. Loading in to the game there is no main menu just a list of servers which, in it's current state, is a pain to navigate and use, but is serviceable and gets the job done. Select a server of your taste and bam... you are in a queue or in the game, which fortunately for me was an instantaneous queue on a PvP ""Hardcore"" server where each death was a full character reset.The GameInstantly apoun any game world loading I always take a few minutes to familiarise myself with the controls and HUD. A very minimalistic HUD for a survival game is a must, and H1Z1 allows you at this stage to have a small health meter display on/off: immediately a nice feature that allows for immersion. The controls feel somewhat clunky, but usuable and after a while you stop noticing this.Spawned in a forest, fairly good quality graphics on my aging GTX570, FPS feels low so graphics dropped to Med - Much better and not bad looking still. Quick look at the menu and Tab inventory - all feels self explanatory and easy to use. Start collecting wood and looking for cloth to create a bow (I didn't know at this stage about shredding clothing to make easy cloth). Run into other player with Bow... arrow to the face and I get the good ol' respawn screen. Back in we go.Much better this time - Bow created and 40 arrows. Time to go hunting. Find deer. Deer hit once and then a 15 minute chase begins - which ends in my death when two players decide to put spears through my gut whilst calling me a little ♥♥♥♥♥ over voice chat. Thanks lads.Respawn. Find Hunting rifle in house. 45 mins later still looking for ammo. Scope is nice for scouting out the land though. Find set of houses. Start rifling through peoples belongings. FOOTSTEPS. Oh dear lord.... Can't log out as 10 second timer which resets if you move. Close myself in bathroom. Footsteps get closer. Hear outer door swing open. Bow out and ready to shoot. Door swings open, man standing there. I fire my bow. Man goes down. LOOT! Pistol, no ammo. Is there no ammo in this game?! AXE. Proceed to try chopping down a tree. Very nice tree felling animation. Can't carry logs due to no bags. Quit with anticipation for the next time I can play.ComparisonsObviously people are going to make comparisons to DayZ - And I feel it is a fair comparison. DayZ will always hold a special place in my heart, but I can barely play it anymore as the controls still feel too floaty and it is so poorly optimised that my aging PC feels every building rendered as a stab in it's side.Whilst there are a ton of similarities I have already found H1Z1 to be far easier for crafting and to have a far easier inventory system. Graphics are obviously slightly less quality in H1Z1 - But from my point of view its a darker, grittier set of scenes then DayZ which aims for overall realism - and it's quite easy to forget that there are zombies in DayZ.The ControversyI can understand the controversy over the Airdrops and the idea that this game could be Pay To Win. I don't agree at this stage - it is early access and everything is up for changing. Also the devs seem to have been pretty cool about talking with their customers. While their engagement may not be on the level of, say, Rust, it still seems that they are trying to be as open as possible on multiple social media centers.ConclusionIf you have the money and like to see games slowly expand whilst you play them I'd suggest getting this title. If you don't like early access then wait till it is F2P. Personally I enjoy seeing how games evolve throughout their development cycle - One of the reasons that I love Rust and DayZ.I'm always acutely aware that in development games may end up never finished, but if I can get more than 3 hours play for £15 thats better than a trip to the cinema."
76561197995821318,Not Recommended,295110,14014640,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Meticulous_Undress,"alright so as of right now sony can ♥♥♥♥ off.i pay 20 bucks for earl access alapha, ok cool no big deal after doing this withthe forest and seeing how well it has been developingi thought great i'll try it again, as  of now, don't do this♥♥♥♥♥♥sony lied saying  p2w wasn't going to be part of the gameand what happend of course they would annouce p2w at alpha launch 2 you dl the gameand cant play, 3 when you get into a server and your in que for a slotits say 8 ppl estimated time 30 seconds obiouslysony can't do math 4 while in que and you don'tmake it in fast enough you get completely kicked out the game and haveto start it up again. don't get it right now wait till sony pulls their head out there stupid asses"
,Not Recommended,295110,14016464,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,rog,This is the worst early access I have ever seem in my life.There is nothing good about this game.Pay-to-win is here.Lag is a reality.Loot? NOPDO NOT BUY THIS GAME.
76561198067535670,Recommended,295110,15262199,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,[SVD] MrSalvadore,"nice game but, not much to do ingame :(  and all just kill you :)"
76561198042611613,Not Recommended,295110,14013324,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Rousch,"I always knew that ordering an early alpha game would bring with it a range of problems. However the language and promises used to promote this game do not match the end result. Who knows it may get there after they've tweaked it, but this game just does not work, before you even get to the fact that they snuck in Pay 2 Win, effectively conning us all. Totally unable to connect to any servers to play. Don't buy it, they lied."
76561198062017483,Recommended,295110,17509833,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Droopy Weiners,"-WARNING-  -READ ME-Too many bandits. In the trailer they show groups of people working together, and only once mention how confrontation can be bad. All I can say from gaming experience is get ready to do a lot of hard work just to get shot by some work who never worked for anything in his H1Z1 life, right on your front doorstep. then its back to square one. just to have it all happen again. for some reason this game draws a crowd of game-ruining punks. The game is a lot of fun but if you want to make any progress and you dont feel like ruining other pefercetly fine peoples day, you have to join a PVE server, which then completely takes out 70% of the risk. the rest could be glitches zombies or starvation...or bears, wolves, etc.ALSO I have not once found a gropup of three or more survivors. not once. everyone just wants to kill eachother. To which I say go play COD.DO I RECOMEND H1Z1 TO OTHER PLAYERS?:read the paraghraph and ecide for yourself. PVE servers can be a lot of fun but I hear ARK is better.HOWEVER this game does kinda beat DayZ in my opinion."
76561198004610721,Not Recommended,295110,14018110,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Neriken,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME! You roll the dice if you can even log in, then roll the dice to see if game loads, then roll the dice if you can make it to server selection, then roll the dice once sitting in a 20min queue, that you can actually get in game without a G # error message.  To start the process all over again to see if the fixes already worked. Have 3.1 hours on record, have not been able to play a single second. They should have NEVER charged to get into ALPHA, you pay means you have a functional product i.e. being able to actually play the game."
76561198020582530,Not Recommended,295110,18486367,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Evillyzz,Until they ban the the slant eyes off this game it will always be♥♥♥♥♥
76561198168841304,Recommended,295110,19053158,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,MagicaLWeeD,very cool game (beter then DayZ) :)
,Recommended,295110,20652894,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,worm man,needed to post a review for a badge
76561198099984579,Not Recommended,295110,25294238,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Ivar the shinigame,me being dumb enough to buy this game is sort of my fault i should have done more research on this game but that does not give the developers any excuse to make such a horrible excuse for a game this is the biggest let down of any zombie survival game that i have ever played and who ever executed this game so porly should truly be ashamed of themselves for making such a horrible game
,Not Recommended,295110,24285898,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,TheSlamKing,Please fix this damn crash problem
,Not Recommended,295110,22330890,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,rice Lord,garbage
,Not Recommended,295110,22407683,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Ebbie Mack,"As it is I can't recommend this game.What I like- Need for food and drink- Ability to change clothing- ability to play as either male or female- cars and quadbikes- basic crafting excluding base buildingWhat i don't like- Base buildingit's terrible, it would make more sense to fortafy the many houses and buildings to use as bases rather than build the stupid looking shacks and bases from the crafting menu.- The inability to occupy any of the houses as stated above- the lack of replayabilityDead set after you have a base up, be it a shack or a full blown, huge base, the game becomes a ""log in and farm materials to keep your base repaired"" and that is all. The decay is relatively fast and while it isnt too hard to find the materials you need, it becomes the sole reason to log in each day before you go play something else.-The lack of proper character customization excluding clothing.Pre made characters annoy me in all games that aren't built around a specific protagonist.-It's not growing very fast. Mostly bug fixes and bare minimum content additions.- It's sooo damn buggy considering how many updates are mostly just bug fixes. Like, stupidly buggy.So there you have it, my review. Would I recommend? No. BUT, I would recommend watching the game, as it is likely to change at some point (or just die)."
,Recommended,295110,14049874,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Zyron,"Here come all the Dayz fan girls complaining that this game is bad, trust me it isnt. This game has some unpolished features but with constant updates and contiunuous bans on cheaters this game has SO much potential and has already captured most of it."
,Recommended,295110,14092350,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Ducckk,"This game has shown great promise for its future. It has had a rocky start, but that is to be expected with a new MMO and even more so with a game that is still in its Alpha stage. I seriously recommend this game to anyone who is looking for something like DayZ but a little different with its own flare...in a week. You could buy this game now, but you may have issues getting into the servers. I'm sure this problem will be fixed within the week, though, so buy it then.People seem to be critiquing the game because of the low amounts of loot. While they are too low at the moment, and the developers are working on fixing that, this game isn't about looting. It's about building, and once you get the few required tools you really have no use in looting anymore, and you should not be looting once you get to that stage. This game is about making a home in the forest and (if you decide to do so) fighting other people for their land, not endless looting and dying followed by more endless looting and dying. People need to get past the view that DayZ Standalone has placed where the goal is to just get stuff, and continue getting stuff, while leaving no mark on the landscape."
,Not Recommended,295110,14558561,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Noveranz,I can't even play this ♥♥♥♥ing stupid dumb♥♥♥♥ piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥gameİt says that you dont have access so the creators can go and suck a♥♥♥♥♥
76561198092139621,Recommended,295110,14095567,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Jacky V,"needs more zombies, its not so much surviving against zombies (most i seen in one place was like 7-9) as it is surviving against other players, great game but towns and citys should have 60+ zombies9/10"
76561197971446542,Not Recommended,295110,15753842,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,123,"Originl review may 2015:""good game-in-the-making, definatly one to keep your eye on.needs much more time in the oven and is not ready yet.""Currently it is may 2017... the game is only marginally better than it was back then with a plethora of stupid clothing skins and hats/masks added.The backend has seen some work to be sure and the game is not rubberbanding like it used to but the original memory leak/desync♥♥♥♥♥♥still goes on and it still feels very early access all round. The new weather system causes horrible frame rate drops when its raining etc.Zombies have been improved but every one i have encountered can be evaded by pressing the W key and holding shift.. their loot tables and apparael have benefited a great deal from h1z1:KOTK with much more variety in wearables which is good but gameplay-wise they are still fairly lame.What attracted me to take another look at the title was promises of a revamped melee system, the melee is still very janky and its possible to stand directly in front of a stationary target like a tree and swing your axe and swing through it and hit nothing.. fighting zombies you quickly desync to the point where melee becomes pointless.Daybreak's stream was informative and portayed them as being enthused and taking the idea forward but as far as actual ingame changes go this title still needs the remaining 60% of its content added and the first almost-half still needs debugging/rewriting. There are no NPC survivors or any means of trade with other players, no teritory control systems. no dungeons, no raid bosses.. the one part that was successful the royal rumble battlegrounds was split off into an entirely seperate game...There is literally nothing to do in this game but build a simple snaplock base out of a couple of configureable bits or shoot people. thats it...........In short its sandbox with very little sand in the box yet.continue to wait if you havent purchased it yet. (dont hold your breath)"
76561198122772630,Not Recommended,295110,15778498,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,123,Not going to lie probably one of the worst games ive ever played. Like a cheap rip off dayz. * Flies away*
,Not Recommended,295110,15053134,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Traitor!,"I would really like to recommend this game. I honestly would have in my first few hours.Lets start with the pros-Fun crafting system-Battle Royale-Surviving is actually a challengeThose are the main points I have.The cons-Community seems funny at first but becomes cancerous after it stops being funny-Hackers are a problem, not very frequent but a problem for sure-People who call hacks when you get a kill on two people (not a problem with the game but the community)I can't recommend the game until community grows up and the hacker problem is fixed. Again I have more of a problem with hackers than the community but it would be nice to have people who try to survive with others instead of trying to kill you on sight ad calling you a hacker for having better aim than them."
,Recommended,295110,14332771,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,ILLSeaBass,"Loving it,  It will be fun to see this game evolve over time."
,Recommended,295110,14819839,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,DisBoiisFastAF,"build a base inside a forest out of nowhere, killing some zombies and got full gear loot go to nearest city and rekt some ppl till got blown up by own land mine cos i place it not drop it.ill give da dem 10/10"
76561198026725176,Recommended,295110,14088396,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,reidloS doG,"The game is extremely in depth.  Today marks the first big patch of the first week of launch.  It's obvious that this engine is leagues better than DayZ, Rust, 7 Days to die, or Unturned.  You can see that the developers are familiar with the engine.  The devs also talk A LOT with the consumer.  Probably more than any AAA studio out there.I still don't like air drops, but to date I've stolen 2 from people already.  It seems like the higher the population on the server, the more zombies spawn on the air drop.  The air drop can also have relatively terrible items (got a farmer one which basically allows you to make a lot of IED's, so take that as you will).The crafting is extremely in depth.  Roads have names.  Towns have maps like you would in a mall.  The map is very dense with foliage and trees.  This is a the most polished zombie survival MMO to date."
76561197999024233,Recommended,295110,14055930,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Fallen Sereph,"Good game for an alpha. Some to-be-expected glitches but devs have fixed several by the time this was posted. Loving the concept so far, playing with several friends and while the game has a rather high learning curve once you get it, you can really start to enjoy the game. If you're not sure about spending the $20 on it, wait a while and see how things turn out, just be aware of negative reviews by people who are just complaining to complain about a game that doesn't live up to their unrealistic expectations for a pre-alpha game. to me, the game as it stands gets a 6/10 with ALOT of room for improvement and that improvement is happening, will update my rating as the game progresses."
,Not Recommended,295110,15663629,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Jungle Jim,"Just another zombie survival game in alpha that will probably never come out of alpha.Pros-open worldDecent ""battle royale"" game modeCons-Hackerslack of content (game gets boring quick)Brings nothing special or new to a type of game like this.For $20 you can find much better games,"
,Recommended,295110,15576991,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Triggerhappy,"Its A Great Game I Rate 10/10! Everyone Is Like ""Dont Buy To Many Hackers"" Honestly I Play On A Server PvP And Its Always High Population And I Have Never Seen A Hacker Or Been Raided By 1! Rember This Game Is Early Stuff Is Added Every Other Day! So I Think You Should Buy This Game Its A Fun Zombie Game With Alot Of Potential And Already Better Then DayZ!"
76561198143241005,Recommended,295110,14092278,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Chaseman228,IT WORKS! but i cant play every time i get the the man holding the axe then it takes my the internet and i get the G99 errorplz say other have this and know how to fix it i have a windows 8 computer
,Recommended,295110,14174681,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,TYPatron,"I have been a long time player of DayZ and Breaking Point Arma 3 mod. When I heard about Airdrops I was♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥but let me continue by saying that after having given this game a chance and watching twitch tv streams about airdrops I am convinced that the ""Pay to Win"" aspect of this game has either been fixed and/or nerfed to the point where it is more of a ""Pay to create a global event."" When an airdrop has been called in it is extremely loud and noticable to the point where several players will swarm and fight for it which decreases your chances of obtaining the gear inside. ***Also Quests give better iteams. Quests are obtained through killing zobies as far as I can tell.Morally it is horrible that the devs would spoon feed us the wrong information and I would have not overlooked this if they hadn't allowed refunds without question for the first 24 hours after release. It is still♥♥♥♥♥♥but their understanding and second day patch certainly convinced me to at least give them a chance.I'm glad I took a chance and got this game.Comparison of H1Z1 to DayZ & Breaking PointGraphically H1Z1 is less intimidating than DayZ and BP because the graphics are much less realistic while still providing a beautiful environment ***if the graphics are maxed out***The Content of H1Z1 is far better than DayZ and BP because of the crafting system and items that you can create and obtain. An example of what you can do and create:FortsHousesFarmsWeaponsBackpacksBows & ArrowsQUESTS**** (which give as good or better gear than airdrops)Lastly this is much less of a run simulator than DayZ or BP. You encounter people MUCH more often and you can obtain the materials to build a bow and craft arrows immediately after spawning."
,Recommended,295110,14088977,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,TwistedFurry,"yes the game is good and its the kind of game i want with the pve side of games. being able to dowhat i want in the game and playing with friends without getting gunned down as soon a i join a server. the down side to the game is the limited zombies, and map you have, when i say map i mean you literally have no idea where you are in the game at all and if you want a map to look at you can g on the internet and find one but there is no point as it doesnt tell you where you are. if you like the idea of surviving a zombie apocalyptic even t with friends then i would reccomend this game."
,Recommended,295110,14105925,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Icy,"Loot seems to be really scarce, I don't mind that. But I came across a player and we were fighting it out for over 25mins with our fists, I was getting loads of hits on him and his not registering or maybe missing.  I""m not sure if there's something wrong serverside with the hit thing but this guy wouldn't die. I chased after him after he started to run away and continued the beating, finally I gave up trying to kill the dude because I figured something is broke.Upate 2015/02/24: So I guess there was an update and now the game doesn't want to launch now it's giving me GAME ERROR G25. I have I7 4770K, 16GB ram, 7870. It worked fine the other day.. I'm guessing there is optimization issues. Still quite annoying. For those who haven't purchased the game yet, I would wait a bit so  they can fix things.Update 2015-01-28, Seems to have fixed some of the earlier issues that I've had with the game error thing and the loot as well as the hit registration."
,Not Recommended,295110,15029705,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,*carti,are you ♥♥♥♥ing kidding me.the game isn't even out of alpha and they start charging for a supposed free game mode.0/10
,Recommended,295110,14058429,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Luxo,Fun Game Zombie AI is way better then dayZ
,Recommended,295110,14074750,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,PlayerWon,"ok, the game has only been out in EARLY ACCESS (read: we are testing game systems to see what works, what doesnt, AS WELL AS finding exploits in game and exposing them to SOE so they may kill hackers with their mighty ban hammer) for a few days now. Ive got about 30 hours in to it, and i gotta say theres a lot of hate for a game that is very lovable. let me explain.the first thing that people tend to hate on is the ""p2w"" model that soe has set up. nothing could be farther from the truth. there is no pay to win system in this game, there is however a gambling model in game. you can spend real money on supply drops, and when they are used a very noisy, very slow plane will fly over your general area and drop a very slow falling crate within 700 meters (iirc) of the spot where the call was made. sooooo.... everyone knows where your drop is coming down, and starts heading for it like lemmings. its pretty neat actually, since once the drop lands (in the guise of a shipping container) it then explodes (im told theres splash damage from that, though ive never been close enough to experience this) and releases around 6 aggressive zombies. there will also be a crate on the ground. that is the loot someone paid for. crates are first come, first serve. objects can only be removed from crates by the first person to get the interface open on their system. if someone else is picking over the contents, you will have to wait till the yellow words ""someone else is using this crate"" (or something very similar, i cant remember for sure) disappear. all the while, you will watch the good stuff from the crate vanish. if its a PvP server, and theres guns in there, you can rest assured that if the first person to reach the contents cannot carry the gun, they will likely delete it from game so you dont get it. ammo will be gone even if you are #2 to loot. so basically, they are allowing you to gamble a small ammount of money (around $5/per i think) on a chance that you may get some alright gear. as far as players claiming there was never to be weapons for sale in game, there still isnt. supply drop contents are based on a few loadout models, selected randomly, and not gauranteed. the other fact is that they have been saying there would be guns/ammo in these crates since around aug (seriously, google it!) and the claims that there would not be weapons for sale are based on one dev's comment during a twitch stream preview. the fact remains, you cannot buy weapons directly, but you can spend money on a chance to get one. i refuse to play p2w games, and i find nothing wrong with this model.  In fact i give it 10/10 for the entertainment its already given me.having said that, there are ways to get some pretty sweet gear in game that are completely free and completely yours once obtained. youll have to figure that one out yourself though, i hate spoilers.the other complaint that ive heard from my friends are inactive zombies. they do seem sluggish, but can be very deadly in a pack for that very reason. they will spring at you with no warning, and seem capable of superhuman speed for very short bursts (a couple meters, at best). they are still stupid, dead people whos brains are not functioning beyond the ""must eat now"" program. and they carry loot. 6/10 for the AI, could be a little better but would we still like it?the gameplay itself is pretty decent, though the loot tables at this time could use a little tweaking... ive never had a problem staying hydrated and energetic though. there are places where food can always be found. always. its the other items that are rare, like pre made weapons or clothing. i believe this is intentional, since a lot of weapons in game have a craftable counterpart, and the ones that dont still have components laying around so it is my assumption at this time that the intent of the team is to create a world where crafting is more important than trying to find a gun or some bullets. resources for crafting (aside from scrap metal, atm) are pretty abundant. if you know where to look, or where not to look, you should have no problem kitting your player out for some decent survival. 9/10 for game playability. for early access, this is a damn fine rating.the player base can choose a pvp server, a pve server, and several other options when picking a server (they are listed with the server name) like recipe wipe upon death, head shot only servers, and a couple other neat features so that players can find a play style they enjoy and therefore a server that fits their wants for this title.pvp servers tend to have a lot of people bored with counterstrike maps that just want to run around shooting everyone. if you are new, stay out of large urban areas unless you want to fight and likely die. stay away from peoples buildings, they or their friends may be there and will likely be hostile. better yet, bring some friends. (depends on your friends)/10 since people are unpredictable in their predictability.pve servers are another game all together. there is a form of universal teamwork in that animal traps placed by one player can be accessed by all and therefore help the entire server survive a little easier. same applies to crafting stations that arent behind locked doors (which can be destroyed). anyone can use them, anyone can take stuff out if you leave it unattended. 6/10 there is a lot of building going on in these servers, but they are too crowded atm.all servers allow you to build, you can theoretically build a large fortress to use for whatever you desire. people can break in, and do the same. you can build storage crates that people can rob if they can get to them. some items are not working properly at the moment, like metal gates, but they are working on fixes and im sure we will see them soon. each server will use a seperate toon though, so the skills you had on one wont be present on any other one. you may also have multiple toons on each server. 7/10 for the building system, its almost lifted right out of rust and the recipes can be a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥to learn without google.the music could use some improvement. every time you crouch or stand up, the track abruptly restarts. music only plays in some locations though, i assume for ambience since it is generally moody music in moody places. its also easy as pie to turn off. 3/10 and only cause i can turn it off. if i couldnt, it would be 0/10the graphics are pretty decent. there are some issues with ground mesh popping as detail levels change, but often it is concealed beneath grass. water does strange things to the appearance of items that are only partly submerged. shadows are a little strange atm as well, as they dont always cover items they should be (like loot bag drops). still im pretty enamoured by it, and im a bit of a graphics ♥♥♥♥♥ (lol i even use a 256x texture pack in minecraft). the graphics lose a lot of points though because grass is growing in almost every building. its annoying. 6/10, your experience may very depending on your system specs and in game settings.the game world is pretty big (4096 km square by my caculations) and very richly detailed. its full of little nooks and crannies that are fun to explore for a bit. then it gets a little tedious. building models are repeated with too much frequency, and identical buildings are used for too many different setups. interiors are generally duplicates. learning where loot spawns in each model is a fast process, and is not random enough... i suspect spawn points are locked to an item type (like, food or material gathering weapon or hat or mainly clothing) so its a fairly quick process to re equip a bambi, but for me that takes a lot out of the game. i love to find stuff where i didnt expect it to be. the map also ends with void on all sides. size=6/10, future potential=8/10 if they are using the edges to add on later. variety=2/10. to many carbon copies. THIS IS STILL EARLY ACCESS"
,Recommended,295110,14092955,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Aznpanda510,This is fun.. and i'm not a h1z1 fan or a sony fan.... I recommend this game over dayz is because i bought both game on day 1 and dayz had zombie killing me underground and zombie attacking me even when the door is close. This game is not p2w because i saw a lot of people airdrops and it fun as beep when you steal it and what in the box??? things i can find in the game..... i Love the updates and the cars and the building... dayz and rust had a baby.
,Not Recommended,295110,14018598,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Volatile,http://i.imgur.com/9CE4FpH.jpg
,Not Recommended,295110,14019650,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Drew,"Avoid this like the plague... This game has a lot of potential and yes it will be F2P but if your going to charge me to test your damn game don't make me sit in 30 min queue's because your servers are a joke. Shame on you sony, I'm getting my refund."
76561197965170255,Not Recommended,295110,14019671,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,RTFM,"last minute change of market strategy.... not good.... thumbs down.soe probably got ""inspired"" by infestation.at least DayZ works fine for now and the devs don't lie ...better don't buy till it's free..."
,Recommended,295110,14020954,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Slippery Opossum,"Look at all of these people downvoting over the alleged ""Pay-To-Win.""Lest we forget that, people called DayZ and WarZ Pay-To-Win. However, many people tend to forget that, just as quickly as you get ANY item(s), they can be taken from you moments later. Be it by zombies, glitches, or players. Yes, you can do a micro-transaction for items, but this is how games survive these days.$20 for a pre-launch isn't really all that much, and servers cost money. I think it's rather selfish of people to call a game, ""Pay-To-Win,"" when you can fork over hundreds in one sitting, only to have it all taken from you by death later. Most games of this nature are unforgiving as all hell.Just, because you have a particular leg-up now, doesn't mean it'll last for long. Running low on ammo, food, and general supplies. Honestly, people should be more worried about hackers, and how the games anti-cheat engine performs, over micro-transactions. I mean, let's face it, the developer needs a bit of extra cash to pay the coders to keep the anti-cheat a successful piece of software.With out it, most games of this type would simply crumble, and we'd all stop playing them."
76561197980881916,Not Recommended,295110,14020961,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Twitchy,"I can look past hardly being able to play the game since the release.. that's totally alright and to be expected. I'm sure they are working hard on this.I however cannot look past the airdrops. I'm sorry to say it, but you guys know this is upsetting to us.. and I'm sure you know why. I just want you guys to maybe consider changing this up. I've done enough research into the subject and I understand that you're not entirely certain to even attain the drops you purchased.. but it is still a large advantage, especially since it spawns right next to you. It's under my understanding that these crates most often drop weapons, ammo and backpacks.. which are critical to surviving and overpowering other players. I suppose you cannot honestly say these airdrops are ""P2W"" but I would consider them, ""P2LW"" (Pay-To-Likely-Win). These players are spending real money, to have an advantage over other players. If you yourself, use an airdrop. Then you have the advantage of getting to the crate first. To me, this is unfair, and ill-balanced.So I cannot honestly recommend this game, yet. I'll play the game some more, and add additional details to the gameplay of the game."
,Recommended,295110,14028409,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,C0ckN1nja,"p2w or non-p2w, this game is fun. I've dueled a few guys that had guns and I only had bow. Managed to kill a guy with AR15 1v1. If he paid for the airdrop and managed to get those guns from it, then yeah, he pretty much paid ME to win against HIM. With a freaking makeshit bow that you craft from a stick that you can find almost anywhere on the map, and a piece of shredded cloth that you scrap from your shirt.Hardcore servers are better imho, you can only kill Zs with headshots so it naturally drives the KOS down to acceptable levels.Game needs more zombies though, I don't know if engine/server can handle more,  but if it can, add it asap SOE."
,Not Recommended,295110,14019032,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Smallz,"I'm not going to complain about the experience I had trying to get into the game. I expected server crashes and difficulties getting in. What I will complain about is:-Poor zombie pathing(expected)(died inside of a vehicle by a wolf, zombies can be walked around and while you are behind them they can hit you)-AWFUL loot amount(Lots of empty bottles, not enough scrap metal(or crowbars) (3 hours of searching for wells, purified water, a lake. Not to mention while it's pouring rain.... And die from dehydration)-Graphics are no where near what they showed from a year ago-Pay to Win air drops. Buy an airdrop, get gear.-Choppy gameplay on i7(3rd), 12gb, 2gb gtx 660I would get a refund if I was hurting on cash. Though I would really lke to see where this game goes, I cannot recommend  this game to anyone. Almost ever other survival game I've played ran smoother, had better loot tables and not one of them allowed you to pay for guns and armor."
,Not Recommended,295110,14019077,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,DanDoity,"Awful. Due to the 7 minutes it took me to actually log in, and then choose a server which by the way, most of them have a 3 hour wait, and exit out. I can't get my money back becuase of Steam's awful refund policy. Please do not waste your money on this garbage."
76561198126181511,Not Recommended,295110,14019621,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Ravenous,"The Large majority of my games are Early Access games so I usually know what to expect when I purchase an EA Game but not when it comes to H1Z1. I was sucked in with the hype and I really wanted this game to be a good alternative to DayZ but this game is a shambles, from the pain it takes to try and get into a game, over 20 attempts before I got into a game and 10 minutes later it crashed. The when I was able to spend some time in the game I found a boring, empty world filled with players with nothing for them to do or find. Of all the locations I searched all I could find was a Bottle of water and a tee shirt. The H1Z1 that you see in the videos and youtube livestreams is nothing like the game you will play and for that and the problems that everyone encountered SOE should be ashamed of themselves. I'm not one to cry foir my money back after I've been duped, thats on me but take this as a warning to stay clear of this whole unfortunate experience."
76561198129996953,Not Recommended,295110,14019642,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,AFK Ragequit,Devs lied and buggy af currently.
76561198033291758,Not Recommended,295110,14019718,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Fearless1885,"♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥GAMEPLAY:""You've played 63 Minutes"" Like ♥♥♥♥ have i. I've spent 63 minutes trying to get into the game.Eventually i managed to spend 2 minutes on a server surrounded by 7 other players all beating each other up I then got disconnected and started sliding up a hill?GRAPHICS:Shocking. Just shocking, floating tree's the bushes look♥♥♥♥♥♥ the tree's look♥♥♥♥♥♥and so do the player models. To put it into perspective, Call of Duty and Battlefield 2 have better graphics.Can you Review an Alpha?Can you review an Alpha? Not really except give suggestions and opinions. My suggestion is DO NOT buy it and my opinion is... its♥♥♥♥♥♥  For an Alpha this is the worst i have ever seen. I have had many games in Alpha such as rust and dayz but they were atleast playable.If you have any enemies, purchase this game for their birthday. It will ♥♥♥♥ them over."
76561198070381799,Recommended,295110,14322312,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,True,"To be yet another Zombie Survival game this has to be better than the rest ....Happily it is .H1Z1 is everything Day Z standalone should have been ,with the addition of Rust like crafting and a landscape similar to the brilliant [but sadly oneplayer]State of Decay .Being Alpha there are a few bugs to iron out but nothing that spoils the enjoyment of this excellent title.Only fault is the pay to win element of the airdrops ,but you get better gear from the quest items anyway so really no need to waste your money on those ,esp as fair chance someone else will find it before you do .9.5/10 and will only get better.Buy it now !"
,Recommended,295110,16883800,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,El  D I N A R Y ❦,NERF THE BEAR
76561198087455123,Not Recommended,295110,20060602,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,AndyScarbs,"This could be a good game. However, Daybreak seem more interested in creating hundreds of stupid skins to put in their stupid ""crates"", rather than actually improving the game.*Start with the Negatives:*Graphical optimization is very poor, and the graphics themselves are ugly and dated.Battle Royale can be fun or it can be Running In A Straight Line Simulator 2015, depending on the kind of spawn you're given.Server optimization for survival is terrible; this never used to be a problem but it seems as many people predicted, Battle Royale is where Daybreak's focus is, survival has been put firmly on the backburner.*******************Positives*Apart from all that, this game can be very entertaining to watch on Twitch with CDNThe3rd.The devs (mainly Arclegger) are actively involved in the community which is positive and they certainly know how to put on a good tournament.This can be enjoyable to play with friends.Overall, this is just another cash-grab, micro-transaction focused ""game"" that has never been properly optimized and skins/crates seem to take precedence over actual improvements to the ""game""."
,Not Recommended,295110,34277003,Posted: 16 August,all,I'm a breast man,"I remember playing this game in its' early stage of development. It was blasting with potential, all my 56 hours of fun were from those days, then the game was kinda...sorta abandoned just because KOK was more successful, but i was still loyal to the game then.After a few months, they said a new map was coming. As usual hype was all over me, as I couldn't wait to revisit a game that me and my friends enjoyed.When the new map was out, although everyone was hating on what happened I still tried my best to see a positive side of all the negativity. I did find some but sadly not enough.....this game became the complete opposite of what I hoped for......Therefore I would not recommend this game at all to anyone.....FFS THIS GAME HAD POTENTIAL,BUT NOW IDK WHERE IT ALL WENT."
76561198230927296,Not Recommended,295110,21289939,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,duartedafranca,I didn't pay for this crap
76561198075495172,Not Recommended,295110,15396757,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Make7,"**Edited 26 NOV 15**Seriously, don't buy this game until it is finished. I don't know if it is a lack of solid leadership at the company or what but the game is not doing well.They did a player/server wipe yesterday and already the cheaters are back in full swing.Game is still unoptimized which is forgivable since it is still in developement, but it will cause your rig to heat up alot. Can possibly cause damage to lower end components if you aren't careful.Bugs that have been reported over and over seem to be fixed and then break again very quickly. Another one that is forgivable since the game is early access but it can still be pretty frustrating.Survival content comes out every couple of weeks, or so. They are currently working on a map revision which is really slowing down the content releases. Once you play survival for a few days maybe even a few weeks it will become fairly boring. Gather/Build/Raid and that's about it. With this of course the noclippers and dupers are going to be running the servers again shortly.Battle Royale can be a lot of fun with friends...in the Team BR lists of course. There are however some signifcant problems still:-Teamers in Solo BRs (They are working on it)-High end rigs with SSDs will spawn in before everyone else, giving a significant advantage (I have this advantage every round and I land a full 20 seconds or so before most of the other players in the match.)-Gunplay isn't solid in the slightest. Sometimes you will shoot someone and see the hit with blood and everything and if they kill you they are still at 100% without armor or a helmet. I think a lot of this is Desync and server issues.-Gun variety is poor. 8 weapons (4 pistols, 3 rifles and a shotgun.) One of the pistols isn't even worth picking up. I know the game is in development but we haven't heard about new weapon types in quite awhile.There is more I could go into but that is the best summary I can give. Don't get this game yet, give it  a few more months."
76561198063751626,Not Recommended,295110,34891245,Posted: 11 September,all,KaiserABRichter,"Eh, this isn't really a Survival game, more of a FPS. The Zombies are pretty easy to kill and they can't open doors, a simple generated house will save you from Zombies, and hiding will save you from humans, food and water is also very easy to find."
76561198080718033,Not Recommended,295110,34403266,Posted: 21 August,all,kingphin,"Worst update ever!! Ok, you made a new map and it looks fine, but why not finish it first before releasing? Also, you deciding the foundation places is not cool. That ends the place finding creativity. Also now you can only respawn at military base, which is on top of the map  or your foundation. Random map respawn is over. Zombies are really aggressive. You can't even loot a place yourself because they spawn in 20-30 seconds and gets crowded really fast, some chases you like a fu**king marathon runner , especially can't make a pvp fight because of them. They can damage you from 3-4 meters. And lastly, removing the shacks?? Are you fu**ing kidding me? And not mentioning about removing the ""H1Z1"" from game's title so you can save KOTK's reputation. This game was already dying, but you pushed the blade deeper to the heart.."
,Not Recommended,295110,35094263,Posted: 20 September,all,peanut15,"Simply put, this game sucks.  Message me for details."
,Recommended,295110,17974001,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,IrishClaire h1z1swap.com,"After the last update the game is better,the graphics are Ok not so good but not bad,the PvE sucks but the PVP is really great,its a great and funny game to play with friends or on medium-large groups but alone its so sad: No good guns,no base,and no one who you can trust...The Map is small-medium so if you want a Dying Light or Just Cause 2 world forget it because you will be disappointed.Sound and Graphics are Ok.Zombies are lazy so dont be afraid but players are selfish,dont trust anyone.Battle Royale is the best thing on this game and the ''BR'' Lobby is crazy af hahahaLot of bugs,early access games you know...I think they should add some more buildings such as shopping mall and hospitals,add more bags and a Waterskin,a few more backpack skin (account locked/skin doesnt matter),dismantle all Option(everybody need this...) ,add some new weapons and a cool sniper skin :DI recommend buy this game on sale,you can have fun af with friends so find one to play with you ,there's some annoying bugs,hackers but there's nice people,funny gameplay,cool cities..."
76561198026082868,Recommended,295110,18324292,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Jaktngames,"This game is just enjoyable. In alpha, it's already the best working, most enjoyable survival game out there, and they support it unlike other zombie survival games we've all heard of....This game has fun survival servers and allows you to easily find your friends in the server. Difficult to find loot, but still possible to find great gear within 30 minutes to 2 hours.Battle Royale is probably this games funnest mode. Battle Royale just works in H1Z1, the combat is fantastic, the loot is fun, the teambased BR is great. It's just FUN.Biggest drawback on this game currently - Survival servers are more or less crowded with bases, especially near large towns making it very difficult to travel freely without being killed unless you sneak into the towns at night.I recommend this game to anyone who likes these type of games, it's the best one out currently, and it costs less than Day Z, which is way buggier, and not as fun as H1Z1. Buy this game and have fun. Seriously."
,Not Recommended,295110,29597187,Posted: 30 January,all,h00rse,"WHAT KIND OF ♥♥♥♥ING FIREAXE THAT IS FLOATING? SUPERGLUED? ♥♥♥♥ING WOW.  NICE TERRIAN, LOOKS LIKE♥♥♥♥♥♥________________$$$$______________$$____$$______________$$____$$______________$$____$$______________$$____$$______________$$____$$__________$$$$$$____$$$$$$________$$____$$____$$____$$$$________$$____$$____$$____$$__$$$$$$$$__$$____$$____$$____$$____$$$$____$$$$________________$$____$$$$______$$______________________$$__$$____$$______________________$$___$$$__$$______________________$$____$$__________________________$$_____$$$________________________$$______$$______________________$$$_______$$$____________________$$________$$____________________$$_________$$$________________$$$__________$$________________$$__________$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$"
,Recommended,295110,14203702,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,bewpy,"This game is NOT pay2win. Its way better than DayZ, and its only 2 weeks old."
,Recommended,295110,14061475,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,RvL.Hiruma Lagi Carry Senz,"dayz is broken as ♥♥♥♥this is much better,  its pretty much like Rust but more intense and AWESOME community8 out of 10 people i met is friendly and respecting each other (2 bandit is cool)8/10 (visual bug sound bug etc, which is normal for early access)"
76561198009907774,Recommended,295110,14063820,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,[uRxP]5outh3rn,Thanks for making a game for peole that don't mind dying and losing hours of work. I need to feel on edge and vulnerable. Can't tell you the joy i feel making others cry and moan over voip. Just awful and fun at the same time. So if you play cod this wont be for you but to all the O.G.'s i say....... Grit your teeth and bbear the load... Enjoy your ride on thunder road. 9/10
,Recommended,295110,20579191,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,TonicaTheDK,best game :D
,Recommended,295110,18290139,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,SmartyyZ,IF u enjoy to play survival horror games BUY THE GAME!
,Recommended,295110,17896878,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Natural Selection'#,"This game is awsome. You can do almost anything u can think of whith EVERTHING you find. so Scarvange it all. Plus you can potentially meet awesome playeres, like @Xosski, either in game or on message board with people looking for teammates, groups, clans, or just a evening gang up on a local bully. This name of the game is survival and, if you want to survive in this massively insane world or literal backstabings and lies, you NEED to make friends.. So GOOD LUCK.. See ya.. and when I do, You better put your hands up! And give me all of your ammo, Or else.. -.o"
,Recommended,295110,14071471,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,daydreampro,Its actually not bad.... 10/10
,Recommended,295110,14110545,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,ShadowKing,add support for Russian language please. The game is excellent!
,Recommended,295110,14112934,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Lasse | Super-Lars.dk,"Even though people say that they lied to us about the Pay to win thing. This is still the best game of the two popular titles rust and dayz. And I'm going to tell you why now!First thing : People say they lied. Well no they did not, they told us that people would be able to buy a carepackage with some loot. But they also said that noone would really get better or more over powered because of the fact that everyone will be able to kill you! Sure you will get a ar15, but will that give you a greater chance of surviving = No. A  new spawn can go create a bow, and kill you with two arrows :?Second thing: In dayz or rust, you can't really just go upto another player, you have to hide because they may kill you! But in H1Z1 they actually are friendly, all the people I talked to ingame helped me or just talked to me. In dayz/rust you would have been dead the second there stood a unknown player infront of you with a weapon, No questions, just shoot.Third thing: The gameplay gets never boring, even though I only played for 14 hours, I still got bored playing dayz/rust after some hours.In h1z1 new things happens almost every second, New zombies spawn, new bases form, new animals try to kill you. You don't just sit in a wood house in h1z1 like u do in rust.So would I recommend this game? YES I would! You will never get bored in this game! Keep going Sony.!"
,Recommended,295110,14213444,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Sookoll,"Very good game, since they added alot of more loot. Its now fun to play, you get to server when u want. You can go to bigger citys and get guns, backpacks, food etc. Imo its better than dayz, cause dayz updates are so rare, but so far h1z1 have been updated like atleast twice a week...And everybody who says its pay2win, it is kinda, because you can buy airdrop, there's a change to get weapon crate, but anyone can steal it from you too :)  And its not so hard to get guns now...Developers listen players and updates the game like we want to see :)Also, you dont have to run hours like in Dayz to get somekinda place.10/10 i would buy the game again."
,Recommended,295110,14112686,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,bondo.vp,Best game ever!
,Recommended,295110,14153456,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Ryolnir,"I boxed a deer in my first 10 seconds and then later found a BBQ Beef Sandwich in a garbage can.GOTY 2015.UPDATE: I stabbed a man for his blackberries because he got too close to me and was shot to death in a garbage dump. I am now wandering the world, brother in toe, armed to the teeth, ready to shoot all poor unsuspecting new players. I am the law.Still can't find a damn Worn Letter, though."
76561198141632335,Recommended,295110,14109086,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Get Schwifty,addicting af
76561198009104448,Recommended,295110,14056783,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,joniahei,"Easily the best zombie survival game I've played already at this point. Recommend it for everyone who likes the genre. The crafting is really great and the combat is responsive and fun. There's also no P2W in the sense that many probably thinks, all that crap got out of hand. The air drops do not make the game P2W."
,Recommended,295110,14097994,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Nahkiss,"Compared to other multiplayer games of this genre, H1Z1 has been the smoothest experience this far, despite the early access alpha status and the launch weekend problems. The engine is pretty mature, due to the fact it being used on planetside 2 already. Movement, actions, UI are well worked and have a good response and feedback to actions.While the gameplay is obiviously lacking more content and better balancing, you can still find a lot to do. Setting personal goals, like getting a shed build, is fun and challenging. Build-in voip creates good opportunities to form friendships or just plain scare people."
76561198076540986,Recommended,295110,14336197,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Freaky-Deaky,FUN
,Recommended,295110,14103911,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,whostryingtochillandsmokeloud,Killed a group of 5 with a jeep 11/9 would do it again
,Recommended,295110,14136291,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,=rTr= SwampAss,"Pull out your wallet and grab a debit card. Buy this game.Definitely one of my new favorite games. Best in it's genre and has a bright future with Sony developing it. Don't let the trolls lead you away, find out for yourself."
76561198225515484,Not Recommended,295110,21145256,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,banaenaes,"This game is not fun. Not one bit. Not anymore. In BR, So many scrub players being handed kills and wins. This game is junk for skilled players who want to test themselves and their skills legitimately. BattlEye is crap. The hackers and haters are out of control and are outsmarting the Devs and have completely ruined this game. I am a strong player-- smart, strategizing, on target-- all wasted in this game. I don't know who is worse Trolls, the Devs or the players. They are women haters and harassers. They are now calling it King of the Kill. They only have a female so these ""gentlemen"" can punch and murder her, and so they can finally see some boobs. The Devs give leeway to players on their shots but nerf my shots; I shoot them 5 times, they turn and 1 shot me and have hp left. Aimbots, ESP, health hacks. Everytime. Crap loot spawns, people messing with rendering, glitching gunfight win; the LAG; they rewind my gameplay to put me right in their path; can't jump; run slower; land last.  So much BS. I am killed by airstrikes so many times. Cars disappear when I come near them. No one cares. All H1Z1 cares about is their bigtime Twitchers getting them PR, so they give an advantage over others. I spent enough time and money on this.  I know what I'm talking about--I played this game for a while-- 3000 hours--when I was slumming it. CheckTwitch.tv/sugarnspice123. I get so robbed. I'm so done."
,Recommended,295110,14145001,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,rico,"Extremely fun to play with friends, can be glitchy and buggy at times but when you have a good friendly group the fun doesn't stop."
,Recommended,295110,17674155,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Backyard Barbeque Boys,BR! Its the good thing here 10/10 #dontmakethisgamefreebecausealltenyearoldswillbeonitliketf2
76561198131416175,Recommended,295110,14083101,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,ming叶,GOOD ! ~
,Recommended,295110,14091395,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,☛SebTrain☚,"great game with incredibly dedicated devs who listen to the community and fix things asap, even worked on their day off to patch things up, well worth $20"
76561198042251811,Recommended,295110,14141473,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Spaghetti Hallo,If you want to play a survival game where the engine isn't♥♥♥♥♥♥and the devs arent♥♥♥♥♥♥then you are looking at the right title but please do remember the game is in its very early stages but still plays better than most games in the same genre as it.
76561198043453016,Recommended,295110,14148384,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,akmllr,"Wow! About three hours in, and this is far better than the DayZ standalone. It reminds me of a Rust/DayZ hybrid that just works! The engine seems nice. No - on ultra graphic settings it doesn't look too amazing, far from it, but the framerate on a average system would be good, and overall the gameplay is awesome! Another sandbox zombie shooter, yes. But a damn good one."
,Recommended,295110,14149752,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Strad,It's a survival game and surprisingly workable for an Alpha.  If you get frustrated easily don't get this.  If you like a challenge then DO.
,Recommended,295110,16297237,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,DevilJin,"I think i have plenty of hours in this game to prove just cause there are hackers dont mean you cant enjoy the game. Quit your ♥♥♥♥♥ing and find a new server simple as that, hackers will hack and then get banned, just report them and bam they permaban them haxs all day"
,Recommended,295110,16232394,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Fidge,"June 6th: From what I've played/seen so far....Any hackers are banned an dit's broadcasted accross the server in big letters accross the screen, FPS kinda sucks on my $800 computer but low settings its alright ;/ Players have a lot a health and go for everyone so make sure you have a mic to make friends or you will not have fun. If you make friends, have a mic, setup a base, and survive it can be one of the best game sout there :DJuly 7th: I am obsessed with this game now, I immediately shred my clothes and run around with a satchel on my back until I find a backpack. I enjoy meeting new players and building a community while surviving in PVE. Althought there was an update that caused a player/server wipe today which sucked, i already am back into base building now and live in Pleasent valleyAugust 14: This game is alright after some time, It seems as more the updates that come...the more my laptop can't handle this game :/ I really enjoyed it at first, a friend is downloading now o hopefully that excites it a bit more :)"
,Recommended,295110,14082435,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Kudlaty,Good game but in early access!
76561198126352217,Recommended,295110,14091169,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,warrenthetaurusking,love this game.  devs are constently workin on update and can play on my laptop with little lag
76561198106517271,Recommended,295110,14091070,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,TFO | SlugDIbble,awsome game already they are fast at patching the bugs and glitches good work guys
,Not Recommended,295110,19055436,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Archous,"I have very mixed feelings about this game. Overall I like it, HOWEVER, that being said, I am greatly DISAPPOINTED with the developer. It seems they have completely abandoned the non-Battle Royale portion of the game entirely. It seems they only care about the Battle Royale multiple player. It should be an ALARMING RED FLAG when, while in an ALPHA STATE, begins to hold cash prize tournaments. The game is not even finished yet! Further more, they have also been releasing microtransaction items, again, THE GAME IS NOT FINISHED YET. I REALLY wish they would FOCUS ON FINISHING THE GAME in its entirety instead of trying to fish money out of people... or .... again... GIVE IT AWAY IN PRIZE MONEY??? I mean seriously? You pay $20 to have access to an Alpha state game only to see them hand out prize money in a tournament of an unfinished game... WHAT KIND OF LOGIC IS THAT? I damn near want my ♥♥♥♥ing money back. I didn't give them money so they could give it away, I gave them money to help support the early development of the game!It is fun for the first 20 hours of the game, wandering, discovering, learning about the game, but then it just turns out there really is no need for Zombies in the first place. Because the biggest risk is other players who are KoS. I had to abandon the PVP server because I don't know anyone who plays this game, and I surely do not trust anyone. I wanted to experience the game to its fullest (regardless of the pvp portion). I do plan to start again on a PVP server now that I have a better understanding of the game, crafting, loot, etc.But seriously, finish the ♥♥♥♥ing game before you start doing tournaments or designing microtransaction items. There is SO much potential with this game and you as a developer are DELIBERATELY doing nothing about it. Push this game into beta and finish it already. Fix the things that need fixing, we don't need or want more outfits, gun camos, etc. Fix what needs fixing. Add more content, fix the zombies (they're too stupid and too slow, and scarce). Fix the problems with PvP, stop focusing on the Battle Royale. Might as well change the games name from H1Z1 to Battle Royale, because that is all it is."
,Recommended,295110,14071680,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,GENTJZK #immenSe,its good but sometimes I Cant view my inventory ?
76561198041073613,Recommended,295110,14073523,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Sickboy,"With the almost daily updates made to it, I feel this game is heading in a very good direction. The devs, contrary to my initial thoughts, do seem to be listening to player feedback."
76561198121060812,Recommended,295110,15302179,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Alseus,This game is great i just spam battle royale
76561198144089529,Not Recommended,295110,14016454,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,bigmoney069,Not very pleased with this at all was supposed to be free to play. Thats looking like its going to be a pay to win game. Cant even get passed the launcher connecting so Refund it is and move on to something else. Sorry But thats my personal opinion was so hyped and i know its pre alpha call it what you want but on release day server problems and not being able to connect is supposed to be number one priority.
,Recommended,295110,14028125,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,RJ,I enjoy this game very much. I am the Flashlight Fighting Champion. Creating survivor fights under the bridges with no shirts.buy it. screw the crates. if you pay to win you're a ♥♥♥♥♥. play to have fun. i love this game. you will too.RJ-2015
,Recommended,295110,14111817,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,errational,"I spawned on a hill near a farmhouse, watched a deer moonwalk across the night sky, then someone shot me in the back of the head. 10/10 WOULD GET SHOT AGAIN"
,Recommended,295110,14122381,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,SNAK THE RIPPER,Great game!
76561197990823576,Recommended,295110,14112831,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,summit1g,"cool game so far, if you want to support the devs then buy the game! :^)"
76561198021633273,Recommended,295110,14110709,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,TAGINDA,"I came across a small town earlier.   As I was entering the town to see what goodies I could swipe, a guy comes running full pelt out of one of the houses and shouts over to me 'Yo stay away from the town, there's a gang who are killing on site there, not kidding man'. I thanked him for the info but thought I'd go check it out anyway, and as I crouched down low inside the first house so as not to be spotted through the windows I could hear various voices of this gang and just as I peeped through one of the windows to  to see a group of players running up and down the main road, the ominous music kicked in.  I kept making my way through the house checking for loot and happened upon a backpack sitting on a table unclaimed.  What a prize!  My heart was racing now, as I had something worth keeping and didn't want to die, and I could still hear that gang and would occasionally check through a window to see them all still hanging out on the main road.After watching them for a while at a window, (at this point they seemed to be shooting arrows at each other)  I suddenly heard a snarling sound and looked round to see a dog approaching the open door, I quickly pulled out my bow and panicking slightly as I might alert them to my whereabouts, if I didn't deal with this dog quickly and quietly.  I drew the bow and thankfully nailed the dog with a headshot.  I quickly checked the window again but nope they were still shooting arrows at each other, phew!  I continued on and managed to pick my way through various houses without  alerting anyone to my presense and damn...  What a rush that was and I still have the backpack!I love this game!"
,Recommended,295110,16757689,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,ScottyBlue,"This is one of my favourite games, It gets better and better after each update. I Have made alot of new friends playing this game also on my travels around the map.It does take time to get a hang of it all but Hang in there you won't regret it."
76561198130663094,Not Recommended,295110,18375335,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Im Just Fat skinhub.com,"I have only played this game for a short period of time, and when I did I had fun with it. So I stop playing for a while and a couple months later there are a few updates, I have a pc upgrade and all of these other things. Im sitting with my friend and I try to log in, and what do you know?? There is no way I can play the game because I aparently do not have the daybreak acount I had when I downloaded the game originally. It wont let me make a new one, and I have tried to recover the ""station account"" multiple times but I have failed. This game is seriously broken and I feel I was just robbed of my 20 dollars. Im not going to make another acount just to play the game. SO LOOK OUT ANY NEW PLAYERS!! REMEMBER THE ACOUNT YOU FIRST LOG IN AS, OTHERWISE YOUR GOING TO BE ROBBED OF YOUR MONEY!"
,Recommended,295110,14454377,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,^Smiley,"Shred up my pants and my t-shirt, and created a sack with 300 space. Then created a bow, and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s of arrows. Went into a city, headshot a dude with full gear (AR15, bullets, motorcykle helmet, milli backpack), built a base, won the game. 10/10."
,Recommended,295110,19924862,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Ice,"If you are buying this game because of the survival part, start digging your own grave... But if you are buying this for the awesome battle royale then you should grab a coke and get that 1# position.Pros:+ Great interfaces+ Has vehicles+ Great multiplayer+ Battle RoyaleCons:- Bad survival- Glitches (like alot of other games- Hackers/CheatersSummaryWinner winner chicken dinner!"
76561198023441694,Recommended,295110,14247516,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Singlemum95,Punched a bear in the face.10/10
,Recommended,295110,14342452,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,GGebruiker,"Awesome game if you are into zombie survival games. Updates very often, keep up the good work!"
,Recommended,295110,14402017,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,YATT3,"The game itself is really neat and there is a lot of fun.But some of stupid people are hacking to stultify this game.Only moment that I think ""THIS GAME SUCKS"" are get killed by a hacker :/I hope the developer going to make an Anti-Cheat system or something like that...SORRY FOR BAD ENGLISH BTW xD"
,Not Recommended,295110,14518010,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,squint,"A♥♥♥♥♥♥game riddled with hackers because Sony is too concerned about money to fix the problems with people hacking in every server, even though cheating should be top priority when it comes to game development."
,Recommended,295110,14095656,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Trunk,"This game already shows a lot of potential! Most people complain about the problems with loot or the overpopulated servers - but those are all things that can be fixed in the near future. Dont forget its an alpha, of course its full of bugs and crashes!Its no way near P2W right now by the way."
76561197966688099,Recommended,295110,14074669,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,VooDoo,Great conceptLoads of improvements since day 1Enjoyable on PvE and PvP servers IMOObvious things needs adjustmentsI like the path this game is taking9/10
,Recommended,295110,14043534,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Shiro,Had a bumpy launch to say the least but is showing great potentional and getting quick fixes and updates.
,Recommended,295110,14027016,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,QWERTY,I have been playing this game now for almost 10 hours and i have to admit that this is one of the best alpha state games of any kind i have ever played. do not listen to thos little flamer kids here they are eighther hardcore dayz fans or dunno how to play this game right. they all have like 1 hour playtime and say this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥but they just say it cause h1z1 is a little bit harder than dayz. this game is definetley worth ur 20 euros and i would suggest you to give it a try but if u dont than wait for the free 2 play release. AND THE PAY2WIN ISN'T BAD AT ALL I HAVEN'T SEEN ANY EFFECT OF IT YET. u have to look at it like this: when u meet someone who wasted his money on crates and airdrops instead on reallife stuff it is the same as if you would meet a fully geared player who got everything by just looting. so where is the differnece of those 2 full geared players?
,Recommended,295110,14068806,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Ryukenwulf,"Thoroughly enjoying it...not much else to say, think people are exaggerating the P2W aspect completely, but thats to be expected from the gaming community in these current times"
76561198011789036,Recommended,295110,14073233,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Put Me In Coach,"This game is probably more fruserating than day z, but I love it. With the ability to craft items, such as bows, hatchets, and more it lets any newly spawned player get some advatage over the ones that are geared up. Also with the crafting system, it allows players to survive in the wilderness and take less risk, rather than going inot a highly populated area. When it comes to the way the game runs, it can use some improvement. The one thing that slightly bothers me is that when hitting a zombie, or player sometime the hits do take a few seconds to register. As for the airdrops, I have not called one in, but when one is inbound the only thing you can her is the loud humming of the plane overhead. The best thing about this game has to be playing with friends, you can survive as a friendly group, or as a band of mauraders planning to kill the poor sap that may only have enough food to survive. Over all I have to say even though this game will eventually go free to play, the $20 I spent for early access was worth it."
,Not Recommended,295110,14012030,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,☢Gladius☢ 👌👽,"The game has potential but right now it's a mess. Literally a mess.Laggy players, slow interaction, server lag etcI suggest waiting a bit.It's a PVP mess with no loot and the only good weapon is a branch."
76561198011368922,Recommended,295110,14044387,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Brian,No Idea its two days into alpha it seems good so far... what do you want from me!
,Not Recommended,295110,14005599,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,PLAYERUNKNOWN,After the game launches it just leaves me on the main menu screen with no options to press just a backround of a guy with an axe and approaching zombies..  -2/10 save your money
,Recommended,295110,14053042,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Sebwellz | LAPS,good game
,Not Recommended,295110,14011060,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Bum Sex Broccoli,Sony better get their♥♥♥♥♥♥together before the North Koreans do
,Recommended,295110,14026773,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Blizzk,It Is Enjoyable in many waysBest Zombie Survival Game yet!!!!!\~Blizzk_AU
76561198000866392,Recommended,295110,14040263,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Golden,"Great game, one you have been waiting for if your a die-hard ZS-gamer. note its early alpha, so your not buying a complete game, but you get to influence the game with feedback!"
,Recommended,295110,14069067,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Frostbite,You dont make an awsome game like H1Z1 free to play.!? Lol. Somewhere along the line its going cost money surely..?? i mean we all afto make our money somehow right??..Love the game anyways 10/10
,Not Recommended,295110,14004039,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,iamzeroedin,Didn't release on time Game will not log in. Most popular discussion forum for people asking for money.13/10
,Recommended,295110,14073142,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Xeano,"First five minutes of the game, i was running around and found a group of people, who helped me out and showed me how to make a bow, then for the next few hourse we went around and gathered up about 12 or so people and we were all running around helping and saving people. It was amazing. I am enjoying the game so far!"
76561198024141258,Recommended,295110,14073256,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Stormtrooper,"Okay so I've played this game for a few days now. Here are my intial thoughts. Before you read too much into this you have to realize this is not a finished game. To make a snap judgement on the game based on reviews done by people that haven't played more than thirty minutes is rediculous. Now with that out of the way we can get into it.This is a zombie survival game with optional pvp elements. By optional I mean you can choose to play on a pvp server or a pve server as well as taking park in battle royale (with cheese) special events. I have yet to do the battle royale so I won't say anymore about that.Now I know a lot of the community has been in an uproar about the microtransaction thing. Honestly, it's not needed. with my purchase of the game for $19.99 I was given 3 event tickets, 2 crates, and 1 key. And I have used none of them. Once I had a grasp of the mechanics of the game and mainly the crafting aspect I was good to go. I have found a place to set up my ""basecamp"" a little stone walled location with a gate that is open, a fire pit outside, a fire pit inside, about 10 animal traps, and a well. Really I could just stay there and start selling my cooked rabbit meat if I wanted too.This game is like the illigitimate love child of ""Rust"" an ""DayZ"". If you like either of them you should like this game. It is NOT p2w. Not even close. In fact in the few airdrops I've seen called in I've not seen a single person using a firearm. I have a pistol with ammo that I have looted. I also have a bow and an endless supply of arrows.Now for the bad and this is solely based on the ""new game smell"" that is here. The servers are very populated. This doesn't effect latency at all. There can be a queue time to get in. My longest starting queue time was 15min took about 5 to get in. Whatever, no big deal. The problem with the high population is that everything is looted so quickly it's very hard to scavange. I've had one axe, which broke. I have yet to find another or anything even remotely bladed. This makes the game a bit more difficult. But do able. Just annoying. I don't have a solution for this besides wait for people to get tired of the game and stop playing. If you increase the loot spawn rate it'll take away from the survival aspect of the game."
76561198056093453,Recommended,295110,14063827,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,PR4Life,"Hey im looking for players to survive with, tired of being ganked. trying to have some fun"
78787899564823434,Recommended,295110,19232006,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Ozymandias(LFT),"Trust no one - even your ♥♥♥♥ing friends! KILL EM ALL!!!! hahaha love this game to bits - fun, happy and sad - angry times. Mixed emotions with BR! gg wp"
76561198079447101,Not Recommended,295110,14018093,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Friggin' Buddy,"This game is p2w thats being taken care of, If you say this game is p2w your a ♥♥♥♥ing idiot in my eyes because you dont have the idea of even checking what there plan is. Although the game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Launches like this happen with all games. But not this ♥♥♥♥ing bad theres always 1 or 2 issues. This? Jesus this has so many ♥♥♥♥ing issues I cant even count them all! First the launcher doesent start: Fixed, Then you cant click play: Fixed, Then theres an error proccesing your request to hit play!: Fixed, Then you game freezes on the loading screen after hitting play: Not Fixed, Then the servers dont load: Fixed, Then theres not enough servers: Not Fixed, So all in all if by some miracle your game does work have fun sitting in a ♥♥♥♥ing que for 4 hours. ♥♥♥♥ this game, Its a scam and honestly with the stupidty in the design so far I doubt it will even fulfill its promises I want my ♥♥♥♥ing money back. I have almost lost all intrest in this game, I was so hyped for it. Now I wish it never exsisted. ♥♥♥♥ you SOE"
,Not Recommended,295110,19401192,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Crass,"Please don't waste your money on this game, there are much better options out there. DayZ, Rust, Ark, 7 Days to Die, and others are more worth your time and money. The game was originally being developed by Sony Online Entertainment, which tank and sold the rights and studio to a Russian venture capitalist. They've essentially stopped developing the Survial aspect of the game, and have instead focused on the pay-to-win Battle Royale mode instead, which is essentially a ""Hunger Games"" style deathmatch mode. Hackers are also very prevalent, and they havent been able to do much to prevent abuse."
76561198004532295,Recommended,295110,14025718,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,JayJay:c,Pressed F6. Started to twerk.10/10 would twerk again.
76561198102730879,Not Recommended,295110,14004437,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Gruesome Puglet,"PLEASE READ ALSO THE UPDATE BELOW:After few hours of delay (due to some server issues) purchased the game at launch and... never played it :) lolCan't even set up an account but wait... I can't set up online SOE account as it doesn't even let me to pick my country which is UK. Is it US exclusive? lolVery bad Project Management at SOE. Company totally unpreapred. It's just a disaster. Don't even bother buying it at the moment. Wait till they fix the servers. I can only imagine the scenario: they just send Windows admins to set up Linux servers LOLIf this is the case they will finish fixing the servers next month till then just buy CitiesXXL...UPDATE 22/1/2015:It seems that I was a bit too harsh but at the time I was writing my review it was exactly how I wrote it and please don't fall in som fanboys c...ap.Devs addressed most of the issues (server wise) as for the game it's getting a little bit better but don't get me wrong it is still BIG NO NO if it comes to throwing your money on it. I did just that and my review is here to help you, not to put you away completely. It's not my intention to smack this game completely and as you can see Am playing it regularly.At the end of the day you will have to make your decision on your own but I recommend to hold on you won't miss anything at all as with the time the game will can only be better (doesn't it?).People who says this game is already perfect or even great are just fanboys and please stay away from them!Remember only constructive critics make application better. People who pat devs on the shoulder only are the worst.So at the moment we have a little bit more loot which is plased where it should be. The character dahydration/starvation issue was fixed. It's no problem to join the servers most of the times for most people but as far as I know few people are unable to join any servers at all since day one.I still encoutered G28 and G29 bugs few times.In game at the time of writing a lot of bugs and animation glitches mostly with zombies, wolfs and bears.Graphics are a bit broken at the moment but Am expecting they will fix it soon as the development on this games go pretty fast and me doing HND Software Development and Web Development in the past I know exactly how hard this work is.As for p2w issue yes it is still implemented in this game and YES IT IS PAY TO WIN GAME...end of story!Any thing in game that you pay for which can give an advantage over other players is PAY TO WIN and please don't listen to the people who trying justify it.Even if you pay for the event which is inafamous ""Air Drop"" in this case and you won't win the event by claming the stuff due to somebody stilled this from you as he was first on spot or just killed you an took the stuff it is still p2w as even if you don't have an advantage over other, that person has!And yeas there are weapons in almost all Air Drops which you can check as the evidence is all over the You Tube.My opinion is: NO WEAPONS at all in air drops! Will never change my view on this issue otherwise. Till then it will always be P2W."
76561198018807871,Not Recommended,295110,15776173,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Lion Pea,"H1Z1 is garbage, save your money.  The game is setup as a pure pay-to-win platform. If you want to waste cash this game might be just what you are looking for. In addition to being a total waste of time and money they game is a playground for hackers. They are on every server despite the efforts (or lack thereof) of the developers to implement anti-cheat. Another mindless grinder that the hackers own."
,Recommended,295110,16366806,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,keemstar's left testicle,10/10 cant even create an account because all the ♥♥♥♥ing names i found are unavailable
,Not Recommended,295110,14019047,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Innokentij,"Game been out for 20 hours, 19 of them the game has not worked. Also the dev ♥♥♥♥ed playes in the♥♥♥♥♥by making it P2W.  Who charges 20 to 40 USD for a alpha test of a game that is gonna be F2P on top?"
,Not Recommended,295110,14019619,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,ProstheticMunky,I've taken craps that I'd rather play with.
,Not Recommended,295110,20197768,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,doni drako,worst early acces game eversick devs
,Recommended,295110,20279612,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,JamoPak,In 1 week it had more content than what Dayz had in 2 years..
78686767845753443,Recommended,295110,20245879,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,✯☆✯☆,"I'll be giving a thumbs up because i like battle royal but i must say, this game is bipolar. It works when it wants to, so if you buy it, keep in mind that you're paying for a game that doesn't work on your demand. And if you're buying it for the open world survival mode like in DayZ... Don't even unless you like the idea of ghost town simulator but if battle royal is the reason, you'll pretty much end up in a lobby all the time with everyone chanting/screaming ""CHINA NUMBER 1""."
,Not Recommended,295110,21290370,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,841chang,Horrible dev team.. They made TWO DIFFERENT UNFINISHED BUGGY GAMES and at this point it looks like this game is never going to be finished
76561198009713855,Not Recommended,295110,15346383,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,cartrage,"I understand that this is an early access game, and I have several other early access games.. But this game is by far the buggiest pile of garbage available on the steam store. The controls are super akward, and even more so in vehicles.Your movement continues for a good second and a half after you release the keys, and collecting items takes 3-4 tries.Seriously, this is the worst game I've ever played. If there was a ""Hell No"" button under the ""Do you recomment this game?"" question, I would click it until my mouse fell apart."
76561198131747315,Not Recommended,295110,17995694,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,SaltyPringle,Won't even launch 10/10♥♥♥♥ my life
76561198093153293,Not Recommended,295110,34072159,Posted: 6 August,all,Jarbear,Dead game with campers in cities if you can even get in a server with another person in it
,Recommended,295110,19953003,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Naterz,"Very fun, worth the money, better than dayz in my opinion. you will get more fps than in dayz because the engine is smoother. My favorite is battle royale at the moment. dont be intimidated by the negative reviews. There just losers LOL."
,Recommended,295110,14030239,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Savitar,"So far so good, gonna ignore that it's 'P2W' which it's actually notlooting is fun, envoirment creepy and awesome, UI needs some work and we need to be able to cusotmize the controls!gun sounds are top notch so are models and textures which is always nice, it is early access and i'm sure they will add more stuffand fix more bugs better then dayz i mean it is sony after all"
76561198193930426,Not Recommended,295110,34753698,Posted: 5 September,all,Pewburty35,This game is ruined from the new map
,Not Recommended,295110,17417482,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Meow Zedong,"It's a fun game to play with friends, especialy on survival, but when it comes to battle royale your frames go to♥♥♥♥♥♥ If someone charges at you with a gun in battle royale your frames take a massive hit and in 5 seconds your dead, and even when i shhot a gun a 60 fps it drops to 10 so i can't kill anyone, but the most annoying part of battle royale is when you are parachuting in and you hit the ground too hard and you glitch through the gtound and you die so it was a waste of time joining that game. I might give this a better review of the fix a lot of stuff but i don't see that happening any time soon."
,Not Recommended,295110,29976807,Posted: 16 February,all,CyberSpaceCowboy,This game is trash. I wish i could refund
,Recommended,295110,18062956,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,❤ Sugarina,"I love this game. The last game that gripped me like this was Everquest, way back in 2000.The landscape is beautifully done - the sunrises/sunsets, the night sky, the trees, hill, mountains, rivers. lakes, etc...I found a great community and have met some wonderful people. Maybe I was lucky, maybe the community isn't so great on a PVP server, unless you meet a good group of folk to play with and help each other.I play survival PVE, although there is also survival PVP and Battle Royale (last man standing) modes that cater to different tastes.I would like to see roleplay servers when the game is officially released too.The fact that you can wander around the world, pick a spot you like and just build your base right there is awesome.There is SO much potential for the developers of H1Z1, I'm really looking forward to what they bring in next.I'm hoping for a lot more crafting recipes, building designs, world events, tougher creatures to tackle together, bigger map, more skins...I read negative reviews with self-entitled people whining,  but  when I bought this game, I was aware there would be bugs etc, but I didn't mind. I'd rather play Hizzy, along with it's bugs and see them getting fixed as it develops than not play Hizzy at all. I got exactly what I paid for, an early-access game that WILL have character wipes and bugs.They made that clear before I bought the game. Yes, it can be annoying,  but for the enjoyment I have had playing, it's still been worth it.There are improvements that could be made, of course, but I believe it will only get better and better.If you want a finished, polished, optimised game, buy something else - but If you are willing to buy a game and watch it's progress, through the rough pre-beta early days with bugs, character/server wipes and all -  I would highly recommend buying this amazing game.This game IS early access - however - I feel even if I stopped playing tomorrow, I have already had my money's worth."
76561198038938067,Recommended,295110,14137114,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Soviet,"Honestly I enjoy it,The loot problem has gotten better, I am finding stuff, crafting items and so on. For sure I would reccomend this game."
76561198163684278,Recommended,295110,14138286,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Cattywampus,"It is a great game, their are bugs but the game devs are right on top of them. The game devs work fast and hard to try to fix the game. All so this game has a great community."
76561198087984351,Recommended,295110,14151002,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,PLZ GO BACK TO JB SELENA!,"My 50 hour review:8/10Yes, I would recommend the game. No, I wouldn't recommend it to all players. It's what you'd expect from a survival game. Work work work and die die die.5/10 Customer Relations:As it sits right now I'm astonishingly disappointed with the developers. They keep saying they're going to fix things and the patch is released; everyone gets excited and then come to find out that stuff is still very and honestly broken. I have sent numerous tweets to them asking the real questions, and they keep tweeting to idiots who are asking questions like ""Is this in Alpha right now?"" ""Is your game pay to win?"". I find it funny how I ask very real and very concerned questions and never get answered but these goons do. Whatever. I'm mostly disappointed with how they keep getting our hopes up about these patches and keep crushing them after we realize that nothing really was fixed. Remember though, this is alpha, and patches will be constantly rolled out and the game will have numerous bugs and it is OUR JOB to report these and help them create a masterpiece (yeah, you paid YOUR money to work for them. YOU PAID to work for them. Funny isn't it?). That last sentence was mostly my attempt at being funny. I absolutely support early access and love that I get to be a part of creating the game.9/10 Graphics:I have a very beefy computer and can run any of today's games at whatever settings I desire. I'm not saying this game is beautiful, (It sort of is though) but I am saying that it's a SOLID engine and out-performs DayZ, Breaking Point, WarZ, Nether, you name it. You can have a pretty BAD computer and still be able to push framerates on this game. The view distance, sun shafts, shadows (very very nice shadows) and overall home-detail/forest detail/city detail is refreshing. I only have 2 complaints when it comes to graphics... First, the color and deepness of color seems a little washed out. Nothing Nvidia settings can't fix though. Lastly, the character models at about 100 yards turn into Windows 1995 square blocky/blacked out odd shaped beings that run at what looks like 3 FPS. You'll have no idea what I mean until you play it. In reality, though, it's truly no big deal.9/10 Crafting System and Crafting Materials:The crafting, the discovery of crafting recipes, the time you have to wait for things to craft, and the ability to ""snap"" buildings overall makes for a great crafting experience. It's almost just as exciting to discover new recipes as it is to build them. There are lots of different things to make and as the game ages there will just be more and more to discover. I mean, heck, you can make a light out of some old jeep headlights and a battery. Super weird right? The only reason I give it a 9/10 and not a perfect score is simply because there are some design decisions that I don't agree with. You can make a perfect looking grill like you just bought it from Home Depot, but you can't turn metal bars BACK into salvage metal. Whatever. It'll be polished out in the future. Overall a fun, interesting, and not-too-boring crafting system.10/10 Weapons and Weapon Rarity:As it sits right now (January 24th, 2015) the ammo and weapon rarity is PERFECT. If you have 30 bullets on you, you're pretty much LOADED. Most of the time you'll see people fist fighting or shooting arrows at each other. When you hear gunshots, you RUN. That's how it should be. As far as gun modeling and sounds, it's great, which should be expected considering this engine is the very same that runs Planetside 2. In survival games I prefer them to be a bit more survivaly and less... Call of Duty Team Deathmatch...y? So it sits wonderfully right now. Oh and there are plenty of different melee weapons to brutally beat people's heads in with, did I forget to mention that part?9/10 Core Game Mechanics and Character Animations/MovementThey're just overall very smooth and a good experience. It's not clunky feeling like Arma, and it's not too arcade-esque like Call of Duty. You simply don't even think about your character movements because they feel really good and natural. The run speed is good. The stamina is PERFECT. This is not Arma where you run for 15 yards and are stroking out and dying. You can run a good solid kilometer or maybe even 2 before your guy needs to take a break, and by that time, you're likely a little bit hungry.Meaning you can regain your stamina and stuff your face with some berries at the same time. Super super good and not-so-frustrating system. Oh and yes there is proximity chat and NO there is NOT A SIDE CHAT THANK GOD.Jumping feels good. Hill climbing feels good. Fall damage is a little odd sometimes but overall good. Player-to-player interaction feels good and melee combat is absolutely BRUTAL! You can easily escape from others, but if you're not quick on your toes, you'll be a bloody soup on the pavement in no time. Only reason I didn't give it a perfect score is because there are a few bugs that, yet again, I haven't heard from any of the devs that they're working on. Your character will get stuck walking backwards and you will literally die many times to the bug, yet... No word from the devs. Regardless, it will soon be fixed I'm sure and a couple other minor things as well and this will be a 10/10 no problem.11/10World Size and City/Building/Suburb detail:Like I said before they did a wonderful job with the world. As it sits right now, it's already a bit of a chore to get from one side of the map to the other, but it's not so bad if you just book it straight across. The map will continue to grow and I welcome that. I mostly made this section because I really want to reiterate just how DEEP you can go in this game. Literally no building is locked up. Every. Single. Building. In the game has multiple rooms, all with their own individual loot and blueprint. Dressers, cabinets, computer desks, fridges, cars, dumpsters, grills, shelves, TV stands, campsites, cities, farms, suburbs, shacks, garages, EVERYTHING is lootable! It's insane!?/10 Zombies:I can't truly give them a score yet. As the alpha sits right now they haven't tuned zombies nor have they really told us exactly how they want the zombies to be in the final build. Right now, they're sort of just ""there"". If you see one you can kill it. If it chases you, just shoot it in the head with an arrow or hack it down with a machete. Pretty cut-and-dry as it stands right now. If I remember correctly, however, I think the devs want more zombies in the future, want them to be more aggressive, and more of an overall threat than any other zombie survival out there.Here's where it gets interesting. From 50 hours of gameplay. Do I think this game is pay to win, or not?Absolutely 100% no way is this game truly pay to win. Can you pay for an airdrop and chance getting guns? Yes. Does it happen often? No. You'll pay your 5 bucks. You'll call in the crate and you will, within a minute or two, have 14 people (geared or fresh spawn) beating the living♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you. When the crate hits the ground it explodes and aggressive zombies come pouring out of it. If you somehow manage to get all of that out of the way and safely get to your crate, you might end up just getting a bow, a lighter, and a tee-shirt. You are absolutely 100% not guaranteed to get anything in particular. I am totally down with the current system in place and I see it more of a ""Pay to lose, free to win"" sort of game. You paid for that and when I kill you, you'll just be that much more salty about it. Love it!Lastly, how does this game stack up against all the other big names in the genre (DayZ, Breaking Point, Nether, Epoch, etc)?Well actually I wrote a bunch of stuff here but steam is cutting me off here in a couple sentences. Basically, if you're a fan of DayZ or any of the like, you'll definitely be a fan of this game and you will absolutely not regret buying early access.-BadContrakt"
,Recommended,295110,14016772,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Mongosorbet,I DONT KNOW THE GAME YET OMG SEEMS AWESOME GOT TO PLAY 11/10 SUCH WOW OMG YES VERYGOOD APPROVED
,Recommended,295110,14065511,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,GeneralJeremiah,"Ive played this game quite a bit since it came out,  I have managed to figure out all the basics and even some of the more endgame type gameplay.  It's great SONY online entertainment makes huge strides everyday to make this game better it is the most playable/complete early release games i have ever played.  It is going to be free once the EA is over but for $20.00 your money will be well spent on this game.  The Hype is slowing down now and the servers have manageable ammounts of players in them now there is still the occasional 10 minute long queue at the most popular time of day.  They have taken alot of things into account and the teams doing great.  This game is better than DayZ standalone."
76561198087996378,Recommended,295110,14346420,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Seal Team 6.5,"After what seemed of hours of wandering in a forest, salvation appears... A large mansion on a hill with an open garage next to it. As I was dying to get some food, I carefully made my way over the barbed wire that covered the entrance of the house. I scavenged around and found a variety of things that could help in the brutal world that lay before me. However, as I scavenged the basement, I could hear faint footsteps. They seemed to get closer and closer until a man wandered down the stairs and saw me. I had no choice but to charge him with my combat knife, screaming ""ALLAH HU AKBAR"" multiple times. The man escaped before I could finish him off. Soon after, I begin to wait for a comrade who planned to meet with me at the house. But it wasn't over yet..... Before my comrade was able to get to the house, I could hear the floor creak over my head. Then, down the stairs came a familiar face..... It was the man I attacked earlier. He was in a crouched position and holding a machete. As he first laid eyes on me he lunged at my taking a swing. I jumped to the side and hammered down on his neck with my own machete letting out a heroic cry of ""ALLAH HU AKBAR"". He was unable to fight back and soon enough, his lifeless body fell with a big thump. The rest of the night was long. Having flashbacks about my horiffic encounters. As I sat on the bed on the third floor, a figure appears on the darkened horizon. It was my comrade, who was able to navigate towards me. We said our hellos and talked about our future plans. We were heading to the city. After the night, we packed up and headed for the big city. On the way, we picked up another comrade, but had to leave him behind in our travels. Soon enough, we stood at the doorstep of one of the well known towns in the county, Pleasant Valley. A not so fitting name if you would've asked me. We carefully walked through the desolite town. As we passed the police station, my comrade told me about stories of bloodshed over what lay inside of the police station. So we decided it would be best if we left it in peace. We checked a good amount of apartment buildings, but nothing really good to use except for a good amount of canned food. We then decided to go to the supermarket.... nothing. All seemed to be a bust until we gazed across the parking lot and saw a car that looked like it was in good condition. It was painted black, had a lightbar on top, and displayed the word POLICE on the side. We were excited for our newfound discovery, only to find out that the spark plugs were missing. However, another miracle occured. A mint condition jeep with all the parts still intact was parked behind the super market. We grabbed all of the parts and hurried back to the police cruiser. We put all the parts in place, got in, and crossed our fingers. Alas, we were welcomed by the roar of the engine. We celebrated our acheivement of finding new transportation and decided to stop at one last apartment building. My comrade decided to stay and guard the car as I looted the apartments. I felt like the luckiest man in the world when I picked up a hunting rifle that lay on the table of a living room. As I made my way to the top. I stopped in my tracks at an instant. Two men on the roof of the building across from us, wearing helmets, and looking beefy with supplies. I decided not to chance the situation and ran back to the car. We rushed to get the car started and take off. As we backed out of our spot, a bullet bounced off the police cruiser. I put my foot hard on the gas and drove like hell. We finally drove far enough to be out of sight from our attackers. But something was wrong..... We passed a man with a pisol who unloaded at our car which was now smoking. As we kept on driving, he appeared again behind us. The man then started to fly behind us, unleashing storm of bullets. His name was also in some kind of incomprihensable language..... Korean. All we could do was watch in horror as this abonination of nature mowed us down. We soon exploded and our adventure was put to an abrupt halt. 11/10 would kill Koreans again."
,Recommended,295110,14358564,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,♚Kunshiro♚,"This game is great! Its super fun and I have already played many hours of the game. Since its still in alpha it will have some bugs, but other than that this game is the absolute BEST."
,Not Recommended,295110,30414485,Posted: 9 March,all,Daddy Weed 420blzeit,"DayBreak as a company are a fecking joke, this game is awful."
,Recommended,295110,14078203,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,metropx,"People threw fits because they felt that fully contested supply drops from slow moving planes = pay 2 win.  The same players don't care that you can spend money to buy PLEX in EVE and then buy a fully skilled character as well as top ships and modules (they love that game (and so do I)), but the fact that $5 get you an H1Z1 airdrop that is contested by everyone within hundreds of meters and has a 10% chance of containing a weapon (that you lose when you die) is basically the travesty of the century.This game has hit the very nice balance between 'easy to survive' and 'tedious to survive'.  I find myself constantly challenged, but never annoyed.  I can always hoof it into the woods and pick berries to quench my thirst and hunger, but the cans of soup and chicken hidden away in the office building cafeterias are much more enticing.Zombies are a pain, but not certain death.  You can easily side step them and headshot them with your low level bow and arrow.  It's not like fish in a barrel, but if 2-3 zombies are between you and your goal, you'll go for it.  Exactly how it should be.I found a note on a zombie, it's a message to a loved one; directions to his supply stash.  I now have a quest, a purpose, and a reason to gear up for my coming journey out east.  I am going to to search for William's loot, and don't bother trying to stop me!Tons of crafting, and you can do much of it with items you can find in the forest.  You really can just live out in the wilderness if you like, but the interesting stuff is often hidden away in the towns.  That said, with just the forest, you can have enough for a club in seconds, then find a zombie and steal his cloth, combine that with some wood and get a bow.  Make some arrows out of sticks, start killing zombies with headshots, now you're on your way!This game is awesome, but don't play it.  I want the loot for myself."
,Recommended,295110,14055412,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,S-H-A-W-R-Y,Crashed into a animal trap and died. 10/10
76561198067394741,Not Recommended,295110,15945033,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,YvesSaintTrill,"Its a super fun game IF you manage to find your friends on the map by way of trial and error. There are currently so many hackers that i cant play anymore so i stopped, if they fixed it though itll be great. oh btw looks like♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198080725512,Not Recommended,295110,16021165,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Captain Jack Sparrow,"This game is actually ♥♥♥♥ing cancer. If you can ever get into the game without getting stuck in a loading screen, you get killed within 10 minutes by hackers. This game is severely broken, even if it is an alpha"
,Not Recommended,295110,15959384,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Azad,"WARNING! Do NOT buy this game! H1Z1 is utter GARBAGE. This game is a pay to HACK paradise. If you do not buy a hacking program you will not be able to accomplish anything in this game. Disregard anything Daybreak says about banning players that buy hacking software, because they do NOT ban any hackers at all. Save your $20, what a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game. BAD GAME has so many bugs/glitches that I can not list them here. If you decide to pay $20 for this JUNK I recommend purchasing TMCheats or other hacking software, so that you are on equal ground in this PATHETIC EXCUSE for a game."
,Recommended,295110,14057185,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,RIP my DBD Progression,"So far on day 3 of the release of EA (Early Access), it is a lot of fun.You can search through everything, a little hard to come by canned food (but as expected in a high pop server), and having to actually hunt for your food is really cool, but watch out for those damn bears, those are fast and mean as hell.But, back to my point even though I am not sure I have 1..Oh yeah..It is a really fun game, I DO reccomend this game to my friends, survival players or not.And to those who say ""Pay to Win (P2W)"", honestly do the rest of the community a favor... shut up. Yes you pay for a 'chance' at some loot, sometimes it is just farming supplies, it is more for the event, fun and excitement.One last thing, Have fun guys and girls."
76561198022433951,Recommended,295110,14044287,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Black Raven,"First off the game got off to bad launch, server/login issues which has since been mostly fixed already, and certain bugs with Air Drops started a craze of people yelling and screaming p2w, but its not, far from it, in truth its pay to lose in respect, paying for airdrop creates a server wide event and anyone is welcome, the drops are literally king of hill death matches so chances of you getting what you paid for is slim to none, in addition SOE are not cash grabbing, they offerd no questions asked refund to anyone who wanted it, but to be honest, anyone who took up that offer are losing out on a already fast evolving game.Would I recommend this game?Yes certainly, especially if your a DayZ fan, even at this stage of early development the game runs pretty well, they are bugs and glitches as expected in Alpha, but they mostly hard to spot, but the most important reason I reccomend this game is down to one simple fact, Devs are activly listening to the feedback and responding quickly, already some the biggest 'complaints' by players have been fixed and resolved in under 3 days since release. And if Planetside 2 is anything to go by they will be CONSTANTLY tweaking, updating and adding new content even long after release whenever that may be.Ultimately, the game will be Free to Play when its officially released, so if you have any doubts, wait till release and give it a try, you have nothing to lose.Update 01/02/2015: - As expected they been average of 2-3 patchs per week so far, and a great deal has improved in short space of time."
,Recommended,295110,14072638,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Sam,"EDIT: After having this game for a good while now and playing it whenever a fun new update arrives, which is frequently, I am really enjoying it! The battle royale gives me my PVP action in an easy to do and fun format, and the PVE, or PVP survival is awesome. Its still alpha, or early access but its a really, really good product for 20$4/10 IGN - Too many updates.Okay, after playing this game for a while I have come to like it. Its easily addicting if you can manage to go through the somewhat boring parts. Theres a decent amount of running involved until you get to a main town. Theres 3 main towns. Pleasent Valley has a police station, cars, and lots of houses. Houses provide a steady amount of loot but that will change and become more. After only two runs through the housing you can EASILY find ammo, guns, knifes, machetes, water, and clothing which is important. Berries are the source of life in this game, although you can kill deer and bunnies. This is simillar to Day Z, BUT it has less lag errors, better FPS, cars, better UI, and gets steady u[pdates. I'm glad I bought it on day 1, even if it had bugs. Watch a tutorial or two and you'll be golden. :) Sony is doing okay with this so far."
,Recommended,295110,15860027,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Scalf,Awesome ! ! !
,Recommended,295110,14064281,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,13th |UKCS|,"I was running along and I saw someone else running as well. They didn't attack me so I decided to stick with them for a little while as we both looked around a store for anything to loot.We found nothing, so I decided to attack them and take whatever they had. Found they had a bow, arrows, guaze, cloth and plenty of blackberries.Now I'm worried about someone attacking me and taking all my stuff. Might just have to kill other people to make sure that they don't"
76561198020100648,Recommended,295110,14051177,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Tidus,"Good survival game, still needs some work but that's why it's early access, If you don't feel like suporting this game in his build don't buy it and wait until it's finished (official release).You will crash, you will have problems and glitches/bugs.The idea is good and the way you have to survive by crafting stuff is amazing.Not only you have food shortage you also of a huge zombie problem.Try staying alive alone or by cooping.I find this game already better then Infestation Survivor stories (War Z).I have that game and I played also from the very start when it was buggy.And these Devs already done more work then they did for the community and players.Keep up the work."
,Recommended,295110,14042179,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,NurseJosh,Best ZMMO to date 10/10. Early Access is amazing. I've never seen Devs be on the front line and open as much as H1Z1's team. Best launch of an MMO to date.
76561198128840238,Not Recommended,295110,25759182,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,YouBer,"This was the best game than they ♥♥♥♥ed it up no good anymore....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\..H1Z1"
,Recommended,295110,14068156,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,OhMyJays!,"Some call it the DayZ Killer, Some say it's a cheap rip off of DayZ I've played for around an hour and watched several live streams of it being played I can say this most definitely is not a DayZ killer as some would call it......Now before you start to downvote me for adding my two cents please read on. This game isn't a DayZ killer because it's an entirely different game. (WHAT? WAIT BUT THERES ZOMBIES AND PVP THO SO SURELY ITS JUST A CLONE) well no I'd disagree there's alot of difference between the two games The loot is of slim pickings, I spent the whole hour almost only being armed with a bow and arrow and died to other players, starvation and thirst. Sure there's those people will argue that it's P2W but frankly the P2W is high risk. Not only are there the zombies which come with it to contend with but also other players who you can bet will turn your airdrop into a clusterf*** I've heard some mention that if there was a squad of guys would make it harder to contend with at airdrop spawns but the same could be said for DayZ if you're looting the airfield or high PVP areas. There's also the crafting and building aspect which brings a cool aspect to the game plus more cars which i care little for as with DayZ however its there for those of you that do care they are there and there's more. There are less bugs, glitches and hackers (which I'm aware DayZ devs are looking to sort out) and overall it feels more of a survivor game than DayZ. Now before the guys who are die hard DayZ fans come and start calling me a sell out and what not or say that I'm probably just a hater of DayZ i have 700+ hours in DayZ and it still remains to be one of my favourite games however H1Z1 may find a place in my heart alongside it in the future and I'll continue to play both. When it comes down to it both games are of equal decency both have good  and bad points but lest we forget, both games are both early development and still have a whole host of features and fixes coming in the future so it's unfair to judge. But if you wan't to buy this then i suggest you do so. if you are unsure then wait till it's free it's worth the money if you're a fan of the genre :D"
76561198071003334,Recommended,295110,14088864,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,[ORC] HateMe!!!,"In my Opinion one of the best Survival Games in Early Access... Fast fixes, Good Engine, No lags, a bunch of Bugs but hey EA... This Game could be MY GAME 2015 !! !! !!I hope these Goddayum Developers keep on going what they do !!! They do a f*king great Job !!!Cant Understand why all the Mad Kids gave some Bad Reviews.I mean look : Wich Game with this kind of Genre is Stable like that ?"
,Recommended,295110,14074505,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Slapyoho,amazing game for it still to be in alpha
,Recommended,295110,14060604,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Dooble,So this game is already less buggy and has more crafting than DayZ. Most of the negative reviews say the game is P2W but honestly it isnt. Also the devs have been working their asses off fixing the craashes and bugs. Riight now i would give this game 8/10 because of how much fun i have been having. One bug that hopefully gets fixed soon is when loading the bow it just wont work and could potentially lead to death. Other than that this EA has lots of potential to be something great!!
76561198010114791,Recommended,295110,16254054,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,LithiumTHC,Best survival game! except for the hackers... just people with no skills.
,Recommended,295110,14035898,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,✔️Horse ebooks,It's aight.
76561198146748037,Not Recommended,295110,25828739,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,WorldHippo75,"Apparently if you fall 6 feet, everything in your inventory is ♥♥♥♥ed.76/10 Realism"
76561198066225087,Recommended,295110,34296486,Posted: 16 August,all,Vashmikov,"I have had the game for awhile and come back here and there. The new update has some cool ideas and some i question abit. I like the safe haven for the starting players, but am not a fan of putting my base on a pre-gen plot. I enjoy finding locations around the map to set up shop where there is little traffic. I also like the currancy system,but water is unavailable to purchase. Better yet they have a camp set up there you should just have food and water obtainable while in the safe zone. So far my return to the game is pretty good and look forward to future updates :)"
76561198007643134,Recommended,295110,34375920,Posted: 20 August,all,Graverobber,"I dont write reviews often but i am going to say a couple things.1. daybreak is starting over with this and I dont blame them.2. the game mechanics are good and sound3. building is better and cool that you can fortify exsisting buildings, and I like the stash4. the map will get bigger it is early access, you ppl forget that5. give the devs a chance to build on it. it will get better, be supportive and offer ideas6. yes the game needs alot of work but they are working on it. not running away7. i will continue to play"
,Recommended,295110,14089196,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Vanta Black,"Well, well..... I stand corrected. While H1Z1 was utter garbage for it's launch a lot has been done to fix the problems. I ran about 2 hours, not a single dip below 70 frames per second. Graphics were completely maxed out. Render distance was 3000, all ran like a dream.To compare it to DayZ is easy. A lot is shared. From the general look of the environment to the encounters you have with people. But thats where the similarities stop. H1Z1 feels more polished and easier to control. I dont feel like I'm going to die from a ladder or stairs. Or when I shut a door an NPC can't come it. Fighting felt more responsive too. The arrow drop is really something, but its not impossible to learn. While this game is FAR from finished I enjoyed my 2 hours with it. I actually met 2 really nice people who showed me the ropes and even called in a couple air drops. (Which didnt really contain anything.) While I really disagree with the Free to Play aspect of this I liked it. I look forward to future updates, there are an average of 2 patches a day right now.So the elephant in the room: DayZ or H1Z1DayZ is an acquired taste and a bitter one at that. While DayZ is the one who started it all, there is a certain shallowness to it. The controls feel wonky (I have around 60 hours in DayZ) and development is moving at a snails pace. While I have enjoyed DayZ a lot I hope to see more depth added to it in the coming months. That being said, DayZ feels more like a game-game, rather than a free to play MMO. But as far as basic accessibility goes, no, not DayZ.H1Z1 has the 'novelty' as the new kid on the block. It runs better than DayZ does and in some cases has better visuals. H1Z1 has a robust crafting system and even rudimentary base building at the time of this writing. While its very early in H1Z1's life I can see it becoming quite a contender for your zombie apocalypse fill. That being said, I fear that the Free 2 Play model will bring the community to its knees. In my two hours of play I ran into a pretty awful griefer. Granted I was in a PvE server to learn the game, but keep in mind there will be a lot of griefers as the game becomes more popular and free.In closing, I think either way you go just do your research on the two. Both have strong and weak points but the fact of the matter is as gamers we win. There have been some pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥ zombie-survival-horror-crafting-makes enemies-open world games, but there are two that stand out above them all.H1Z1 8/10"
76561198114052134,Not Recommended,295110,15028365,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Tud,.
,Recommended,295110,14040163,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Mr.BumbleBee,This game aint all that bad i did meet up with some friendly folks and opened up blackberry pizza place on the highway. It was a fun time even some guys in a cop car and a land rover visted our little shop. There was some zeds craving our black berry pizza and it did not end well.
76561198117719240,Not Recommended,295110,18123693,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Ace ☣,I WASTED 32 HOURS OF MY LIFE PLAYING THIS GAME...I GOT A LOT OF♥♥♥♥♥♥TO BUILD A BASEAND I BUILT ITI WAS SO HAPPY WITH IT...TILL SOMEONE KILLED MEWHEN I CAME BACK TO BUILD MORE♥♥♥♥♥♥ON THAT BASE...IT TOLD ME I HAVE NO PREMISSION TO BUILD THERETHAT MEANS IF U DIE U LOOSE UR BASE
76561198067043044,Recommended,295110,14026939,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Mr. Silver,This game has a good framework that will make it great one day. but for right now i would wait. i bought the game played for 8 hours got a car only to be glitched out and die. if they didnt offer a full refund i would telll you to not get it at all but because they did i will reccommend this game to others.Update For the love of God wait until this game is playable
,Recommended,295110,14051829,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Lazy,"Guys ATENTION!!!1)The game is awesome! Dont coment bad things about the game!2)This is a early acess of the game! when you guys buy the game he says ""NOTICE: H1Z1 is in EARLY ACCESS which means you should expect bugs and disruptions in service."" Now thing you dont bought the complete game!!!3)About the ""Pay2Win"": The Sony pay a lot to make this game they need money! You can get airdrops on the server inside the game! you can call an airdrop and lose them!4)This game is so good for an early acess and run clean!Now shut up and play an awesome game!!!"
76561198123158435,Not Recommended,295110,14010679,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,ASMFreak,paid for a game thats ment to be free to play end up waiting 3 hours to get into game after paying......what a ♥♥♥♥ing joke.
,Recommended,295110,14057463,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,✪ Legend,"This game is great. Even though i get 2 frames per second, and i havent even played a full hour yet, ITS GREAT GET IT NOW!!!!"
,Recommended,295110,14057412,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,BIG RUSSIAN MAN WITH BIG DICK,Great game. A lot of potential and the devs actually listen to their customers. 8/10 right now. Highly recomended. Dont listen to all the negative reveiws that say its p2w. Its not.
76561198059110022,Recommended,295110,14026414,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,ImpossibleRiot,"Been alot of fun the last few hours now that the majority of the log in/server lag issues have been sorted. and it really isnt pay to win.. its wait for someone to call in the airdrop, abush him and take his stuff.  the planes and drops are pretty easy to see and and hear - you cant call one in unless there is 150 pepole on the server. so its a real risk if you buy one and use it. better have good company gaurding your back. I think the idea is fairly good behind what they have for making an income for the development and maintace costs of the game. But tonight has been a blast. meet some cool friends and some enimies... but I have a good feel for it now and think it has lots and lots of potential, I will certainly be loging in many more hours this week. Alot of pepole who recived there money back may be kicking themselves in the♥♥♥♥♥come morning."
76561198165194821,Recommended,295110,14056662,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,TROYDAKING1,very very fun game. has lots of potential
,Recommended,295110,15859475,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,ム IggI ム csgosell.com,"very good graphis, music is realistc and helps to go inside the game"
76561198038791416,Recommended,295110,14056707,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Dust,"I'm thoroughly enjoying this game. The game is running very well for only being out in alpha for a couple days now--furthermore, this game is already way less buggy and far less laggy than DayZ. I find the crafting in this game to be fun, as you discover new recipes to makeshift items. Initially, there were far fewer items to be found, but very quickly SOE patched this and items are more abundant. I think people should give this game a chance, and not judge so harshly when it's been out for a few days. Clearly SOE has heard what the gaming community is saying, and seem to be trying to adjust to meet the consumers desires. Personally, I, as well as many others, wish that air drops didn't exist, but I don't find this to destroy the game, as I have played several hours of the game and haven't met anyone with guns...Not to pick on DayZ, but I'm impressed that H1Z1 is optimized so well, and the lag is minimal. I can actually utilize combat in this game."
76561198063536771,Recommended,295110,14061167,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,nnuu,"This game is a DayZ killer for sure.Anyone who is hesitant about the air drops, don't be. You can hunt the player down and take his air drop. It does not give you an advantage.My advice is to only play this with your friends. The more the merrier. Lone wolfing is hard at times."
,Recommended,295110,14128895,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Pandarian Warlock,"Warning: alot of aimless walking. This is a all round ok game, would reccomend if you have friends who also enjoy survival games. Can wait for it to be a free to play."
76561198081105119,Recommended,295110,14104396,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Khabib,"few people r friendly, some people not so friendly!! thats how the world is.... the gameplay is smooth not much loot yet, but i guess its because of servers i have been in!"
76561198134988428,Not Recommended,295110,17661456,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,NomadTR,♥♥♥♥ING G32 PROBLEM.
,Not Recommended,295110,15761365,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Snobbysteven,"I never write reviews for games, but this one is so bad I had to write one just to warn people. The game itself isnt too bad for where it currently stands. But its the developers that are going to burn this game to the ground. $20 for the game, ok I understand that. But then stack another $7 a month on top of it to play BR, while still in alpha!!!! Id rather wipe my♥♥♥♥♥with that $7 than give it to these idiots. BR is no where close to being in a position that they could even think about charging money for it. The times that players land on the ground to actually start playing are so scattered. Sometimes I will land in to start playing and the house I land next to is already fully looted and the guy is standing there with a gun just waiting for me.Like I said the game itself is pretty good, but I would not waste $20 on this to just watch the game go to♥♥♥♥♥♥as the Developers continue to just want to get every penny out of you as they can."
,Recommended,295110,14066408,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Neelon,"Actually a really great game, devs fixed most of the issues that caused launch to be so negative. Also working on fixing any current problems that are affecting gameplay."
76561198036435748,Recommended,295110,14361676,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Tedtheman5,"Really sweet game, even if it is in early alpha."
,Recommended,295110,14088976,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,ENDO,Game is good and It's only been out a few days the dev's seem to be working hard on fixes which is good to see and I'm having fun playing it runs great too.Message to Dean HallYour game sucks you sell out..
,Recommended,295110,16867704,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Monster.exe,good game but trust no one
76561198030276412,Not Recommended,295110,14116821,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Ainweian,"Utter crap.Gameplay feels sluggish.Archery is a joke.100%-0% hunger/dehydration in 10 minutes, ya....I realize I'm meant to scavenge for food and water...but the character appears to have the metabolism equivalent to that of a panda needing to eat and drink that often."
,Not Recommended,295110,16018999,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Oyster man,"Just got killed by a hacker, the rest  of my crew got killed by hackers earlier today. Unless the developer takes preemtive actions  to prevent people from hacking i don't see any reason why this game would ever work. Im not gonna run around and loot for 3 hours just to get killed by some ♥♥♥♥ing noob with goodmode/esp/speedhack."
76561198025014783,Not Recommended,295110,14182936,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,BammBastiq,"I ran around for an hour and all I found were sticks and berries. I was standing in the middle of a lake and I couldn't drink to cure my thirst. Really? I wouldn't know how to stoop down? I ran way up a mountain to a radio tower. Nothing there. Died of hunger. Really?I decided to use my Airdrop, something I paid an extra $19 for. What happened? A bunch of other players got to it before me, and I died from a horde of zombies.  Really? I pay $19, and I don't even get the loot from it?I'm sorry, I cannot recommend this game at all. It's BS that I pay money for extra gear and don't get to take advantage of it. It's tiring and boring running all around a forest and dying of hunger and thirst because all I can find are sticks. There is virtually no content, at least in the area where I was. Lots of trees and grass. And a zombie here and there. And a wolf. Oh, and sticks. And death. And when you die, all of the stuff that you've spent hours finding is gone, and you have nothing again, and get to do it all over again. This game sucks. Waste of money. Don't buy it."
,Recommended,295110,14023824,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,diabolic ♛,"already 100x better than dayz on it's first day, I have high expectiations for this game.still needs to be patched.. but im hooked even with the small bugs.AMAZING FPS.min desyncwatch me on my live stream if you dont believe me...http://www.twitch.tv/officialdiabolic/c/5895367http://www.twitch.tv/officialdiabolic"
,Recommended,295110,14100026,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,DARKAGENT,"Very shaky launch... Lots of issues with login servers on launch and no one could get in. The HYPE was very much real. Now,...Did it live up to the hype? not quite.. at least not YET.  Definately needs work and alot of polishing, Is it worth 20 dollars?.... Remains to be seen at this point. But not right now.  If I'm rational and reasonable about this... I'll tell you it's an ALPHA and there is alot of work yet to be done to get  it to a reasonably playable state. If I look at it from the perspective of someone who was looking forward to this game, hoping it was going to live up to the hype and got let down alot on launch.. then I'd tell you.. This is bu!!sh!t! Wait to buy it. Wait till they fix it before you get in. Otherwise your just going to have to sludge through the mud of this game to see it through to it's fully playable / fully realized state.*EDIT* UPDATE -  1/22/15  ===================================================================I deleted my old review, changed my recommendation, & added the old text w/ the new.Since launch this game has gotten ALOT of updates! The dev's have been working nearly tirelessly to fix the issues on the game and many of the inital issues at lauch are very much behind. I am changing my recommendation on this game. I WOULD recommend people try it out. At it's current state... it's better then DAYZ Standalone and that launched on: December 16, 2013. I would say the game definately has a good foundation at this point and after they expand the game map it's going to make game-play quite interesting. Yes there are still a few ALPHA growing pains with patches and some down-time for updates. But, they have resolved many of the game breaking issues at this point and it's quite playable and enjoyable. Give it a shot.Also if your interesting in getting together in-game.. Poke me a message on steam and I'll give you the sever we play on ;)"
,Recommended,295110,14100066,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,harD #Pocasideia,"Despite the game being in alpha it is very promising, and has great potential to be one of the best survival games, always updates and the game is constantly evolving, highly recommend."
,Not Recommended,295110,22552556,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Blakkreich,░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░▄H1Z1▄░░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
76561198158314932,Not Recommended,295110,16221167,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Apzm07,i cant even play it when i just spent 20$ on it
76561198125342816,Not Recommended,295110,20453617,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Поросль во снегу,"♥♥♥♥♥game, return my money!!!"
,Recommended,295110,20113218,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,dashie.xyz,"H1Z1 The winning successor to dayz.1. Even on a decent rig the games runs smoothMy Specs- Q9550 Quad Cpu 2,9ghz- gtx 560tion a average fps of 50 with a margin from 39-70for comparison dayz runs not even on 30fps2. Gameplay wise it's easy to get used to controlls.It offers a nifty loot system, not only random placed loot you need to search also containers to get your loot. Weapon mechanics are good recoil is fair balanced in a objective perspective don't expect arcade like recoil like cod offers.It offers a group system for it's various game mods that I will cover later on. The orientation to get from a to b is fair and good implemented with maps, compass and a gps like position system.The Inventory is easy to use and even also logical in almost every way its based on a drag and drop system.Basedbuilding looks well made but could need some content updates (subjective view). There is also a lot of stuff to craft from various medicine to tools and weapons / ammo. You will find a lots of zombies in a town and sometimes even hords don't underestimate them.Currently there are 2 gamemodes the basic Survival and Battle Royal if you want a basic idea of these gamemodes you should google them or watch a youtube video.3. I Recommend this game to everybody who is a fan of survival based games.it's fair priced in comparison to it's competitors"
,Recommended,295110,14360981,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,☯bart ✌,good game lol
,Not Recommended,295110,20307540,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,[oMc] psychotoXic [earth],"4,2 hours of gameplay and just met 1 (ONE !!!) freaking zombie and no other player. Looks like the game is damn boring. Not realy worth a buy in my opinion, you didnt realy miss anything."
,Recommended,295110,14055110,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Eli Porter,"While all i see are negative feedbacks on the reviews i've been busy enjoying the game so i hadnt had the time to write my own review. so now i'll actually write an honest review of the game and a "" Positive "" one too. Honestly. All the negative feedbacks you see about this game is nothing based on the gameplay because the gameplay itself is actually really fun. And i actually dont mind the Airdrops. since they contain so little things that it cant actually give any other players advantage over any.. i mean you can find air drop items anywhere else in the world so i dont understand why everyone else is crying so much about this Air drop thing. Besides all the crying and whining kids complaining bout the airdrops i find this game really fun. If you wanna have a good time and learn about this game i prefer you play in a pve server first. It gives you a better way of experiencing the game and learning instead of just going strait into a pvp server not knowing what to do and getting blast away with a shotgun, M4, etc. by anyone you meet or try to communicate with. Stay strong Devs. This game is only going to get better as it goes. Success doesn't come without failure. I love this game and i love what you guys do. THANKS!"
76561198035686034,Recommended,295110,14030934,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Bad Wolf Cub,"This game has potential to be the greatest zombie survival game on the market, but it is a long was away.  I'm very much looking forward to helping it's development and seeing it grow into a stable, expansive, terrifying, open world.  There are many bugs for day 1 release, but as far as alphas go it's not bad.  The zombie tracking is impressive though the combat animation is rough and choppy.  The environment is large and open but it's mostly empty, making scavenging a real challenge.  Food and water are the most dangerous hazards of the early access, finding enough food to keep fed, or even finding a quiet place to chow down is very difficult.  It would be wonderful to see a wider variety of foods, and growable crops from seeds are my hopes for later dev.All in all I remain hopeful, this game could be one that I play for years to come."
,Recommended,295110,14174770,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,HunterSeeker,After playing for quite a while I can say this is one of the best games I have played in a long time. very fun to play with friends.
,Recommended,295110,18427019,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,MadWolf,"This game has some similiarties to DayZ and Rust, yet different in a few ways; namely graphics, controls and ingame actions.When you begin you do get thrown a little in the deep end, namely in terms of regarding craffting tools and weapons. the map you also begin with is a hand drawn rag which is barely sufficient for you to use. A compass has to be made improvised of a proper one has to be found, after that navigating your way into the world becomes much more easier.Afterwards what you do is entirely up to you. You can try and hook up with other players and go on raids and scavengings together, or go your own way into the wild, where you either settle somewhere or you travel from place to place.Survival remains an important part in the game. You have to make sure you are healthy, that you have sufficient food and water to sustain yourself and every so often you need to rest. That will determine your play style, and your options.The game itself doesnt offer much in the way of explaining how certain things are made or done, so asking or doing some online research is a help.I look forward to what is this game to become!"
,Recommended,295110,17556994,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,FaPPy,"So many bugs and glitches, but when it works, its fun as heck!However, if they decide to make BR a paid service, this game will become complete and utter♥♥♥♥♥♥ Probably 90% of people only play this game for BR."
76561198086367570,Recommended,295110,16774266,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,BowYah,BR FTW! <3
76561198178073222,Recommended,295110,14402446,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,jackmarr90,this game is great
76561198068469208,Recommended,295110,14054599,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Nyo Nio Streety,awesome
76561198021830065,Recommended,295110,14054697,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Trickyone,It's not launch material thats for sure! but I think it has potential to stand up on it's own.
76561198017594546,Recommended,295110,14037416,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,[AMK]LeilyNahary,great game!    give that game  few months  and its much greater !!!
,Recommended,295110,14072718,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,tretrebs7 csgobig.com,"For someone who loves this genre of games, its very fun! Those who say its a Pay2Win game, i have not seen any examples of people using airdrops. Most people dont use them because there to risky, you will have alot of fun playing this game if you get it! I recommend getting the Standard Edition bundle because the Premium edition version isnt worth it unless you want to support the devs more than you already are by buying the standard edition!"
,Not Recommended,295110,17847404,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,zb,huita
,Recommended,295110,14055776,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Kazumm,Game is awesome. SoE has already fixed the few problems causing the community to rage... and within 2-3 days of Alpha. This game is gonna be dope.
76561197991671031,Not Recommended,295110,15220894,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Randull,"If I could rate this game any lower I would.  They extort money from their player base of willing alpha and beta testers, while planning on releasing the game for free for the masses once they've bled the testers dry.  Early Access to games should come with perks, not drawbacks.  Why punish those that want to contribute to the development of your game.Is this game fun?       Doesn't matter.Is this game buggy?  Doesn't matter.Are there hackers?    Doesn't matter.Don't buy this game, dont' support predatory business practices."
,Recommended,295110,14039000,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,XO,Ignore the trash reviews. Just a bunch of regurgitation from people who can't read/think for themselves. Played for about 8 hours straight last night with some friends. It's a blast and only going to get better.
,Recommended,295110,14095886,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,HungryDinosaur,"Superb game even in Early Access - the crafting system is great, there's base building and vehicles too. It's basically DayZ with a less shonky game engine and a brighter future. What are you waiting for?"
,Recommended,295110,14095680,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,yoshiKAiSER ♛,"First off all: Great Game. It really is and it will stomp ""other survival games"" sooner or later. Why is that? I'll be writing it in comparison to ""other games"" which are apparently well known. These games back then had no competition and nothing to be measured on. Nobody expected anything from them and if you have been with them from the start you will probably know why I really can't understand so many negative reviews.- Well, we've got as much information and updates from ""other"" dev teams in 2 years as we got from Smedley and his crew in about 5 days. They are doing a great job of keeping the community informed though the community is widely infested with brainless douches calling the game ""P2W"" and ""broken"" - which it isn't in my oppinion.- That leads me to P2W: I think the game isn't P2W: I find it kinda weird that they already charge for airdrops and crates in the EA but i dont really care. If you ever call in an airdrop which YOU can actually loot - hats off to you, you must be a very good player. Mostly the guys calling in the airdrop don't get it because there's ALWAYS like 40 people competing for the loot in the crates. I would rather call it action on demand which will be great when the map gets bigger and people are more widely spread.- The game actually isn't broken. I have never ever died by running over a tree root in H1Z1 yet and I doubt that I ever will. Most of the really game-breaking issues have been fixed very quickly.♥♥♥♥♥♥from the alpha still disturbs the gameplay in ""other survival games"" which are still Alpha, after 3 years. Without that, there are some bugs but - as already said - Sony released some patches already and I'm sure they will get the game in it's current form to be rather smooth very soon. Everybody who complains about floating arrows, duping or any other known bugs should have known that stuff like this can happen in EA. If you're not willing to improve the game but just give your unhelpful and mostly quite dumb critics to the devs, you should probably stay away from EAs.- This game has by far the biggest potential in the survival game world: There is no other game out there which will be able to handle 200 and more players with this performance so soon. The fun factor right now is barely describeable: People are really going nuts in cities and nobody really worries about their gear - I like that. In the future of the game I hope it settles a bit so that building a stash actually makes sense but for now it is just incredible fun to slaughter people with knifes or smash them with your fists while you're yelling random Russian stuff at them which you learned somewhere on the Interwebs.9/10 for a game with flaws as well as a lot of potential and fun"
,Recommended,295110,16539145,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,seene,Better than i expected it to be.
,Not Recommended,295110,20201203,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,traq | The Shekel Lord,"Boring asf, should have refunded :/"
,Not Recommended,295110,14034026,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Conkerballs,"Right now it is P2W and will always be P2W.. Regardless of how they try and justify a very non transperant descision. Prioritys are wrong, I will write a list below of things not working but before I do let me tell you one thing that does work flawlessly.. The microtransaction store.. It works a dream. Things that don't work below..- Zombies don't attack the majority of the times, (Same as animals).- When you press E to search, you don't find a thing.- If you get to the edge of the world you slowly die from a tick event and you can see off the edge of the terrain.- When running and run in the opposite direction you carry velocity still pushing you forward (logic?)- The noise of the airplane is horribleI only blame myself for this game, not the developers, I will not moan for my bad mistake but to avoid you making the same one I did, just wait for it to go F2P. With one hand the developers will crank your hype levels to the max and with the other hand they would seek to pinch your wallet while you are still trying to justify this games existance with the whole ""Ohh but it's alpha, I shouldn't cry"" We need to realise when we are getting duped and not be so passive, you wouldn't allow a restuarant to serve you something that is not described correctly on the menu and this should carry over to our hobbies too.Good luck to the game. It needed more time in development, Devs dangled this carrot to early.. unfortunately they ran out of carrots.."
76561198118759444,Not Recommended,295110,30051671,Posted: 19 February,all,Mr-Big,"it was fun till you realize how much asians are on these games. not to mention how much percentage of hackers there are too which are asians. what supposed to be US servers are legit 90% asians in both JS and KOTK. people from the other side of the world are playing on servers that are meant for us. which causes massive increase of ping. if you get that inventory lock from poor connection it means someone is lag switching to kill you in both games. happened to me every time I run into someone that is asian. so far seen lag switch, speed hacks, god mode, ultra jumps, wall glitching into bases, aimbots and my fav location ESP location. the loot gets taken so fast me and my friends think someone is speed hacking to loot faster. 15 minute timer on loot respawn. might as well rename the US server the Asia server. also rename this game the hacking simulator too if people want to experience hackery and unfairness. I am not even going to bother with this game anymore till daybreak actually improve anti-cheating and get asians IP region locked. thumbs down!! me and my friends used to have fun."
,Recommended,295110,17185357,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,VenomX,"Only thing that's bad is the hackers, but the concept and stuff in this game is pretty fun with a groupEdit: Daybreak has really stepped it up with the hacking issues. I haven't seen a hacker in a very long time and that's a good sign!"
76561198030360178,Recommended,295110,14054709,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,SandyOne #CHUGG LYFE! BLEH!,Okay Many People are shooting this game down but really not as bad as what they make it out to be few people actually have guns and those who do rarely have ammo for it anyway i even managed to get hold of a gun without paying anything by killing someone with a gun using my bow other than that quite addictive and a lot of other players downside would be glitches that are not that hard to ignore and its still in early access and getting updated quite frequently.
,Recommended,295110,14092011,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,乙| Sinister,good
76561198051383535,Not Recommended,295110,15910922,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Nobody,Too many cheaters
,Recommended,295110,14044777,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,YOLO,not an easy survival game that U can get anything relax and no one hurts you.good graphical environment and nice surrounding sound
76561198137747190,Recommended,295110,14049653,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Sphinx,"This game does have a lot of ups and downs, more downs than ups but it is still in ealry access!. This is a awesome game and it is still early doors. Yes the looting system is pants as you loot and loot but still find nothing, zombies are like terminators etc. But all in all im happy with this game, i know i dont have long on record but i soon will. and for people who say its all pay to win, that may be how it looks but trust me you dont get that big of an advantage threw the creats. Last session on the game i was jumped by two huys using bows and knifes and me with my bare fists and flash light won!Buy this game now or buy it when the kinks are all gone. you will not be dissapointed!P.S please can we have a map soon :D"
76561198143525097,Not Recommended,295110,16219542,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Three Eyed Raven,why is not f2p yet
76561198125995034,Not Recommended,295110,15172563,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Siameasy,"Battle Royale mode really needs to be renamed as its now squad vs bigger squad vs lambs.You might watch some streams and see people having fun but if your considering buying the game mainly for BR make sure you have 4 - 8 friends who will play with you in every game otherwise your only going to enjoy one game in every twenty,A game takes 30 -40 minutes to get down to 10 remaining and its you vs 9 others, who are all in raidcall / teamspeak - congratulations you just wasted 30 minutes of your life ;-/"
,Recommended,295110,16675456,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,NBXi,Zombies Can't Walk Through Walls And Better Than DayZ
,Not Recommended,295110,14039511,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,G E B B A,Too much Rain. Not enought loot. Pay to win.Should of read reviews. Got refund.
76561198134163460,Not Recommended,295110,14173296,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,VEGAN AF,"*This is not a review. Just a recommendation not to buy it*Don't bother wasting 20$ , its a peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥as a ""game""How do we get refund? this game is honestly the worst game i ever played... no joke"
,Recommended,295110,16774300,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Neyu,this game is very fun to play
,Not Recommended,295110,14177702,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,NENNAR,"I regret buying this game. After playing 1 hour of this game, i immediately got bored. Didn't find any loots.Don't buy it"
,Recommended,295110,14052311,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,✪ apple,I do recommend this game but still want a refund because i wasnt thinking right and thought yea this will run perfect on my LAPTOP WTF why i did this no idea but if you have a good pc this game is AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198057014760,Recommended,295110,14342387,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,07matt,"Made a massive base with so many guns ammo everything, and its all just gone....."
,Recommended,295110,14155802,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,A Goofy Ass Nigga,It is Very fun to play with friends altough you do have to find them through cordinates. Plus If you try to join a server there might be a wait and if you hit cancel you will have to restart the game.
76561198162451605,Not Recommended,295110,14025152,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Eric Harris,"Buggy, ugly, pay to win WarZ clone.  It's the worst of all worlds."
,Recommended,295110,14072781,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,[O.G.] Oddyseous,Awesome... its like Rust on Steroids but with ZOMBIES EVERYWHERE! BUY IT TODAY OR LOSE OUT!~!!!
76561198027818229,Recommended,295110,14055173,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,[DRTY] Beave,awesome
76561197981403990,Recommended,295110,16145683,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Kaos|Boboso,Imagine DayZ with slightly less gritty graphics and a much better UI.
76561198122319424,Not Recommended,295110,14032358,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Blast,"too early, don't buy. just wait"
,Recommended,295110,14095889,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,ShavedGuy,"I've had a blast with this game. It's especially great when you play with friends and roll up on ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.Buy it if you'll be fine with occational bugs and downtime.The developers communication regarding fixes and such is awesome.You can go tohttp://http://tracker.h1z1.fr/to find out what's going on.They're also pretty active on the H1Z1 subreddit,https://www.reddit.com/r/h1z1."
,Recommended,295110,14076274,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,DiGeGoD,"Good game, Sony has Already fixed alot of the problems only 5 days in. Impressive"
76561198015738910,Recommended,295110,14038802,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,veyl,"DISCLAIMER:  This review is if you're the type of player who enjoys PVE rule sets.  I have not attempted a character on a PVP server. I also want to point out the tremendous amount of work that the development team has done in just 24 hours. They are acknowledging player feedback on both the forums and via twitter / reddit and handling game breaking bugs as they occur. (AKA server login / low graphic-fps issues).  They do deserve recognition on that part and for manning up and admitting to their faults. (Airdrops containing guns)The review:It's true that I have never played DayZ. In fact, the only zombie survival game that I had played in the past is State of Decay (Amazing game) so I was hopping into this game mostly blind on what to expect.  I am also someone who has played early access type games on numerous occassions so I expected there to be bugs.   This game has a lot of potential to be something fantastic.    (Please note: I will say some issues in the game that will probably be ironed out in the bug fixing stage.  I'm fully aware that this is not a final product, but I will point out some current problems in this review and update it at a further point as they're fixed!)From a graphics standpoint:My PC is probably on the low end but manages to run the game relatively smoothly. ( I have an AMD phenom II x4, 965 processor at 3.40 ghz, 12 gb of ram and a nvidia Geforce 560 ti graphics card for those curious.) There is a day / night cycle and weather changes that doesn't seem to cause any graphical lag. (Full rain storms and I was still able to move without an FPS drop) Fire lookThe landscape is beautifully crafted but there are some Physics issues.  First, Zombie // Animals are able to pass through objects at times.  When you're in a house attempting to hide from zombies, if there are a few of them outside the door, they can phase through it.  When deer are running from you, they can pass through trees // mountain sides like they're not even there.  Both of these issues I expect will be fixed.Water reflection of the sun/moon is beautiful and buildings are well designed both inside and out.  The thing that I like about the buildings is that they accurately reflect what they would be in real life. For example:  Office buildings have cubicles, meeting rooms and a break lounge.   Homes that look wealthy on the outside, look wealthy on the inside with the decor/furniture.  Grocery stores // clothing stores have aisles that look like they would in the real world.  I know this might seem like a small thing and should go without saying, but some games usually take short cuts when it comes to the interior of buildings not accurately representing what the exterior looks like.Controls:There's a lot of bug ironing here that needs to happen but for the most part, they're relatively precise.  Getting around this zombie filled landscape is smooth.  I'm not sure if there is a way to ""climb"" at all but I hope that's something that gets added in.   Aiming // zooming in seems off compared to other FPS controls and the animation of said actions are wonky in some spots.  Again, these are minor things that need to be adjusted.  Sidenote: Keymapping seems to be broken right now as you can't change certain movement keys.Crafting:I think this is one of the best designs in the game currently and it's a reason to continue to play.  Majority of items in the game have recipes to make other survival objects.  The crafting reminds me of Don't Starve and Minecraft mashed into one and the complexity of it is an easy learning curve.  You drop things into a box and add items together in order to learn something new, very easy and addictive concept.   This is the bread and butter of this game... I'm very curious to see how far the crafting system goes in the future.Loot:I think this is where people will have an issue with the game and DO have an issue with it already.  A lot of people are pointing out that the world spawns of loot seem to be extremely rare and that buying airdrops/loot keys etc is the easy way to gearing yourself up.  As of right now, I'm not sure if I agree or not... I think there just needs to be massive tweaking in the RNG of things in the world.Here's what I mean:My First Playthrough :  Found 0 food  / Waterbottles  / cloth and lived on blackberries and the starter gauze that a player spawns with.  Eventually I got jumped by two zombies and bled to death because I couldn't find anything to stop the bleeding. (aka no cloth to make bandages).Second Playthrough:  The first RV camp that I came across within a minute of where I spawned had in it: A military backpack, two guns, AMMO, a hatchet, 4 cans of food, 4 empty water bottles.    That character was set right from the start... The only reason I died on that guy was because two players attacked me on a PVE server and I died from a severely bleeding bug. (You're not supposed to be able to injure other players on a PVE server)So if more people are seeing more of what my first playthrough was like, I can understand why people would be frustrated. The second playthrough made it ""too easy"" at the start.   I believe they need to find that sweet balance which i'm sure they'll do.These are things that are currently in the game that make it annoying to play (aka bugs/tweaks/content that should be worked on)- but not to the point that it would make you not want to keep playing.1) PVE servers and players being able to severely bleed one another. (Patched!)2) Audio glitches.  Sometimes random eerie music will start playing and then cut out.  Also, microphone icons pop on the screen when no player is in the vacinity of you. Wolves howls feel like they're right next to you but they're really pretty far off.3) Dehydration and Energy issues:  (patched!)4) The amount of different character models for a player and the zombie enemy type.   Right now there are only a male character model for both the zombie/human and the only customization that you have is through the clothing you find.  I'd expect there to be more options of things to wear in the future as that is usually the money pit for F2P games.  (Cosmetic items sell really well in any game... look at what it did for SWTOR)5) I just don't know the answer to this, but it seems that the landscape is a specific map and isn't something randomly generated. I do know that there is a blank/invisible wall if you run straight in one direction though.  I hope that new lands are added along with wrapping worlds so it's a continual run. (SW galaxies planets if you will)6) A lot of things just seem to disappear (things you kill for example) and interactive items need a brighter glow.A few things that have really stuck out with me so far:--Though this is something of controversial issue right now (which is being patched/been patched anyway) airdrops are really damn cool to watch.  When I was finding out how far the map extended I ended up on top of a mountain against the invisible wall.  I got to see the flare smoke and airdrop as it came down from the sky and landed not too far from me in the woods.  Apparently someone decided it would be safe to drop the crate away from the ""middle"" of the map where the people were.I ran over there and picked up the persons backpack that they didn't want anymore after they looted their crate.  ((( No zombies came near the area though, it seems the zombies haven't spread into the woods at all )))--The crafting system is really damn good.Lastly: If you've read through this entire novel, I thank you for listening to me ramble. Add me on steam if you'd like to team up sometime! (I hit the character limit on this! haha)"
,Not Recommended,295110,14021611,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Tester,"H1Z1, Pay to Win more than usual, and no AUS Servers"
76561198134188624,Not Recommended,295110,14118815,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Tybo,I cant play the game... does anyone know why i cant create an account? it keeps saying im not accepting the terms but i am. is it some sort of glitch?
,Recommended,295110,14027362,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,NSK | Ticom,"For starters. I never write reviews. But I feel like I need to get this off my chest.H1Z1... The current game of the week to hate according to the laws of reddit. Sure its another Zombie sandbox survival game. Is a copy of Dayz? No. It doesn't feel like it. Is it a copy of WarZ/Infestation?..No.. Doesn't feel like that either.From my personal experience I think this game is alot of fun in its current state with great potentional. I don't fault SOE for the mixed reviews right now. I think this is your typical bandwagon parade. Eventually it will pass and people will enjoy it.That being said I have not used an Airdrop. I found a 1911 with 9 rounds and an AR-15 w/0 ammo in my short but hilarious playthrough. I spent quite of bit of time using a bow and metal hatchet for defense which was actually fun. The bow is somewhat weak and but it makes it challenging.The community itself I found is about 50/50 KOS on my server Barricade. I spent a large portion of my time screwing with people as I was at somewhat more of an advantage with my scary but empty AR15 and loaded pistol. I even stalked a man, who was picking berries and told him at gunpoint to leave my berries alone. Which he did. It honestly felt fun, and enjoyable. I was not stressing like I do when I played DayZ, Rust, Miscreated or w/e else that I owned before this.I think we as gamers need to relax just a tiny bit, and not get so worked up over things so fast like these past few days. Sure we've been screwed before, but its seriously the first week. I think with the proper motivation and encouragement and GENTLE community guidance this one could be THE ONE."
76561198198922450,Not Recommended,295110,16257359,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,jaber5555,good play game but Many Cheaters and bad Anti-Cheat system push u to leave this game
76561198106035351,Recommended,295110,14038581,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,coon stomper,They added a refund button.
76561197977513869,Recommended,295110,14088925,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Oscar,"Spawned in, Crafted some arrows and a bow, Looted up a grocerie store and some housing facilities, Found a cool looking hat. Ran into the forest in search of berries, Hydrated myself up, And was gonna be on my merry way, But soon found myself being chased by two dodgy looking dudes screaming at me (They probably wanted my sexy lookin hat), They started throwing haymakers at me, But i managed to sidestep them and get around some trees and Legolas'd them both with 2 clean arrow shots to their heads.10/10 Would shoot bow again!So should you buy the game? Yes!Why? If you like dayz, this is even better, Just the framerate alone makes it alot better.The crafting system and how you craft stuff are way better, inventory and item handling is much better aswell.Gameplay all in all is way smoother, And from what im seeing, It will probably just get better and better."
76561198107748056,Recommended,295110,14049572,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Emeter,"Dont listen to the people complaining about the Air drops ,Its not like you pay the money and YOU get the airdrop,  the server gets it.Everyone has the same chance to get the content of the airdrops .Most of people that will go after the air drop will die , so consider it a way to spice things up.And the person with the best items and weapons will still die 1 with arrow in the head from a freshly spawned character ^^As for the game , the dev's are quick to fix bugsThey communicate alot via Reddit and this game has huge potentil (and Eu servers are on their way)"
,Recommended,295110,14312797,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Ceelo,very gudd
,Recommended,295110,14055379,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Busk1,"Great game, the ammount of time to took to fix and add features in this game is minimal (took 2 days to fix most current bugs) and opposite to dayZ which took/takes months"
,Recommended,295110,14332891,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Coldhollow csgoroll.com,"An excellent title. The surroundings and the ambience of the game certainly better the experience.And anyone who complains about the Pay2Win aspect, which in itself is almost non-existant, are just whingers, and shouldnt be listened to. Crafting is a very extensive element, and it seems as if there is no end to what you can create, and gunfights are a very tense experience.10/10 would buy again."
,Recommended,295110,14173818,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Jesse's Alt,found blackberries ? not for longfound a stick ? not for longfound a bow ? not for longfound a gun ? not for longfound a guy in a motorcycle helmet ? your deadfound a car ? not for longfound loot ? there is no lootyou spawned ? you already got shot by a bowbut there blackberries and sticks for everyone.this game is Bow Combat Survival 2015Thanks
,Not Recommended,295110,17549593,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,[404]Alcatraz Not Found,Played 9 hours .Got banned for no reason what so ever.I play normal go outside come home to play and BAAAAAM Banhammer with no explanation why i got banned or reason.
,Recommended,295110,14049112,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Freakon,"You either love it or you hate it. IMO I love it, I accept the delays and bugs as part of the EA. I admit to being frustrated at the start, I couldn't log in on launch and had to wait until the next day for access, but was determined to not let that put me off the chance to experience the game. My 1st few toons died quickly of starvation, I simply didn't know how to survive in this game. I then discovered berries, which allowed me to sustain my health to jump from town to town in search of better sustenance, this increased my life span considerable and I am now running a character for a good few hours. I was lucky enough to find an axe which allowed me to chop trees, from there it was all up hill, planks and sticks, rags and soon I had a bow and arrows, now able to hunt and craft. The discovery system allowed me to create Berry water which helped for longer treks. Some patience is required for this game, EA means we are missing a lot of key features still to be implemented, but all in all it is enjoyable enough for now to keep me interested unable a more stable release. Although this is in the same genre as DayZ and ISS, I find it stands alone in the mechanics of the game and still has it's own unique appeal.So far, my time in the game I have not experienced any negatives as a result of the 'P2W' that seems to grip, even those who haven't played the game, or have no intention of playing. I will not 'P2W' personally, but it has not yet had an impact on my ability to enjoy the game.This game still needs a lot of work, and will patches will continue to flow, so far the Devs seem to listen to the community, which can only be a good thing. Fingers crossed they are regular and plentiful.Personal, I'm sitting around 7/10 on this, with a view to change pending further development patches and/or release.Again, You either love it or you hate it, but I would encourage people to try it for themselves, and allow time for discovery before throwing the towel in, and you are certainly entitled to your own opinion, but criticism should be constructive, subjective and relevant.Good luck survivors! See you in the field.Links:http://store.steampowered.com/app/295110/"
,Recommended,295110,14036623,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,JustThiser. -JaJ-,Spawned and got eaten by a bear.10/10 would play again.
76561198065362312,Recommended,295110,32697012,Posted: 23 June,all,Orion Pax,Spawned in and a Taiwanese man was bowing at me in his underwear I managed to rip my underwear off and also make a bow and kill him 10/10 game would play again
,Recommended,295110,16616484,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,brookz,AWESOME GAME!
,Recommended,295110,14046413,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,occrispy,"I never thought i would actually Love this game so much! its still a bit messy with random disconnects and some bugs(Duh early access), But ive only played ~12 hours in PvE and already have had so many OMG! Heart pumping moments ! From stealing someones crate package after luring zombies to another player(Lol), and meeting my first friend in a supermarket(who later killed himself with a landmine xD), and killing a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of zombies and finding out i got some strange item drop(Which would later give me a lot of great items!Night vision googles!Ammo!Shotgun!compass! and a 2000 slot bag i gave my new friend who had recently killed himself :D). I honestly thought i would hate this game, but instead it has given me some of the greatest gaming moments ill remember forever , and looking forward to more great memories! I'm usually the lone gamer type , but this game made me love playing with other people(PvE :P, i honestly don't like pvp much in games). This game has a lot of potential once they fix the bugs. So i would highly recommend this game to people i dont care what others think of it, I loved it,  So just try it out !"
,Recommended,295110,14046240,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,dat rage doh,"People seem crazy as I read the reviews.  Yes this game has issues; you shouldn't have bought the EARLY ACCESS to this game if you thought it would be perfect.  Now that that's done:  This game looks very very promising.  Coming from WarZ and DayZ, I love it more than the two put together.  The graphics look good and I enjoy the weather system they have.  Additionally, the vehicles on day 1 with the need to find parts for them is very cool.  The one big thing I've noticed so far is the zombie combat seems to be sluggish, but again, early access, it will get fixed.  The patch today made loot a lot more available for everyone, now I find canned food and water a good deal of places.  Bottom line is, if you think you'll like the game and are okay with bugs and helping the devs continue to make the game, by all means please hit the purchase button.  If you think this game looks good but you want the finished product right now, then go away.  Go back to COD or Warz and wait until it's finished.  The last thing this game needs is a bunch of pretentious people thiniking it's a finished game and talking badly about it."
,Recommended,295110,14090797,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Versatiled$,"This game is going to be a very controversial topic but meh.Anyway my review is that the loot is sometimes hard to find but the main aspect's of the game are so far amazing for me, i've enjoyed the game so far and look forward to playing it more.So far its a +1 and also a im looking forward for more stuff to come and it to come out of ""Early Access"":)"
,Recommended,295110,14090871,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Hooch,"First thing I have to say: they lied about real money affecting the game.  While you aren't guarunteed to get your gear airdrop usually you will (esp on PvE and if you are working with a group).  They said they wouldn't, they lied and did so anyway and that's just how it is.  There's also an odd situation where one of the bonus ingame items you get for buying into the alpha can only be used by actually spending real money....Ok so we are almost through week 1 of the alpha, and first thing I want to say is their response rate for changing game mechanics making the game more fun has been good so far.  If you compare this game to others in alpha (most notably DayZ standalone) it seems far ahead even as it stands now.  I've had minimal crashes, in fact my only crashes were on the first day.  There are definitely a lot of bugs but most are forgivable being that its still in the early alpha stage.  Graphics are a C+ even on the highest settings it is pretty unremarkable.  All in all I like this better than DayZ standalone and 7 Days to die.  I hope they continue to update regularly and make sure the game remains fun and not tedious (early in the game you just went around picking blackberries... hundreds of blackberries just to survive)."
,Recommended,295110,14059246,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,svg | Renegade,"This game has revived the Zombie survival MMO genre, in my opinion DayZ: SA has taken too long to become a great game and has left room for H1Z1 to come along and become serious competition. The buildings are huge, the map is beautiful and you will always run into other players. In my experience i have came across lots of friendly players, and some not so friendly russian's...This is the start of something brilliant.EDIT: For those saying they hate this game because the Dev's lied about things, they would have been told by higher-ups to do this to increase profit, give them a break."
,Recommended,295110,14077960,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Bode,"IF ALL YOU READ IS THIS LINE: BUY THIS GAME ONLY IF YOU WANT TO PLAY A SWEET GAME & BE IN ON DEVELOPMENT AND CONTRIBUTE WHAT YOU WOULD LIKE TO SEE HAPPEN W/ GAME.  WHEN IT GOES FREE TO PLAY YOU BETTER AS THERE IS NO REASON NOT TO.My Review and Position: Despite all that was said months ago regarding airdrops having guns and being sold for monetization of which I was awol and missed all of that but was told otherwise from Smedley and other Devs on Reddit the last six months on a weekly basis. There was eqaual or more talk of no guns & ammo being bought but only found in game. Despite that SOE fixed it properly and the game is as solid as any game in early access for less than a week can be. Bugs found will need to be fixed and they will be. Any hackers and exploits while I have only seen on other peoples posts (none witnessed by me other than plank duping) they will be fixed, properly and soon. Sony does that yes. I was very supportive pre-launch and a bit of a fan boy but after launch was critical of the whole air drop fiasco as I feel it ruins the game by even introducing those end game items for money. Regardless if they are contested. It gives people less incentive to craft, survive and build anything if they can call down the gods of thunder whenever ammo gets low or they die. They lose the drop and die only to try again. This is not as much an issue as they are only getting random pistol or shotguns in a few packages.The Quest Key Pages and Journals are 100% agreeable and fun as hell. They can be ever evolving and change locations in future. I've been in on 5 I found (2 I died before cashing due to random death?? but no biggie I like starting fresh and discovering and crafting as a new survivor) and a few crates I let others take after finding them as loot drop by killing a lot of tough agro zombies and getting a random drop. It forced me to group up to avoid other groups and zombies that are tough as hell now and have only gone through a wall once. No floor surfing zombies for me. We pooled our resources to eat, drink and heal just to get to the quest crate with high end weapons, back pack, ammo and food. This is not paid but a loot drop by Zombies. It creates a desire to survive and not go around KOS'ing every fresh spawn for his sticks and berries. Yes it happens. Guys like to be idiots in all games and will gang bang (punch not the other kind) a guy with a backpack and gun or a new spawn with nothing just for the♥♥♥♥♥♥and a few giggles. Overall I'd give it two thumbs up and a few toes to boot. This game is at the beginning of an epic journey as long as the pay to win stays out. Even the crate and keys in the marketplace are cool as long as they don't give too many duplicates. I got a few and got dupes but got some strange mystery gifts in my store with cool shirts. Maybe due to play time 50 hours in 4.5 days and time drops but I'm not sure??? Maybe due to duplicate crate drops. I have several brown flannels and they are only re-skin items so you need a shirt already which is so cool. No free shirts with lots of storage here.Pros: (Many)Great gameplayGreat enviromentDynamic musicTough zombies forcing co-opDeep, Deep craftingBase buildingRealistic guns for civilian and police (yet to find military)Map can and will be expandingMap key questsCrate and key drops and purchases like CS:GO  (games gotta earn)VIOP in game that is used by mostPeople who group and trade even on PVP serversBattle Royale ModePVP, PVE, 1st Person only, head shot only (Zombie), Perma Death RulesetsMuch, much more...Not sold yet? Now the cons....Cons: (Just 2 main ones)1.  Airdrops introduce items in game even though contested put items on servers that ruin game. Even if a player buys the items and another player gets them it creates what I feel are items on the server that were not crafted or looted but bought and dropped from a plane during an apocolypse where I need animal fat to make Bio fuel for my car if I can find a working one and kill zombies for their cloth to make bandages.  Yet these guys are dropping parachutes, crates and flying a C-130 around dropping everything from a pistol to a furnace to land mines. It is evolving and may turn out to be great. We'll see.2. Odd idiot who wants to ruin the fun by not talking and killing every body for no apparant reason. Doesn't even want stuff or use a weapon. Just constantly walk around punching people and laughing. Also Dayz trolls talking H1Z1♥♥♥♥♥♥but that's life.Editted: For simple grammar and due to a fast post. Felt the mixed review H1Z1 got as not warranted especially after giving refunds and altering what is in drops due to community uproar. I too was roaring as I felt it gave the game a non-survivaly aspect. Ruins my immersion for sure but I feel they will be fun and can live with changes. For a free to play game it's got so much promise and already delivers for me. I remember Day 1 on Dayz SA and early days of 7Day2Die and this feels like a game with a year of solid development. It's an MMO and will be evolving and loved by the guys at SOE on the H1Z1 team. I think this game was put in before another War MMO was shelved over this projects promise. No need to rush into it as it will be F2Play but I felt like it needed at least one more positive review."
,Recommended,295110,14045643,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,m0dda,A zombie survival where it's not 100% KoS. Immersive and fun with friends & strangers!
,Recommended,295110,14046339,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Copperic,"Is it worth it? yes and no.as of after the patch. the lag is gone, item server seem to be working, Login errors are gone. But zombies are still broken kinda. You can run by them and maybe they will hear you. stand still and have a zed walk right by you. but walk one step and a zed 100 feet away will walk or run or to you and stop. I could go on like this with this works this does not. as for pay to win, I dont think it is. yes you can buy aor drops. but also I can kill you and take your air dro. so o its not really P2W. What it comes down to is, do you like helping chnage the out come of a game as it grows? do you like Zombie games? Do you like survival game? Willing to give Sony a chance? make your own mind up and pay the 20 bucks or wait until its free."
76561198042842778,Not Recommended,295110,14135161,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Zegrim,"Can't play, game constantly crashes at loading screen ""H1Z1 title, dude holding axe."" No known fixes or responses from SOE about this issue even though there seem to be a constant flow of in-game fixes. Waste of $20, wish I could refund."
76561198012600268,Recommended,295110,14026719,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Legion,this game has a bad rep for no reason. sure it has its problems just like every other game but it is in alpha so you should expect alpha quality. in my opinion this game is better than most alphas. if your thinking about getting this game just buy it dont listen to any reviews wether there good or bad you have to try the game for yourself to decide if you like it. dont let a bad review change your mind about getting it.
,Recommended,295110,20005956,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Streak,Killed a small mexican boy in a shack as he begged me not to in spanish at the top of his lungs.10/10
,Not Recommended,295110,14381321,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,-hg- stuv101,"This game practically bored me to tears. Here are a list of things that made this game utter garbage for me:1.) Nearly every action has a timer that you need to wait through inorder to proceed.2.) The map feels unfinished / plain / boring.3.) The loot is even more boring, you'll be looting clothing, food from your grand mother (appearently she's still alive...), and sticks.4.) There are almost no weapons to find, their there, but good luck finding a pistol let alone ammo.5.) community's still garbage with KOS and murder squads.6.) those murder squads used the marchet system and bought the weapons you couldn't find.7.) the zombies are glitched and stupid.8.) Zombies aren't that dangerous, the wildlife is another story.9.) The settings won't let you rebind keys, WHY????10.) Settings in general are limited in what you can set.11.) I CAN SMELL THE GRIND IN THIS GAME!Summary: This game is just too grindy and boring for me to even put enough effor into. The game is obviously incomplete (since they went alpha, not really supprized, just bored with their product.), with everything really leading to the marchet. From what I experienced, it would've been a lot easier to just buy a crate, and get loaded up with gear.I feel like this game tried to out do Day Z MOD and failed to identify itself from the rest of the industry thats doing the same thing. I'n short, stick to the Day Z MOD and let this game go."
76561198077652281,Recommended,295110,14068694,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Perc,"This game was, on the first day or two frustrating. However, the developers are amazing and have been pumping out patches and hotfixes faster than a fourteen-year old boy goes through tissues.Not twenty minutes ago, I was beat to death by five people in a fistfight over the backpack I had on, all while dancing around and through a horde of zombies. This was after being chased down and almost killed by two wolves and a bear.Yesterday, I killed three with a pipe before being ganged up on for blackberries and a helmet that I was carrying.I'm having an absolute blast. Even at alpha state, if you're on the fence, get it. It's probably one of the best uses of 20$ you'll spend in the next few months."
,Recommended,295110,14082881,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Glaive,"Dear Diary,Day 1Spent first hour or so on <Insert Voice program> trying to find my friends.  Most of the conversations were ""I think I'm going <Insert Direction>, Do you see <Insert Landmark>?Avoided people I didn't know.  Found my friends, explored the outskirts of towns until we got larger backpacks, guns and ammo.  Made a new friend, he joined our posse.Day 2Couple friends got killed by some <Deragatory Comments>  while I was away from base camp scavagening.  Vowed revenge.  Explored some towns, found a Pickup truck and more ammo.  We decided we don't trust anyone else now.  Rode around and came across some people at Bubba's Truck Stop....We fed our bloodlust and got some nice loot off their remains.  Kept adventuring and pinned some people in a garage after one friend got shot in the face with a bow.  Profanity was said as both sides taunted the other to either Come out or  Come in.   Dead friend respawned not too far from us so we got back in vehicle and rendevoused with him.  Explored Ranchito Taquito to the NorthEast, found cop car.  4 of us rode around with sirens on for awhile scaring people off.  Found a nice place to set up camp in the woods.  More friends are coming as the days progress.10/10 Play with friends, way more fun."
,Not Recommended,295110,14165080,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Divinexkill,"this game is a great idea, yet their is not alot of loot. if you feel like playing a game were you run around for hours looting close to nothing then this game is for you! on the other hand you can pay $5.00 in game to get weapons drops but the down side is that anyone can get your drop so its almost like if you die then you just gave another player $5.00.and not buying one of these means your not going to having close to anything you need to stay alive for a long time the game is free to play when released but it seems like they limited the loot on map and what the loot is just to make you pay $5.00 the get an air drop that drops with alot of zombies and that other players can hear for mile just to come take it from you. i give this game as it stands a (2.5 out of 5)its a great idea but they are blowing it. and the bad thing about this game is sony said this is what they wanted. so do i see H1Z1 changing for the better the answer is NO.H1Z1 is just another fail game and if you dont want to pay from this bad reveiw but your still wanting to try it i would recommend that you just wait till its free to play trust me your not missing nothing!"
,Recommended,295110,14053831,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Munchies,devs make promises they cant keep
,Recommended,295110,14029724,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,M355i4H,"I like the game simply for what it is at baseline; it's alpha and I paid 19.99 for it. The world will not end, I will not lose my house, and I made the choice to buy it. You choose to go near zombies or other players in-game and maybe die...it's your choice again. It's not $1,999. It's $19.99. I have $19.99 to ""throw away,"" buy snacks, buy steak, go to movies, buy beer, buy something online etc. I like the game simply for what it is. I'm having fun. I made a good choice."
,Not Recommended,295110,14112705,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,AmmerBo,"Yes the devs are working hard, yes they are improving the gameplay but to what end? This games foundation is way to limited, dated and destined to become another boring copy cat. I mean if you like really bad PVP or slap fights then you'll love the 100% luck based combat system. If you like building and crafting your going to be disappointed with the tired cookie cutter style content that this non-voxel game delivers. People want more than this and thats not code for give us more boring crap to craft. More over you've created a system where in the end it doesn't matter. You're just going to wake up tomorrow and find someone else living in your shack and enjoying the items you've crafted. So whats the point of crafting it?Bottemline, this isn't a zombie game. Its just a griefers paradise."
,Not Recommended,295110,14034503,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Kinsume,"Not worth it at the moment. I've played 4-5 characters at this point, searched 100s of vehicles, a few dozen different buildings, 50+ dead zombies, dead wolves and deers, and have no found a single piece of loot in this game aside from an empty bottle. Even boxing down a handful of other players only to find out they were in the same situation as myself. Now to point out the fact that out of those characters I've played and all of the fighting I've done, I've only ever died of starvation because food is nearly impossible to come buy in the game. You essentially run around for like 20-30 minutes and starve to death then respawn. Meanwhile your water goes down slow as♥♥♥♥♥♥ seems a bit backwards if you ask me.All of that being said, I understand the game did just release for early access, but its nowhere near the hype that was put out for it at this point in time."
,Recommended,295110,14079179,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Anime Trash,Tried to start a trickshotting clan360/10
,Recommended,295110,14036760,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,OHCALE,"After two days of playing this game is great. In depth crafting, the game feels great (melee, gunplay, movement.) Would recommend for 20$ its only going to get better!"
,Recommended,295110,14454378,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Pola~,"Classic ""Hey dude! Are you friendly?"" experience.9/10 would die again."
,Not Recommended,295110,14022385,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Steel_XGaming,"1/15/15 Bought game....Later Open it up to get an error... No one able to play but the lucky few.... Wait.. Wait... Fell asleep..1/16/15 Load up after update join server with high population.... Queue for 20 minutes... Back out... Not able to click joing server, close out and open again... Join server with low population.. Queue for 30 minutes.. Back out and close and re-open.. Finally about to join in... Crash! Retry.. Crash and crash.. Waste of money for the moment. Dont play unless if you have time to wait."
,Not Recommended,295110,14029251,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Jukseri,"Unfortunately H1Z1's Early Access Alpha launch is probably the worst gaming experience I've had. After finally getting into the game, I enter a laggy world that feels really boring as you just walk around trying to find more blackberry bushes just to stay alive. Zombie AI is currently broken and the game is graphically outdated and gliched even on high settings.This game also includes microtransactions that make the game pay-to-win as you can just pay real money to get gear and weapons delivered to you via airdrops from ingame store using Station Cash. This game should never have been released to pay to play early-access in its current state."
,Not Recommended,295110,14022852,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Itsfunnyish,"I recommend 100% to wait for this game's release. We all promised no pre-ordering games, and now I see that that should include pre-alpha games as well"
,Recommended,295110,14029790,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Menphues,"My review of this game is more in depth and not complaining about pay to play!My first experience: I loaded into a world of rain.. It was a stormy night. There was rain falling from the heavens through the ground to hell (bug) I started my quest to seek water, supplies and food... I found a stream so I decided to take a drink... Does not allow me.. This is not Dayz where we drink from stagnet streams or ponds I said to myself... So I stand up and turn around... A zombie is less than 5ft from me (with no sound I could not hear him) I scream loud enough to wake the dead... Literally.. I scream and run in horror literally screaming... Running with only my fists and hair on my chest... My partner said to me... Shut up! Why are you scream! I look at her holding W+Shift... It is the end of the world and a zombie is chasing me... I must survive I scream.., she says a zombie game? Damn I want to play so i think to myself... Yes you can because nothing is behind me at all muahahah... So I continue my quest while she gets a drink and I say.. You can take over, so I stop and turn to face my demon stalker zombie and notice there is about 10 more there.., I think to myself I have survived perfectly fine with my hairy chest now I will walk away a hero... I continue to run and pass the game to my partner who is unaware what is behind her coming up fast.... She starts to run and then game closes... (Bug) end of my first story tale! Reload e game and continue our quest as we speak!Okay so after a while playing this game which some reason my Steam hours stopped adding up because I played way more than it states.  So let me get the game out of the way before I touch his subject.This is early access so there are bugs. It is the reason it says early access.The graphics: They are pretty decent and not bad if I must say. Way better than WarZ/ 7 days to die and kinda better in some ways than DayZ but then others not.  They are no weird rain going straight through the ground and the water you crouch and see underneath. The graphics overal are decent and not really any complaining.The Controls/ handling: At the moment I was unable to change the controls in the settings and was stuck with default... Maybe there is a way but sadly I could not so I was a little frustrated. The handling of the character was simple, easy and straight forward. Really there was no silly mess around simulation crouch taking ages.. He handled the way he should when pressing a key and it is kinda a toned down version to DayZ not as simulation like but not as arcade like WarZThe sound: I had a sound problem so I could not hear anything so I cannot comment on this. I hunk the sound was to do with my PC and not the game. There is also VoIP ingame which I think is a win and saves typing to people.Features and everything else: Okay just to touch base... You play DayZ, you enter a building, there is one or two items in the rooms that is it.... In this game you enter a building and IT IS A BUILDING.. It is full of items and things to check and look around, it's not as empty as DayZ and it's good to see rooms full of things (even though they do not contain much or nothing at all) really.. In a city each building I passed you open a door, go inside and was full of desks, chairs, computers, cabinets and everything for whatever building it was. That is good I want to see this. Not empty!Nice we can boil water to make it clean and stuff. There seems to be little features in the game that makes it really good to play and this being early access, I am eager to see what they release forward in the process.When looting an item... EVERYTIME even if nothing is in them which for me was 90% of the time your inventory box opens up and you must close it... There is nothing so why does it open? Silly idea. He looting tab is like 7 days to die.. You press E and a circle counts down in milliseconds kinda and then it's done. Same system and same logo idea.The map? I have no clue... I found a road and followed it. I literally had no idea where the heck I was and just ran for my life until I found 6 people passing who we all screamed at each other while passing... Funny!Supplies are extremely low... Really I mean almost nothing... This maybe why pay to win comes in. Maybe because it is early access and we will see more loot because forcing us to do that is wrong.  I found a gun but no ammo... Hurray. Scare people while passing maybe works.You have all the same things like water/ health/ stamina etc so you need to eat and find bottles to stuff.Cool option I found...mayor have an option when entering a building or cabin to if all close to search all cabins or cabinets... While this is going it takes some time and you are allowed to still walk around which is good to keep alert... Searching timer counting and you are keeping alert in the same room... Good idea. Stops forcing you looking at the item while counting down.If you make a noise.. The zombies go to that noise so you can smash a few boxes.. Zombies head to it and you creep around the side and escape. That is cool feature too.Pay to win? I am unsure what to say about this because I found a gun, sugar and a stick in the few hours I played this game and nothing else. If you HAVE to pay for a ticket or key or whatever it is then yes it is wrong but playing this by myself I did not notice this, I did not purchase a crate or box or anything.., I just played the game for what it is.We have to wait and see what they do with this because it is really early to tell and only time will tell.If you can only get stuff from a box which needs a ticket hitch is paying then yes that is bad but I do not think so because I found stuff and done some stuff ingame perfectly fine.the base building aspect is pretty simple to get used too, mostly dragging and dropping in crafting to discover things and build away. It cannot be any simpler, the only annoying part is finding a decent spot that allows you to place.There is no point comparing this game to DayZ/ WarZ and 7 days to die because each are survival games but all are different and each has their own good and bad. I do want a map though so I know where the heck I am.Do not get me wrong DayZ is good... It is but so is this and I enjoyed WarZ for a while too. This is more like DayZ in some ways and I will play both but considering DayZ is probably further ahead right now in development as has more loot... WAY MORE than Lita of people choose that. Me? Both for me. Both have features that I like and some more than others. Up and down really. No game is perfect!Anyway, would I recommend this? Well yes.. The game originally was going to be free to play when the survival and battle royale was one game, since then on 17/02/2016 the game was split into into games so anyone who bought after this game would have to buy BOTH games separate which is a double dip and a massive change, making the developers a huge money making liars, which is bad. The game will no longer be free to play... Luckily I bought before the change so I got both of them, it also depends on what you want to play... If it's survival then just play the basic and if you want the team based then you know it is battle royale, end off really. If the devs are bad then I do not know but so far there was a few server wipes, which is huge frustration, game split now but otherwise a decent game. From what I played I enjoyed and I am happy to say it stays in my list because I purchased it."
,Recommended,295110,14183944,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,aye,finally spawned by gas stationfind three peoplekill onebefriend the other twoone kills the otherkill the winner of the battlerun across bridgefind group of people on bridgewe find a landmine on the bridgeget peer preasured into stepping on the mineexplode with honor and glory420/420 would get peer preasured again
,Recommended,295110,20433824,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Xtremezanas,It is a very awesome game if you play with your friends.The concept of the game is simple:Survive.Grab anything you can.Make friends.Sadly die.Respawn.Find new friend.He Betrayes you and kills you.Go on Battle Royale.Win.Get some good stuff.Sell on the market or keep it.Play Battle Royale with your friend.Both find Ak-47.Stay top 5.Die in top 3.Don't play the game for one day.Come back and play it again.Overall the game is amazing even though it is early access.I haven't met any hackers yet so i don't really seem why people complaning.Overall for the game 9.5/10.Buy the game only if you want to support developers.Or just wait till it comes out as a free-to-play game.
,Recommended,295110,14024012,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,[#2] Banditten,"This review is purely based on my opinions and my experience with the game. The review also contains slight spoilers, so if you don't like that then get away ;-)What is H1Z1?H1Z1 is a zombie-survival MMO set in a time which seems to be around where we are now. Even though the early access alpha has only just been released, it seems to have massive potential. There are bugs, but that's what you get in an early access game. Anyone crying about it should... Yeah.There is a lot of good stuff about this game, and considering the recent release, there is a lot of gameplay to it already. The start is actually pretty hard for newcomers. Just like with Rust, DayZ etc., you need to figure out controls, inventory, crafting and most importantly (Probably mostly for Rust), you need to find your way around.What are the current pros and cons of H1Z1?I will list some pros and cons and elaborate what needs to be elaborated.ProsThe pros are mainly about the gameplay itself, as Sony has done a pretty good jobOverall nice feeling of that the game is playable and is developing.Exploration value - You need to explore to find stuff and find different types of structures and areas.Ambient sounds - I can't emphasis this enough. Going into a church in the dark, with a stranger and two flashlights, and  you can hear the owls in the distance - that makes it just a tad scary, which is good.Music - The music only adds to the scaring-effect. It's not pleasant in the dark.Zombie armies - You better get out of your house if zombies get in. Stay too long and you will be flooded with zombies.Crafting - the crafting part is designed in a way so that you have to discover everything before you can craft it. You have 4 boxes in which you can put in parts to see if they match. You will be assisted though. If you put in a Wooden Stick, it will highlight the Scrap of Cloth, showing that you can combine those two. After that, you will know the recipe for a bow.Navigation - It's not that you don't have a map like in Rust - you have that, but it's stationary. Maps are located on posts in most towns, and each map shows a square of the complete map, and then a red arrow with your position. This doesn't give you the feel of being completely lost, but it's not easy to find your way around, and who doesn't like a challenge?Details - From a flare being able to light a fire to missing car parts. It not something you see in every game, and I know there will be more of these details.The game is generally beautiful and the lightning and shadows are really great.In-game voice - The first thing I noticed (after seeing the graphics, shadows etc.) was the quality of the in-game voice system. The quality is really astounding compared to many other games that I have played (This requires a bit of tweaking though. Setting Talk Volume to ~50 should give a really clear voice to other players.)Rarity of items - Generally loot is very rare in H1Z1 at the moment, such as weapons and tools, so most people only have a bow and maybe a homemade hatchet. This gives longevity to the game, as everyone wants a gun, but it takes time. (I will also include this in the cons, as there are some downsides to it)ConsQueue position and estimated wait time (EWT) - This really pisses me off, as I hate waiting for players to disconnect and the EWT is quite inaccurate (which is sorta expected as 100 people could disconnect immediately). I'd much rather have a ""xx/yy players online""-section in the server browser, and then be able to sort by players.Station Cash and pay-2-win - Now, don't get me wrong here. People have been complaining a lot, saying that the game is pay-2-win because you can buy yourself an airdrop, and then get a gun. However, it's bugged, and unless you are 2-4 people, you won't get the airdrop straight away. The drop is filled with zombies that will try to kill you. And then there are the other players who will see the smoke beacon from miles away. But on the other hand, the Airdrop Tickets should be purchasable for some in-game currency and not this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Station Cash. Microtransactions are for F2P-games. We already paid $20-$40 for the game.Slightly bad optimization - I have, what I think is an amazing rig for gaming. Sitting on a GTX 970 from MSi and an i5-4670 3.4GHz and 16 gigs of RAM, you'd expect to be able to run everything (Except ARMA), yet I have trouble with playing on higher settings than high - and I am still getting FPS lower than 60. This is of course expected, but it is worth mentioning.Physics are kinda sloppy in the game at the moment. If you kill a person on a slightly steep hill, he will rolled 200ft to the bottom and another 100ft down a flat field. That's a long way to run just to loot. This also counts for animals.Buggy houses with misplaced furniture.Too much berry collecting. Currently Blackberries give 2% to hydration and energy which means that you have to eat them constantly. I'd much rather see something like 5% and then decrease the amount of blackberrybushes. Stopping to right-click into left-click 15 times to regenerate 30% energy/hydration is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ (This could also be solved with an ""Eat all""-button.)Rarity of loot - As I stated in the pros, the rarity is a good thing, as you don't want everyone to be running around with an AR-15 and an M1911 when they're only played for 1 hour. However, this rarity is also applied to the more common stuff (or what should be common). You can end up running for 30 minutes with your branch and berries, beating zombies down and not get a single piece of cloth (to make your bow). It can be very tough.Should you buy the game then?My answer is:Yes!The hype has been really big for this game, and in my opinion Sony has delivered a decent piece of work, that is easily playable. However, people have been complaining a lot (mainly on launch date due to servers being down, but also about the airdrops), but those things are in my opinion quite minor.The game is good looking, people are friendly and talkative, you can go out into the wilderness and pick your berries, sticks, branches and go chop down a tree when you have an axe. Everything you'd expect from a survival game. When you progress further into the game you will even be able to build camps and bases.A thing to remember is that the game is full of bugs, and will be for a long time until its beta is released, and you might have issues with playing the game if you have a lower end PC.All in all the game has great values.The verdict:8/10Review updatesUpdate January 18th 2015Thanks to the new patch that landed some time yesterday (January 17th), the zombies are now more dangerous. Atleast they'll follow you around now and won't just stand idle, looking at you.This update is also to give my thoughts on the big subject that has been going around since release, and that is regarding the airdrops, and the people claiming it to be pay-2-win. The recent update that also improved the zombie AI, also gave a nerf to the loot that are in the airdrops. A friend and I chose to call in 3 airdrops, and we got 3 crates:The Lone Wolf1x M1911A121x .45 ammo2x Wood LogAnd some other random common stuff that I don't remember.The Medic2x First Aid Kit5x Bandage6x Scrap of ClothThe Farmer10x Fertilizer10x Corn Seeds10x Wheat Seeds2x Barbed Wire1x LandmineThat seems to be a great nerf to me. The very first airdrop we called in, two days ago contained an AR-15 and tons of backpacks, ammo and med kits."
,Recommended,295110,15916577,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,KeithStone1989,"Highly addicting game, amazing crafting, and gets better every week with patches and updates. A+"
,Recommended,295110,14076919,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,IMDB Senpai,"The game is amazing flat out better than dayz warz/infestation all other zombie survival games it is better not pay to win like some say it is good listen to me buy it and u wont b disappointed friendo's, and always remember...CAGE IS LOVE,CAGE IS LIFE,PRAISE NICOLAS CAGE,CAGE, IS CHRIST!"
76561197981667613,Not Recommended,295110,30392447,Posted: 8 March,all,Brindled,"It used to be fun, but with all the changes it has become grueling and unfun to start as a new character. I've tried time and time again to get back into it, however it's just not as new-player friendly as it it was in the beginning. Of course, that's my current opinion of it."
,Not Recommended,295110,30338126,Posted: 5 March,all,♔Glitchez,Cheaters everywhere...
,Recommended,295110,14170848,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Crackwomen,"I began my quest seeking company, initially I found the Scotsman; whom sounded Irish, he soon abandoned me. I then found my first squire, I taught every thing I knew, I then found a second squire, his name was Raste, soon enough I had an entire squire squad.We fought well until I sadly lost them during a connection breach. I then found an old squire known as Richteaa whom I promptly knighted, however to my horror my Knight informed me that the Scotsman had returned in a car and murdered all my former squires.With Richteaa we created the Tea squires, however during ranging the Scotsman returned to finish what he started, with his car he managed mortally wound me, the Scotsman having the final victory.Should any squire be reading this remember what I taught you and hope we may be rejoined soon.11/10 would squire again."
76561198151218830,Recommended,295110,18307873,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,GODLIKELU,"I have to say this game is actually very attractive, i haven't played this game in several months but all my best memories in this game push me back to the zombie world. However, the bad thing i just found out is the survivers become more cold-blooded, espacially in PvP servers people kiiling each other without mercy :( less chatting, less trust, more suspicion and rude words. Maybe that is the ture world will be if the disaster happens.After all, it's a great game and i'm happy to be back, wish you guys all have a pleasant journey."
,Recommended,295110,14653656,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Duke,Great game and they always updating it to make it better
,Not Recommended,295110,20080970,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Hyfiee,"I cant really say much about this game, so ill put it like this░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░▀▀░▄H1Z1        ▄▐▄▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░"
76561198120437420,Not Recommended,295110,21285261,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Killua UwU,"The game wasnt even good to begin with, the survival aspect sucks♥♥♥♥♥and everyone just bought it for battle royale, now all the poeple that bought it for battle royale are being given the crappy survival game and have to buy battle royale separately. just stupid, im not spending another $20, just buy arma its way better anyways"
,Recommended,295110,14460407,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Bruno,very fun game when it lets me on it.
76561198172129383,Recommended,295110,14710656,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Brandon Longmire,"i'm having problems creating a account for h1z1 i just got the game yesterday when i go to create a account when i get to the website it says.We're sorry, but you are unable to sign up for a Station Account at this time.   it did it to me all day yesterday to someone pls help"
,Recommended,295110,15742442,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,ToM1,"Okay so this is my review after 110 hours of playing. It's a good game worth for money but man bugs and glitches, that needs to be fixed. The game is good i liked playing it for almost 2 years since the early access on steam. Game needs to be optimized for medium graphics. I have some settings that allow me to play on 30 fps or even more but it needs to be fixed and optimized for medium graphics for example my graphics card AMD Radeon HD 7700 1GB(Even gta runs better than this game)  i'm really satisfied with the game keep up the good work devs!"
,Not Recommended,295110,18937170,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Voliks,"If you want survival,this game is not for You. The development nearly stopped a couple of months ago.."
76561197964309295,Not Recommended,295110,18937482,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Solid Steak,"Ok, so I have never written a review on any steam game, but this game compelled me to do so because I felt it was important to inform possible customers, who would purchase this game.  My experience with this game, and company REALLY♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off.  I was playing this game about 6+ months ago with my wife.  overall the game was pretty good.  It was buggy, but that is to be expected of an early release game.  The game developers were making slow progress, so I was hopeful.  However, one day I was trying to sign on to play, only to discover that my account had been permanently banned due to me hacking!?  I want to make this very clear.... I don't hack.  I don't exploit, I only play games in the manner in which  they are intended to be played.  I am 37 friggin' years old, i'm a mature adult.  I have absolutely no need or desire to inflate my ego by being a hacker, or otherwise cheat in any way.  I still have no definative clue as to why I was permanently banned.  I do have suspicions though.  The last time I played the game before I was banned, I was entering the entry code to my cabin that I had built.  My code worked, of course, the door opens and I walk inside my cabin, only to be whisked back outside in the blink of an eye and my cabin door is closed again.  So I approach my cabin, and open the door again, grab some of my stashed loot, and go about my merry way, and write it off as some sort of graphics glitch.  I DON'T HACK!  This was some error of the game.  I didn't do anything wrong.  It was absolutely, positively 100% my cabin, that I had crafted.  My door code worked for crying out loud.  So this is the only thing I can think of that happened in game, to explain why I got banned.  So when I tried to open a support ticket, or contact the company, to either, resolve the issue, or ask for my money back, they always ask for your user name and password.  Upon entering my user name and password, of course it says my account is banned, and it won't log me in.  SO HOW THE HELL AM I SUPPOSED TO OPEN A SUPPORT TICKET IF I AM BANNED AND UNABLE TO LOGIN!?  I tried logging in again today out of curiousity, since I haven't tried playing the game for probably 6 months or more, and it still says its banned.  After reading reviews, and MOST people saying how the game hasn't been improved, and has actually gotten a lot worse, well..... BUY AND PLAY AT YOUR OWN RISK.  Frankly, I deeply regret giving these crooks my 20 bucks."
76561198014579302,Not Recommended,295110,18937764,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,FuzzeWuzze,"Had promise, when Sony ran this game there was hope that eventually they would get around to improving the survival  aspect.  As of now unless you like Battle Royale combat the survival side of this game is all but extinct.Even the Battle Royale is pretty garbage and full of micro transaction crap, go play Arma3 Battle Royale or any number of others and  save your money."
76561198004362575,Not Recommended,295110,18939132,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,ACiDRiFT,"If you're looking for a survival game, DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. The Devs are ignoring all development on the survival core of the game and are instead focusing on the BR Deathmatch mode. If you like deathmatches, go ahead, but the devs/company are deceptive weasels."
76561198043454336,Not Recommended,295110,18999897,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,GORACK,hacks are wack
76561198097840087,Not Recommended,295110,18981889,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Zero,the game doesn't launch and i followed all the instructions to fix it but it still doesn't work. overall rating: AIDS.
,Not Recommended,295110,19035465,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,♔ Snabb ♔,Nice game. But lags af in br. Cant come in at all :)
,Recommended,295110,17204516,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,IAmRezaF,i like this game but....it just that you must make base in this game which means either good and bad....
,Recommended,295110,17566006,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Ebola,Very fun game apart from when you get murdered by your team
,Recommended,295110,18168293,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Emperion Dynasty Cats,"9/10 for me YOLOgood game, so fun playing with friends and team. xD"
,Not Recommended,295110,19010961,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,✪ D33Mo7ion,"Reviewing this game is a very subjective matter because there are many different ways to interpret the enjoyability of this game. Honestly for me, being the nice guy irl AND in Massive Multiplayer Online games, I haven't found this game to be a very pleasant experience. I know this issue is COMPLETELY out of the developers' hands, but my negative experiences with this game are all purely based on the community. There is no equality to the game which yes i know is a stupid factor but it is still, regardless, a huge factor to many gamers who are newcomers to a title such as this. I've encountered numerous players with maxed out gear who abuse their power over newer players by constantly camping in spawn areas, repeatedly killing fresh players and generally people who shoot and kill people when it'll literally not benefit them in anyway whatsoever (not taking their sadistic fantasies into consideration).Oh but dont judge yet, I HAVE been to an end game status, with high tier weaponry with  large quanitites of ammo at expense, with fortitified bases with an array of loot n gear, but after that stage, the whole feeling of accomplishment was achieved and there was no longer any need for me to play the game anymore.Overall, I just feel this game isn't balanced at all in terms of the community as well as the pacing of this game (a fresh spawn can literally strike gold, and find a high tier weapon in the closest loot house) and yes this is an issue that'll never really be resolved in titles such as this and DayZ etc. I am however looking forward to the modding community of the game if that day may ever come. Perhaps there may be more potential from the modders than the developers.This game just isn't my cup of tea but I'm not saying it wont be yours. Just for people like me.Graphics: 10/10 (Really has improved over time)Gameplay: 5/10 (incredibly dull and monotonous)Setting: 7/10 (lacks a bit of diversity)"
76561197960459033,Not Recommended,295110,19122701,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,qx,"One of the worst games I've ever played. An enormous amount of minor and major bugs that have been around for over a year. And game is incredibly unstable and laggy (even with a powerful gaming machine). CONSTANT crashing. Instead of improving and patching these issues, there is a huge focus on creating skins and cashing out. They have clearly given up on this game and trying to muster as much cash from it as possible."
,Recommended,295110,18434319,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Orhan Bencegay,Best survival game in the world
,Recommended,295110,14572039,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Gabe the dog,1. step: start the game....oh wait the servers are ddos....okay 2.step: wait....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................SERVERS UP AGAIN!!! 3. step: log in to a server 4.step find supplies dont trust anyone try to be friendly with them and after that kill them 10/10  best game ever
76561197989829844,Not Recommended,295110,14374310,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Compton,This game and sony are♥♥♥♥♥♥ The developers deserve to be water boarded.
,Recommended,295110,14997490,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Zceresini,"Good fun, hard to find friends and de map is too big to learn before 40 hours unless ur dedicated."
,Recommended,295110,14803621,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,kimiko,too hard to play !  everyone can♥♥♥♥♥♥♥kill me !!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198086312917,Recommended,295110,17562245,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Shrek,"All These Reviews.. They compare this game to DayZ. This is H1Z1, I recommend this game because it's on a whole new level of a zombie apocolyptic game. There is a choice you can make too. People can play survival, but there is also a battleroyale which is extremely fun and why everyone buys the game. A lot of reviews say that they get shot on site by people because of the community... If it was you in an apocolypse, will you run out into plain sight and say Hello There ! when the other guy has a weapon. Anyway I give the game a solid 7/10 just because the survival could be better. The Battleroyale is SO much fun though and it's worth paying for!"
76561198073894587,Recommended,295110,18801565,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Avenger,very good my friend
76561198091644379,Recommended,295110,18541193,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,(╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻,FUN times ! SUMMITS IN THE PIT!!!
76561198086138771,Recommended,295110,14604159,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Gale,"Great game and alternative to the harsher competitor Dayz.It still needs some work but overall its a great and fun game to play with friends.Like i had said, the game needs some work but for the most part for an alpha game it has quite a lot to offer.Meeting friendlys much like dayz, might be difficult and hackers can be found unfortunately but it will only get better.I especially love playing with friends when they trick you after being afk by saying they we're shot in the house i dc'ed in and me coming after the 2 players supposedly scouting my friends and shooting them only to find out it was your two friends but discover that AFTER you killed one...Fun Time..."
76561197999172825,Recommended,295110,14604167,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,ControlBooth,"It's hardcore minecraft with zombies and IED's... what's not to love?But seriously, even with the changes over at DGC and all the hacking lately, this dev company is hands down the most transparent, communicative and enthusiatic team I've ever seen.Problem with certain glitches? They have a patch for it within 2 days, usually that day if enough people gripe.Problem with hackers? Hands down the most aggressive stance I have ever seen against hacking.Community interested in a feature? They explore how to give it to us.If this company keeps it up and continues listening to community feedback, we are going to have a legit game upon release9/10 Will keep playing."
,Recommended,295110,14604227,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Mr Taylor,"Be prepared to test your morals... I never realized how ♥♥♥♥ed up I am, until I played H1Z1"
,Recommended,295110,14604431,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,SwezyCS,"good game, battle royale is amazinh"
76561198121377949,Recommended,295110,14605019,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Billy Mays Here!,"This game is awesome and has a lot of potential. However, the people who play this game are Sh*tty. If all you care about is making a bow and killing other people, this game is for you. Expect to be hunted on first sight"
76561198099294193,Recommended,295110,14601310,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,william.edward.thomasiii,i think u should be able to play it on mac
76561198054078288,Recommended,295110,14602636,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,KH0N,Lots of fun. Worth a play.
76561198210536876,Recommended,295110,14602931,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,wesolowski_marcel,Such a great game but there are some moders on some severs but rather than that it is one of the best games ive played yet.
,Recommended,295110,18272499,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,B3r1T,I was stuck in lobby for 30minutes waiting for game to start. was alone with 2 friends and we drove around with 2 cars for 40minutes and then we gave up. We had fun 4/5
76561197962194555,Recommended,295110,14410366,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,waltsdog88,Different but good as DayZ
,Recommended,295110,14015218,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Antler,"Start playing, help some randoms by pointing out some loot I don't need, feels good man. Eventualy made friends with Guy A.Me and Guy A laugh because we have multiple guns but no ammo, Guy B arrives, laughs for the same reason. Guy A immediately dies of some unknown ailement in the middle of the road. Me and Guy B run from the hordes.Me and Guy B in trouble with zombies, Guy C arrives as our knight in a black and white police cruiser and saves us both, takes us to the supermarket as I'm slowly starving, so is Guy C.One piece of food.Say Guy C can have it for saving us.Guy B says no.Shoots Guy C in the mouth.I immediately die of starvation.10/10 would starve again.On a serious note it's not perfect, it needs a lot of work done to it, but I didn't find anything in particular wrong with it, the mechanics worked, if nothing they just need some balancing. Hunger is pretty punishing compared to the scarcity of food, other than that, again 10/10, would starve again."
76561198085386628,Recommended,295110,14427698,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Lighterguy82,very fun and every update is an attempt at progress in game play not just bug fixes awesome work
76561197970610994,Recommended,295110,14230343,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Don'tChemtrailMeBro,"Full loot pvp and survival fps game. Pretty fun and definitely worth the 20 bucks, try Battle Royale mode"
76561198103191099,Recommended,295110,14491078,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,workbenchbob,very good
,Recommended,295110,14393624,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,JoeyTBE,"Running it on a potato, Im doing well for a nub (not a scrub)Edit : The game Plays quite well Im actually far in items... I also found a pistol on a zombie :()"
76561197983052531,Recommended,295110,14258071,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Mustard Tiger,decent
76561198209958664,Recommended,295110,14549319,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,ALLUM,"GGI really enjoy this game, but only desire one thing.... A easier way to find my friends. I understand we are to survive in this world, but i want to do it with my friends, and I seem to spend to much time looking for them., just to get killed and start back in the search.Really ive stopped playing right now, until more updates appear, but I hope they can help coop gamers like me find my friend :)Overall fun and scary.Keep up the good work!"
,Recommended,295110,14229728,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Thellory,"This game has a lot of potential. It's early access, there are issues.. but it is very enjoyable. With the loot semi-fixed and game-breaking bugs being ironed out it's a great early access game that I can (hopefully) assume is only going to get better as they add more content and fixes in.I recommend this game if you enjoy sandbox style games and are familiar with what early access means."
76561198119550611,Recommended,295110,14459881,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,ADamnCyberGypsy,Game is Great its like if Rust And 7days to Die ♥♥♥♥ed and they had a baby and there babies had babies it would be this
76561198133256555,Recommended,295110,14454676,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Jaxson,anyone have a G99?
76561198083435703,Not Recommended,295110,25493809,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,SquidDude,"Seriously what the ♥♥♥♥ where you thinking with this? I bought this game on release when it was the singular game and SOE was handling it all, smooth-ish launch with good servers but no loot on any. Then they realised that the Battle Royale game mode was popular, so the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥turned a cold shoulder to survival and put all their time into BR. Then the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that are SOE gave up and gave it to Daybreak, which ♥♥♥♥ED the game up even more holy♥♥♥♥♥♥are you serious? A new crate every week that no one gives a♥♥♥♥♥♥about, this game is never ♥♥♥♥ing leaving early access because you DONT ♥♥♥♥ING POLLUTE THE GAME WITH IN GAME PURCHASES EVERY 5 MINUTES TO EARN MORE MONEY YOU MONEY HUNGRY ♥♥♥♥♥ LEARN HOW TO MAKE AN EARLY ACCESS GAME IDIOTS"
,Recommended,295110,14420463,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Tri,The voice chat makes this game.Please do not play without a mic.cheep price.MIxed reviews? Lets go more positive!!
76561198168369410,Not Recommended,295110,21349767,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Dongerlord,Unbelievible. for me this game was PERFECTLY fine but when they split the game it got ****ed up.I start the game everything fine. launchpad is ok. then i start the game . still fine right. ERROR DLL.file EKC6420 DLL file missing.it says that and the program will not respond please helpThe cust service is horrible they didnt help me at allplease someone help me fix this problem
,Not Recommended,295110,21349340,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,baba olsen,♥♥♥♥k daybreak
76561198035065203,Not Recommended,295110,21349681,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Aetsu,too many cheaters
,Not Recommended,295110,21350540,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,jjjustinjay,i wont let me sine in at all..!!!!....
,Not Recommended,295110,21349480,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,ChivaJam,Do not purchase this game. Do not support unethical price gouging.Step 1) Announce you are making a game that will be free!Step 2) Release it as early access with tons of bugs for $20Step 3) Release a new game mode to hold people over while you fix the bugs in the actual gameStep 4) Announce the game will NOT be freeStep 5) Split the main game and the secondary game mode into 2 seperate games and charge $20 for each!Step 6) Profit
76561198067550982,Recommended,295110,14933289,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,T-1000,FOR ME A FAIL GAME
,Recommended,295110,19379555,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,#Huls3,I woulds say it is defiently worth the price you pay for it. Ive played most of my time on survival didn't bother to much with the battle royale and have to say they have fixed alot of things and added new items but now i have lost all interest in the game i got my moneys worth i suppose but theirs just something missing to keep me interested.Hopefully as they develop the game more i get back into but right now it just bores me.Also they seem to put to much work into battle royale and not enough into survival all the money is in battle royale but they should equal it out but i guess money talks.
,Not Recommended,295110,14014079,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Crème fraîche,"To say this game is broken would be giving it a compliment.Cons-Optimization is unbelievably bad, if you can run dayz on max at 40fps expect to get 25 fps on lowest setting here.-Character freezes in combat, i.e punches dont work, weapons don't fire for no reason.-No loot to be found anywhere, even on low pop servers.-Pay to win model is a motherfudging slap in the face, sony is the new EA folks.Pros-Newfound appreciation for dayz"
,Recommended,295110,14705647,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Paul McCartney,"In the 2 hours I've played this game, the biggest accomplishment I had was to make a campfire and bow. After spending the first hour and a half looking for my friend we finally met up only to get killed by a bear. 10/10 - Would Do Again."
,Not Recommended,295110,21236671,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Tom,trash
,Recommended,295110,14411970,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Dede Gemash,"after 40hrs of gameplay, this game is all about:1. making ""friends""2. hang out with your ""friends""3. make a living with your ""friends""4. fight with your ""friends""5. trust issue with your ""friends""6. either you get killed by your ""friends"" or vice versa7. repeat to number 1"
76561198187784275,Recommended,295110,15750724,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Apathy.,good game but the pvp is filled with backstabbing ♥♥♥♥♥uckers
,Recommended,295110,14166767,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,behold the dragon's fury,I really like this game. Amazing survival MMO. I recommend this one. 8.5/10
,Not Recommended,295110,21328768,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,NateDizzle,What in the ♥♥♥♥ was daybreak thinking?
,Recommended,295110,17640647,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,TheMoJo17017,Cloth! Shotgun! AR15! Battle Royale!Amazing game to play with a few Friends and do BR's can spend hours/days and lose track of time its so addicting trying to Win BR's Super fun Solo or in a group. Can wait for more updates :D10/10
76561198093693920,Not Recommended,295110,23474421,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Meryetre,Big ♥♥♥♥ you from the company once they split the two for double the profits.
,Recommended,295110,15992979,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,M6Tully,"Buy the game and have fun. Always remember it is under development. Until recently with early access (what I really call kickstarter), players rarely would be involved at the alpha and many beta stages. Closed and open beta is where we would generally come into a product so people have the wrong expectations here.With regards to hackers, yes they exist and are a pain. DBG is trying to address the problem the best they can. The May ban wave of 28k players is a good example.Do not expect this to be a polished or finished game. It will be developed for a long time. The devs are listening to the players and adding features and elements that make sense. It takes time and we may not see some things for months or longer, but it doesn't mean people are being ignored. So, if you buy into the game, expect exactly what they state; bugs, including game-breaking, usability issues, broken features, and every other negative you can think of. If you can truly handle that and want a worthy sandbox survival game, get in here."
76561198038666424,Recommended,295110,14940519,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Rangoras,"Chased people around in a cop car while blasting the COPS theme song and demanding that they sing me a song at gun point.8.5/10 would harass new spawns againOn a serious note, this game is WAY more fun with friends."
,Recommended,295110,16675688,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,callmewes,"So fun to play, always a blast on stream <3"
76561198039890351,Recommended,295110,14646120,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Drakostorm,"- i spawn in a random place- i find someone runing towards me with a bow screaming "" FRIENDLY FRIENDLY ""- i say "" dont worry im friendly too ""- kills me with an arrow in my headnow i have trust issuesanyway i tryed playing in a different server not this crowded one and my gameplay experience was much better .rarely finding ppl is better so u dont die every 5 minutes from kos ( kill on sight ) ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and some hackers . the game shows potential and the devs are not sleeping or dead like  dayz , and i kinda knew that before playing this game because SOE also did a great job in planetside 2 listening to the ppl and updating frequently ( maybe too frequently sometimes lol ) .and about the air drops , they are not pay to win . all items in the crate exist everywhere on the map and even zombies sometimes give u better loot than air drops + everyone runs towards the crate to get stuff so its kinda like an event or a deathbattle for normal items....if there is something to complain about -----> the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ playing the game killing for no reason and screaming in the voice chat ...if they make the game harder to survive or maybe hordes of zombies appear at night , co-op will be essential and ppl may begin playing the way they should be ,anyway  just go to med populated servers till then and have real game experience alone or with friends .if u dont have the urge to have this game w8 for it to be free , if ur like me addicted to this type ( althought its my first game 'open world zombie survival') go on and be part of making the game better."
,Recommended,295110,27654056,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,PlayWiThMyRuLeS,"New Big Update incoming so i will probably say this:""If you want to try a good survival, now it is the best time to do it"":D :D :D"
,Recommended,295110,27657913,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,desha,♥♥♥♥in sick game dawg
76561198080410644,Not Recommended,295110,21268037,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,yj60639258yj,游戏只能说还好，不过运营公司就是垃圾，而且是赤裸裸的，Steam也是垃圾，这种垃圾公司发售这种游戏，Steam也不管一下，既然你要封IP，你就别卖给中国人撒，真心垃圾的不要不要的
76561198103329422,Not Recommended,295110,24390817,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,whatcha doin over der,games a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥dont buy
,Recommended,295110,14584614,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,EmeraldPG,"10/10""Great game, Looting is better, I would have a way better experience if my computer could handle it though, but other than that, I would totally recomend the game, but make sure your RAM and Direct are in the reccomended settings, not minimul""-Official Emerald Potato Gaming"
,Recommended,295110,14943940,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Merle Haggard,Litterally one of the best since DayZ
,Not Recommended,295110,21682696,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,de_vorno,They break games.
,Recommended,295110,14584663,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,PsychoSilva,good game alittle better then dayz
76561198149414396,Not Recommended,295110,14684542,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Charlie Wang,Wait do you hear that? thats the sound of lag . Lag everywhere. AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH hide your kids
,Recommended,295110,14574648,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,It Comes Easy™,I really have enjoyed the game!
,Not Recommended,295110,21327657,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,MVG(狼),ahh money ♥♥♥♥♥s dont you just love them!!!!!
,Recommended,295110,20511884,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Mr.Arber,BR LEKSAKER
,Recommended,295110,17811170,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,SkEpTic,Its starts as a boring game whislt playing survival but when you discover Battle Royale it all changes. Great game worth playing (doing this for badge)!
,Not Recommended,295110,20454501,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Yoloyex,its BAD you spawn very far out not knowing where to go then when u find a town youget a axe then you go out and get shot by somoene else. its impossible to loot and isnt fun. really need more guns in the lotting system and some major upgrades before making it beta!!!!!
,Not Recommended,295110,20454544,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Socoboy,"So I played the game expecting to have fun, ran around for at least 30 minutes collecting gear just to shoot at someone and have them turn around and kill me in 2 seconds."
,Not Recommended,295110,16710633,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Infini,"The community is getting worse and worse and it doesnt help that brazzilians and russians are taking over 90% of the servers, the economy for skins is complete♥♥♥♥♥♥all skin will become 3cents in a month. terrible game stay away from it, the only thing that is fun to play is Battle Royal basically hunger games and even that is going to♥♥♥♥♥♥everyone♥♥♥♥♥♥talks people camp and get one taps the recoil is just stupid insted of the recoil going upwards it goes to the left (lol what?) its stupid af. Don't buy this game unless you want to laugh with freinds."
76561198243725804,Not Recommended,295110,20698077,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Captianbryce,meh
,Not Recommended,295110,20698483,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,A Hunter Must Hunt,"Good Traits-Battle Royale-All multiplayerNegative Traits-Nobody plays the actual survival mode...even though that was what the game was made for...-Gets boring really fast-So, So, sh*t when playing alone-Zombie game=Should have zombies in BR"
76561198147602335,Recommended,295110,19983722,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Give Me A Jerky,"The BR is the only fun part, they need to add more the core game."
,Recommended,295110,14851771,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Noxis,Pros:+Graphics+Playstyle+Action+Fun+Developers care and fix glitches as soon as they can+Great upcoming updates+If you like minecraft plus zombie games then this is your gameCons:-Hackers
76561198052789648,Not Recommended,295110,20210829,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Retard Alert,"can someone explain,wtf is early access,devs take from us ingame purchase money,just waste it and give us a chance,to fix bugs by ourselves,♥♥♥♥♥♥ cocklovers corporation.+this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥,will never be optimized."
76561198146269533,Recommended,295110,20048704,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,NastyMcBurgers,Met abunch of dank friends in this dank game
76561198064625718,Recommended,295110,14510189,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Cellofellow,Only people with really good computers and a good internet connection should get this.
76561198057505054,Recommended,295110,18601343,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,biccan #nocco hellcase.com,10/10 pvp sur supa hot i sver amazing
76561197990483596,Not Recommended,295110,20525578,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,therealchubbeh,"H1Z1 was possibly one of my most anticipated titles. I've had countless hours of fun on the game but that is not without the irratating bugs, hackers, exploiters. This game had so much potential but has prove to be just like any other early acess, broken fundamentally."
,Not Recommended,295110,20600930,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Moist_Fupa,this si the second time ive had this prpblem with the launcher and i did everything daybreak suggested looks like i just have to wait for an update to fix it again oh well at least there is dayz and miscreated.
,Not Recommended,295110,20608578,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Incognegro,My cohort Liam Neeson wrote a review here:http://steamcommunity.com/id/jlcroce/recommended/295110/and it was essentially that incident that caused us to stop playing. It wasnt the fact that there are hackers that ruin this game. It was because the devs stopped caring about the survival portion of the game and just worked on the micro-transactions and Battle Royale.
,Not Recommended,295110,20613050,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Young_Nut,no
,Not Recommended,295110,20593996,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Matt,Quando você abre uma caixa e ganha uma skin cara não da pra comercializa-la ( Vender )
,Not Recommended,295110,20517372,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,DepressedDragon,"People always compare this game to DayZ, but at least DayZ ♥♥♥♥ing turns on, this game has a whole swarm of GXX errors and constant crashesWas playing this game lots having lots of fun, put in about 30 hours in a week and then randomly got banned and they gave me the vaugest possible reasons, put in a ticket, gave them all the information they wanted and they just sent me a big ♥♥♥♥ You, wouldn't even show me the evidence because we both know there was none. But they don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥because they got my money anyway.If you like Battle Royals you'll like this game until you get banned for no reason, instead play Arma BRs and don't even bother putting in a ticket.And survival mode is just a joke, I'm glad I at least fell victim to the hype train when it was on sale.From looking at other reviews it seems the only players getting banned are the legit players yet cheaters run rampant across all servers."
,Recommended,295110,15734733,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,bloppy88,Great zombie survival game :D
,Recommended,295110,14969531,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,SIRK714,great game super fun cant wait till the game is officially done.
76561197978013193,Not Recommended,295110,14010134,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,#Butthead,"Game needs alot of work, pay to win ofc, still looks better than day Z and infes."
76561198043845011,Recommended,295110,17596333,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,✪ 144[sec],"If you only wanna play the Battle Royale mode, then the game is just perfect overall, everything works there and it makes extremely fun (even more with friends)I havent tested the Survival mode at all, just spawned a few times and watched around, pretty much nothing more.My conclusion: If you want good PvP, absolutely no cheaters (havent seen anyone cheating even tho most of the people speak about cheater), a good system overall and support the game growing up and get better and better?BUY IT!"
,Recommended,295110,16051141,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,GenericX2Eric (spoopy panda),I wanted to review this game a littlePositives.                                                              Negatives• Great game                                                       • hard community• Ton's of fun                                                      • Still has hackers• countless hours of game                                  • its shoot first talk never• new updates and upcoming new items            • crashes• Fun in numbers bring your friends                    • Run from numbers they will hunt u downi have put 138 hours into this game and have been killed by more hackers then i care to count but once they get that all fixed up besides being a beta its actually a wonderful game i love everything there is to do in this game there is never a dull moment
,Recommended,295110,16412196,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Danpoow,gud gmae.
76561198134099637,Recommended,295110,15103201,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,LD_Gianny,> I spawn in> Im in a forest and i dont know were to go> I go online to find a map> I go to the police station> I glitch thorugh the floor at the police station> Hacker teleports every one on the server to him and kills them all with bears> I try to get away but an invisible bear kills me10/10 would get killed by an invisible bear again.
,Recommended,295110,15977333,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Infinitoad,"PROS-you actually find a lot of people unlike in dayz-realistic-Can be fun-you can build bases-great zombie apoc simulatorcons-almost everyone you see will KOS you-Zombies in large groups start to lag out and glitch through walls, the floor, doors, etc-Gets boring after a whileoverall it defiantly has potential but still has a few big problems the devs need to solve."
76561198052427669,Recommended,295110,14759024,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,TheFreakyDeakyDeutsch,Spawned.Died.Spawned again.Died from zombie attack.Spawned again.Died from fatal gunshot to the head.
76561198012453132,Recommended,295110,15424500,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,DarkFez,"This is the story of friendship and loss. This is my H1Z1 story...... Once I was walking around and heard voices in the distance. At first I was frightened but then when I went near I found there was a group of 5 people talking. I walked up and they decided against killing me and instead added me to their group. We all made our way to Pleasant Valley, the valley of death... We came nearer and nearer. We became not only allies but brothers (and a sister). We came in to town and made our way to the police station because we figured we could find helpful things in there. We stayed there for a while and while we were there the second in command of the group gave me a helmet to show that I was now the third in command. I was rising up the ranks. Once we went out half of the group continued down the road but we, the main 3, went back for one man who had lost us. We found him then proceeded to a church. We never saw the other half of the group again... We came to the church and found some things we needed. This is whe he came... We thought he was kind until he turned evil and fired upon us. I chased him off but when I returned... the 2nd in command was dead... There was nothing we could do, he was shot through the heart. He died in the churchyard cemetary. We held a small ceremony then decided to leave him. There was no use in burying him... I took his helmet. It was the only thing we had left of him to remember. I wore it with pride. He was our good friend. We went on to a few old houses so we could rest and find food while we planned our next move. We decided to go back to the police station to see if any of our old group members went back there. That was the worst decision of our lives... We snuck up. So quiet even the undead did not notice. We went inside and found a man with a shotgun. He had lost his will to live but he did not have any bullets. We donated a single buck shot and watched as his blood was painted across the walls. We tried to decide where to go next. Where is there to go? Nowhere is safe. That's when it happened. It came so quick and took us by suprise. The men came in like a hurricane and ripped us to shreds with a whirlwind of lead. I never saw any of those amazing people again... Rest in peace my friends, rest in peace.Thank you for reading our true story of friendship and loss, relief and pain, survival and death.~DarkFez, AKA Mattman~"
,Recommended,295110,16414049,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,J.,"This is the most amazing game I am playing at the moment.There are multiple good things about this game, however I will start off with the negitives:1. Crashes!!!! Happens too much, both while joining a game, Loading the game also during the game like when I was looting a 'loot bag' while 4th place in battel royale. Also while pressing the 'respawn' button after death. This is the major downside so far.2. Cheater, I started playing this game in March so I didn't see the issue with the amount of hackers like during the realse, however I have met a few, both in battle royale and the main game.3. Render Distences of people/cars, I run the game in Low settings so I always have more than 40FPS (I did run it in med at first but it sometime went under 30 FPS which made it hard to play) and when people are far away, they appear as a black block, this is an advange to me (when finding hem) as I can see them inside bushes or lying down. Also with the render distence (as I am on low) the cars don't render if they are about 100m away from me, which makes it look really wierd if someone is hinding behind a car at that distance as I can see the person but not the car, people render when they are about < 170m ish.4. Spawns, When trying to spawn with friends/at your base/where it takes a while, sometimes you spawn close enough and spend <10 minutes walking, other times you have to spawn abuse (when spawning where you don't want and typing '/respawn' untill you spawn where you like)Good Things!!!!1. FUN - The game is really fun (most of the time), while in battle royale you have to stay aleart and look around for people all the time, while in the main gamemode you have to find the loot, guns and ammo without being killed.2. Friends - Making friends with people on it (even if you never see each other after 20 minuets because you met in battle royale), the group function in the main gamemode is really useful and the game is much more fun when you have 3-4 people playing.3. Risks - There are many choices in the game, in both gamemodes, In Battle Royale you have to glide to where you want to spawn for the best chances or living, best chance of getting a car, best chance of getting guns or best chance of killing people. Also In battle Royale you have to decide whenever to go to the airdrops or not, and to 'gad hop' or go to the middle and camp. The the main gamemode you have to decide where to place your base (also decide if you want to have a base) and who to trust. What towns and places should you should not go in but risk it because of the hope for getting ammo.4. Glitches - I love the glitches, even tough they might cause crashes, I still love them, and that is one of the joys of playing an early access game.5. Weapons - Gotta love them.6. Bans for hackers - Gotta love them to.I would recommend this game to anyone who like this type of mmo. It it defintily worth my £15 ($22) and atm it is on sale at 50%, so get it now!"
,Recommended,295110,16641987,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Hasancan,Arkadaşlar h1z1 oyunu muhteşem bir oyun ama bazı oyunu alan arkadaşlarda play butonu çalışmıyor çalışmayan arkadaşlar bende bir dosya var o  dosya sorunu düzeltiyor eğer kasma sorunuda varsa interneten bakın
76561198120425914,Recommended,295110,16021292,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,HodorTheHungg,"Well after logging over 100 hours, the game in my opinion. being in early access is Great!!! It may have some bugs or glitches, but there is quick fixes done to help, as of hackers they are on top of it, i have ran into only a few and i just reported them if they killed me.people getting mad about having to buy it now should stop getting mad, cause its states that its in early access, so expect everything you complain about.Pro's- 1.Good size map(planning on making it larger with more people)2. Crafting(you can craft a crap load of items-survial homes)3.Building(as stated lol)4.Amount of players, and random awesome interactions.5.Experience the content as it develop's6.Constant updates to fix problems.and much moreCons- 1. Certain bugs, and glitches.(Mainly the Wolves .FML)2. Occasional Hacker ( They ban many hackers each day)3.Over powerful Bear (Lol)4. Vehichle respawn.( should be a timer not a respawn on destroy.)What i would like to see is a military base area (not able to be taken over-as it is over run with Zombies like the school in walking dead)The M110 Semi auto sniper.A four wheeler, or dirt bike(or that type of vehicle)More world interaction, like if i get trapped in a room of a house or a 2/3 story building, i can run over to a window, open it, hop and hang on side then drop down. (kinda like a dying light feel but not the full on free running style(Even though that would be BAD♥♥♥♥♥)Possibly a helicopter or small plane. (Possibly find stuff to make parts to build it, that would be dope./)thats about it.  You should deff get the game if you have the extra 20 bucks and want a new game.. its addicting and a blast."
76561198134691131,Not Recommended,295110,17084222,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,LordWatermelon,Cant even play this ♥♥♥♥ing game because when I try to load it up it tells me to sign in and accept the conditions I do that and it exits me out of the game.
,Recommended,295110,15976342,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,I Eat Glass,"Good Game, ya its buggy but its still in alpha and i hope they van resolve some of the issues. i honestly love the game purely cause of Battle Royal its so diffrent yet so fun, its kinda like the hunger games in a way. youll meet great people, and hackers :( but its still really fun and not really competitive"
76561198111052919,Recommended,295110,16226298,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,spiffy,"HONEST REVIEW FOR-H1Z1.  9/10 Many people hate this game due to bugs,hackers, or just some made up bullcrap. YES THERE ARE GOING TO BE BUGS ITS A ALPHA ARE YOU THAT DUMB NOT TO READ IT? Second, Yes there are hackers in this game. And yes a lot. BUT there banning and cheating method works PERFECT. After 3-4 minutes of them using there Mods/Hacks they get banned THEIR WHOLE ACCOUNT AND GAME DOES. So its not like there gonna do much. Iv never gotten killed by a modder nor none of my friends have. And the PVP is this game along with Optimization is WAY better than DAYZ. Of course the graphics might not be as good but atleast this game has often updates that are damn good. And the loot in this game dosnt take you hours to find to just get killed after..Like DAYZ. So if you dont like the game because its alpha? go play something else then lol. There's not even that many bugs. Iv only had ONE problem and it was with the scope on the 308. Hunting Rifle and THEY FIXED IT. BUY THIS GAME ITS WORTH IT."
76561198175366207,Recommended,295110,14833143,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Braddolf Pittler,"MANY people complain about the influx of hackers in this game, and yes, it is ANNOYING beyond belief when you spend an hour finding supplies and get rekt by some dude with an inferiority complex. However, this game has so much potential. This has been one of the most unique gaming experiences I have ever had. Technically speaking, the game is a mess - poor combat mechanics; awful animations; unrealistic damage models for pretty much every weapon; ammo and weapons are far too common, and some users experience poor performance (myself included). This is to be expected in an early access game, yes, however the frequent game crashes are infuriating. For example, there is currently a glitch in which when the bow is drawn the animation freezes, making the player unable to run or interact with the world. This often leads to either being killed by a wolf, bear, player of even starvation. The only known solution is to sit in a corner, log out, then log back in again and hope you haven't been killed. The voice chat in h1z1 is also a serious issue for some; my voip has not worked since the game launched, despite extensive troubleshooting - as a result of this I initially felt that my experience of the game would not be as full as someone who has a working voip. There are often times when I wish I could speak in game in order to save myself from being shot. On the contrary, it does make the game much more terrifying when everyone you meet you have to shoot on sight! I digress; as a video game, it is a broken mess in its current state. Despite this, it has been one of the most immersive, scary, emotional experiences I have ever had in front of a monitor. I 100% reccomend this game, however take into consideration the stage that it is at. I have immense hopes for the future of this game, and easily see it as becoming my most played game to date. I would, however, discourage the developers from making this game free to play in the future, as the only thing that could potentially ruin this game for the community are mass amounts of hackers.Thank you for reading this review!Braddolf Pittler"
,Recommended,295110,17419188,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,✪ WHY ^_^,Oyun 5-6 aylık olmasına rağmen çok kaliteli ve geliştirici ekip çok iyi çalışıyor alınası bir oyun fiyatına değer arkadaşsız oynanabilir ama beraber oynamanın tadını vermez :)
,Recommended,295110,16727369,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Toxic,"This game is pretty fun. I don't understand why people are hating on it. Sure it has some optimizing to do, but it's very fun and highly entertaining. There are a multitude of gun items and melee weapons. The zombies are glitchy at times, but they attack you and take some skill to kill easily. Other players are mostly enemies that will KOS (Kill On Sight) but some will be friendly and help you get better. You can make your own houses or bases and let me tell you, I've seen some pretty huge and outstanding bases. There are also backpacks that allow you to store more space that you can find or make. There is also a gamemode called Battle Royale. It puts you in a map where you and around 200 other players are fighting to be the last alive. Almost every house in BR has guns or melee weapons. If you win you get some prizes that vary. This game does not offer P2W (Pay 2 Win) unless you consider different skins for your clothing pieces ""winning."" Overall, this game is fun and I would recommend to other players. 7.5/10"
,Recommended,295110,14241481,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,DanobotOfficial,i cannot get off this game. 10/10 =IGN
,Recommended,295110,14776967,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,NovaClyne,"Although I haven't played that much yet, I have to say they promised us a good game and they delivered quite well. In comparison to its counter parts, like DayZ, the gameplay is a lot more fast paced and it's simplified. Instead of gathering resources for hours and end up getting killed by your first encounter, you loot a few houses and find yourself well enough equipped to at least survive.Another feature I like a lot are the persistent servers. You're able to build your own structures and bases and feel like you have an impact in the gameworld.Definitely recommended for everyone, who seek an adrenaline kick in urban combat in a zombie apocalypse."
76561198201059281,Recommended,295110,20044961,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Melstar89,Amazzzing!
,Recommended,295110,15097631,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Woah,"This game is awesome! High population servers can have some intense fire fights in the towns and the building is great for when you just want to chill, but be careful not to get rekt while building your base!-Edit-Game can suck sometimes when you encounter cheaters."
76561198097170939,Not Recommended,295110,20598265,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,dennis,The Battle Royale is amazing and fun to play with friends. But the survival ♥♥♥♥ing terrible. It is cancer. It's hard to find anything and then anyone who has a gun or bow immediately tries to kill you on sight. Cancer survival mode.
,Recommended,295110,15546168,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,HotLoads,This is an early access game this is actually in active development. The game is unique because the develpers are really trying different things and it is fun to be a part of the process. Rust is a complete failure but H1Z1 is actually in good hands.
,Not Recommended,295110,14762995,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,ColdOne,I Enjoyed this game alot when it first came out. me and my friends would play survival for hours at a time. we actually became a known group in a server we used to play in and it was great. but as the game progresses they seem to be leaving the fun survival aspects behind to make money in battle royale and cosmetic items. this game could of been great and was for a time but now as i look back i can only enjoy the memories i made in the game as i probably wont play again anytime soon.
76561198174245819,Recommended,295110,19853957,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,JU5TIN5ANE2,gOTTA SAY LOVE THE gaME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198084658614,Not Recommended,295110,21574179,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Racist who calls blacks ******s,Great Except For If You Try To Close It It ♥♥♥♥s Your PC And You Cant Do♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198165619373,Not Recommended,295110,22929271,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Reprecian,Best moment and best feeling ever about this game!? When i first discover the map that was awesome no hackers... Now filled with so many hacker....
76561198046355357,Not Recommended,295110,16497723,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Dumb Idiot,"this game is great to play, WHEN IT ACTUALLY WORKS. I have had this game for 6 months and only been able to play 13 hours because for 4 months, i had the g32 error and it took them that long to actually fix it. after they fixed that, 2 days later im stuck with the g29 error basically saying i pirated the game. validating my game files should work but of course i still cant run the damn game. the errors preventing everyone from actually playing this game is absurd."
76561198020622193,Not Recommended,295110,21356111,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,StandAlone,░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░▄H1z1 survive▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
,Not Recommended,295110,20081961,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Silverback804,"I bought this game when Sony was making it, forgot my password and question. Have emailed the new owners multiple times for help with my account, no one ever responds."
,Not Recommended,295110,20331548,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Hootlook,Crash while being one of the 5 left alive in battleroyal that's a no
76561198119236956,Recommended,295110,14453416,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Noah,"I think it's a good game with a solid foundation, and people complaining about airdrops and p2w I've only ever seen 1 airdrop in 20 hours of in game time and it didn't even have a gun. Only problem I find at the the moment is hackers!!"
76561198150984214,Recommended,295110,16461588,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,FroDaddy,DO YOU LIKE RUNNING AROUND GRABBING LOOT FOR HOURS AND THEN DIE RANDOMLY TO A SHOTGUN BECAUSE PEOPLE ARE♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ WELL IF YOU SAID YES TO ANY OF THESE THINGS H1Z1 IS THE GAME FOR YOU.10/10 WOULD BUY AGAIN
,Recommended,295110,14059598,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,ExoticJ,This game is most certainly not P2W. There were a million issues the first 24 hours but within 2 patches the game is amazing. SOE is actually listening to the community and doing things that we are suggesting. SOE has been able to do so much more in 1 day than DAYZ in a year! If you had to pck between DAYZ or this pick this its really fun and not everyone KOS. This game is truly a blast and if sony keeps listening to us it will become even better 8.5/10
76561198036139427,Recommended,295110,15707478,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Hi! I'm Joyce~,This game is really good... (7/10)Pros:- good graphics- good shop feature (the crate system/gacha system)- good weapons- good control- good interfaceCons:- limited weapons type- large disk space usage- too much bandits- no South-East Asia Server
76561198061108458,Recommended,295110,14006124,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Lionheart,I want my $20 Mr. G99 now!!!! my Dad works at Nintendo!!! no I meme Sony.
76561197982652880,Recommended,295110,14001359,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Wolverine,Played 0.1 HourSO HYPED I WOULD PLAY AGAIN - If i could .....11/10
,Not Recommended,295110,14012986,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Handicap Jack,"Press button to get into vehicle, doesnt get in vehicle - run into house try to loot items, doesnt pick up items - run down the street to next settlement and meet a friendly player >>>>>>> then get teleported to vehicle you tried to open ten minutes ago and see your inventory fill up from the loot you where unable to grab earlier. spend next ten minutes trying to get out of car, get out of car and get killed by an invisable lag zombie.This is not a complaint this is not me moaning. this is my first hour or so expeience of the game.Positively it looks good, I like what I feel they are trying to achieve with the vibe of the game.Needs dramatic updates before its at all playable. I will continue to play it as is but its not what everyone was secretly hoping."
,Recommended,295110,14150491,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,HeadLevel,"Has interesting but slow gameplay, it reminds me of Rust and DayZ put together. For being in early access and still be enjoyable I give it a thumbs up."
,Recommended,295110,14156667,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Lyriok,ok
,Recommended,295110,14156716,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,DA_RANGER,"This game had its issues, but it was overall very good. The combat worked well, the experience was a little more casual, and the loot was very rewarding when you found stuff. The only big problem is the amount of players killing on sight. Can't wait for the karma system. There's a lot of work to be done, but so far it's a good game."
,Recommended,295110,14156897,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,titaniumsilver,Great game with friends.
76561198130882256,Recommended,295110,14156185,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,"DeathLessss,,*","No error anymore, but no asia sv. [25/01/15]It was freaking awesome.-Kill-Steal-Hunt-Loot-Run-Meet new friendsLet's find some weapons and kill EVERYONE NOW! ."
,Recommended,295110,14156449,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Fumble,"If you like picking berries, this is the game for you. Would rate 10/10 berry picking simulator."
76561198144038231,Recommended,295110,14652145,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Fetty Waps Mom,Yes his game is in alpha (early alpha) but ive seen no hackers. I spawn in cranberry and immediatley am geared with a melee weapon (Knife) and a backpack.
,Recommended,295110,15753033,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,YB Big Boss,ZZZ
76561198049968080,Not Recommended,295110,20638459,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Koofy,so ♥♥♥♥ing broken game.
76561198119016214,Not Recommended,295110,20290974,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Hermit,I'm in the map 5 seconds and I disconnect after. What's up  with that?
76561198169203301,Recommended,295110,15241574,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Pearson,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥<======3
76561198081086881,Not Recommended,295110,21416959,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,redbungie,"Since the split I've not even been able to get the game to start. It brings up a loading screen, then stops working without an error, there is very little if no customer service and I basically wasted my money."
76561198156955569,Recommended,295110,15735027,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,tigawong1886,hard to find ammobut it is a good ganme
76561198118749126,Not Recommended,295110,21341570,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,TheGoodGuyTom™,I call ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t on this one
76561198083937884,Not Recommended,295110,21419177,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Rocket-Sam,"There's so much hackers in this game. You work all day to get some lot and build a base and you get kill by some low life with hacks. This game has so much potentiel but DAYBREAK seems to only want to make money out of it instead of a great game. I'm serious, f*ck this game."
76561198014095036,Not Recommended,295110,21409934,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,[Ci]Rohn,"If you like to pay a company again and again to play dress up with your dolly this might be the game for you. If you want a zombie survival game or a good first person shooter, there are much better options on the market.Very little content development over a year from early access release. microtransactions in an alpha. broken promise to release free to pay. Split game modes into two seperate games to charge any new players twice as much money for a game they have failed to develop beyond the Q1 2015 release into early access.Save your money for a company that is not an obvious cash grab."
,Not Recommended,295110,21410565,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Zikina Sarenica,This game is a buggy piece of steaming cow diharea.
,Not Recommended,295110,21329325,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Dmitro,"Nothing more than a poorly made cash grab.Exceptionally ugly graphics (even worse than DayZ SA), poor mechanics, clunky and cartoonish animations (and most of player actions aren't even animated at all), base-building so bad the game would actually be much better without it.The absolute worst of DayZ-like games, even worse than DayZ itself (and that's something)."
,Not Recommended,295110,21343709,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,ARCi,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t cash grab. NO!
,Not Recommended,295110,21356134,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Namaste,Make it 1 game again. Or only charge $10.
,Recommended,295110,19422219,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Aleksovski,"Decent game for someone who want to spend his free time with his buddies roaming around, all modes of the game are fun! I recommend the game to the peeps and of course to support the developers!"
,Recommended,295110,15979485,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Golden,well i would say this game is great it is really fun teaming up with friends however this game has alot to work on its good but i cant wait to see what they have planned for the future of this game it has alot of potential.pre-release rate: 8/10
,Recommended,295110,18218595,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,'Just Harry',CHINA NUMBER 1!!!
,Recommended,295110,14390979,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,bananana,HELP ITS ERROR 11001 PLISS HELP
,Recommended,295110,15642077,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Sebrefa,"BUY IT NOW! Get it while its still cheap! Its only going to get more amazing!This is the new standard of 'survival' and 'zombie' style games for me. Dayz (the real one, not the horrid standalone) is also fun, and I still play it, but lacks the ""omg, im going to starve to death before i get shot or eaten"" mentality that this game has. FYI make friends with the blackberries and never shred your clothes.There are few cars, which is regretable, and the weapons are still few in variety, but the ability to customize ones living area is more than a replacement for these two.The fast response of the Dev team to issues and the inventive ways they impliment community requests ( like getting the virus <3 ) are fun in the extream!10/10 - would survive again"
76561197968427479,Recommended,295110,17219473,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,AlexFili,"H1Z1 is an early access game primarily focused on survival and crafting. There are multiple ways to play. PvE servers allow you to make friends with other players and not worry about getting killed by other players, it's good to start with and teaches you the basics in a safe way. In PvP servers, all bets are off. While you can potentially make friends, there are untrustworthy players and raiders who would love nothing more than to rob you of your goods.There is a heavy emphasis on crafting, particularly basic items like makeshift bows, wooden arrows, bandages, a shelter, clothing and important tools. You can use items like campfires to cook food and boil water to make it safe to drink. Furnaces allow you to craft more advanced metal items with shards. In these servers you will find zombies along with wildlife such as wolves, deer and bears. Vehicles are uncommon and most of them will be missing key items like Sparkplugs in order to get them working.The survival experience in my opinion is beyond what exists elsewhere and you would be hard pressed to find a survival game which is evolving and improving on a weekly basis like this one is. Battle Royale is the other major way to play and some exclusively play this mode for its risks and rewards in equal measure. In this mode you are parachuted into the arena and have a few minutes to gather supplies before poison gas creeps in. When this hits you, you have a few minutes to get out of there before the gas slowly suffocates you. Along with the ever-shrinking safe zone there are other players to contend with. All alliances are only temporary and at best, you can try to avoid others but eventually it is kill or be killed. Are you tough enough to survive?For even more of a challenge there is Hardcore Battle Royale which has day/night features and zombies. The risk is so much higher and only the top #1 player will get a reward (but it is a great reward and much rarer than the standard BR prize). For prizes you can obtain Crates which contain unique skins. You can either take a risk and open them with a purchased key or you can sell them on the Steam Marketplace. These skins can be applied to a variety of items and spice up your game by making you stand out from the crowd (or blend in with camouflage).A mode added recently and still in development is the Team Battle Royale which allow you to go in with Steam friends and raid as a group. This last mode in particular changes the dynamic a lot and makes you act as a team, every wasted bullet could lead you down the slippery slope to your team losing! There's 2 man Team BR and 5 man Team BR (with the possibility of playing with strangers as well). In my opinion this is a great game that just gets better and better. This is well worth your time and being part of a unique and fun experience. See you in Pleasant Valley!"
,Recommended,295110,14023580,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,YOBBY CONSUMER OF VIRGIN SOULS,"Alright so at the moment I am not really satisfied with the game.Movement feels like you are playing with 500 ping (overexaggeratedly low movement acceleration)Combat feels a bit clunky, not too bad though. I see that they are going for the realistic affect but this is too much.When you move your mouse, it feels like the game lags behind you, for example; I move my mouse to the left slowly and the middle of my screen/crosshair is dragging behind my mouse the whole time.It feels impossible to find your friends that you want to play with because the maps you find by the roads are only a small section of the whole map so even if you know where you are on the small map, you have no idea where your friend is.The rest of the problems are just alpha bugs that I wouldn't worry about because they will be fixed."
,Recommended,295110,14009507,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,XeNoS-Art™,"Owned by G99, but, never play on a release day :DMany things to be fixed, but game is really interesting."
,Recommended,295110,14175741,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Ghostkai,"Saw an airdrop in a rainstorm coming down, ran for 5 minutes to get to it, find a guy waiting for it, crate hits the ground, zombies spawn. Hide the the bushes while he struggles to kill them all with his bow. Guy finishes and goes to loot crate, creep out of hiding spot and smash his head in with a tree branch. Take everything. Smash his corpse to pieces while he's whining on his mic.10/10 would ruin someone's day again."
,Recommended,295110,14003056,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Kairel,"I actually got the game to work after extensive research on ign. you have to buy the game of the year edition for it to work. yeah ign just announced it the game of the year and you can only buy it atbringvictory.com, once you get the key  you're all set.G99/10 like skyrim with errors"
76561198030588226,Not Recommended,295110,14014851,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Kriegg,"Negetive review until they remove P2W elements,There is no way to justify selling weapons/ammo/End game equipment in a ""semi survival"" game,Regardless how it's implemented, it should not be possible to ""spawn"" these objects into the gameworld by spending cash.The way it's done a ""Air Drop"" that concept came from rust,Gameplay feels currently a bit like The WarZ/Infestation,Considering it will be F2P, Hypotheticly it has a great  chance at becomming a DM/TDM,The Hype was great, But the game does currently not live up to it. Doubtfull if it ever will.Another Zombie survival concept turned into a TDM with Filler (Zombies)For European buyers,Que times are currently 2h+ for a EU server.All EU servers are PVP only(No PVE/Hardcore etc)5/10s interaction lagg on US servers.-1 for orginality.-1 for P2W.-1 Developers not delivering the ""basic"" game they hyped for months."
,Recommended,295110,14013951,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Nexx,"Wow, SOE knows how to listen. They fixed the air drops, they don't drop as rare weapons and its a lot easier to find the people paying for air drops and taking them out. Game is no where near P2W now, and there are a lot of things I'm still finding really cool about the game. The biggest thing I noticed recently are the letters you can find on dead zombies that will ask you to take it to a certain location, and you get stuff in return. Really cool! Keep up the good work SOE! Thanks for listening to the community."
,Recommended,295110,14018386,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,podj,"Alright, so i have spent about 30+ hours playing this game. Im actually starting to get bored of it cause the lack of content. Some bugs here and there, not much to talk about exept for the damn camp gate that wont work atm.I would have to say there has been alot of fun moments in the game when running in crews of random people you meet during the way, i played in teams, i played alone, i built a camp, i was a bandit and i was a hero. Feels like i have tired most of the features and things to do in the pvp mode of game so far. I have learned where to go, where to look for loot and i belive i have a good idea over all of the game but with mixed feelings. The game feels half done but that is to be expected in a alpha.Here is a fast list of some pros and cons that i could think of atm.1) Mapp is way to small considering the ammount of players and that you would at some point want a camp built.2) loot is pretty hard to comeby, it seams like loot wont respawn until the server do so how ever when some one dies and his loot is not being taken it will end up on a zombie so it will show up again.3) Hunger and thirst is going down way to fast. i found myself looking for berry bushes almost all the time just to get myself some food but after i ate and moved on it was about time to eat again. Also seing as the animal traps and water catcher isnt working atm it makes it hard to stay in camp for longer periods.5) I hate the fact that there is EU and US servers only.. me playing on EU server i keept running into russians who cant speak a single word in english and then became hostible becose of it.6) the first hour or so i was constantly on my watch as it the audio seams messed up. I could hear people run right next to me but in reality they were about 100-150 meters away from me.7) no real way to sneak exept prone walking wich semas weird.8) Metal gates are not functional yet so i basicly got a camp that i cant enter.9) lack of inventory space was frustrating even when i had a backpack. The object sizes needs some changes and a plastick water bottle takes up as much space as a wooden plank and then a branch takes up dubble of that..10) Day time cykles went through way to fast wich is both good and bad as i hate spending 3 hours in the dark if it was longer but as of now there is like 20-30 minutes day light.11) bow bullet drop is wayy too high, altho it was pretty easy and fast to learn how to aim it is still anoying. (turns out there are better quality bows that work better)Pros!1) most players i found was friendly but overal reason to this was as they had no guns/hatchets/bows or any other type of weapon.2) Very nice looking enviorment with sweet wheater details (exept the rain particles..).3) cars hard to find and to fix wich i think is good!4) It takes time to build a base, me myself dident even get close to starting one. so it wont be over crowded with bases like in rust. (bases turned out to be pretty easy to build..)5) 3rd person and 1st person view (depending on server) that im so used to from Dayz.6) you can jump! and easy press E to use/loot/scavange in world objects that Dayz is totaly missing so a big plus there7) fast fixes, patches and editing being done really fast!Sorry for the misspelings and bad grammer! This review will most likely be edited as updates start to roll out. (Edited once so far)"
76561198013362230,Recommended,295110,14003043,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,anuraV,wait let me log in first...oh wait.. 10/10
76561198075996876,Not Recommended,295110,14017177,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,HammyLOL,WASTE OF MONEY AND TIME. DO NOT BUY. MONOPOLY BOARDGAMES ARE BETTER THEN THIS
,Recommended,295110,14692904,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Play to Nguyen,"Currently this is an early access game, so I'm going base this review on that.Many early access games have horrible developments that go horribly wrong. DayZ is an example of this. DayZ was a fun game that just didn't change enough over the course of about a year and a half. Another game like that is Starbound. I have a good 80 hours into Starbound and I don't regret it. One update in a year is rough though. I can't help but think that they should have delayed the release of the early access title.H1Z1 on the other hand, has for the most part listened to the public. It seems that the developers actively read the H1Z1 subreddit. Complaints are made about buildings, the devs change buildings slightly in the next patch. For early access games, I don't think the updates need to be perfect, as long as they are trying. In many cases the update that was pushed through was not ideal or it was worse than it was before. The devs would try again to fix it in the next patch.In one instance, the devs made a mistake that the public didn't like. They added microtransactions. These were in the form of airdrops. People criticized this especially because they devs specifically said they wouldn't. People said it was ""Pay to Win"". But the devs then tried to fix it, although without removing it entirely. They added Battle Royale, a gametype based on the foreign film where players fight to the death with one life in the entire map. With this they allowed the same airdrops to be won by getting a high ranking. In addition they adjusted the loot so that the airdrop was less influencial. The purpose of airdrops was no longer to get the loot inside. The purpose became to attract people to fight. A King of the Hill"" mini-event. People were attracted to the idea of taking on the people with big guns and keeping it for themselves. They take a risk and try to become the ""King of the Airdrop"". It became a ""Pay for a Mini-Event, that could also be won if you wanted to"".I don't believe early access games should be able to have reviews because a lot of the negative feedback from players has been fixed, but the players won't come back to the game that they have been disgusted by (which is alright, people can have opinions) and they won't revise and edit their review. This game has a low review rating because of a shaky first couple of days but the reviews stay even though the reasons for the reviews had been fixed. On the other hand, Good reviews give a good game with bad development a good reputation. Starbound had good reviews but nothing changed. A lot of Starbound reviews neglect the fact that there hasn't been an update in a year.About the Game:The game has a lot of elements that others do not. H1Z1 is a lot less buggy than other titles in the genre and also removed a lot of the bugs that do exist. Although it doesn't have the amount of things to do as other titles, it uses those elements more smoothly. And because this is an early access game that so far has had good development, I have faith that more and more items will CONTINUE (not start) to be added to the game.To Valve:For early access titles, give a one or two month period where people can't write reviews in the hopes that the developers fix the ""Day 1"" problems.To Fans of Starbound and DayZ:I love both of those games very much don't get me wrong. I just am a little disappointed by the development.asd"
,Recommended,295110,17708631,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,安东尼奥,"Great game, they fixed alot of things. Game used to be so buggy but finally they fixed and its playable now. My favorite survival game, worth 20$ :)"
,Recommended,295110,21281230,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,merkl,It's good.
76561198166996740,Recommended,295110,17433767,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,DHxBrownMan,Is K
76561198110234342,Recommended,295110,15228033,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,dirtyhippiejoe,The game is great. Love how the game is adventurous and survival at the same time.
76561198063923775,Not Recommended,295110,15973389,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Ashuren,"I know this is Alpha, but as it stands they are makeing little effort to fix what's really ""broken"". Our base just got ""raided"" by someone who managed to jump over the upper metal walls, then continue to destroy the 6 vehicles the group I play with gathered with... A BOW AND ARROW. Thats right, wooden arrows complely destroyed everything. So I tried to get thier jeep with my 1911 handgun, shot it in the engine block  at least 10 times, and the guy just laughed at me. This game has potential, but seems like the creators don't care about the players enough to fix known problems. Instead they try and add more useless crap that causes more bugs that useally dont get fixed for too long a period. 90% of the players in this game are selfish A-holes, that want nothing more to do than, ruin your experiance in it. So I ask, what fun is a game, if you are not having fun? Waste of money... As for the rest of the game experiance? You can do anything and everything in such a short time, then have nothing to do until they wipe the servers and you lose everything again.."
76561198242727908,Recommended,295110,20596570,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,STRX,ok
76561198061396160,Not Recommended,295110,25141302,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Matthew_UK_1986,"Good idea for a game, trouble is, there's never any loot.  I've spent about 15 hours running around and living off berries...  Perhaps put off buying this game until it's more developed."
,Recommended,295110,16498752,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Knight🛡⚔,"This is not the perfect game, but it is one of the best. This game is awesome sure it has bugs like most of the games, but you know what? I've never seen developers working as hard as the H1Z1 devs, they constantly add new things, fix bugs, ban hackers, and much more! I hate people who hate this game beause of ''Lots of bugs'' Or ''Too many hackers'' It's alpha people just wait 'till it's released it'll be a beast! You liked that rhyme baby?"
,Not Recommended,295110,23043188,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,A Shadow Named Envy,"It pains me to give this game a negative review, especially after waiting so long for its release while playing DayZ (A game where a real zombie apocolypse is more likely than an update - but I won't go in to that now.)The biggest flaw to the game as far as I'm concerned, besides the cheaters, is that the Online community is just awful.There is no real reason to keep someone alive so it's simply a free for all gank fest where people who have paid for drops dominate the new players that run around in their white pants which dig uncomfortably into their♥♥♥♥♥cheeks and a crude bow that fires like I can throw (not very well).The crafting itself is extremely basic despite having quite a lot to 'discover' (which involves trying to mash items together in a discovery page), the game could take a page from a game such as 'Ark: Survival Evolved' and introduce a leveling system that unlocks new items, gear, structures and more. You could unlock points and purchase different crafting abilities that you feel are suited to your class, it should be a difficult choice of what to choose.Improvements:1: Crafting 'sim' style, where you must craft the walls, floors, roofs, doors, windows and so on. This would basically enable players to have a much more interesting structure than what currently is in the game (the game is just becoming servers full of abandoned 'forts' that all look the same.) The game would really benefit from different materials of bases as well, so that you start with wood and work your way up to tin, brick/stone and even metal.The ability to fully take over a structure would be interesting, as currently you cannot craft doors that secure a property that is pre built.2: A leveling system, and 'classes'Each player should either choose or get randomly assigned a 'class' upon spawning. You can reset your character whenever you want to, and only be allowed 1 per server to stop players becoming too self efficient.They could remove certain crafting and make it 'unique' to a class. This would force players to team up or even take someone hostage so that they help improve their own base or living. The classes could be something like:Hunter - improved gun accuracy, more meat from animals, improved basic shelters/less crafting cost.Construction worker - improved building speed and reduced crafting costs. Structures repair quicker. Upgraded structures with more health points.Pharmacist - improved bandaging (gives bonus to health for short time). Ability to create medical kits, potions that increase stats briefly (think real things that boost your bodies abilities, like the coffee in the game currently).Mechanic - craft car parts from crude materials. Improve cars (armor, more resistant tires). Less fuel usage while driving.Well you get the idea. There are endless possibilities of classes that could be made from every day jobs that may benefit your survival in game in some way.To sum it up, I would like to see the game have a reason to actually survive, rather than a mindless PvP game where you die constantly and end up running most of the time. These few changes could give reason to really fear the people you encounter, can you trust them or will they just enter your base and kill you and steal all your stuff?"
,Recommended,295110,17563203,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Davey_101,"This game has changed my life, it offers a get experience in which I have loved for when I started playing this game. So I recommend this game to anyone who has money for games! Thanks for reading and enjoy the game! ^^^"
76561198145693636,Recommended,295110,19971130,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Lare(VAC),i lik tis gam so muc tt it maks meh cry. brah
,Recommended,295110,17599505,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,benji,Great game had it since release
,Recommended,295110,20203447,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Korrupt | h1z1swap.com,H1Z1 WONT LET ME IN THE GAME IT STAYS ON THE LOADING SCREEN FOR AGES AND I HAVE 750+HRS AND IT ONLY HAPPENED SINCE THE LAST UPDATE IT LETS ME PLAY HERE AND THERE BUT NOT MUCH
76561198169583275,Not Recommended,295110,24501229,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Prudien,i cant even play the game it just keeps crashing when trying to load server
76561198282156557,Not Recommended,295110,21509206,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Dan,H1Z1 does not work for me and im on windows 10 please helpi paid 15 pounds for it and im not happy want a refund
,Recommended,295110,17259276,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,♥Saucey♥,Best game ever!!!!Spent 13 hours straight playing on my first day!Got off(not really I fell asleep on my desk)Got on...Still had my stuffZombies arent as glitched as dayZ. Awsome!only problem at the time I post this loot spawn is broken but still an amazing game 10/10
76561198161201046,Recommended,295110,20950307,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,The Raven,good game but have a lot of glitch
76561198165351859,Not Recommended,295110,24544539,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Lucifer,My shi t is better than this gamegame is not opening ı can just look sky 5 seconds after game is closing.... G99 ERROR
,Recommended,295110,16194632,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,TheReplicator1980,This is hands down one of the best early launch access survival games. It has a little of everything to keep any gamer type busy for hours on end. The developers are constantly updating the game with new content and are quite fast in patching it when things seem to go wrong. Great job. I can't wait to see the final product.
76561198044792899,Recommended,295110,20847097,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Pocket Pussy,gr8 game i have only played br when you get in a lobby on br prepare to sit there with people screaming out china number 1 then finally get into game get killed by a team of 3 in a solo q and put up with them screaming ur♥♥♥♥♥♥great game over all fun with friends.
,Not Recommended,295110,25516037,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,au$tin,it dont run:(
,Not Recommended,295110,25550641,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Zagster (DC),"Bought the game. It requires you to sign up. I try to sign up, it says ""unable to create account, please contact support."" Meanwhile, you can't get any help on their support page because they require you to have an account. Gee, you would think someone would have a phone number or something posted on their website. But Alas, they didn't. Literally, a waste of space, and a waste of money. I didn't even get to play the game. It is almost scandalous."
,Not Recommended,295110,25509265,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,[BLD] Dragon_Man,I bought this game three days ago. After two days it asked me to verify my email. ok then. well an hour later im locked out of my account ?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?! what is this♥♥♥♥♥♥ I pay money for game. I get to play game.  but noooooooooooooooooo. I cause the game company dosent want me to actually play there game. so im done. if i could i would get a refund. This game is through steam why must i make a seperate account with a third party just to get ♥♥♥♥ed  Arma dosent want a seprate account. Dayz dosent want a third party account what is this♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,295110,25551863,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,widevernon,I would love to play this game if it wern't so♥♥♥♥♥♥ I brought the game and have been trying to make an account but every time i try to play the game it either crashes or does not even let me play. I've hade this god forsaken game for about a year and spent real money but i have still never been able to play it. I do not reccomend this game at all most likely your just gonna spend money on something you cant play. Also I have tryed to contact customer suppert but no matter where i go i can't find their number. So intil they fix this issue i do not reccomed this game.
76561198304899162,Not Recommended,295110,25559760,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Waterboy,do not buy
,Not Recommended,295110,25403123,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,jacknife9,"I am beyond saddened with what has happened to this game. If only the streamers that fueld the for profit to ""king of the kill"" would do the same for ""just survive."" We need to get Big names to push this game to get the money grubbers to look at us. GUYS WE MUST SUPPORT THIS GAME OUR SELVES BECAUSE THE PEOPLE BEHIND IT DONT CARE!!!...that or work on your own zombie game and shiii I'll buy it."
,Recommended,295110,17422441,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,JushXD,Good game
76561198000832072,Recommended,295110,14061927,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,flo,"A real contender for new best zombie survival game, as long as they keep updating and adding things quickly and do not get bogged down in monetization."
,Not Recommended,295110,20650814,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Shawy,Keeps saying failed to installe  battle eye !! i would like a refund or it to be fixed
,Not Recommended,295110,17565949,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,jack black,"My reasons for calling this game dog c**p:1. The amount of hackers that don't get banned2. The developers are just moneygrabbing dbags3. The game has many glitches which have been in the game for a long time and have just been overlooked by the developers.Overall, this game is turd on a plate♥♥♥♥ you daybreak"
76561198130560944,Recommended,295110,30404422,Posted: 8 March,all,QuincyQuinn,Really fun game a couple of bugs but over all a really cool game.😁👍😜
76561198176989843,Not Recommended,295110,18351380,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Ursul,"I got this game as a DAYZ alternative. Yes, ""DayZ"" being a game that is kinda sorta still not recommended. But even that game is better, and offers 10x more options than this game, even though both are in a horrid state.Avoid at all costs, go buy yourselves some beers or something.__________________________________________________________Old review:I'll be honest, when I wanted to buy a sandbox survival game this was the one I could afford at that time. It started off as first 100 hours of awesome intense game, but then updates happened and I started noticing the carnage they made into the game, and I am not talking about the zombies you could kill (which were not that big of a threat), or the people you'll kill in PVP. I am saying that Daybreak game just wants your money, that's it. They want to be EA games.Pros:- Big map.- Huge replayability- Fun with friendsCons:- STILL not optimized 15 fps on I5 with low-detail.- Broken promises, you buy a ""zombie survival"" game but you get something that is trying to be forced into ""E-Sports"" (Battle Royale mode), everything is focused on Battle Royale, I bought this game over a month ago and only played 1 BR game, but I bought a ZOMBIE SURVIVAL game, not something else. Only had 1 maybe 2 updates for the survival aspect of the game, but don't let me get started on the countless updates on BR.- Moneygrabbing company, not only that we pay to test their game, but now we are starting to have microtransactions.- No anticheat- Everyone will K.O.S.Overall: Don't buy it."
,Recommended,295110,14736125,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Unxknwn TweeTy - H1Z1Stakes.com,"I Bought game already like one year ago and i am not afraid of it its something like DayZ but better less bugs better community less cheaters more stuff to do game is based on Surviving as you could see in Trailers,Gameplays,Streams u hunt for loot try to survive build base there are servers with PVP Enabled or PVE servers so you can choose+Less CheatersMore Stuff to doDayZ for less priceLess bugs-i would say nothing expect some little bugs with zombie meant like one of 30 zombies got really much increased hp's making him really hard to kill with Melee weapon but i think thats nothing...9,5/10"
76561197972430972,Not Recommended,295110,21327876,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,TeknoBug,"Meh, OK to play once in a while, but why split it up into two games?PS- do not spend money on their crates.  Daybreak are shady as hell and are gettnig worse."
76561198134935911,Recommended,295110,17167425,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,The1stTacoMaster,"I like this game i haven't encountered all these 'hackers' people speak of, but yea it is alittle KoSish but it isn't all that you can find friendly people and the will leave you alone. the only issue i encounter is when people shoot at me and i'm like ""???"" and then i run or kill them with my axe (he should have stayed in the car and drove off). I like the battle royal it was new to me i died a few times (cars ;-;) but then i drove and shot up people myself. I want this game to develope and i want to see what it will become.Bears like shotguns to those that have encountered them."
76561198102023241,Not Recommended,295110,20302526,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,D3ATH TR4P,"BattleEye has ruined h1z1 i see more obvious cheaters than i did before, i bought h1z1 to play the battle royale and now that i see players that run up the mountain and fly OVER the toxic gas its unplayable."
76561198120798403,Recommended,295110,19855300,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,WORGOW,So good
76561198078981149,Recommended,295110,14639925,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Chapi 1k,"100% Recommended, play in 2-4 man team to get the most out of it"
,Not Recommended,295110,24199024,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,yellowteabi1ch,░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀▄░Daybreak░▄ ▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
,Not Recommended,295110,20446620,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Fliq Karma,"Crashes every so often lost all my items and also a car this needs to be fixed, other than that i like the game"
,Not Recommended,295110,15063425,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Ziea Cx,"Edited 2/17/16Hey, atleast now we can leave 2 negative reviews on your un-optimized piece of money grabbing garbage, initially stated as Free-To-Play when released, now they have ""no plans for free-to-play""Scumbags."
76561198042151731,Recommended,295110,17084372,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Scusemua,"It definitely isn't the perfect game, but Battle Royale is dope as ♥♥♥♥ and it is fun so it gets a recommendation from me."
,Recommended,295110,14590743,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Redaroo,i love and hate this game
,Recommended,295110,15437909,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Sample.,"Joined a server, someone yelled ''get down noob'' and shot me in the face.Uninstalled.10/10 Would join a server again.[Singleplayer would be nice]"
76561198069211535,Recommended,295110,14017974,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,﴾Kn☻x﴿,"I payed 20€ just that i can look at H1Z1 logo and nothing else. NICE, game won't even launch"
76561198007977964,Not Recommended,295110,21137676,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,SexcoRe,nooo
76561198109891900,Not Recommended,295110,20459809,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Nooterinu,"this is crapbeleive me i had this game (i bought it in febuary) signed in its all good, linked the account, played it (it was not great but i let that slide because its ea) so i put it off to the side untill january of next year, i loged in and they said that i had multiple accounts. says theres a patch,now get thisthey want me to complete an offer or buy something to get the patch (for a game i paid for) ok talk to support, couldnt help wanted to refundwaiting on refundDO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME ON THIS TRASH GAME"
,Recommended,295110,16399300,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Evanswachtz,Wow..One of the best games I have played in my entire life.. I can't stop playing it!Worth a try.
,Not Recommended,295110,14954689,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Summer Camp,3-18-15-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I get a gunI find ammoI see some peopleI kill themI feel good about myselfI gain more confidence and venture out in the worldI find a truckI drive truckI get pulled over by a cop wearing a motorcycle helmethe tells me that I was speeding and need to be punishedhe shoots me in the faceI lose all my gearI cryI logout-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------UPDATE 5-9-2015This game is trash I don't even play it anymore it get's buggier and buggier every update I understand that it's in early access but still I expect it too be decent they recently put in handcuffs I think to kind of slow down being killed on site they don't work you still get shot and killed for no reason even though they can clearly tell you are a fresh spawn I regret spending my $20 on this game I should of spent my money on a cheap hooker--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------UPDATE 9-6-15All I play is Battle Royale and it's decent survival is still really bad--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------11-28-2015 the game is still a joke the only decent part is BR the survival is broken and pointless. If you get on Reddit or Twitter to try and talk to the developers to make a suggestion you get shot down by fan boys calling you a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥it's just not worth it-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------2-6-16  They just announced that they are splittin the game into two games I think they are doing this because they already ♥♥♥♥ed up the survival part and now all they focus on is Battle Royale  so by splitting the game in two they can stop updating the survival and keep on focusing on the BR it's still not worth the cash
,Not Recommended,295110,24222520,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Cosmo The God,"there are a bunch of hackers on a lot of the servers 'pve/pvp' I think we need a better anti-cheat system. and a way to detect if somebody Injects a hack into the game. the game devs need to make it were all of our accounts are secured so that the hackers cannot take control of our accounts nor our clients for that matter. I mean we paid damn good money for both of these games, and we should be protected from scumbags jackass hackers."
76561198155332137,Not Recommended,295110,24227915,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Alex,dont even try to buy it. first hours just loads of hackers and cheaters devs aren't even doing something about itand lots of bugs ffs
76561198134540767,Not Recommended,295110,30429007,Posted: 10 March,all,THErealpalacemaster,i really liked this game but since it was left by daybreak to die in a hole i left as well...
,Not Recommended,295110,21280233,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,yung needle dick,lol
76561198005368042,Not Recommended,295110,24222798,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,ISILDUR,"built a compound and then it bugged out. Tech support was no help. We are left to rebuild or not play. Since it took many hours to gather the resources to build what we had we have chosen to not play. Sad tech can't fix what seemed like a simple bug. The game is a lot of tedious work and running and searching to gather items and resources. which is fine, but when the game bugs and you lose all that work tech says ""oh well""."
,Not Recommended,295110,21282187,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Lenny  Kravitz,Gmae ♥♥♥♥ing blows. Got rid of Battle Royale for ♥♥♥♥ing survival.I got this for Battle Royale not ♥♥♥♥ing survival.I want a refund Battle Royale actully made this game fun.Don't get if you want to get H1Z1 get battle royale this♥♥♥♥♥♥suck.
76561198045526843,Recommended,295110,15493032,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Dave,GREAT
76561198086112780,Recommended,295110,14303736,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,LilShowerCurtain,THIS GAME IS A MASTERPIECE. I found a friendly and we were finding loot and this random guy killed us both with a bow 10/10 would die again
76561198065640232,Recommended,295110,14967423,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,aragrimwolf,"This game is definitely on to something.In my first 30 minutes of playing, I get captured by a Russian who locks me in a room I can't escape from. He then tells me he's waiting on his ""boss"", who'll be there in a couple of minutes. I hear a car pull up outside, and another Russian opens the door and steps in to have a look at me. He asks if I'm Asian, and informs me that if I am, he's going to lock me in til I starve to death. After I assure him I'm not Asian, he and his friend force me to gather wood and water for them at gunpoint. I try to make an escape while out filling water bottles, and get shot down.There are a few bugs and random disconnects, but overall, it's pretty fun, if for no other reason than the community.9/10"
,Not Recommended,295110,16440966,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Life,"Do not get H1Z1 if you are getting it for the ""survival mode"". Battle Royale can be a lot of fun at times, but it isn't worth $20 (currently on sale for $10 & still not worth it).  I cannot recommend this game in it's current state for the price being asked.The dev team cannot stick to their own timeline for new features to save their lives. Are constantly changing their minds and making changes without filling anyone in. They are somewhat active on Reddit talking to the players, but they also do not listen to any suggestions or reports people provide. They are focused on making Battle Royale as good as possible because if the game actually makes it to full release (which I doubt), that will be the only way they make money on it if it truly goes to ""F2P"".Part of the big problem with the survival mode is the community. There are some good people out there, but they are few and far between. Most players will go far out of their way to run you down and kill you on sight even if it is clear you just spawned and have nothing they could possibly want. Now before anyone says ""Just play on a PVE server brah"", PVE is just as bad with players laying claim to entire areas with things you can build which in PVE you cannot destroy. So there will be large parts of towns etc. that you cannot even enter because they are cut off. The community as a whole just exists to make your experience bad.Most of the updates focus on bringing more guns and other weapons in to the game, when there is already a huge amount of weapons readily available. I mean really, within about 20 minutes of spawning in fresh (or less), you can easily be armed to the teeth with enough supplies to last you a long time. Typically when you spawn you are not far from a settlement with plenty of supplies that re-spawn very fast. Basically there is little to no immersion when you can walk in to a set of apartments knowing you will find pretty much everything you could possibly need. I want to struggle to find food, ammo and guns. I mean this is suppose to be SURVIVAL.And don't get me started on the zombies...they are a total joke. When they actually do come after you instead of just standing there making noises, you can simply walk along with little care in the world because there is no way they will catch you. If you get a ""horde"" of them on you however, don't bother hiding indoors, because they will simply start clipping through the walls and walk right on in to a locked down building. The only true threat is other players, which I am fine with and basically expected when I bought the game. I just was hoping that the zombies would be equally as threatening.Plenty of people try and defend the game and the devs. with the ""IT'S STILL IN ALPHA BRAH!"" statement, but that only goes so far. There comes a point when it starts to become obvious that a game will never leave Alpha, and this game is more than starting to show signs of that. Oh, also, the hackers...Yeah, they have been fighting them tooth and nail lately, but it seems they will never have a true hold on their own game. I only run in to hackers once in a while, but trust me, there are plenty there. Daybreak just doesn't seem to be able to come up with a permanent solution to the problem. And this is probably part of the reason the update cycle gets so out of whack. They have an update ""road-map"" on the main site that is suppose to give you an idea of what is coming and when to expect it, but they rarely if ever fully deliver on it.TL;DR: I have have had some fun times with it, and do still play BR occasionally. Survival has turned in to a joke on both PVP & PVE servers and doesn't seem to be going in a positive direction. Battle Royale can be fun for awhile, but grows old after a few wins or top 3 finishes. Streamers make it look a lot more fun than it is and the rewards for winning are a joke.  It has so much potential to be truly amazing, but I do not believe it will ever live up to it."
,Recommended,295110,14006687,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,DbrowNick,"The day was January 15th, 2015.The day the Internet, the whole world, stood still.My name is Hingle McCringleberry, and this is my story.10:00am:The day started like any other, home from university on break. Wake up, make coffee, breakfast, etc.12:00pm:Start Computer, H1Z1 should be launching at 1pm! Get a few games of CS:GO in.12:59pm:Anticipation grows1:00pm:Game not released2:00pmGame not released3:00pmGame not released3:05pmDecide to play more CS:GO6:00pmAfter checking twitter, reddit, twitch, etc. I have finally found out that H1Z1 is available6:15pmSpend $20 of my hard earned cash on this Free to Play game6:16pmDownload starts6:45pmDownload finishes6:50pmTry to make accountFail6:55pmTry to make account againFail again7:00pmTry to make accountpage not available7:30pmWas able to sneak in and create an account before the page went down againWin7:35pmTry and Log in, G997:45pmERROR G998:00pmERRPR G998:30pmERROR G998:45pmERROR G999:00PMERROR G999:30PMERROR G9910:00PMERROR G9910:30PMERRPR G9911:00PMThere has been a breakthroughIt seems I have beaten Error G9911:01PMERROR G2911:15PMERROR G2911:30PMERROR G2911:45PMERROR G2911:59PMERROR G29It seems as though I am stuck in limbo.As if, I had been cast for Inception 2Tomorrow will be a new day. New beginnings12:00AM JANUARY 16thERROR G2912:15AMERROR G2912:30AMERROR G2912:40AMThe code has been defeated.Now able to get into main menu12:41AM[object CharacterSelectServerRow]12:42AM[object CharacterSelectServerRow]12:43AM[object CharacterSelectServerRow]12:44AM[object CharacterSelectServerRow]12:45AM[object CharacterSelectServerRow]This is all that the server list saysI...I cannot go on much longer.Please, you must be stronger than me.The hype was....too much.Gabe....Sony...Why have you....foresaken me?...........12:46AM"
,Recommended,295110,27929695,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Marshall™,OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHboiii
,Recommended,295110,14604225,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,YoungMildew,"Somewhat geared, friend that was protecting me got glitched and stuck under a shelf.Had a pistol that he dropped for me... I knew what I had to do.Began to play a cermonial trumpet in his memory.Aimed down sight...Said my good byes...Fired a shot into his head..Wiped the tears away as I walked through the Pleasant Valley of the shadow of death.Goodnight.. dear friend... till we next meet."
76561198127819315,Recommended,295110,18571616,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,GLiTCh,SUMMIT!!!!!10/10Would play again
,Not Recommended,295110,14034095,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,LewisUK_,No. Boring and too many hackersSave your money
,Recommended,295110,19355984,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Redzod3,"This game in my opinion is better than DayZ, for graphics, for crafting, for listening to the players feed back and making positive changes in the game. I enjoy the PvE and Batle Royal. This game is getting better and better."
,Not Recommended,295110,23024687,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Tesla,"This game would do better to roll all of the changes back to the way they were in Oct 2015 and start working there.  All of my team and myself (20+ people) have stopped playing because of the all the things that they have broken.  Like not being able to land a melee hit on anything for 2 months.  I feel like I have parkinson's or something.  Not to mention that fact they kept nerfing all of the weapons.  Any head shot on a zombie should be a one hit kill.  2 head shots with a 9mm to take out a zombie is BS.  Something that they should do for fun is like we did, we build a few race tracks, and jump courses to see who could be the most air.  They need to have more content in this game, quest, missions, story and craft-ables.  I have been waiting on a very simple one, flashlight + duck tape + shoot gun.  But there has not been any change in items or content for months and the new zombies don't count. This is the reason why all the servers pop have dropped to low.  The game has great potential if they would just listen to the players and not the cheaters and wining babies out there.  If they are going to kill the game off I wish they would just do it already.  It give you a comparison H1Z1 has 3953 in game and ARK has 50806 in game right now.  704 hours logged, 4 sever wipes each one worst then then the previous."
,Not Recommended,295110,20697472,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,The Legendary Tibs,Get King of the Hill. It is the only part of this game worth buying.
,Not Recommended,295110,23044889,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Venumb,"[Regards to PVP ruleset on H1Z1:Just Survive]I have about 66 hours of gameplay and several hours invested in forum research and youtube videos. I enjoy playing PVP, but have encountered so many issues about PVP that I immediately feel turned off and have no interest in playing. First of all, I enjoy the fact that you can build your own camp site and shelter, but theres no real point in doing this unless you can hack (dupe) all your materials, build a huge base and fill it up with goodies. When I play PVP (lone wolf) I am constantly trying to establish a small base in which to save up the few bullets I find on a run through POI's (Points of Interest). I would come back, maybe an hour later to the next day when I have time to play and find my base has been infultrated and all my bullets gone. So after going through this sh*t several times and getting set on fire while in my base by a molatov and coming back to my door removed and storage crate raided I began putting all my valuables on my person then logging out. You can imagine this doesn't last long either... Once a group of ""survivalists"" *coughs*chineseclans*coughs* come along they'll destroy you and take all your hard earned (gathered) bullets then proceed to insulting (talking sh*t) over the mic (whatever floats their little boats). Unless you are in a clan with a base and endless supply of bullets, IED's, molatov's, and Explosive Tip Arrows you will NOT enjoy playing this game alone. Maybe PVE, but definitely not PVP... I plan to ""Not Recommend"" this game or play it myself until a PVP server is implemented with non-raidable bases for those who play solo. Also got the luxury of finding an IED, INSIDE my shack... IED's, Ethanol, and Bio-Fuels should also be restricted from placement near anyones base to prevent explosive damage to players inside. Given some kind of perimeter of safety would be great, not saying someone outside waiting to shoot you should be restricted, just explosives that are placed on the ground this way I don't walk outside my shack and explode before closing the door.. I hope the developers read my review and implement this into some new servers otherwise my ambition to play this game is officially gone (May 17th, 2016/ 14:29:10)."
76561198160852825,Recommended,295110,17386289,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,KillerPotat099,"I've seen a lot of comments saying not to buy because its not done and will be free in the future, even though it isn't done, it's a great game and with every person who pays early access it gets better. So by not buying it you are waiting to get a free game thats not as good as it couldv'e been by paying just 20 bucks for hours and hours of fun. I have spent 522.3 hrs of my life on this game... It's totally worth it. BEWARE THE BEARS!pros: runs smoothly (cough dayz cough), great crafting system, awesome emotes (f6), variety of gamemodes like pve pvp and battle royal, lots of weapons, vehicles, cop cars have sirens (weeooweeeooo), variety of armor and clothes to wear, building structures, and it aint even done yet!cons: only 3 cars, zombies are acting weird recently...I can't think of anything else."
76561198047817006,Recommended,295110,14779612,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,The Cookie Boss,"It's a good game, but it could still use more for it's future."
76561198088590915,Recommended,295110,20567374,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,she wan fuk me cuz i got big dop,Battle royal is the best
76561197966354627,Recommended,295110,18658850,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Helle,"Every game you play is different, makes for an unending journey."
,Recommended,295110,18592249,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,WolvesElite,bad game
76561198126450957,Not Recommended,295110,24130060,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,FerMeister,"It was AWESOME for 6 months, but then it started going down hill. I went from: Damn I can't stop playing this, to not even touching it. I could've gotten a refund when the game split, but I still had some hope... Come on Daybreak! Make H1Z1 Great Again!"
,Recommended,295110,24202609,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Chmewy,"From playing my fare share of the game, I think its very good. Now do I like that they split this game into 2 so they could get more money, no. I do like this game more than Dayz because its far from not being as broken and unstable as its competitor Dayz. Some things I really dont like about this game our its problem to spawn weapons and ammo aprat and across the map. Also the map is kinda small for being able to hold a ton of people on 1 server. Things I do like are server wipes, now some people might not like this because they lose loot/base. But this helps clear server form crap and people becoming super OP. Also I like how this dosent let you server hop to grap loot like it dose in Dayz. Both games have there ups and downs, but I do think that this game is better than every other at the moment. Now I have read some of the reviews on this game so far and alot of them are about the hackers in the game. Now from my play time, I have ran into my fare shar of them. But it didnt ruin the game for me. Now thats just me. Dayz dose have alot of hackers in the game as this one as well. I would say just give it a try and see if you like it. From the mixed reviews  ."
,Not Recommended,295110,21340040,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,🅱 a l e x,my names killa memestar and lets gets rrrrrrrrright into da news!h1z1 is more♥♥♥♥♥♥than the fine bros revenue!( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Recommended,295110,14007904,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,SteelPrincess,"Contrary to what people ""believe"", the airdrops are not ""Pay 2 Win"". If you buy an airdrop, everyone in the vicinity has equal opportunity to make a run for that airdrop. Essentially, you're creating a server event that everyone can participate in, so even though you buy an airdrop, you are not guaranteed to get it; someone else very well might. If you have a crate key, someone can be stalking by the crate just waiting for someone to unlock it; so they can steal the stuff you supposedly paid for. Personally, I'd have a sniper rifle, hiding in the trees with sight on a crate just waiting for someone to come along to open it... and bam, head shot, then I'd take it.... even though I have my own crate keys (why would I use them when I can use someone else's?)Edit .... After playing for a half dozen hours, experiencing the world, and the beginning of what's to come... I can safely say this is going to be the definitive DayZ killer. Yes, it's rough around the edges, it's alpha after all, but damn, the atmosphere even in alpha stages is really quite keen. The forests feel like forests, not sparsely spaced trees, foilage is thick and concealing, and you can really get quite lost and disoriented in the H1Z1 forest... if you like survival games and you give this one a chance, it's awesome."
,Recommended,295110,14003802,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Cyberbrain,"The more I play, the more I want to survive.Great game, looking forward to all the future additions! H1Z1 is constantly evolving at this point for the better and is not Pay 2 Win. The fabled airdrops being pay to win is not true and an air drop can be taken by any players in the world. I have found a few that others have called down and it hasn't been anything game breaking.Can't stop playing!By the way, don't shoot first."
,Recommended,295110,29694934,Posted: 4 February,all,BlackBird,"I used to only play this game with a friend, and we had some amazing, scary and funny moments. What's so great about this game has to be the PVP aspects. It can bring up all kinds of emotions and just overall make your experience so good.Now it does seem like the community has lost interest in this game, and not too many people are playing. Personally i don't find it as fun as i used to anymore, since we have tried most of the things the game had to offer, and nothing new's really coming out.But i recomend this game if you haven't tried it. But i suggest you start out with one or more friends though, since that made my experience greater."
,Recommended,295110,14104054,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,t i x,h1z1 > dayzp2w = SHIIIIIIIIIIT
76561198042323100,Recommended,295110,14007506,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,mydrewpeanut,The servers were up starting at 3 a.m. eastern time and i played for a good few hours. The game visual wise looks decent. The animations are a  little clunky but plausible. The combat was pretty straight forward. After i got into a game i had very little problems. There were a few times where drawers and objects were placed wrong in a building and some houses have no objects in them which make them unlootable (especially in the big city). The game is fairly decent. SOE has worked their asses off to get the servers fixed. They seem very dedicated and hopefully this game will live up to its potential. The only thing i didn't like about H1Z1 was the loot/player spawns. Every town i search has already been searched by another player and i havent been able to loot many things. The hunger and thirst bar go down pretty fast as well and its hard to get food and water but fixing up a car was easy :) Anyways it's good to support a non-indie developer since you know they will work hard into this game so if you are willing to spend 20$ do cause its very fun to play and i have found many friendly players during my time in H1Z1.Final Verdict: 8/10
76561198072873109,Recommended,295110,19937802,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,QSBB,It's very nice to just walk for hours through the woods searching for other players and looting everything. For all who want exciting combat: BR is the thing! Very nice overall experience. Most fun to play with friends.
76561198187915779,Recommended,295110,32526884,Posted: 17 June,all,Dylan,This is a very fun game but I recommend you play with your friends.
76561198034879803,Not Recommended,295110,23595856,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Pooba,If you like Chinese hackers that like to trash the US servers. Than this is the game for you for sure.
76561198145413522,Not Recommended,295110,26043806,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,SmashCraft32,cant even run the game!
,Not Recommended,295110,17894524,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Mon G. Lloyd,This game is like having an abusive girlfriend. It treats us bad everytime but we always go back to it.10/9Edit:After an year of♥♥♥♥♥♥releases and broken promises I will have to downvote this game.The hype was fun while it lasted and I sincerly hope this game gets cancelled. There is absolutely no reason to buy this game right now.I'll still play it tho.;D
76561198291325050,Not Recommended,295110,23107997,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,YAS,they just wanna steal ur money
,Recommended,295110,32863864,Posted: 27 June,all,Chandler,Muito bom gostei bastante otimos graficos e Jogabilidade
,Recommended,295110,27299535,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,JordaneiroO,needs loads of fixesotherwise good game
76561198188321439,Not Recommended,295110,32923906,Posted: 28 June,all,Minari 名井 南,A total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t game that reset every 2 monthsGood luck wasting your time on this game
,Recommended,295110,32906992,Posted: 27 June,all,Trimstain,Great Game!
,Recommended,295110,20817478,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Rafr1canzZ //,"Hi H1Z1 Community, and hi you there sir that are looking for some info before giving your money away, so this is what you'll get if you buy H1Z1.There you'll be able to play Battle Royal alone, duao team and 5man agains 130+ players / teams.-In this gamemode you will feel the hate and sometimes you'll rage, because the guy that will kill you will talk some crazy random♥♥♥♥♥♥that goes from simple cursing to the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ russian blasfemies ...-the aim is so unrealistic that it hurts, the recoil damn can't even hit my enemies 5times in a row, I'm so low, ♥♥♥♥ i need a life...Sooooooo Survivalm is quite good after the wipe, until people start kiling on sight and raiding your house for no reason.Bla bla blaim tired..."
76561198029040200,Not Recommended,295110,19305126,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Tusken,"I bought the game wanting to play survival, and its all about BR and Microtransactions. The core games is not even being worked on. Devs say at the start that the map would grow larger...its still the same size...its just about milking it for all it has."
76561198123188781,Recommended,295110,32897282,Posted: 27 June,all,Bowman512,10000*******
,Recommended,295110,17706812,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Howsyer,"Early Access Alpha ReviewI was hyped before this game came out and was being talkled about on twitch Streams (Looking at you Geekdomo & SattelizerGames). It was touted by the Devs, who were often in those streams I mentiond, as a zombie survival game. I was excited about the game and dished out $40 for this game which will be ""Free"" to play thinking the focus of the game was to be zombie survival and my contribution would help the Devs. It's not.What started out as a zombie MMO has turned into an FPS. Battle Royale has become the focus of the Devs as they see it is a cash cow. They have left the Survival aspect of the game fall away to nothingness. When I want to play an actual ZS game, I play 7 Days To Die. At least for now.This game is of course still in Early Access Alpha, so there is a lot of potential for improvement of Survival Mode.Modes:Battle Royale - free for all, hardcore, 2 man teams or 5 man teams where the goal is to be the last player standingSurvival - various PvP & PvE serversWhile this game will be free to play upon it's release, the whole game won't be free.  Only the Survival Mode will be free. To play Battle Royale you will need either Event Tickets, which can be won by playing Battle Royale or bought for $1. That is 1 ticket per Battle Royale at $1 each or pay a $6.99 subscription fee for unlimited Battle Royal. While it is EAA, joining BR does not cost tickets, so playing now and stockpiling tickets you win is a good idea if you are like me and refuse to pay a monthly subscription for access to an FPS arena.You can also get crates with skins for your clothing in game and can buy a key open the crate like TF2 or CS:GO.While there are flaws, it is still enjoyable. The Battle Royale is a good time and even better when playing the team modes. The Survival Mode leaves a lot to be desired, but it's still early and they can surely make improvements before full release. I've had fun playing it with friends and that is why I am still recommending this game."
76561197970838694,Recommended,295110,14012217,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Slightlymad,"Origionally I posted a negative review as the AI was broken , the servers were shoddy and the queue times were a joke but now having the fortune to find one server that was not broken the following happened:-The AI instead of floating in the air and ignoring us started to work as a pack getting attracted to our group as it grew , one Z opened the front door and allowed his buddies in what an oh crap moment.Without the lag everything falls into place and humans are the most terrifying encounter.At the moment bases and storage appear a little buggy but when they get that fixed its quite a fun game.When its working and the server is good its better than day Z when its not its a nightmare.a game showing some promise if it doesnt get ruined by people with large wallets"
76561198200677859,Recommended,295110,18138542,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,EssentialGG,Great Game!!!
,Not Recommended,295110,20752513,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Pickle Rick,this game is just as broken as its security i was wrongfully banned for no reason but overall the de-install button gets a 10/10
,Not Recommended,295110,32696296,Posted: 23 June,all,Goose,"If you liked to get f#$ked for cheap, like Taco Bell on a hot day.. This is for you."
76561198159294089,Not Recommended,295110,23121765,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Camorox cs.money,this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥one day you can play it the next you cant and your like WTF 20$ for♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!!
,Not Recommended,295110,20867332,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,'+'King Louie*ANV,Change the name from H1Z1 to Battle Royale.
76561198163578991,Recommended,295110,17014750,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Nacho,Not what i expected in the game but it is a Early Access. Yet its still a pretty good game
,Not Recommended,295110,20728239,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,arcH,"They need to fix the glitches, they are everywhere. A few days ago me and my friend said, lets play some H1Z1, we waited like 10 mins to find a game and when the game started it crashed. And sometimes a glitch happens. You've just started a new BR game and when you spawn, you spawn without a parachute and you crash into the ground. Then you'll die immediately. Please devs fix the bugs, so i can change these sentences."
,Not Recommended,295110,20864730,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,𝓦𝓪𝓷𝓽𝓮𝓭𝓝𝓲𝓷𝓸,Got Banned for using Skype good job Daybreak ! 10/10
,Recommended,295110,20406568,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,wbz,"okay so.H1Z1 is a game that people originally start to play because they think it's good. Well yes. It's perfect. Literally, the game is a ""real-life-zombie-apocalypse-simulator"" except that if you die you respawn.BR: Frustrating racist kids screaming random♥♥♥♥♥♥and playing music in lobbies.Normal: Random kids killing and chasing you with a branchKEY: do not trust anyone <3"
76561198027713190,Not Recommended,295110,21059867,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Setanta,This game had soooo much potential but hasn't lived up to what it could have been. The map has never changed or expanded and all the devs seem to be interested is battle royale. I haven't personally had much problems with hackers but i am well aware that they are in the game.There are good points to the game but since it moved from Sony to Daybreak the development to the survival element has been slow to non existant.Now it is being split in two i fear the worst for this game.Once again this game just hasn't been the game i hoped.
,Recommended,295110,18590374,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,X Sailor Pickles,Buy a zombie game to only kill humans in Battle Royale.10/10
76561198068049586,Not Recommended,295110,21089866,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Villiers33,"I got a seriously problem here, and I believe it can not be solved. Why ban China IP?!!!I'm a Chinese who go to US for college, I love this game so much, however, I will go back to China this Summer which means I can not play it anymore(unless I use VPN).I searched online why H1Z1 ban China IP, there is the main reasons: Chinese cheat, but, all people are cheating in this game not only Chinese. For example, there are 3 bases nearby mine.( I only play PVP), those base owners come from Korea, Canada and US. We fight everyday and I reported them because I know they were cheating, and some of them got banned. So why ban China IP only? There are many players come from China dont cheat. The reason why you think there are many Chinese cheat is because Chinese have large population base.Hope this game can allow China IP before I go back."
76561198175678629,Recommended,295110,18752042,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Frost,good game have fun playing
,Not Recommended,295110,21105274,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,The_AnT1DoTe_Slo,"""Free 2 Play"" Sells 2 games separately for 20$ each"
,Not Recommended,295110,14041065,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,sabun mahmut,"with the queues in eu servers and lacking a very large number of eu servers this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ add more servers and more capacity. Sony, you are not prepared."
76561198262344738,Not Recommended,295110,21082873,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,RAGU,dont like it
76561198053728146,Not Recommended,295110,21083279,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Spastic,"I was very excited for this game when it was announce.Big selling point was:1) A large map2) Zombies that are an actual threat3) Zombies EVERYWHERESadly, all these thing were given up on.The map is small. Five minutes to cross on foot.The zombies are no threat after five minutes in game and rarely will you see more than two or three at a time.Cheaters are prominant. No clipping into bases to steal your gear, aimbotting and ESP are common.When the developers realized that they could scrape more money they put all their effort into Battle Royale PVP. And now, splitting the game into two individual purchases."
76561198280345281,Not Recommended,295110,21085919,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,snake3332001,If I refund my game and I can't play it then I should recieve my money. You should either give me my money or let me play the game until I recieve the money.
,Not Recommended,295110,14106909,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,taquito,"I wrote a review in the past for this game with high hopes. I bought the game on its release hoping for a new zombie survival game that the devs would care about and try to improve. At first, it seemed like that would be the case. Now though, over the year that I have had the game, I have seen little progress towards the actual survival mode for the game. Now it is just about Battle Royale (You know... the ""alternative"" to the survival mode). Along with the micro-transactions they have added with skins for clothing, and the CSGO mimicking crates and keys. I used to be a huge fan of this game believing in the devs to update it and make it amazing, and yet I am left with only a little more than what I started with..."
76561198048495680,Not Recommended,295110,20790993,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Skrækir,"Terrible game. If you don't have a gun, everyone who has one (and ammo) will just 1 shot you and nothing you can do about it - you lose all your stuff and respawn again in the wild... only to repeat the same BS again."
76561198263585255,Not Recommended,295110,20727787,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,crazyboy597,"I did not use any plug-in, auxiliary programs, but I still blocked game.After the complaint has no detailed explanation Only developers found themselves, it is very disappointing."
,Recommended,295110,17639154,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,BabyPole,BR's is what makes this game9/10
,Not Recommended,295110,21325789,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,eric,"Crappy game ,♥♥♥♥♥♥developers!"
76561198108064053,Not Recommended,295110,21326339,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,emomper23,"This is a new low for game developers, an early access alpha game that has microtransactions already, promising to be a free to play multiplayer, and takes the the multiplayer portion right out of the player's hands. This UNETHICAL DISGUSTING tactic should get these developers and their games removed from steam permanately. I am uninstalling right now.WASTE OF $20 LITERAL CANCER!!!"
,Not Recommended,295110,21620765,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Stereoheart18,orospiler merdivenlere pusuyor bu yaptıkları insanlığa sığmaz
76561198035789457,Recommended,295110,14346573,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,NXG,"This game is fun would rate it 8/10. H1Z1's future looks bright it isnt a perfect game with bugs and glitches although only still in alpha phase is still very fun and entertaining. It is a slow paced game but very fun to play with someone you know, i recommend people to try it out."
,Recommended,295110,18626053,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Keien,"Makes your hearth pound like♥♥♥♥♥♥Gonna play for some more hours.The survival isn't really survival, but battle royal is in my opinion sololy worth the 20 bucks."
,Not Recommended,295110,21191851,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,WillZdeKillr,Minimum PC Specs and Recommended PC Specs are two VERY different things.Edit: Just learned about Steam refunds. Best decision I've ever made.
,Not Recommended,295110,21281868,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,TheElite96,"H1Z1 just split into two games. Yep that's right. And not only two games, two $20.00 games. That's basically why it's not recommended.H1Z1 is a very fun survival game, my favorite being the Battle Royale gamemode, now known as ""King of the Kill"". The games have not changed one bit, still very fun, but for new players, this could be heartbreaking. A previously single $20.00 game is now split up into two games that you have to basically choose which one you want to buy/play instead of just choosing the gamemode. I think this idea of splitting the game was just a way of getting more money and basically scamming new players into buying two games for what once was a single game. Other than that, I recommend this game 100%. For now, i'll say Not Recommended."
76561198061828873,Recommended,295110,18180348,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Lucas,This game is badass! Battle Roayle FTW. I've never played normal H1Z1. I'm a savage!
76561198067876545,Not Recommended,295110,19645564,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Wolven,This game gets worst everytime i go back and try it out.
,Recommended,295110,17225431,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,☺☻☺Beau☺☻☺,this is a nice game with two  game modes like Battle Royale and servival
76561198038824311,Not Recommended,295110,20990179,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,FanToM_^,Don't buy the game if you want to be vs. zombies because there isn't. I was expecting more of the game.
,Not Recommended,295110,21287249,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,AtrumLumiere,This won't help anyone who doesn't know me. Just... just don't buy this.
76561198053333859,Not Recommended,295110,21876648,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Tyrael,I spent a weekend playing the game and at first I liked it due to it being so much like other survival zombie games! Despite being routinely one shotted by other players during my first few hours I still played sixteen hours a day for my first two days. After a few more days and bearing witness to the insane amount of hackers taking advantage of players that don't cheat... I have decided to uninstall the game. I really didn't think hackers were that bad untill I was in my base and was shot through a wall and two shelters. A friend went to get my loot and got killed as well. So... all my gear was lost by the time we got back to base. This game doesn't do enough about hackers!
,Not Recommended,295110,21874664,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,TwoXStep,"Half a star out of five. Too many hackers and too many bugs, I just deleted the game out of my library. Don't waste your money on this game."
76561198100093842,Not Recommended,295110,21721327,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,TrueDefiance,"13 hours into the game, made a base. Got my base hacked into and all my stuff stolen, they never attacked they literally walked thru the wall and took everything."
76561198178591563,Recommended,295110,14529213,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,AgoNy_HAMM3R,"I've made about four friends in the game so far. People are not that friendily,and thats what this game lacks. If people we more nice the game would we alot more fun. Just saying. But,this game is great and i can't wait to see the full game. I'm here all the way to suport the game!"
76561198214180384,Recommended,295110,21956259,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Jay,To many bugs but if you like kicking zombie ads then all in all this game is good for you
,Recommended,295110,17676153,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Amar J,fix the glitch where sometimes in battle royal you parachute through the ground and die. also the white screen in the battle royal lobby
,Recommended,295110,20482735,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,The3RDdimension,"This game has done very well keeping me entertained i can't count the times i said ""One more game"" of battle royale after every game 10/10 More addictive then meth"
,Not Recommended,295110,22918765,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,LeMathewTv,game is full of hackers and makes the game no fun to play
,Recommended,295110,14017828,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Cal - twitch.tv/Hoachin,"Probably the best Battle Royale game available, don't buy this for the survival stuff, BR is where it's at."
76561197967546023,Not Recommended,295110,25568552,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Mattzilla,"I started playing this game day one.  I put 128 hours into it and stopped playing when the hackers started to run the servers.  We'd build a base and later someone would clip in, kill everyone and take everything.I've decided to come back in hopes of change and updates.  From reading the reviews the hackers still run the servers and there are no updates.I'll have a hard time ever trusting Daybreak again..."
76561198084941305,Not Recommended,295110,14020256,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Salad Fork,G99 is a ♥♥♥♥♥ and ive seen the reviews that lucky people got in and played it for a bit but the pay 2 win thing might just be for now its EARLY ACCESS not 4 years after game release just chill the ♥♥♥♥ out
76561198082886372,Not Recommended,295110,14019859,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,JOLLY ASSASSIN,PAY TO WIN
76561198163398841,Not Recommended,295110,14020258,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Hotel VII,error G99...
,Not Recommended,295110,14020116,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,WWR The White Wolf,"Absolute pile of turd, avoid like the zombie plague, would not even launch for me on my £4000 gaming computer, so will be getting refunded."
,Not Recommended,295110,14020249,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,♛ Unique,♥♥♥♥♥servers
,Not Recommended,295110,32576578,Posted: 19 June,all,ItsmeJB,Just don't......................No...................................
,Recommended,295110,17639145,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Scorpion,Aswome game.
,Not Recommended,295110,31824572,Posted: 18 May,all,Dr Magi,no good dev
76561197999662317,Not Recommended,295110,31817819,Posted: 18 May,all,Vanny,"*spends 20 minutes searching around for basic supplies/ammo.*Gets sniped 500 feet from pleasant valley....I mean I get there are servers for survival only, but I'm pretty tired of getting killed randomly by players."
76561198043162673,Not Recommended,295110,31825088,Posted: 18 May,all,zombie lover,good game if you like bugs and **** head players
76561198092386404,Recommended,295110,15398384,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,AtoMisE,Alot of fun!
,Not Recommended,295110,23012515,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Du'Islingr,"This review was meant for King of the Kill but since I would have to download that seperately now and run it for ♥♥♥♥in 5 minutes I will just make myself heard here as my connection is too♥♥♥♥♥♥to download it and wait like 5 hours to download 6gb.Actual Review:This game would be good if the developers actually gave a♥♥♥♥♥♥about the community instead of groveling for money. All the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ microtransactions and splitting the game in 2 for no ♥♥♥♥ing reason. I agree with every other well written negative review and am adding to the numbers in order to get the developers off their asses and work to make this game look good. Fix the damn bugs, get some graphic work done, more maps for the love of god. I haven't played for some time due to internet problems, but playing the same map over and over is ♥♥♥♥ing tedious. Especially on a game mode such as battle royale. When you are new and playing against the thousands of other players who have been playing the same mode for months and know the layout and the general spawn area for the weapons and vehicles. thats just ♥♥♥♥ing unfair.When the developers actually do their ♥♥♥♥ing job and I play again at some point and see the majority of the problems fixed, then I will change my review. Until then I wasted 40 dollars on this game cause I decided to be nice and buy the Premium Edition when that ♥♥♥♥ing existed and no longer does. But I find that extremly unlikely since its now pay to play when it was promised it would be free to play."
76561198044405857,Not Recommended,295110,23007715,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Beefclover,"Do not waste your money on this laggy 3 fps hackfest. The optimization is so bad that the game cannot handle loading a couple of shacks without crashing your computer, no matter what your specs are, and that's being modest. The fact that optimization thus far has been utter trash as well as their anti-cheat is evident of the half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥effort the devs have put towards improving their game, instead of new crates or skins."
,Not Recommended,295110,21775689,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,ッ  ッ  ッ  ッ  ッ  ッ  ッ  ッ  ッ  ッ  ッ,0/10
,Not Recommended,295110,21529176,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Brumsel,I loved it but then they r*ped(splitted) it.Dont recommend any of the H1Z1 creatures anymore.
,Not Recommended,295110,21530657,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Stephen Paddock,-9000/10 would shoot a screaming little Asian again while getting molested by wolves as I run out of ammo shooting the screaming asians
,Not Recommended,295110,21535937,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Rye,Ruined by splitting the game going to day z where they are a little more honest goodbye ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s
76561198187117373,Not Recommended,295110,21537773,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,miner295,"Broken Email problems, making you not able to play the game. It sucks it just opens a website that, tells you what to do, i do all that but it still does not work :(. $20 wasted for 1 hour of gameplay D:"
76561198006945164,Not Recommended,295110,21537955,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Karnicle,Mmm mmm i love the smell of microtransaction and basically making you buy their 2nd game in the morning
,Not Recommended,295110,21712761,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Buddy Christ,"I have played this game for a while & have a good bit of hours in it... i thought it had promise and i want to support it and the comapny. that being said. the changes have been minimal. the ones that have come are very anti-climatic. with some friends you can get some good laughs at some of the poor mechanics like the ATV has. though this game truly is only fun because of the sadistic community. if you have a sick sense of humor, the people in this game are right there with you. other than that, the devs have shown no reason for this community to respect them... it has been let down after let down, from changing their initial scope of the plannings for the game to abandoning 'road maps' of development progress that was truly a poor let down to the entire community. it was a chain of broken promises.The company lost its head (John Smedly) at a crucial time and it effected this game and every other game connected to the company that now is ""Daybreak Games"" (Formerly SoE.. Sony online Entertainment)This company has a track record over time for letting down their community & NOT listening to them.Look up Star Wars Galaxies... I still miss that game..."
76561198034624997,Not Recommended,295110,21712848,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Tsul,"I think the gameplay is great. I think this is a well rounded great game. I dont even think it should get negative reviews for not being F2P, yeah it sucks devs said one thing and did another, but trust me thats a human condition. There is a ##### rip off of this game called Romero's Aftermath here on steam that is F2P. If you play romero's then you will see why I don't mind that this game is not F2P. What is getting it the negative review from me has nothing to do with gameplay. It's because the rest of my computer does not belong to daybreak. I like the idea of stopping cheaters, but i also like have programs installed that help with other games. When I play fallout 4, which is single player, I use cheat engine to help me place in the red. I like that your trying to stop cheaters, in an mmo they can really hurt things, but my hard drive, my processor, my video card, my motherboard. Daybreak bought none of the components that make up my computer so DICTATING what can be installed for an executable to run(THAT I PAID FOR) is a REALLY ♥♥♥♥♥♥ way to stop cheaters! So even though I really do love this game, I CAN NOT give it a positive review."
,Recommended,295110,17181748,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,D1UP,"225 hours played, to be real i ♥♥♥♥ with this game hard body. i mean me and my squad run up on lil hoe boys and smaccckkk the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of them like i really cant be messed withd,; like you see me and the squad your toast no eggs or pancakes. battle royal is what put this game at the top for ya boy, i mean im winning left and right and no one can ♥♥♥♥ with the ak shot i mean dang♥♥♥♥♥♥be on point, but at the end of the day if ur on the fence about this game get it... think about it, you spend 20 bucks eating out anyway give it a shot if you dont like it so what u♥♥♥♥♥boy, see ya haters"
,Recommended,295110,14023578,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Pilehymer,"Release of this game was a disaster. I was very close to cashing in on SOE's No questions asked Refund.After getting past the disasterous release, They have released Patch after Patch to improve Servers, Gameplay and everything in between. It's been a very fun time. I feel it was worth the money spent, for the amount of fun I've had, and will probably continue to have."
,Recommended,295110,16845135,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,zNx'Manelao,This Game is very cool to play with friends even if u died u don't feel very sad :D (PS: Be careful with the Bear :P)
,Not Recommended,295110,21183386,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,This Chief,Terrible just ♥♥♥♥ing terrible i'd rather hang my self then playing this♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,295110,21051652,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Xaolong,Garbage!!!
76561197981730421,Not Recommended,295110,21047588,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,The Great Shake,This game is utter trash from the design to the gunplay. Other survival games have done better at the gunplay mechanics but this game.
,Recommended,295110,19761005,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,*xCrit* -no sound,Still buggy due to alpha. But amazingly fun.
,Recommended,295110,16088979,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,DTM72,The game is so fun with friends but there is hackers. I haven't seen one hacker yet and hope I don't. Don't listen to the other reviews about so many hackers i have been around the map lots of times and haven't seen one. It is KOS most time in the city's i mean that is most MMO games in big city's there will be lots of KOS. So far I love the game10/10 Would play again
76561197987752132,Not Recommended,295110,21160798,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,fxR,"I hate writing negative reviews but honestly just seeing other comments makes me angry, in an agreeing kind of way. Ive put a few hours into this game, at first things were broken which was fine with early access but I was generally afraid of other people in the game which made it fun.With more updates came more good and bad. Then just bad... The game was released as a survival game first and this ""battle royale"" stuff second. After failing in developing a solid survival game all the devs have done is focus on e-sports (yeah can you imagine) and tournaments for battle royale. Adding a new hospital etc in the map isnt appealing.This game is so cheater riddled survival was impossible. There were so many solutions to the ""hacking bases"" problems etc but the game was abandoned. Promises of a bigger map now a year and half delayed.Good- Big map- Interesting concept- There are other good things but honestly they are overshadowed by bad things.Bad- Survival mode isnt survival at all. You really dont need to get any water or food because someone will kill you for no reason long before you require any.- Hacking, both aiming and stealing all your stuff out of your base. Zero point wasting your time.- Zombies do NOTHING and affect NOTHING.- A survival game now just a free for all battle royal game.- Devs backing on promises, now making 2 separate games and charging people now twice over for a game that was originally planned as being free to play.Game had potential, now its just♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Go get The Forest or Stranded Deep instead to hold you off or wait for a new zombie game. This isnt what your looking for."
76561198123144518,Recommended,295110,16022024,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Myth,This game is for everyone who likes looting and zombies!! And also its better to start a PvE Server to get into the game!
,Recommended,295110,15273281,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Trix,Getting there.Battle Royale makes the game fun.
76561198050549274,Recommended,295110,14473818,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,devincii,"If you're looking for a fun game to play with friends, and overall end up swarming around a single armed generic caucasian man and attempt to punch him to death, this is the game for you"
,Recommended,295110,14759749,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,HITTAMAN CSGOBlocks.com,"Alpha access so obviously there are very many bug issues. Overall best survival game out right now in my opinion even in Early access!! The crafting system in this game is what keeps me playing aside from the amazing PvP interaction ;D and if your the type of person that likes.....""stuff"" theres plenty of loot just lying around to be scooped away for the taking! Id give H1Z1 a solid (in its current state) 8/10."
,Not Recommended,295110,15452337,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Arizona,Game wont start. I just keep getting some ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t♥♥♥♥♥error message after the game crashes. And my computer can run battle field 4 at ultra graphics setting. This game is ♥♥♥♥ed!
,Not Recommended,295110,14394417,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,corporal,"Crashes every 10 minutes, servers are all based in NA. Steam are ignoring my refund requests, basically it's unplayable and I could have spent my money something else."
,Recommended,295110,14942263,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Pure Sea,">Found a shack without a door on it>Put a door on it and called it mine>Tidying up the base and adding storage containers when I hear someone walk outside my door>He's literally right outside my door>Would never open it, everything I own is in this shack>Say hey>I discovered his name was ""iHateAsians"">Asks me if I'm asian>I say no>He says ""Well, have a nice day then!"" and walks away10/10"
,Recommended,295110,14735975,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,TacoPaco,"-Day One:I woke up in a forest. Tore up my shirt and made a bow. Found a branch and shoved a metal shard in the front. Killed a guy, got his♥♥♥♥♥♥-Day Two:Killed more guys. Got their♥♥♥♥♥♥ Found a motorcycle helmet. Crashed.Day Three:CrashedDay Four:CrashedDay Five:Jumpscared by Freddy. Crashed.Day Six:Crashes fixed. No longer feels like playing burnout 3. Fun.9/11 would crash again"
,Recommended,295110,14739942,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,ThePandaLegend,hi
,Recommended,295110,14747869,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,-=312th=- life,"I was playing with some friends on a PvE server, we gathered all kinds of supplies and weapons.  Had an AR15 with ammo, and a bow.  My friends went AFK for a few minutes.. I was bored waiting for them to come back so i started hunting some deer.   I was tracking this deer for at least a mile up the mountain side.   Coming over a cliff side i spot a bear.  He hasnt spotted me yet... ""i got this"" I pulled my bow back and aimed for the head, i was hesitant to release the arrow.  I held it there on his head as he walked away..  he got about 70 yards down the hill from me and i said ♥♥♥♥ it.  That arrow flew straight, i watched it take the perfect arc, and bam right in the♥♥♥♥♥of the bear.  He let out a roar that actually scared me.  I turned and ran, i knew he was coming, and i knew he wasn't happy.  I ran, i ran so much my finger was hurting from being in the same position for so long.. every now and then i would turn around to see if he was still chasing and every time i turned around he gained a little bit of distance in between us... he got close enough i could hear his galloping feet right behind me.  i got back to our base, bear still in tow.  no where to go, i jumped on to a van.  In my freaking out from the longest run for my life i have ever been in, i fell off the back of the van and for the life of me could not get back on.  the bear got eat that day, i lost all my invetory, and while i can find a ar15 just about anywhere, i can not find any ammo... i curse myself everyday i start this game for shooting a bear with a bow.Sidenote: BUT, if you do want to have some fun with a wolf..   We was over by the waste management plant (or whatever it is) a wolf decideed i was his next dinner and chased me, i came to a lane divider, and jumped it.  the wolf couldn't but wanted me so bad he ran around..  noticing this i jumped back to the other side, again he ran the long way around.  we continued this dance for at least 10 minutes. and each time he would get to where i use to be standing i could hear his growls getting louder.  after the 10 minute mark, his growls turned into wimpers.  Had a friend come over to laugh with me as i toyed with this wolf,  he actually stood in the path of the wolf, but that wolf had his scent of Life and wanted me only.  I finally killed the wolf after getting tired of jumping back and forth.   Ever since then any wolf we had came across while we were ina group has gunned for me.   I think that one wolf's ghost follows me and told all other wolf's that im the mother ♥♥♥♥er that toyed with him before brutally murdering him with a fire axe."
,Recommended,295110,14940734,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Slezmass,well i played a few minutes found a zombie had a boxing match with it bit me now bleeding quest to find more boxing matches with zombies like a beast
,Recommended,295110,14952784,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Amanda Buns (ღˇ◡ˇ)~♥,You don't fear the walkers in this game. You fear the people and the community... But most of all you fear the bears.
76561198105197771,Recommended,295110,14934674,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Mr.EpicPieMan,"I like the game but the only problem is i get the worst fps i ave ever seen from any game i have played on this laptop. I dont have the best laptop, but please fix something to help it run better please"
,Not Recommended,295110,21585959,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Erik,$$$$$$$$$
76561198024886758,Not Recommended,295110,21593046,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,ϟKenny McCormickϟ,"Can't even play, keep getting an error after I bought early access, and they wont send me an email about my new password  or code to play, I am♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥OFF!"
76561198012358849,Not Recommended,295110,21576660,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Lord Perth,The game was great when it first came out. Haven't played in awhile than find out that it's been split into two different games. Eh...My M8's and I got our moneys worth. $20 was not that bad for the almost 300 hours I have logged. Too many bugs (the same bugs) that haven't been addressed.
,Not Recommended,295110,21578295,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,what was that,░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░▄h1z1 ▄░░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
,Not Recommended,295110,21592564,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Notofthiswar,"Lets see, Im not really sure where to start with this game....honestly its been out for a bit over a year now and nothing new no map expansions or anything has come to it what so ever other then splitting the game into 2 and basically ruining Battleroyal which is now king of the kill......yep okay.So lets get down to it so like i said it has been a bit over a year and they have not done anything exiting with the game at all, New weapons maybe here and there and added more micro transactions because you know they are greedy ♥♥♥♥ers but seriously nothing new that would keep people playing, Next to this though in the game if you were to play high populated servers the games lagged down by player bases, by lagged down I mean FPS loss and also Server lag but that might just be because the servers suck that they are using for this game.  With high population servers comes very low chances of living and finding any weapons other then what you can craft, because the map is so small i can bet you by the time you get anywhere someone will already be there or have been there to grab anything at all leaving you with food and such yes but no guns, Oh I should mention other then being bored and having to search all over and trying to live from other players becase well zombies are once again useless and players are the only threat you might as well just be playing battlefield 4 only even more ♥♥♥♥♥♥.  Its basically a race to find a gun and ammo so you can kill other players and thats about it.   ITs not like ark where the Dinos are actually HARD and you have to survive No its easy and you gotta avoid♥♥♥♥♥♥♥untill you get a gun then you can be a♥♥♥♥♥♥and kill bambi players.Survival games are going down hill fast, the only survival games out there that are any good at all are rust and ARk  for the reasons for that are self explained."
,Not Recommended,295110,21582688,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Decent Touch,"They split the game, and charge $20 foreach...what?"
76561198061182670,Not Recommended,295110,21577521,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Venkman,day brake can go ♥♥♥♥ it self!
,Not Recommended,295110,21578651,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,✌,"One of those few games where there can be aboslutely nothing interactable within a 5km radius of your spawn point. I have far above the recommended specs and I can tell you its nowhere near enough for this abomination. It is incredibly obvious the developers put aboslutely no effort in making this game enjoyable. No dedicated servers (or if they are dedicated, they are permanently down). Utter garbage, unplayable, barely passable as even a walking simulator.1/10The 1 is because the game actually runs occasionally."
,Not Recommended,295110,21588758,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Sneaks,H1z1 is ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥they just stole my ♥♥♥♥ing money and now I'm broke living on the streets
,Recommended,295110,16528849,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,BerryPie,"I'm really loving this game. About 200 hours into it and I can't get enough. Yes there are bugs, and some glitches, yes people find ways around things like always....but its alpha, you know that and expect it and it makes it fun! We kill things, build things, get a wipe and do it again! We interact, loot, discover and grow ... <3 <3 <3 Then... we make berry pie."
,Recommended,295110,16511318,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,F12,Twerking Simulator 2015..........Would Twerk again
,Not Recommended,295110,16456856,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Mobius,another scam
,Recommended,295110,16539886,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,GR00V3R,"UPDATE: The developer has now made the ""very interesting"" decision to split out Survivor mode and Battle Royale as two separate games: Just Survive and King of the Kill respectively. I can still recommend Just Survive, but be aware that it's no longer anything like as compelling a package as it was when I wrote this review. I was seriously tempted to give it a No.""Early Access"" has become a byword for ""does not work"", and H1Z1 certainly does crash on occasion. But I've got to say that, even at alpha, it's more stable and more fully-featured than a lot of AAA games I've played (I'm looking at you, Battlefield 4).The devs (originally Sony, but now spun off as a separate entity called Daybreak) have gone the World of Warcraft path, making the game as visually simple as they could without ruining the immersion, and I think they've done a great job. What this means is that the engine should be fine on lower-spec machines, so unless your PC is older than, say, 3-4 years old, it will probably be able to play it just fine.The base game is a survival-horror FPS with (at the moment) limited RPG elements, and that won't appeal to everyone. I eventually got bored of looting for ammo, searching for cars, food and water, hunting animals, and so on...and then I discovered the Battle Royale mode.The Battle Royale mode is an amazing game. I HAVE NEVER BEEN SO ADDICTED TO A GAME IN MY LIFE. And when you win Battle Royale (which is HARD when there's a starting field of more than 140 players), it's the biggest rush you'll achieve in multiplayer gaming anywhere.As a side note, something I find especially impressive is that the game is very playable from Australia on the US servers.Do yourself a favour. Get this game now."
,Recommended,295110,16592763,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,SWINDLED,"ok, this game is great. The community is like a boner, little rough at first but it'll grow on ya.BR is the amazingly fun, nothing like slaughtering salty♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s for 30 to 45 mins.SURVIVAL is great, especially fun if you team up with players and build a clan base.Pros:This game is improving at a constant rate.Fun pvp, yea it's different but it very fun.Great crafting systemloot cycles so no server restarts every couple of hoursActual survial not just another shooterBows :3, if you like legolas or katpiss your gonna have a good time!dev involvemnetCONS:♥♥♥♥faces who kill freshies on site, its ok to KOS looted players, they can kill you but dont be a♥♥♥♥♥♥to freshies.♥♥♥♥ing crowbars dont have enough health.♥♥♥♥ing griefers who place punjis everywarelike two player models white male and white female.TO THE DEVS:DONT GO FREE TO PLAY, this game will get overloaded but hackers trolls and children, severs will be unplayable because ques will be too long DONT ♥♥♥♥ING DO ITadd more player modelsTHANKS FOR BEING SO GREAT THUS FAR! ;)"
76561198218722896,Recommended,295110,16664651,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Molten Mango,"I understand that H1Z1 is in its Early Access Stage, but keep on fixing those irritating bugs and glitches like zombies walking through walls. Oh and please make your anti cheat system more better because I have been experiencing multiple hackers on the server I play on and there still not getting banned?!"
76561198055077641,Recommended,295110,16653114,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,CyborgFrieza,Jumped off 2 foot rock... didnt break both legs 10/10.  In all seriousness its a good game i give it 7/10.
,Recommended,295110,16712043,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,♛ Naks,11/9 pretty good
,Recommended,295110,16718913,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,RallerzHD,Ver gud game!! :D
,Recommended,295110,16214240,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,SovietStorm,10 out of 10 I have played this for 60 hours and I have to say its awesome... unless you play it alone or if your new you will be killed alot but once you get the hang of it its SUPER FUN!!!
,Recommended,295110,14170799,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,TryHardEggplant,Running from zombies and avoiding large groups of players. Make my way into mountains. Forgot about bears. Eaten by bear.10/10 Would be eaten by bear again.
,Recommended,295110,14458706,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,sowderman,"Is good now.  Hopefully they take into consideration the feedback from the community more than the new shareholders.  If a company would just go rogue and do things right, this could be one for the ages."
,Recommended,295110,14461461,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Teenslippertokkienektasjeman,"Spawned in a small forest, see another guy. Try to interact with that guy. Another person comes running up being chased by 3 others. Eventually there was a fight club in the forest 10/10."
76561198131865902,Recommended,295110,16025453,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Tomas,really fun and good game worth buying it! <3
76561198193874628,Recommended,295110,16004760,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,jakegarhofer,"Spent 3 Days Finding a Car, Ran into a tree, blew up...10/10"
,Not Recommended,295110,16013743,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Tron-,"As others have said - this game seems to miss the whole point of what people might enjoy or want in an online zombie/survival game. No community spirit, nothing but pvp kill-on-sight. Add to that micro-transactions and overall a pretty 'clunky' feel and you have 1 hour's waste of time and €19 I could've done something more enjoyable with.Almost as much fun as hitting yourself in the face."
,Recommended,295110,16884479,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Rikka,"Pro's - Ingame mic chat, easy to make friends and forge bases with those friends. The cities have objectives to t5ake over and benefits if you succeed (The police stations in cranberry and pleasant valley) also you can choose to play passive or aggressive in this game. Great cities, and amazing graphics. Non toxic community (Not counting battle royal) Building a base is extremely fun, also you are capable of making multiple layers on one base. Raidable bases.Con's - Some people kill on site, only 3 cities (Could also be a pro) too easy to pick berries and not starve to death or dehydrate. On large servers people form clans and horde all the cars on the map. Raidable bases. Zombie AI glitches (Fixed) some non game changing glitches.This game is one of my new favorites, I have been playing for a while now, and I can 100% tell you this is the best Apocolypse MMO I have ever played, having owned rust, and dayz both standalone and arma 2 mod. This game truly takes the cake,and is now one of my favorite gamesEdit: This game is not at all pay to win. Airdrops have minimal rescources and are rarely called in, when they are calledin there is always commotion near it and usually a gun fight to get the loot. The loot is about 5 items that you could achieve in 30 minutes worth of play time."
,Recommended,295110,16533242,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,HameZ,Better than DayZ
,Recommended,295110,17016904,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,VenKazi,"Pros: fun with friends, fun surviving zombies fun killing zombies and animals (♥♥♥♥ you peta)meh's: pvp sucks literal♥♥♥♥♥ the bs market 90% of the timecons: pvp the thousands and thousands of hours you can play this game.. will be wasted on walkingalso joining into the game with your♥♥♥♥♥♥having been jacked is dumb,7.5/10 ""just another game ill prob hardly ever play"" -AxeIGnNGa chinaoverall i vote up becuase you get the option to not play pvp and such"
,Recommended,295110,16769219,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,ThatRandomTurd,This is quite a fun game to play. There are some bugs here and there but that comes with it being early release.
,Recommended,295110,14075804,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,[AOD] Adapt1ve,"Held some guy up in a trailer park for his pants. He claimed he didnt have pants, I saw him wearing pants so I put an arrow in his head... He didnt have any pants.... WTH Sony.10/10 Would pants mug again."
,Not Recommended,295110,21328287,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Mizowski,"Look, honestly this game is fun, but man it's buggy as hell. The best part of this game is playing with friends and when your friends keep crashing and glitching out they don't want to play anymore. This game has been out for a long time and they still haven't fixed it. There are plenty of other bugs too. A lot of the time my game will even crash while starting up.But the real reason I'm writing this review is because they saw that their game became successful and decided to split it into 2 games charging the original $20 for each game totalling $40 now. HELL NO! WTH! You can't just up the price of a game like that! It's been out for at least a year and now you are doubling the price. Are you serious?! This was supposed to be a F2P game upon release and usually the longer games are out the less they cost, but you are one of the few companies to go the other way. Way to trash your companies name for some extra dough, which probably isn't even going to be that much. And the worst part is, your game is still just about as glitchy as when you started."
,Recommended,295110,14153851,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,RiDU,"Am i the only one who is actually enjoying this game? Anyways, apart from the p2w aspect, this is a fun and enjoyable game. And unlike DayZ, i can actually find loot in this game, and actually find other players. Don't get me wrong, i'm not hating on dayz, im just saying this game is a little easier to get used to. I recommend this game immediantly."
76561198066499483,Recommended,295110,17480976,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,JesterWolfer,love it anofe sayed
,Recommended,295110,14703026,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,[MCLMF]TheGammaGhost,"Deffinitly a great game, Has a mode called Battle Royale, in wich you are dropped into the open world via parachute, along with 150 other players. You have to scavange as quick as you can to get guns and ammo, and a car if you're lucky enough, or know where to look. Then you have to get to a point, marked on your map, that gets smaller and smaller, as the match progresses, Killing everyone in your path, Trying to team in this mode is usually futile, but will happen occasionally. Your goal, is to be the last one alive, and if you are, you get awesome rewards.Survival mode is great too, you can build shacks, store you loot in boxes you craft, interact with fellow noobs, or just kill everyone in sight. I've found the interactions between players on this game to be awesomly hilarious.For the price, its def worth it!"
76561198070302098,Not Recommended,295110,21200596,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,HockeyMikey,this daybreak account is♥♥♥♥♥♥ I forgot my main account i used and it won't let me use another one. So all I have to say is that they are a buch queers.
76561198094404718,Recommended,295110,14318728,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,NoFace,GREAT!!!!!
,Not Recommended,295110,14892423,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Young Prodigy,"Battle Royal is going to have a paywall in the future. I bought this game for that, then they went and announced that they're going to have a paywall to enter the games.I want a refund."
,Recommended,295110,17423698,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,TheDarkGamer,"It's a really good game to in early access.You can team up or get killed without treason or be a lone wolf.The possibilites are jsut endless.So many things to do such a great game,cant wait to see this game in the future."
,Not Recommended,295110,24833160,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Canada,"I used to love this game, I really did. Me and my friend would sit down and we'd play and talk about what to build, what to do, and it was amazing. Hours put into this game, hoping that eventually it'd get better. Well, it didnt. The second Daybreak took control, it went downhill. Fast. Infact, I only just got the game to work, and it was still laggy as hell, even though I could run the game at around 55~60 FPS always, wherever I was.It's sad seeing some potential so good get wasted.GG Daybreak.5.1/10, still slightly enjoyable with friends"
76561198160625416,Recommended,295110,17520896,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,pause,"I actually thought this game was gonna be♥♥♥♥♥♥ but it's not. There are bugs yes, but if you like survival games then go for it.  I really enjoy the Battle Royale mode. Don't listen to propagande that other players are talking about. If you like survival games, then buy it. You'll make your money back anyways since you get case drops and stuff in game. I paid 20e, and already got 4e back or so."
76561198027331692,Recommended,295110,17514980,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Cade420,"It does have a few bugs that i have experienced yes, but it is worth playing."
,Recommended,295110,17460129,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Ollebritt,"For someone who likes multiplayer survival games this game is definetly for u, sure it has some bugs here and there but what do u expect for an early acces game. Plus battle royal is hella fun to. All in all a great expirience either alone or with friends. :)"
,Recommended,295110,17444111,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Rickibus,Forced people to injest themself with infected blood for over an hour. 10/10
76561198017450846,Recommended,295110,17434182,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Drunken Hobo,"I like this game alot, me and my friends run around pleasant valley gunning people down (sometimes newspawns because we are heartless) but we get killed alot too :/ We have seen like 3 hackers so far that didnt come near us or raid us or anything and everyday loads of people get banned for hacks. This game is really shaping up nicely with the crafting system and everything else going on at the moment."
,Not Recommended,295110,17578665,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,BraBraBroo,"I put off purchasing H1Z1 for quite a while - it's a game that has intrigued me, especially being a massive DayZ/Zombie fan.Eventually I convinced a friend to grab it and we jumped on and gave it a go - I can't recommend it.It's definitely a pretty game with a lot of potential, but at the end of the day, it's going to be 'Pay to Win' when it releases as a free game.There's much, much better survival games out there. Do yourself a favour and play ARK, Rust or DayZ instead.I'm honestly disappointed that I didn't enjoy this game."
76561197969410036,Recommended,295110,14003248,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,EvilMonk,"Love this game!!!Especially the loading screen part where you play the ""click the play button part"" and wait for the ""unable to join"" error message to finally be able to start the game 2 hours later to discover the amazingly new G99 error message!!! that was the suspenful part of the evening where I couldn't know it would obviously give me another error message...10/10... a must have."
,Recommended,295110,14003581,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,PfunkNH,Login simulator 2015 10/10.Would click again
,Recommended,295110,14003714,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,CloudKP,"So many whiny brats complaining that this game is pay to win... I don't understand what they mean at all.1. You can't win a zombie survival game.2. You can't buy weapons, armor, food etc.3. While you can buy airdrops, that doesn't guarantee you'll get it.4. I played for hours today and didn't spend a dime yet I was stronger than most people at some times and weaker (due to death thanks to a shoot on sighter with a cop car which are actually rare in the community so far.)I really like the game so far and while it does need some improvements such as slowing down starvation , hydration etc rates as its extremely unrealistic, its all together a good game so far. Especially for an early access game. Beats War Z."
76561198104313035,Recommended,295110,14004578,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,GAINZ LORD,I myself have IMMEDIATLY played the game with the showing of my hours i was able to log in and play it to my capabilty over and over agian. I would rate America 10 and North Korea a 0. North Korea is NOT best Korea and I will start WW3 over the stopping of my most wanted game.  Some may say its not North Korea but at this point i will blame North Korea because i dont want to face the truth that Sony ♥♥♥♥ed up a simple game release as bad as Bohemia Interactive (DayZ)Overall rating North Korea MUST DIE/ HASHIMOTO♥♥♥♥♥U
76561198062999488,Not Recommended,295110,14007523,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,ＢＯＬＴ,Game error G99/10
76561198076129001,Not Recommended,295110,14008255,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Chris1A,This game is complete♥♥♥♥♥♥ donty bother with this untill they patch it. the community are a bunch of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s that are so ♥♥♥♥ing braindead they kill anyone on sight. im suprised people that stupid can actually play a pc in the first place.
76561198040943038,Recommended,295110,14024519,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,stoneyjake,"i was deep in the woods for an hour(probably zigged when i shoulda zagged for a while) by now i had an bow and some meet and fat from the dear. Popped into a small group of building and found a pipe and about 2 dozen angry zeds. i dropped 6 of them in a building with my bow. ran down the road and as i was checking a broken down car for supplies, there was acually some stuff in it. a hat and a lead pipe. Things were lookin up.. just then i looked up and a guy shot me in the head with a bow.....lol good times"
76561198052359896,Recommended,295110,29099192,Posted: 7 January,all,Spartanics,One of the best games I have played in a while. I have about 800 hours. There are some things that need work but I am not all to worried about Daybreak not fixing them!!! They get the job done.
76561198178515067,Recommended,295110,14893464,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,kaylaann24,Love this game :) Can't wait until all glitches are fixed and final one is released!
,Recommended,295110,15125673,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,ShadzY,This game crashes more then southeast asia airlines but otherwise its k.
76561198217462676,Recommended,295110,15161080,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Prodigy-X,love itt
76561198097841027,Recommended,295110,14949505,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,k2,"Join a Battle Royal matchEveryone yells ""Allah Akbar""Match StartsLands in a pondGets ran over by a cop car because I was black11/10 would get racially profiled again"
,Recommended,295110,15098608,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,gloom_,Hit 3 guys with a stick and stole a jeep to ride across the map. 10/10
76561198006462324,Recommended,295110,15059325,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,FingerHand,re tarded people  convention  in battle royal loby  10/10
,Recommended,295110,14460930,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,K2snakas®,jesh
76561198029564853,Recommended,295110,14469670,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Asian Hunter,"-confronted a bear-realising my mistake, locked bear in house-at the same time some guy comes and starts punching me-tell him there is good loot in the same house the bear is in-grabbed the popcorn10/10 would popcorn again"
,Recommended,295110,14156350,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,BDokey,bam bam
76561198139917702,Recommended,295110,14156749,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,KingLoggins,"So while playing with my friends we quickly realized many things. One if he has a helmet, 99% of the time he has a shotgun and hes gonna kill you instantly. Two while shooting a bow your a sitting duck and if you shoot/redock your stuck in place. Third the loot is so uncommon the game becomes stressful an unappealing. A group of five of us has been playing for about 3-4 days and none of us have found a gun, nor have we found cars. And of right now the best place to get food is you have to kill animals, but with the bow being such a slow shot its near impossible to kill. But I totally support this game Id like to see where this goes and how the dev's go about fixing these issues and providing a spectacular gaming expierence."
,Not Recommended,295110,14002112,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Jeff,This is the worst Grand Theft Auto I have ever played
76561198001014935,Recommended,295110,14003165,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,kogel,Sony Offline Entertainment
,Recommended,295110,14003195,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Dustin Bowls,"I love this game. You might say that it's a copy of WarZ, DayZ, all those games. But there's a difference. DayZ is full of bugs, and even if it IS in Alpha, that's no excuse for how long it's had to fix them. H1Z1 has rushed to fix everything the community has needed; Airdrops, Floating arrows, Loot; they just better fix Metal Gates. God damn, they're unfair."
76561198113158812,Recommended,295110,14004221,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Fogwar,get ♥♥♥♥ed g99
76561198002610101,Recommended,295110,14006661,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Eksu,"I recommend this game.Its evolving quite fast,and after the airdrops changes the p2w got nerfed.Have fun playing !"
,Recommended,295110,14010214,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Aids,"1st spawn- Started out ran accross a field, went into a church, found nothing, walked out side in dissapointment, found some redneck yelling ""HELP"" and a bear chasing him so I ran back in the church and he ran is as well, then the bear glitched and his head was sticking through the wall, so of course I went and hit him a few times, the other guy came and did it aswell, the bear got mad so he glitched through the wall and kill the other guy so I ran and the bear didn't follow, after that I ran up the road and found a guy yelling ""ALLAHU AKBAR"" at the very top of his lungs while killing some guy that was mexican or something, I don't even know. then I turned around and ran, ran out of food and died.2nd spawn- Spawned in the middle of no where and ran up a hill, ended at the end of the map, I needed food, a deer was next to me on the highest hill in the whole map so I killed it and of course the F&*@er fell down the hill and I ran after it and died.3rd spawn- Found a french guy went with him for a bit, then he was like crazy or something and killed everyone and everything he saw, so I ditched him, got about 50m down the road, died of starvation.69/10 best game ever."
,Recommended,295110,14014014,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,dylsan,"I love running around with a stick in my hand its great! also i love spending £15 on a game which i then have to pay extra money to get any other weapon than a branch from a tree! overall the game is a must buy, and is the right game for anyone who is looking to be bent over SOE.Thanks,"
76561197995268369,Not Recommended,295110,14031437,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Layla,"was a  positive review but now as its worst company ever, all they care about is BR, when people hate it.  sort your game out.spawning system is a joke, you spend half your time, trying to get back to a friend or back to your loot and get spawned to random places, the game is a shell, not much surviving happening..5 months later still cannot reccommend the game its pure and utter crud."
76561198162232292,Not Recommended,295110,14092446,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Witness1,"Well I got to say.  Screw this game atm.  In all honesty it is an AWESOME GAME.  Even for an alpha it is absolutely amazing and the dev team is kicking out updates and patches non-stop.  The reason I am NOT suggesting anyone play this game is simple.  Hackers.  They are everywhere, on every server.  They are running absolutely rampant and utterly sucking all fun out of this game.  There are so many of them now that 1/4 players I see are hacking.  They have godmode, auto-aim, noclip, ability to fly, teleportation and super speed.  They RUINED this game which sucks hard because it's obvious the Dev Team doesnt give a CRAP about the hackers because no matter how many times you report the same guy, he keeps coming back.  Until the hackers are under control, this game is an utter failure.That said, if they get rid of these scumbag cheaters --This game could go on to be game of the year."
,Recommended,295110,15853618,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,[SU] Gingy,I think h1z1 is a really good game.
76561198008058906,Recommended,295110,15394533,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Johnny,"battle royale makes it worth, but battle royale only."
,Recommended,295110,15068481,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,i Ruv Rice,PUT YO HANDS UP IN THE AIR!
,Recommended,295110,14949750,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,mrbuntyking,Two words:Battle Royale
,Recommended,295110,14809949,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Jamie.Xp,"....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\..."
76561198153265234,Recommended,295110,14703897,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,RazorKGD,"I really like this game but it is more of a report. I would like to report the fact that when people get in shootouts screens will freeze and the game will close. This has not only happened to me but my friend as well. It is not the performance of our computers...because he has an alienware computer and I have good graphics in mine. So this is a problem within the game and it's really annoying when im trying to help my friend not to die in a shootout and my game crashes. Also this is gonna sound weird but I noticed some of the toilets in some of the service stop bathrooms are messed up. Like all it shows is one little crap bolw and nothing else so you just see one little white ring on the toilet. Well thanks for reading this and I really hope someone shows this to the dev's so they can fix it. This is gonna be a SUPER cool and popular game and I just wanna help make it better. But yes I would recommend this game to others because you can do so much more...get cars, find ammo, rob others, play pvp servers, pve servers, and much much more. Well thanks again if you havn't bought this game you MUST buy it RIGHT NOW! :)"
,Recommended,295110,14720085,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Killa,I love this game. Out of the 28 hours I've played I liked it all. You should really buy this game. I r8 8/8 m8
,Not Recommended,295110,26040381,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,cixelsyd Kid,Worst game ever made it dosen't even allow you to play the game there is a bunch of youtube videos about H1z1 crash compilation this game would have been great but the developers don't understand or are just to lazy to do their job. I would reccommend this to you if you wanted to waste 20 bucks.
76561198144693663,Not Recommended,295110,18010091,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Pump CPT,sucks
76561197968180950,Not Recommended,295110,32032890,Posted: 28 May,all,Combatsp00n,there are way better survival games out on the market please do not waste your time with this one. The fort building mechanics are very limited and the developement of the just survive side of H1Z1 has been very stagenant. this aside the game is full of ESP hackers who will just ruin the games experience. Once Daybreak can commit to progressing this game to its potential i wil keep my review negative.
76561197964090699,Recommended,295110,31564288,Posted: 5 May,all,Sgt.Jackal,really addicting game...luv it
76561198091501480,Recommended,295110,15082676,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Keebob451,I like H1Z1 but i was able to play but my game crashes when i open it up.
76561198041296178,Not Recommended,295110,29994351,Posted: 17 February,all,sarega247,"This game has the potential to be one of the best games I have every played. Unfortunately it falls flat on its face because of the rampant exploits and hacks taking place. I appreciate the developers making progress in creating a better gaming environment, but ultimately that all counts for nothing if the game cannot be enjoyed free of hacking. It takes a lot of work/time to build bases and gather materials, bullets, guns, and such. However, to have it all count for nothing because a hacker comes in raids your base through some exploit, kills you using aim bots, and all your time and effort is gone. Takes the fun out of what realistically could be the best survival game ever. I logged almost 500 hours because I kept coming back in the hopes things would change. Although they have gotten better in some regards it is still much of the same. Hopefully I can return someday to enjoy the game that offers so much entertainment value."
76561198099572137,Recommended,295110,16472098,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,† XIII | Axel †,"This is my first ""real"" survival game .. i tried many but this the one who caught me . Why you may ask. This game has not just a survival mode.. but it has also a Battle Royal mode.. I think you better try this game .. at the beginning i thought it was annoying, but it is not ! I promise that you will have fun !"
,Not Recommended,295110,31814723,Posted: 17 May,all,I Am Lorde,Worthless game. I've played this game for 8 hours and I've literally accomplished nothing. Why make the map so huge when  there's literally no way of transport for new players. All I've tried to do is play this game with my friends and kill some zombies and this game has failed even at that. Good luck taking 15-30 minutes to run aimlessly through this garbage map to find your friends. Once you've finally found your friends you can now rejoice as in the next 15-30 minutes you will get shot and will have to do the whole process over again. I've never regretted anything in my life but good job Daybreak you've made me regret buying this game. I now have tremendous hate for your company and your game. I hope you 'just survive' making it out in entertainment world because thats all your company will ever do in this business when you make games like H1Z1.
,Recommended,295110,14521045,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,✰xollxurKx✰,Very good....Love it <3
,Not Recommended,295110,31868926,Posted: 20 May,all,^2Wasted_Deez,"If you like out-dated trash cash grab garbo server♥♥♥♥♥♥community♥♥♥♥♥♥game, then this is what you've been looking for."
,Recommended,295110,20587887,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Nick Crompton,Lots of Fun
,Not Recommended,295110,14018427,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Monty,"Ok, I am editing this review. Before I gave it a thumbs up, now I give it a thumbs down. I rated this game good when it was first launched. After they fixed their game breaking problems at the beggening which took them a good long while, anyone remember when anything you open had no loot? Anyway this game had much potencial at the start, I remember them saying how you will be able to play as a zombie. That was the most cool thing I have ever hear in a game before. Only to read from other people that they scrapped the idea. I have not launched the game since a few weeks after it launched. I never will again. There is a game named MISCREATED that is not ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and toxic. It's a very good MMO Survival game. I see other people in the reviews saying the same thing. The hackers, too many of them. I remeber a hacker on day 2 of the game. That disappointed me. I see how they are not adding content, just removing it. Or adding buggy content. I got to say you make me sad H1Z1, I was really looking forward to a non BS FTP game for one."
,Not Recommended,295110,26482545,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,a Pair of Socks,"Im not the type of person to really go into detail of why a good game is currently bad but... Ill state that this game really does have potential if the dev team gets their asses into gear and decides to actually give a ♥♥♥♥ about the game and fix whats needs fixed and balance what needs to be balanced but... They havent.  For a long while now. So...   And just a little rant real quick, considering just how much KotK has improved and added and changed, the game being like this currently is a huge slap in the balls.  Im not saying turn Surive into KotK but the rate of which work gets done and new things get added and how much ♥♥♥♥ing better it is is ridculous; especially when this game was said to be free to play and now this game has literally been thrown into the corner of the room that hasnt been cleaned in years.With a saddened heart, I have to say No. I do not recommend this game in its current form.For me to recommend this game the following needs to happen;-BETTER ♥♥♥♥ING SERVER CONNECTION. IM SERIOUSLY♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥OFF BY THIS DAYBREAK!!!-better optimization ( 40fps intown and 210fps in the woods. )-hit/swing detection really needs to be fixed. ( seems all I can do is hit in 1st person and not 3rd at all)-zombies are... Useless. They arent really even a threat at all. (6% damage to 20% damage... And very low infection rate)-promote less KoS and more work together. ( KoS is for KotK. But hey, its 2016. Look at what happened to DayZ )-more emphasis(?) on Surviving.-zero new items.... At all.. Which I gues can be viewed as a good thing?  But considering the lack of work to show for anything else at all, and different people do different jobs, its not really an excuse.    Cant blame art people for a coders job not being done.Note; I really do like this game but as of lately it seems the devs are starting to care more but this still needs a lot of friggin work."
76561198129518760,Recommended,295110,14522422,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,GallusTSP,Very fun game. Lots of exporing and surviving. I recommend this fully.
,Recommended,295110,15243539,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Phoenix,Its early access but I think it has potential.  It already takes up all my time as it is.
,Not Recommended,295110,29790330,Posted: 8 February,all,Farske,"I picked this up when it rolled out first time and slowly stopped playing because of hacks. But I felt the potential, it was there and I wanted to play it.I picked it up again when Daybreak had it and the game had split to JS and BR.Again, I REALLY wanted to play it, enjoy it and I could taste the potential but the game is literally ruined by hackers. It takes the entire fun out of the game.Wall hacks, aimbots, magic bullets, teleports, invisible, loot and car identifiers... its just a shower of hacks.Sure I can ignore them and keep playing, but when you get totally wrecked each fight by unfair hackers... why bother. Its the core gameplay ruined by hackers.What do the devs do?""Oh hey, look at the new weather effects"".....NO.FIX THE HACKERS!Done with this game. DO NOT RECOMMEND."
,Not Recommended,295110,31145133,Posted: 14 April,all,CecilTheLoveboy1,"This game is not worth it. It demands your attention every day in order for you to progress, and not everyon has that time. It also is underdeveloped and it's future does not look promising. To be honest, its a waste of money."
76561198050404996,Not Recommended,295110,22950181,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,I am not good,really poorly implemented.  incredibly buggy/glitchy/clippy.  Uses the old Sony physics engine which is just terrible.    Really regret buying this game.
76561198029695499,Not Recommended,295110,28244153,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Sancor,still waiting to be free to play
76561198267999511,Not Recommended,295110,30647811,Posted: 21 March,all,MessingHerz,这个游戏买bug送游戏就不说了，莫名其妙封号（登陆所有服务器都显示因为外挂被移除游戏）而我找客服却表示没有封号，啥？？？？？？？？？？？？？？？？？？？？？
76561198272216953,Not Recommended,295110,31235341,Posted: 19 April,all,luke.02,I LIKED THIS BUT NOW THE GAME WONT EVEN LOAD I AM VERY ANOYED BY THIS
76561198229181608,Not Recommended,295110,31242591,Posted: 19 April,all,Irish,♥♥♥♥♥game played it for a day some stupid error cause i forgot my username load off♥♥♥♥♥♥cant play it now
,Not Recommended,295110,31243527,Posted: 19 April,all,Reck,"This game has been in ""Early access"" for the past 3 years or so (Back when there was ONLY H1Z1 it wasnt split into 2 games) and nothing has really changed in Just Survive for around 2 years. The devs have completely neglected the game and only focus on King of the Kill and the servers are just ran by groups of people hoarding stuff in bases.I cannot recommend this game, OR King of the Kill in its current state after 3+ Years of being in ""Early Access"". Playerunknowns Battlegrounds has already overtaken King of the Kill within its first month of being released. Up your game, Daybreak. Before you're left in the dust even more so than you already are."
76561198274216227,Not Recommended,295110,31318844,Posted: 23 April,all,DB91_,"Refunded this. Why you ask?the melee attacks are clunky as can be.UI is clunky.Trying to interact and pick loot up is a real struggle, especially if you are being chased.The map is tiny which results in constant contact with blood thirtsy players, I was killed by two players within 5 minutes of spawning.This aint a survival game, its mainly centred around PVP and the zombies are there just for show.If you are looking for a proper survival game where theres actually a chance to survive, then this game aint for you."
76561198139277619,Not Recommended,295110,31342670,Posted: 24 April,all,jusaboumat,"I bought this game because i saw gameplaytrailers that looked nice.This is my second day of playing and want to add a little review of the gameas about what i think about this game.The game does look very nice indeed,scavenging seems fine too,though most ofthe time you only find ammunition and no guns,i ran a few hours around ingamesearching for guns but with no luck,after a while i found some sort of AK and ahandgun.Imagine that you want to start building and want to chop some wood,even then the zombies are always behind your back and making you run off because you have noshooting guns to defend yourself,its not even possible to build up something.machete orcombat knife is not good enough for close combat cuz you hardly hit them with it,they hit you much more than you do,so you really need a gun.But in all of those hours of scavenging i did not find the right ammo for these guns,the ammo i found i could not find weapons for it,i just think this game is a big scam,it's the first game that i buy that has a shop ingame letting you buy items with realmoney,you get noticed about some crates you have but when you open it,it showsguns for sale,i think the devs are making this strategy on purpose to make it hard for you tofind weapons so you be desperate enough to buy some with real money.In my opinion games that have a money shop ingame are free to play."
76561198058556723,Not Recommended,295110,31357623,Posted: 25 April,all,Alele:D,Bad game!
,Not Recommended,295110,23635877,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,TeddyT,Just saw one of my friends play on the test server and i sure hope you guys are not bringing the grid selection spawn when you /Respawn it's just pointless...no need for a compass now as you can see yourself in real time...Raids will become impossible to defend seeing even if you kill the enemy they can grid select and keep coming back everytime...at least before with the random spawn you had a chance to regroup before the enemy came back. Fair enough if you got to choose a grid once like every 30-60 mins but to be able to do it whenever you want is just ridiculous. Please Daybreak listen to the people and please for your own sakes don't kill the game!
,Recommended,295110,31566361,Posted: 5 May,all,Nurend,Haven't played it a long time but this game is one of my favourite games of all time. I like games where you just survive. You   can do whatever you want and just have a good time surviving. Tried King of the Kill but not my type of game.[ Bye ! ]
76561198013303789,Not Recommended,295110,23145769,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Artemis Entreri,"If I could put into words how absolute crap this game is I surely would. If you like numerous glitches and getting stuck with NO way to contact help in-game for assistance, even after all this time it's been out, this POS is for you. These lazy and greedy !$@#ers have only the marketplace available in-game.. figures."
,Not Recommended,295110,23143958,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Mr. Suck Dick,Meh... Was better before all the spilt crap.
76561197982516083,Recommended,295110,30280242,Posted: 2 March,all,Clutch,"Ok lots of mix reviews on this game. So here's my input. This game is great. But not for everyone. It takes time a patients. If you do not have patients, might as well forget it. Also if you are in a group with people the game can be a lot more fun. There are some issues with the game for example some hackers and some bugs with base building. But I have over 1000hrs in and will continue to put more. Crafting is a big part of being successful in this game. So take your time, learn how to make things. Meet people. And team up! This game is slow to develop. But it is developing. It has change a lot since first launched."
,Recommended,295110,31603302,Posted: 7 May,all,lol34able,This is a honest review of the game.. I really really love where this game is going.. Ive noticed a couple bugs but it wasnt a bad expierance I do believe it has some work. just keep working on it please
,Not Recommended,295110,14678130,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,not:a:part:of:your:system,"FIRST THOUGHTS:So I'll go back every now and then and check up on developments, but this review is based on my first bit of playtime.Take DayZ, strip out everything that makes it fun, reduce the map size to an 8th of Chernarus,  throw in some glitchy weapons and only spawn 5 rounds on the map for it, spawn a can of food (and other useful loot) for every 10 players on the map, and add in a really (genuinely) neat crafting system.  And you have H1Z1.I read up on this game 6+ months before its release into early alpha and got SUPER excited about it.  I came back from deployment and saw it was on steam for $20 early alpha.  (CHA CHING)  The price was great until I read that they will be releasing the game Free-to-Play anyway.  There goes a half tank of gas IRL.I think if I hadn't been playing DayZ for the past year, H1Z1 would've actually seemed like it would be worth something.  But DayZ is just a better game in every aspect of this genre so far, and it's even farther behind in development than H1Z1...Bottom line, for now at least:  If you've never played DayZ or if you like the genre but absolutely hate DayZ give this game a shot.  If you like DayZ, then don't waste your money.  Wait for it to be released F-t-P.I just went into it with expectations of it being a much more polished and enjoyable DayZ.  I was severely wrong.  However I will continue to play and check in with its development and after it's actually released I will update my review.UPDATE:So I haven't played in about 4 months, maybe more, IDK.  This game is ♥♥♥♥ing terrible.  I want my $20 back.UPDATE x2:So 6 months after the last time I played - This game is still complete garbage.  I want my $20 back.  There's nothing enjoyable about this game so far.  If you're into this kind of game, get DayZ.  Seriously it's worth the price.  H1Z1 is sadly HARDLY even worth being F2P, which it still isn't yet.  Another note: I will not be playing this game anymore.  Ever."
,Not Recommended,295110,23148196,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,TopPupper,Battleroyal
,Recommended,295110,29861390,Posted: 11 February,all,Shenobi,"Bom... comprei este jogo na época onde ele ainda era apenas um jogo ""H1Z1"". E desde aquela época pra mim este sempre foi um dos melhores jogos de sobrevivencia que já joguei, Jogar com os amigos é muito bom e valeu a pena cada centavo...Eu recomendo, porem tem q ter paciencia pra n bicudar o pc quando vc morrer pra um clan..."
,Not Recommended,295110,20231524,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,GonzoPR,"If HIV and Ebola had a baby, this is what is would be like to try get rid of with a fork."
76561198124496765,Recommended,295110,31609575,Posted: 7 May,all,Dye,good game Kappa
76561198012993941,Recommended,295110,19231374,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Closed,"Pretty much what you'd expect from a game thats in Alpha, ie its not finished. Has a lot of potential.Pros: Zombies that do what their supposed to do (I'm looking at you DayZ Devs).Cons: COD Kiddies who shoot on sight."
76561198096740187,Recommended,295110,16854720,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Gingka,"Its a plain out fun game. I haven't seen 1 hacker so far, don't worry about hackers just enjoy the game. The thing you should run from is BEARS, you see one drop all your items and become its ♥♥♥♥♥."
,Not Recommended,295110,21285040,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Shnarf Flarf,No.
,Recommended,295110,18548995,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Huiluxd,2 words. Battle Royale
76561198071084582,Not Recommended,295110,21698119,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,🐤,nah
76561198043469483,Not Recommended,295110,14713162,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,♚Musashi♚,"Have you ever felt like you're death was waiting right around the corner? In H1Z1 it's not a feeling its a fact.~Scavenge~Hide~adapt~Survive(die)EDIT: unless something drastic is done about hackers, dont waste your money."
,Not Recommended,295110,26694227,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,orekillers,I HATE THE ♥♥♥♥ING CREATES I HAVE BUY 2 GAME FROM IT EN ITS NOT WORKING LANDMARK EN H1Z1 I CAN PLAY BIGGER GAMES ONLY FROM THIS CREATERS I CANT I WANT MIJ 40 DOLLER STEAM MONNY BACK
,Not Recommended,295110,26719743,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,xX TacMaster Xx,"♥♥♥♥♥♥ game, got alot of stuff, started building a perimeter defense, gets cars on a medium pop server, rejoins, WOW! the lag is real with 2 fps, suddenly starting to teleport around and then it happens ur across the map and ur car suddenly blows up and you loose everything you had..... 9/11 would not play again"
,Not Recommended,295110,32325763,Posted: 10 June,all,A Fidget Spinner,"H1Z1: Just Survive is not a game I bought seperate to H1Z1: King of the Kill. I bought the game when it was all one combined. After the split I could tell which game meant more to the devs, KotK. The UI is better in KotK, connections are better, less hackers, etc.They've cracked down so hard on KotK that they practically forgot about JS. The only things they practically do for JS is release new crates, which don't do jack for the game.TL;DR - JS is almost forgotten to the devs, KotK makes more money, don't buy this game.If anything buy something like Rust or Unturned."
76561198050921953,Recommended,295110,20208483,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Horny Sandwich,Thumbs up because game is good but gunplay is pretty bad hhaha. See someone with a gun or a vehicle? They arent friendly and like swearing you out while they loot your dead body. 10/10 Would like to be called a ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥ again
76561198045914009,Not Recommended,295110,29829712,Posted: 10 February,all,Dick Punch,just a bunch of hacking ♥♥♥♥s. this game hasnt made improvements since it split with kok. don't buy this horrendous display of a zombie survival game. good ♥♥♥♥ing riddance.
,Not Recommended,295110,18750619,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Sega,i cant play this game and i put thr code in and it wont let me in
,Recommended,295110,15976506,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Pop,this is a great game full of suprises but whenever i try to play it says its the wrong daybreak account. please help i have no idea what this means
,Not Recommended,295110,32277751,Posted: 8 June,all,Spoonman,"A little history about this game:It was released into EA over 2 years ago, and although not perfect at first, it WAS progressing in a solid manner. AI was being tweaked, items were being added, the developers were active within the community (live streaming, Q&A's), new ways to build your base etc.  It honestly looked like the MMO Zombie RPG everyone had been looking for! And then about 4-6 months into EA, the bad days started, although slowly at first, nobody realised what was going to happen.A store became available where you could spend real money to buy ingame items, in a game that was still way off release. (the zombies stared at you on the other side of the fence sometimes among other things... just sat there... in fact the hardest part of the game at that point was hunting wildlife, you could blow straight past the zeds[still can!]) this wasn't the biggest issue as you could ignore the shop if you wanted too and it wasn't really giving you anything but skins, so we all kind of shrugged it off.Fast forward another few months and the devs had gone extremely quiet. In fact we find out the game is being sold to another development company and the skeleton crew if anything, are being kept on from the old team. Big shock but maybe these guys wan't to really push this game? give them a chance maybe I guess.....Unfortunatley, the guillotine was already on its way down. In less than a few months the new development team absolutley destroyed this game. They split the ""pve(you can still pvp on some servers) base building side"", and the ""battle royale side"" they had, into 2 stand alone games (cash grab). In order to appease everyone that had bought the game already, they gave us both, but we all knew what was happening by this point. ""Battle royale"" was becoming a thing, and they needed to concentrate on it(there version is absolute rubbish, steer clear!) And that brings us to now, where the H1Z1: Just Survive or ""Base building"" version of this game, is dead in the water with absolutely no hope of ressurection.On a side note, they have attempted to stop hackers/cheaters/exploiters, however there is still many ways to do it, and it is rampant amongst the players that still play. Not to mention the obvious toxicity/KoS expected from this kind of genre (Not everyone is bad, I have made quite a few friends through this game, however anyone standing on top of the police station, is probably not your friend....)I'm not sure why my hours logged are so low, it could have something to do with when they split the game, I stopped playing substantially when I could see where it was going. I've also changed a few computers since release but hopefully you can tell I know what I'm talking about by the rediculously long paragraphs above :p"
76561198150344362,Not Recommended,295110,30718668,Posted: 24 March,all,Wuyuzeng,Bought this game and never launched it sucessfully.DAYBREAK IS A PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198097532672,Not Recommended,295110,32380309,Posted: 12 June,all,[HaS]Drunkenjedi,"It was fun for a while. I feel like the devs gave up. They don't release updates hardly often at all. The sad thing its not a horrible game, but the potential this game had has fallen short of what it can be. Maybe when they actually make this what it should be i'll change my review"
,Recommended,295110,32361042,Posted: 12 June,all,✪ Sтёvё `㋡™ Society.gg,Nice survive game
76561198170683765,Not Recommended,295110,29368568,Posted: 19 January,all,Magic Man,"The entire reason I chose to purchase this game was due to a video I watched by youtuber H2O Delirious play this game with Cartoonz. That was before Daybreak bought this game from sony, and what a disapointment this game has been, now that I have tried it for myself. Not only are many many servers empty, but when you meet other players they all have purchased arsenal thanks to the game breaking supply drops, allowing them to dominate over players by paying a ton money on top of the game's price itself. The game is not longer about survival and scraping together what you can, but paying out the wazoo to get supply drops. I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS GAME"
,Recommended,295110,18186309,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Honeymoon ♥,+rep
76561198279466253,Recommended,295110,31430870,Posted: 28 April,all,Eryn Sunn,"ALRIGHT! SO! I deleted my original review of this game having spent the last several hours giving it a second chance.As it turns out I would actually recommend this game to someone HOWEVER i would olny do so after telling them what they are getting into.If you are looking for a casual shooter with zombies this game is NOT for you. You will find guns to shoot with and you will find ammo to use but you may not find two that match for a while. you will want to go through the time of reading up on sites like this:http://www.h1z1maps.comBEFORE you just jump in and play. That way you will know how to build things. the game doesn't tell you.Remember the following rules and you will thoroughly enjoy this game as it is challenging, entertaining, and at times scary as all hell:1) DO NOT PANIC!when you start you will have nothing but your fists and a flashlight. DON'T PANIC if something attacks you like a dog. stop turn and fight it and you will live. try to run away from a dog and it WILL kill you.2) make a bow! you can outrun most zombies but a bow will save your life.3) Stealth is your strongest ally! if you avoid the zombies you can gather what you need to get yourself pretty well set up with what you need to survive. once yer set up you can have some real fun leading zombies into mine fields as well as sniping from rooftops.4) if you go onto a pvp server TRUST NO ONE! hell I wouldn't trust anyone on a PvE server but that's just me. lolall in all this game is a LOAD of fun IF you SLOW DOWN take your time and don't do anything stupid. you know? like trying to outrun a rabid dog. lolhaving read up on some stuff before giving it a second go. i found that knowledge on how to discover and craft is ESSENTIAL to enjoying this game. so read up first and then you will have the time of your life outsmarting zombies and people alike in a fast-paced nightmare you paid to join. :Dall in all i really like the way the game developers make you think in this game. I like the way they make you ""discover"" how to make things by trying different combinations of what you have. it adds a realism to the game because in life you wouldn't just find yourself in the zombie outbreak knowing how to make everything you need to survive. there's a learning curve in what you know how to do. not everyone has survival skills. So overall i'd say it was a super fun game IF you take the time to read up on how to do stuff first!"
,Recommended,295110,14596122,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Pickmeaxe,"Really fun to play, dont want it free to play tho because we have enough hackers and little kids killing you all the time"
,Recommended,295110,14597673,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,eef,"I know it's a bug that only happens to some people but it's still a little bit annoying, the only way i can launch is by running steam as an admin and then it only works sometimes... But when it does work it's one of the best games I own, it looks amazing and it's fun to mess around in. If you have the money, buy this game."
76561198128331104,Recommended,295110,14596388,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Lemondoug,Very Fun and easy to learn game. Better when you have friends to play with!
,Recommended,295110,14598050,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,-M4st3r Kr3w-,As long as they keep the updates coming and work on some anti-cheat its g2g.
,Recommended,295110,14459091,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,LordShakazulu,"Fantastic game, devs still (so far) showing lots of interest in the community, and honestly...what could be more fun than blowing off some steam trying to run from zombies and out-smart other players? Eh H1Z1 does it well and I hope it continues to please."
76561198066348512,Recommended,295110,14263278,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,DoctorSushi,"H1Z1 is a zombie survival game much like DayZ and other simalar games.  There isn't much in this game that you can't find other places, but I have seen this game improve greatly over a very short cycle.  The devs seem to work around the clock on this game and have released many patches that improve just about everything in the game in just a short time period.If you are wondering whether to get this game instead of DayZ or another similar title, I would say yes, you should.  I bought this game close to release, and the servers were laggy and there was no loot to be found.  Just a couple days later, I was having almost no lag and found loot everywhere.  There needs to be some sort of balance but they are constantly improving the game.One of the biggest draws for me was the PvE and PvP servers.  I like to play both playstyles, but the PvE in this game can be very fun.  When I was first learning the game, I had run out of food because there wasn't much loot yet.  A survivor happened upon me dying on the floor in an old abandoned house and gave me some food.  He then took me back to his place and gave me some supplies that he had gathered to help me start out on the server.  It was a great change from the ""kill on sight"" mentality in most games in this genre.The game looks good already, especially compared to other early access game.  SOE has said that they will be improving all of the graphics in the game and so I look forward to that.  Performance is pretty varied.  It's not really suprising for a game in early access, but you should know there are some minor performance issues from time to time.If you want a full game, don't get this one.  There are a lot of bad reviews that say stuff like servers are laggy and go offline, that there are graphical glitches and so forth but that just doesn't make sense.  If you don't want to take a risk on a game with a good promise, then don't buy early access and don't buy this game.  Also, people complain that it is paay to win, but I haven't done any care packages and have found plenty of loot.  SOE actually detailed the way these packages work including the fact that they have guns and ammo in the packages in many articles about the game before it was ever put on early access, so those people complaining about being lied to obviously weren't paying attention.  I don't feel like this game is pay to win at all. Just a really promising game that will most likely improve a lot over it's production cycle."
76561198150299313,Recommended,295110,14287859,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,ccsjoe,"Even in early stage, the game has fairly immersive survival gameplay, but perhaps the greatest feature is how fast and comprehensively the development continuously launches update patches and addresses both suggestions and criticism.  This will be an awesome survival/crafting/base game once finished.  Kudos to the development team at SOE for their hard work."
76561197964088605,Recommended,295110,15156867,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Carnifices,I would recommend this game for anyone who likes survival games. Shooting is a bit hard but gets easier with training. There are bugs ofc but what can you expect from alpha release. Anticheat program has been implemented on the game and it keeps banning people for cheating on regular basis. Teamers are annoing but you can easily deal with them after you learn the game and you can also team up with a friend. NEVER TRUST A FREAKING RANDOM!
76561198123050812,Recommended,295110,14766821,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Emil,"Played it for a bit, really good so far. Good gameplay, great random moments. Game has alot of fun and laughs. Would 10/10 recommend :)"
76561198009248085,Recommended,295110,15078442,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,★Beast want dracos,Even with all the hackers I find myself collecting good stuff left and right. H1Z1 seems to be working on the hacker situation and for some reason playing with your friends in the game is AWESOME. I hope they can eliminate the massive hacker population and give all the rest wanting to play some good times :)
76561198147340597,Recommended,295110,14968469,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,SuperAwesomeFiles,"Game has a lot of potential.Even with all the issues, I still want to come back to it every now and again just to see what they've changed. I'm not much into the Battle Royale thing, as hiding in the bush for 30 minutes just doesn't do it for me. The main game does have a good bit of crafting and adventure, though. It still feels like something is quite missing from the main game. With the current state, once you've reached a certain stage with base building, all thats really left is to go to one of the main towns and play the proverbial ""king of the hill"". I feel like there should be another goal outside of ""king of the hill"" in the main game. Perhaps a bounty system in the main game might deter and even spice up the king of the hill pigeonhole.I guess we'll have to wait and see what the devs have in store for us. Also, fishing. Where's the fishes at??"
,Recommended,295110,14990986,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Az,really fun game i love the battle royale
,Recommended,295110,14967623,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,dchristopher56,Lots of fun for me and at 50 hours of play I have only seen a few hackers online. Overall a decent game that can be fun if you allow it to be.
,Recommended,295110,19388364,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,NtheJ,doesnt work
76561198067169271,Not Recommended,295110,19274034,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Redsyndrome,It was fun at the beginning. I don't know what the devs are doing now beside working on BR. I'd consider waiting if you want to buy it.
76561198119010897,Recommended,295110,19298484,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Big_foot55,I cant play it right now becuse of some game manfuction but outher then that i think it was a pretty good game while i chould play it -_-
76561198069444870,Not Recommended,295110,21432026,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,MS22X,"I've had this game since it was announced and released, and I only have 15hrs on it and there's a reason for that. You go into a server, PvE or PvP, and you gather recourses and blah blah normal zombie survival game, right? right. So now you have recourses to survive and zombies don't threaten you anymore, ♥♥♥♥ing brilliant! What do we do now then? No clue. The game is repetitive and gets dull after a while. 1) Zombies aren't threatening in any way, even with the horde feature you can outrun them and soon their poorly designed AI will just stop following you or get stuck on a mother♥♥♥♥ing piece of grass. 2) The map is tiny, in comparison to many other big zombie survival games like DayZ. There were suggestions from the developers that there may be an expansion but that never game, surprise surprise. It took me maybe 2-3hrs to get to one half of the map to the other. In DayZ you could be there for days before even getting past a quarter of the map!Whilst DayZ is buggy and may forever be in that buggy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ state forvever, it provides depth and detail and value for money. You can buy the DayZ standalone for about £20 (I suggest you go buy it now) and I guarantee you will have more hours then  you have on H1Z1.Best of all, is the fact they've now split the ♥♥♥♥ing game in half so you have to pay £15 for each game instead of the previous £20 for BOTH GAMES. So thats the company trying to say: HEY ♥♥♥♥ YOU, IF YOU DIDN'T BUY IT BEFORE THE SPLIT, WELL THEN BAD LUCK GIVE US MORE MONEY MONEY MONEY MONEY.They also said that they are charging people for Early Access so that they can quickly find bugs and once the game will be fully functioning and complete they will have it Free to play. I'm sorry, but am I the only one that finds this just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥? Shouldn't it be the other way around? So that people can freely play it and help the devs find bugs and give suggestions, and then charge for the full game? Again, money hungry but hey they have to make profit, no?all in all, they're money hungry and they're ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t decision to split the game is laughable, as £20 for the full game was already waaaayyyyyyyy overpriced. Do yourself a favour and buy yourself DayZ instead of this. Don't make the mistake I made spending £20 on this, that money could've gone towards... I dunno... whatever you're into.... sex toys or power rangers i don't ♥♥♥♥ing know but just don't use your money for this bag of♥♥♥♥♥♥game.Bye (insert middle finger here)"
76561198184990906,Recommended,295110,21922203,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Atom skinsgambling.com,Amaizing game
,Not Recommended,295110,21697509,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Shrub,If this becomes the top comment I will consider playing the game some more.
76561198129641635,Not Recommended,295110,21738762,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,imminent,"It's like Counter Strike matchmaking with hackers yelling in another language, minus the bit about Counter Strike since Counter Strike actually is fun.Why is making a decent sandbox zombie game so impossible?"
,Recommended,295110,20363795,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,リシャルト,Really Good fun game
,Not Recommended,295110,20342928,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Alisquare,"""What if Dayz was gay"" - H1Z1 devs"
,Not Recommended,295110,20346453,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Wildfox | Stay Breathless ❤,"I write this with sadness. I really, really, REALLY enjoyed this game. Specifically BR. Despite all the glitches, problems, and everything else that was wrong with it, I ENJOYED this game. I never ever hacked or cheated in this game, and I just recently was banned. For the second time. Daybreak allows you to appeal your ban and the first time, they were not helpful. The second time, they at least managed to tell me that the reason why I was banned is because I run Windows 10 via Bootcamp on my Mac. Apparently they consider it as ""Third Party Software."" Complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t if you ask me. So for now, until I decide to replace my 3,000 dollar computer that I needed for school and my career, I cannot play this game.♥♥♥♥ you Daybreak. ♥♥♥♥ you right in the♥♥♥♥♥TL;DR I got banned for running Windows 10 (Via bootcamp) on my MacMany other mac gamers do this and I've never gotten banned on any other game for it."
,Recommended,295110,20208445,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Semen Demon,Another Great game that has protected my virginity
,Recommended,295110,20211760,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Judg3r,BEST GAME. (BR Mode OFC) few problems when new update's but nice game :D
,Not Recommended,295110,18892953,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Ali/Straya,reddit told me to
,Not Recommended,295110,18939932,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Bold Ben,10/10 would not buy again
,Not Recommended,295110,19557332,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Zefilaras,Too many hackers. Time wasted
,Not Recommended,295110,19559763,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,General James Longstreet,"Literally Dayz with MORE cheaters. We all wanted that, right?"
,Recommended,295110,19963665,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,hardstuck life,cancer
,Not Recommended,295110,20268469,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,xez,survival mode:you spawntry to find out where on the maprun around dodge a few zombiesfind some knife/machete'swatch all these ugly player build forts in housing areasrun in to a player with proper firearmsdie.happen x5 ♥♥♥♥ this game :')battle royal would be the only fun part of this game
76561198016916522,Recommended,295110,20216653,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Laserfrate,Best survival ever!!! You should try it
,Recommended,295110,20224469,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,D.Morris,Great game. My only request is to fix the invisible glitch which makes games impossible to win :(
76561197990569764,Recommended,295110,14643244,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Killerthings,"h1z1 fun game begin playing  it since it came out well two days after it came out lots of updates fixed the loot system pretty well and same with car system,  But please Fix the speed hackers wall glitches and people who can shoot thru the floor pleasnt valley has now became hacker valley this game is extremly fun other wise."
,Recommended,295110,14176467,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Burung1 #XIXVII,meet a playerlooting some item togetherthen i punch him in the backthen he shoot mebest game ever12/10
,Recommended,295110,14155402,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,wensinkj,"So I was playing, came across another fresh spawn. We were both nice to each other, so he asked me to help him kill a guy who was killing other fresh spawns. I say sure, so we head off. We head to a subdivision, where many people are, all of them friendly. Me and the original guy left, then met up with a random group of 3 people. Us, as a group of 5, go around for an hour or two, simply surviving (finding food and water, and killing the occasional hostile person). Eventually, we come to Pleasent Valley (a large town) and decide to go to the police station. We came across another group, and we all head into the station. About 10 minutes later, there are literally 20 people in this one building. After another 5 minutes, 2 guys with AR's roll up and shout ""Hey! What are you doing in our police station!"" the other starts playing fast-paced action music. They then raid the building, killing everyone. I was hiding on the second story, and they didnt find me. I run outside, only to be greeted by my original friend i met up with, with his bow drawn at me. I shout ""Woah! It's me!"", he then realizes that i survived, so we ran. We got to the edge of the city, then climbed to the top of a building. We sat for a while and talked, then 2 other guys come up. My friend shoots at them, because they seemed hostile. He gets killed, and his last words were: ""Wen, run!"" I run, but to little avail. They were both shooting arrows at me, and I was low health. Finally, it ended, I was struck and died. Off in the distance, I heard my slowly dying friend shout: ""Noooooo!""10/10.... Best drama simmulator."
76561198027077557,Recommended,295110,14275217,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Zederous,"At the Romero’s Supermarket found a few cans of food. As I tried to make room in my backpack, I heard the thwap sound of a baseball bat hitting the back of my favorite head. I shouted into my mc and asked why my companion was hitting me, when he rather too calmly but quickly said “Another player.” In fact two other players had come into the supermarket and had decided to murder me. They had seen me in the corner, but (we later speculated) they had not seen my companion in the aisle just behind me and them. My companion and I drew out the shotguns we had consciously decided to conceal, and after 2 seconds of loud firing that afterwards brought no less than five zombies into the store, the other players were dead and we were looting their bodies. We spent at least 10 minutes giving backstories to the fallen idiots as we got out of the city quickly, in case others wanted to investigate or ghosts came looking for revenge.The zombies in this game are annoyances, unlike in the DayZ mod where you are more likely than not to die if you attract a zombie. The real tension comes from encountering bears and other players.The crafting system is quick to learn and use.You are still spending a lot of time traveling around the map without any meaningful encounters.This is not a game for you to play by yourself. Play with your group of friends, or take your chances buddying up with another player you encounter in the world."
,Recommended,295110,14363890,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Bonkers,"Great game, frequent update so far.Not many hackers and that is a big change comparing to other games of this type.Only downside so far would be the lack of respawn set point and the fact that bases can get raided by a spear in 15 seconds."
,Recommended,295110,16411388,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Mihrimah Sultan,DAMN GOOOOD. No more buggy stuff
76561198092637920,Recommended,295110,14003519,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Sterling Archer,"Updated Review: May 1, 2015After uninstalling the game after multiple incidents with hackers.....I decided to reinstall. I could not have been happier. Battle Royale is hands down one of my favorite modes of any game to date. I havn't encountered any cheaters, hackers etc. and the game has been virtually bug free and has run very smoothly. The survival mode is also a blast. I highly recommend playing with friends as this not only makes it more fun, but also increases your chance of survival. Loot has been balanced, zombies are no longer resemble those of World War Z, and nothing is more satisfying then smashing a jeep into a zed head on. I have a fairly decent rig but even on a machine that's not as powerful the game still looks great and it feels well optimized. The game is well balanced, no single weapon being OP. The game is free of deal-breaking Pay-To-Win features (purchasing weapons, ammo or armor) making this game enjoyable to play without getting decimated by that guy that invests his life's savings into the game. Overall, I'd rate this a solid 8/10 and since it's still in early access, my rating is bound to go up once a final product is released. Good luck out there!!"
,Recommended,295110,14003532,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,yung fat bastard,"Okay, since most of the server issues were resolved, I recommend this game to those of you who enjoyed rust, though this game doesn't have butt naked men running around with stones it does offer similiar gameplay."
76561198135051789,Recommended,295110,14004691,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Ford Hemi,360 MLG bowscope simulator 2015 10/10 would bow again
,Recommended,295110,14008377,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Thrathius,"My headset broke in time for launch, figured out how to make a bow, made a few arrows, went exploring found a group of guys just trying to survive, noticed the voip indicator going nuts, killed everyone to be on the safe side, GOTY"
,Recommended,295110,15401609,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Skitzle,This is an amazing game as of now but the newest update (4/15-16) has broken my sound to the game. I can not hear any in game sounds of any noises in game. Other that this great game 9/10*Edit* The game has gone downhill and is turning into csgo with skins and cases. SLOW THE HELL DOWN PLZ. (2/21)*Edit* RIP H1Z1..... (7/30/16)
76561198153343572,Recommended,295110,14520465,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,DSC Hockey,It is really slow.
76561198034866208,Recommended,295110,20413225,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,jballs,"I think too many people criticize games themselves and not their expiernces or actual fun they have with the games.  H1Z1 is a fun game if you know what you are doing or if you have friends.  It's kind of like how a cat would rather play with a cardboard box than a bunch of fancy cat toys, he just does.  The Chinese get a little annoying but whatever.  Just TK them before they TK you.  Better not take chances, it's kind of like a blind guy wiping his♥♥♥♥♥ he just never knows."
76561197996614696,Recommended,295110,20413806,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,eJ,a ways to go but full of potential... fun for awhile in survival unless u group up... battle royal all the way!
76561198141407523,Recommended,295110,20415455,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,YOUwin - WTS my csgo inv $100au,simple but fun introduction to the survival world genre
,Not Recommended,295110,20441874,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,OutLox,This game is good but has gone to hell. The spliting into two games is the stupidest thing I have ever seen a company do. Should you still buy this?? I really don't know any more.
76561198119437232,Recommended,295110,20442322,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Burger King,"This is a very fun game to play. it has its twitches and glitches and sometimes its additional hackers (which i have only come across once but for the rest it brings a fun gaming experience. It is best played with friends, because they keep the boring running parts out. This game feutures a very big open world, zombies, multiple bad♥♥♥♥♥♥♥guns, survival, building and lots more. Haters are there to hate. But lads and gents, dont hate, appreciate."
76561198161125919,Not Recommended,295110,20434515,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Cal (the Beautiful;),it no werk along wif daer websyte
76561198107190005,Recommended,295110,20434912,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,DDC || JuandreHunter™,well all you hater in the world who hate this game YOU DON'T KNOW♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is new it is like DayZ when it was new you hated it because it was buggie just like this game so plz do all off us one thing grow up
76561198072804106,Recommended,295110,20401344,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Marshall Mittens,China #1
76561198242573370,Not Recommended,295110,20667229,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,sosa.,♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,295110,20667794,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Chanel,if csgolotto were a game it would be this game
76561197970371349,Not Recommended,295110,20633277,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Pendejo,worst sh*t ever ...
,Not Recommended,295110,20634036,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Khothys,"It's depressing to be honest. building is a pain, the community sucks. you will loot stuff for 3 hours and finally get some good gear. and some jerk will pull up in a car and gun you down. but nooo don't listen to me. go. buy it."
,Not Recommended,295110,20652099,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Whatssapi,♥♥♥♥ing stupid game░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░▄H1Z1▄░░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
,Not Recommended,295110,20653691,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,twitch.tv/RefleX199X,Nothing much has happend with it. Stay away.
,Not Recommended,295110,20044512,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,✪Solo (trading),i got banned the firdt day for killing someone
,Recommended,295110,19998824,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Remon,"I love this game, I didn't know simulator games came in packs.The package includes :Walking Simulator 2015Login Error Simulator 2015Loading Simulator 2015Crash Simulator 201510/10 would cry when the game loads again.I never thought a simulator game would make me cry this much."
,Not Recommended,295110,20306052,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Albateauàmoteur,This game is like an old pair of socks. It stinks like hell but you still wear it when you don't go out.I never go out.
,Not Recommended,295110,20306289,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,*PissufyluPrump*,this game wont work for me.. i have tried everything to play it.. I always get the Battleye instalation failed.. ♥♥♥♥ing crap♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,295110,24284335,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Neville flamin' Bartos,absaloute♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,295110,20522490,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,EliasHill,"Everyone who says it's a bad game just don't get that this is NOT a zombie game! It's a PvP game, Battle Royal is what this game is all about.Survival 7/10Battle Royal 10/10"
,Recommended,295110,19886331,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,asia,My first drop on the market was £1.4010/10 would get more drops again
76561198027899604,Not Recommended,295110,21163093,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Darcheville,Refund Simulator 2016
76561198037114199,Not Recommended,295110,21331977,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Worm Guy,"Everything has already been said, but I haven't seen anyone mention this so I'll do that now. With the edition of ""crates"", (think of the cosmetic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t in TF2), you can now spend 2-something to buy a key and open a box that contains one cosmetic item THAT YOU LOSE WHEN YOU DIE.Yes, you heard that right. You spend money for a ♥♥♥♥ing shirt, and LOSE IT WHEN YOU DIE.Something that will happen EVERY TIME YOU PLAY IT.So essentially, you get ♥♥♥♥ed 30 ways from sunday."
,Recommended,295110,17976755,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,AlphaMeridius,Has more bugs than a homeless shelter. 10/10
76561198031195983,Recommended,295110,16418033,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,NÉRO,BEST GAME <3 CHECK MY LEAGUE OF LEGENEDS PAGE
76561198080450688,Not Recommended,295110,21287859,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,amazingblazing,░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░▄H1Z1░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
,Not Recommended,295110,21280511,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Kaza,H$Z$
,Recommended,295110,21281606,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Mikish,AIDS. That is all.
,Not Recommended,295110,21281643,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Joran,I PAYED FOR BATTLEROYALE NOW ITS GONE BECUASE THEY SPLIT IT UP
76561198068325674,Not Recommended,295110,21284564,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,General Bud,Jiggers made 2 games for some reason
,Recommended,295110,21285805,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,shmackN,"Battle Royale is really fun, no matter how frustrating it is. Really competitive once you get down to the game basics. Only downside is the glitches and exploiting. There will be some cheaters but they are handled quickly."
76561198256746822,Not Recommended,295110,21285968,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,gameban hellcase.com,Sucks Nuts
76561198126427145,Not Recommended,295110,21215669,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,TALK SHIT GET HIT,Good game too bad i cant play it and the devs wont help me
76561198027267287,Not Recommended,295110,21242823,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Immortal Technique,"-Cheat ridden (battleye is a joke)-Development is spent on microtransactions-its an Alpha so bugs galore-Terribley unoptimized game engine one of the worst i've ever seen for the longest time-Community is just what you expect it to be, toxic.+The general gameplay is fun+A constant reminder in your steam library to never buy any early access game ever againThe gameplay it's self is fun, building bases and defending/attacking them is great. However the game is riddled with cheaters and your fun will be ruined you will be killed your stuff will be stolen and your base will be destoryed and looted. If you're are going to buy this game play on a low population server but that kinda defeats the whole purpose of playing it. BR is fun but ruined by cheating. The majority of the community in this game is extremly toxic and full of sociopathic young adults."
,Not Recommended,295110,21243588,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Sir Maw,God bless Steam Refunds
,Not Recommended,295110,21113683,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Sammy (Chat Off),"My answer is no because it's not worth paying 40 dollars to play both survival and battle royale, they're only going for your pocket not your enjoyment.When I bought the game I completely understood that it's still in alpha and has a lot of bugs and hackers but I was shocked to see how SLOW they're working on it and you'll see a decent (not major) update only once every few months.To be honest I enjoy playing Battle Royale A LOT and still do but for new people I do not recommend supporting this game or its developers unless they start fixing it and doing some REAL work and add more features, game modes, weapons, items, and take more care of survival and balancing it.At first I was recommending this game to those who are starting this game as a group because it's a lot of fun with friends but now... 40 bucks to play both survival and battle royale is BULLSH*TOh I also don't think that this game will ever be free to play.. they seem to enjoy making load sh*t of money out of crates and selling the game!"
,Not Recommended,295110,21113931,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Major Wibble,"A game that was supposed to be Free-2-Play is now being split in two and sold separately.Don't buy this, if you have money to burn give it to charity."
,Not Recommended,295110,21115032,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Skipparoo,The Devs were going to have this game become f2p but now they are going to cut the game in half and charge for $19.99 for Battle Royale and $19.99 for Survival
76561198272100683,Recommended,295110,20570712,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,drak,man it is awesome it has some bugs but i understand it is in early access
76561198244510050,Recommended,295110,20917122,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Goat Farmer,Very fun multiplayer not so fun single player
76561198062368291,Recommended,295110,15882038,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,LarcenNet. Gaming™,"What a lovely game! After an update I got smashed by my own base gate LOL. They don't even offer a proper update notice.  Damn son, YOU WON THE GAME.  GAME-DELETED."
,Recommended,295110,15883656,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,A Friendly Atheist,"Love the game but there needs to be a patch on several this including but not limited to: water depletion rate, zombies and wildlife glitching through walls, and the inventory situation. I know its a survival but there should be some way to have another backpack slot. And also the hands slot should be able to hold a weapon otherwise they are useless."
76561198168969222,Recommended,295110,15971206,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Shep4rdOfHell,"This game is amazing! For an early access game, its wonderful. I've been playing for 24 hours (Not straight, I have somewhat of a life) But this game has surpassed all the other games that I've played before, I am constantly on edge and am looking for good loot, and on top of that, I'm never too far from danger. This game also makes the player interaction a ton of fun (Even in PVP sometimes) Just remember when playing, do no tell someone to F*** off when they have a gun in their hands :3 If you're not totally convinced, watch someone play it, its so much fun. 10/10 Badass seal of aproval^As an update to my old review above :3 | I stil love this game, for all its flaws and buggyness, I now have ove 100 hours on record, and am still not bored with it (Shattering all possible game loving barriers) In this extended review, I will add on a few positive things that I forgot to mention; One, you don't need a gaming PC to run this game! Thats right ladies and gentlemen, I myself have a somewhat crappie computer, therefore, when I first loaded this game, I was terrified that I was going to have to deal with the laggiest game ever, but Lo and Behold, after I dropped the quality of the graphics a bit (which helped a lot) I was waking into servers with little to no lag! Another thing that I really enjoyed about this game, is that the players can be AMAZING PEOPLE! In battle royale (a gamemode where you are dropped into the main map, find guns all over, and fight to win prizes and loot) I met a person who instead of shooting me dead like everyone else, pulled over in a car (A hard to get thing in BR) and asked me if I wanted a ride! And I was like ""What???"" this is unheard of in a hardcore game with zombies and guns! And it was an amazing experiance! And finally I will wrap this review edit with one last amazing thing about this game. The production team is great, constantly building on this game and making it better, this includes things like, making it less laggier, adding in new guns and prizes, updating the anti-cheat software to make it harder to cheat, actually responding to your reports, and generally giving a♥♥♥♥♥♥ While this is not uncommon in MMO's these people want to create a game that is fun, and time consuming, and they have done a SMASHING job of it! So if you're borderline, or on the fence about this game, GET IT. You will not regret it! And look me up, I love finding new friends to play games with :)"
76561198054795305,Recommended,295110,15965283,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,[MM] LANDMIN3,"BUY THIS GAME.........This game is defiantly one of the best zombie survival games out right now, not anything like DayZ, WarZ, Rust, BreakingPoint, or any other zombie survival game for that matter.  For this game mostly resembles Minecraft with good graphics in the aspect of building to survive, as well as the best crafting game to date.  This game truly keeps you on your toes every minute and makes you work with others to accomplish the greater good.  For those people who rag on this game and talk down on it for stupid reasons, just can't take a challenge.  For daybreak game company has done an amazing job at creating a truly different dynamic game.  For those people that say daybreak game company is horrible at getting rid of hackers go look at 25,000 people banned for cheating.  For those people that talk♥♥♥♥♥♥about this game not being finished, or some bugs, might wanna look at the disclaimer or the fact that all over this page that this GAME IS CURRENTLY IN ALPHA, maybe look at what you buy first.  If you want to support the devs in the great job they're doing BUY this game, daybreak game company currently is updating this game about twice a week with major improvements every single time.  This game is by all means defiantly not another WarZ, Rust, Stomping Land, or any other flop... If you think the devs are going to stop production and run with the money think again, it would take alot for daybreak game company to stop for if you didn't know daybreak is the new company name for SOE.  Anyways enough of my ranting on the stupid negative reviews, expect big things from this game defiantly a big thumbs up in my book....."
,Recommended,295110,15812873,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Simba |  ICELINE-HOSTING.COM,its amazing
76561198221543448,Recommended,295110,15772106,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Mr Steal Yo Burger,Really fun game loads to do but it is early access and you can expect bugs and such until the full thing is released anyone wanna start a big team send me a freind request;)
76561198137753563,Recommended,295110,15798863,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,SMITHYonPC,"really awesome game, needs friends to funny enjoy and build your base up but im having a blast."
76561198001070175,Recommended,295110,16031606,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Doomieboom,"I walk to a campfire and find a guy with a sniper, he asks me for Scrap metal and im like sure here then he shoots me in the head 10/10 would give scrap metal again XD, also i survived a while and even made a little hut before i met the guy"
,Recommended,295110,14002520,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Cousin Vladek,Gr8t g8m r8t 8/8
,Recommended,295110,14003023,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Cactus,game_error_g99
,Recommended,295110,14003080,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Bird,Awesome game great menu.9.9/10I personally prefer the great games made by the legendary Sergey Titov
76561198055566456,Recommended,295110,14003935,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,bigrob,G99 Simulator best game 2k15!!!!
,Recommended,295110,14004059,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,hiigh,If you like load times from battfield 4 then buy this game.
,Recommended,295110,14004593,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,f33d,This is the best game that you will never play!11/10 would alpha again!
,Recommended,295110,14005980,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Mizorex,"10 hoiurs after launch still #G99 errors.then when they fixed that, you get stuck on the server screen and theonly button that works is the ""exit game"".Play this game for free athttp://h1z1simulator.com/- That being said this game has crafting and an insance atmosphere.Theres already so much more content then dayz.  Zombies work, theres cars, base building alreadylocks for your bases,  craftable weapons,  The sounds in this game are amazing aswell. Animals like bears wolves,dear and rabbits to add to the overall wildlife overun civilization + zombies. Tonnes and tonnes of zombies."
76561198164615357,Recommended,295110,15070265,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,stitch,"didnt respond to girl, she shot me. 10/10"
76561198061736104,Not Recommended,295110,21269295,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Thero,battle royal simulator
76561198006295936,Not Recommended,295110,21269442,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Dvinuz,"Horrible controls and still lots of glicthes. Hope they fix it when it comes out of the ""early access""."
,Not Recommended,295110,21269453,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Pyr0_Static,"Game play is fun only when you don't have any bugs. Unfortunately the game is nothing but bugs. The only thing they update or add to the game is either skins or another way to make more money out of this ""early access game"" which has been a disappointment."
,Not Recommended,295110,24521754,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Kira,"It will be fun they saidIT will be free they said , yea right lol"
,Recommended,295110,24205193,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Chigga,why the new update make ppl invisible? can u fix this?
,Not Recommended,295110,23841913,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Amon,"Wanna play a game that will feel like its in pre-pre-pre-alpha?Wanna play a game full of game breaking bugs that go ignored for months and months on end?Wanna play a game where 1 in 5 people are cheating?Wanna support a company that doesnt give a flying ♥♥♥♥ about you, your input or their game?Then this is the game for you!Support greedy dev's who hate you by spending your money on new skins while the game crumbles into unplayable chaos around you!Spend 40 dollars on two seperate titles that have the exact same map, sounds, characters, vehicles, and skins...because ♥♥♥♥ you!-10/10 wouldnt wish this game upon my worst enemies."
76561198154089906,Not Recommended,295110,25813360,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,jzerep09,"By the point you forget a password and cant use this game anymore, or say you dont play it, the updates system for this game is utter garbage. My internet has been bashed in the head by this games updates. Why must it take several hours to update a game in which I do not even play anymore? Even when I pause the update, or decline it, it still messes with my internet. Do not get this game unless your willing to delete it and waste $20, or if you really want to stick with this game. Which based on its reviews, you wont want it to begin with. And the updates are just to give those who don't play anymore a hard time."
76561198182469181,Recommended,295110,24761056,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Mozz,"Heres a question, its still early access, when is it actually releasing fully?"
76561198120413673,Not Recommended,295110,25445601,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,arcangel,The devs literally agve up because they didnt reciave the attention they wanted.
,Not Recommended,295110,21671309,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,♛ Gordon Ramsay ♛,Everyone trys to kill u 0/10 - wouldnt IGN again
76561197994238401,Not Recommended,295110,25642935,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,4Apm,So many f**** bugs thank god they keep it in alpha testing so at the release they will swich everything up and f*** it up again great job nice game but be ready to lose your pacience.
76561198190395328,Not Recommended,295110,24668871,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Jordan,its like 7 days to die but just all round♥♥♥♥♥
76561198094600714,Not Recommended,295110,23984325,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,gs.98.,THIS GAME WAS AWESOME 1 YEAR AGO. BUT THAT DAYBREAK MAKE IT♥♥♥♥♥♥ I TOTALLY DO NOT RECOMMEND IT. BUY RUST
76561198056714705,Not Recommended,295110,24264869,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Rowilen,"This game is the worst I have ever played. You are making a new map, while your first one is still a♥♥♥♥♥♥I don't know who the hell made the hitboxes, but they are one of the annoyest things ever. Sometimes it took me 3 shots on the guys chest to kill him with a shotgun. Sometimes I die by a single shot with helmet and bulletproof plate on me.... How the ♥♥♥♥? Are those make me weaker or what?The loot is so♥♥♥♥♥♥I can't even say. How the ♥♥♥♥ is there are more ammunition in a ♥♥♥♥ing office than in the police station? It's a bloody police station man, that is it's purpose. There is some serious illogical♥♥♥♥♥♥you did there. Also what is that with the million baseball bat in the military camp? WTF??? There supposed to be guns and ammunition. You know soldier stuff. I think the developers don't even know what a soldier is. Maybe they think they are just playing baseball...Also, I understand that you haven't got too much players, because you lost them because your retardness, but that isn't a solve, that all the loot is at the upper side of the map. Really, I watched last time almost all the locations on the south and there were nothing. Except food and water. If you want to play the game, you can't make your base on the south, except you like empty loot. If you want to play, you have to go to the north and build a base. Ohh I forgot, your base will be raided twice a day, because the north side of the map isn't too big and hasn't got good locations, where you can hide your base. So if you haven't got minimum 8 hours a day playing this♥♥♥♥♥♥ than don't even start to play.How is that possible, that the wrenches broke so soon??? Now with your amazing new patch I can't craft one, and very hard to find. So if you have a car in the early game and don't have a base, than you will definitely loose it. Last time I had a quad, killed a guy, who had a full health wrench, than tried to repair my vehicle. The quad's health went 88 from 41 before my fully functional wrench broke... How the ♥♥♥♥? Please tell me, how many wrenches i'm going to need, to repair a car. I think it's maybe 3.The game would be good if the developers would have some common sense, but since this daybreak♥♥♥♥♥♥came they proved more than once, tha they haven't got such skills.There are also a lot of annoying bugs which ones I didn't mention (for example the one you get, when you try to go up on the stairs... -.-""), but I already wasted too much time on this♥♥♥♥♥♥than I wanted."
76561198143281861,Not Recommended,295110,24244807,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,BabyRage,"This game is fun with friends who knows how to have fun. if you dont have that might aswell go buy 20 cheese burgers at mcdonalds. I've had my laughs and had times where hackers come and anal me all the time. That's why theres whitelist servers where theres no hackers which is great, and the only reason why im still playing this game.-So overall should you buy? tbh no, unless you get into a good whitelist server (which theres no many) or get into a decent community.-Just test it for less then 2 hours so you can get a refund if you dont like it.-Would be a great game if the bugs and hackers are gone and the game could be at least almost completed."
76561198265541359,Recommended,295110,22267311,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,HjWGamer,This is one amazing game i dont understand all these other reviews as this game is still in early acces ! I love this game i always play it and always will play it thank you daybreak for an amazing game like this! people think the split was for money... NO it was so they can help develop both sideds of the game faster! Once again im thanking daybreak for this game i hope h1z1 continues to progress like this!
,Not Recommended,295110,21713880,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,arturo maran,nonono
,Not Recommended,295110,23638939,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,skanK_,game is dying bois
,Not Recommended,295110,25556142,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Her,Just your regular lying developer.
76561198198501353,Recommended,295110,22156630,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,xECOxAlfie,"I found 'wolf Jesus' he took 8 shotgun shells before killing me, I was movin all the parts to build a base straight away. All lost when I returned and it was the second coming of 'Jesus wolf' as he then killed me again after being beaten mercilessly. 10/10 would ride a flying my bear again"
76561198173711134,Not Recommended,295110,25376154,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Depressed Cunt,This game ♥♥♥♥ing Sucks Everytime i get into the game it Crashes Every ♥♥♥♥ing Time its annoying Fucing Fix ur game :D
,Not Recommended,295110,23752193,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Eruhlu,Dont buy it.You will get bored in few hours.instead of this buy king of the kill.King of the hill its very enjoyable with friends .
76561198319285973,Recommended,295110,24491267,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,-S1KRR-SEAZON-,"ok, im going to start off by saying that i would like my $19.99 back because i love the game, but i had a 4gb ram, then i upgraded to 8gb ram. it ran smooth af after that, then, you go ahead and add more things, and now its almost unplayable for me and i would love to get my money back for something else that i can enjoy much like your game before the recent update."
,Recommended,295110,18595384,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Hatata,Oh my god.. The first zombie I killed was amazing just seeing his♥♥♥♥♥♥tear up... A hole was popped through theside of his body and I took the opportunity to insert my♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in to his wound10/10 Good game
,Recommended,295110,18496796,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,twitch.tv/RADICALrad1ance,"Probably about a 6/10 - Ran by SOE or Daybreak or whatever they're calling themselves now adays.  Gameplay is the same as any other survival game - nothing more, nothing less."
76561198036457984,Recommended,295110,18490687,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Soudix,BEST GAME EVER 10/10
76561198068275402,Recommended,295110,18475099,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Narrow,Love this game super fun yet challenging
,Recommended,295110,18209667,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Stefan ~ TheATG,Only 100 Minutes into the game and I have allready been told to Die in a Fire and F*ck my Family.11/10
76561198026944377,Recommended,295110,18560440,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,maestrowilldo,It has Bad cutomer Support
,Recommended,295110,18345011,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Iceman Etika,"Extremely enjoyable, especially the Battle Royale, just remember to scream down the mic after you die in it tho."
,Recommended,295110,18705354,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,ｚａｖｉ,"If you dont think you'll be able to handle dying in Battle Royale, then don't buy this game.Most of the recent reviews whine about cheaters in this game but I don't think I've ever seen a hacker. (except the ones that are getting banned on broadcast)Winning Battle Royale is actually pretty easy even if your aim is just above average and you don't even need to have a good aim to win, you just have to know what to do and make good decisions.If you're complaining about getting killed by hackers in BR, you're either just a really unlucky guy or you just can't handle the fact that you fail."
,Recommended,295110,18678056,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Yaj | gamekit.com,">Be me, logging into H1Z1.>Server is down, wait because it's still bettering then ♥♥♥♥Z>Loging in, with 60-80 FPS depending where I look>20 fps in towns>Set settings off ultra to verylow>same fps...>complain about poor optimasaton>go enjoy the community of rdming asshats and fight back>join br server>everyone spawns closer to everything then you.>writes review in the morning because game is good besides fps and ram issus>oh yeah, ram be like 90% of my 8GB DDR3 which is ♥♥♥♥ing stupid>be done ith review"
76561197963097058,Recommended,295110,18703219,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,TheLastPwnStar,"After playing 1,000's of hours of video games, including competitive fps experiences. I can say without a doubt, this game is responsible for the most liters of accelerated blood circulated.You get ALOT for the asking price. (and money spent is purely cosmetic, not pay-2-win) The devs are active and making MAJOR improvements with almost every update.Buy it and know what its like to get excited in a video game again."
,Recommended,295110,18720564,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,NigFag,Fun game to play with friends
76561198249817950,Not Recommended,295110,18771514,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,The Darkness,H1Z1 Was fun for me when i first started... when i was a scrub. but now this game has went to♥♥♥♥♥♥hacker's roam the land and sky's These immortal teleporting aimbotting flying superspeed trash mother ♥♥♥♥ing kid's ruined a game i enjoyed... These ♥♥♥♥er's have no ♥♥♥♥ing respect at all flying around BR's Aimbotting kid's from the sky's it's ♥♥♥♥ing disgusting there all over survival sever's. Example: I was camping some kid's base he had a friend with him  they pull there four wheeler out i snipe the driver off the kid in the ghille suit run's away so im waiting for him to flank me 2 minutes later i see the kid flying past me in the sky he teleports his buddy back i jump on the four wheeler make it to bubbas the kid fly's past my i hear the sound of a bullet  my tac helms gone before i can even muster a second thought my lifeless corpse dangles over the ATV i am dead at the hand's of a cheating coward... So folk's hop on the sever Ground Zero come to J-5 where the white house is Above the little shopping center and give (Mr.Yang the cheating flying aimbotting coward♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥) an opinion on hacking 1/4/16 THAT'S ALL FOLK'S Peace.
,Recommended,295110,18736754,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Shane / Shibby,"Survival = ESP hacks and no real end-game goals other than destroying a server.Battle Royales = An actual contribution to games of this nature. The H1Z1 invitational and how well liked that was is a clear tentpole for this. While the ""BR"" meta is not perfect yet, such as gas camping all game, it's definitely something special. Gas should out tick med/bandage spam after so many waves. Gunplay is not perfect, yes it has it's issues, but for a game still early in it's lifespan, H1Z1 has something going for it."
,Recommended,295110,18991237,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,EisenMan,Very good game really fun as solo on the BR and also fun in Survival & BR with friends.One of the best games I played.
,Recommended,295110,18917220,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,denvvs,"Very nice game, also its alpha and its lookin beautifull, no kids allowed, 11/10"
76561198157691175,Recommended,295110,18845661,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Link,"Just to say, it would take me hours to explain how much Daybreak ♥♥♥♥ed up Sony's amzazing game, and turned it into a cash - grab broken down barely ♥♥♥♥ing functional goddamn game. They can't even make a game worth playing, the focus was first on survival, which Sony kept alive, but when Sony was purchased from Daybreak, they only cared about what was popular, Battle royale and crates (Gee, i ♥♥♥♥ing WONDER WHY!) and it pains me to say that i wish i could get my ♥♥♥♥ing $20.00 back, but having put 1000+ hours that will never ♥♥♥♥ing get back from you lazy ♥♥♥♥ing Daybreak Company that ruined a game I bought for survival, then barely updates the survival portion and isntead made new crates! Whoop De ♥♥♥♥ING doo, thank you for reading this, now go ♥♥♥♥ yourself,Sincerly Linkto the ♥♥♥♥♥♥s over at Daybreak"
76561198120308807,Not Recommended,295110,18822513,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,NinYa,I thought i buy a survival game but finally its Battle Royal Game
76561198097674322,Recommended,295110,18777780,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Cease,Love it
76561198188036586,Recommended,295110,20272588,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Your Papi,This is a fun game it is cheap and worth it but i highley reccomend having a mic to talk because most players are ruthless and will kill you.
,Recommended,295110,20230209,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,ItsHybrid,Summits In The Pit 10/10
,Not Recommended,295110,21721620,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Yung Neighborhood,"This is a huge slap in the groin to the gaming community. The devs promised to make the game Free To Play once it was released, and instead they split the base game and Battle Royale into to games at the same price of the base game. What a huge scam this game is, even worse than DayZ Standalone. Valve needs to remove this game from Steam and refund all of the people who bought the game, this is outragous and greedy and just plain pitiful. It's insulting that they think that gamers are so stupid that they would let garbage like this money-grabbing mochary of a survival game would be allowed without backlash from the longtime players.AVOID, AVOID, AVOID. DO NOT BUY THIS OR KING OF THE KILL."
,Recommended,295110,14021144,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,dirtydan,"Got Potential ,People complaining about bugs and Servers down = ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T because its Early Access"
,Not Recommended,295110,28321907,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,GrayKnighted,"I actually played a lot of h1z1 and then one day it told me my account didn't match. Try though I might to fix the problem with support, it soon became clear they wouldn't be able to get my game running again, and they blamed it on me. I buy games on steam to avoid that kind of thing in general. I thought it was an okay game, but when I get locked out of the game I paid for and they don't have a fix... basically scam artists. Ill put my money into other devs."
,Not Recommended,295110,21653891,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,BradTastik,"Fuq Me amiright?....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\...."
,Not Recommended,295110,21468432,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Dr.Binary,Just Survive the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░▄H1Z1▄░░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
76561198027912169,Recommended,295110,19855902,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,GayErik,fun when you have friends unlike me :(
76561198055882035,Not Recommended,295110,19885408,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,AppleDeath,"Love the game, please fix it. Battleye is useless."
,Not Recommended,295110,20039658,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Lo0pyJas0n.( ಠ ಠ ),this game fuc k
76561198163745870,Not Recommended,295110,20041819,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Daberoni2000,i would put 20 carrots up my♥♥♥♥♥instead of playing this game
76561198060969174,Not Recommended,295110,20312754,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Lunatic Fringe,"Bad game, poop salad extreme. Should have spent my money on a Shakeweight."
,Not Recommended,295110,29122946,Posted: 8 January,all,Yuri Vladromavich,Another early access zombie survival game that had nothing to do with survival or zombies. Odd few hackers now and again but its mostly this.Build base in cities for best loot with entire clan.Murder everyone that comes in and even fresh spawn.Get raided by better players and start all over again.New owners murder everyone. Get raided by last team.The cycle continues until a hacker comes along and plants mines everywhere.This game is just a timer killer when you are bored. Was hoping for so much more :(
76561198044644337,Not Recommended,295110,18541340,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,UpNext Tim Huncho,This game is great. In fact going through the floor in battle royal is legit the best part
,Recommended,295110,18100122,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,tuudug-,"Best game ever ;)People claim that there is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of hackers, actually it's not."
76561197995576108,Not Recommended,295110,19552881,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Inkki,"I am just going to say, if you are casual and you want to play for fun in survival and stuff, go for it.But, if you are competitive player and want to become good in this game and get reported many times, you will get banned because of some kind of third party software (they will never tell what).Just saying that their anticheat is total donkeyshit, even big streamers get banned but somehow they get better service than normal people and get their accounts unbanned in 10min.I played 975h and wasted over 100 euros on this game just to get banned for no reason.NOT RECOMMENDED IF YOU ARE COMPETITIVE PLAYER."
,Recommended,295110,17801879,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,S4M0Z3,I like the pve mode cuz u can explore the game more. I dont like the pvp mode cuz u cant do any large projects becuz u get killed is ur on a high pop server becuz people are everywhere and in low pop u arent expecting anyone to so they sneak up on u and kill u 1 shot and br is crap cuz u parchute in get scared from hearing gunshots find car (no sparkplugs) find crappy .380 pistol find working car drive to middle of circle wait for tthe gunsots to start jump out of cover and bang ur dead. overall thogh I like the game.
,Not Recommended,295110,20110113,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,BatVibes,"i have a few problems wih this game so far... Its nice, but needs A LOT of work. The game is very slow and lacks alot of starter materials to be harvested, making for a lot of work which usually is flusheddown the toilet when you die. The speed is horrible. Running is almost the equivalent of walking.   you'd need to spawn in the perfect place, get the perfect stuff, and then grind until you have a base thats big enough to hold you and your stuff, and hope it doesnt get detroyed, losing hours, AND I MEAN HOURS of work.hackers also destroy this game aswell, and the developers have seemed to stop caring about the players, as their attention is focused on micro transactions and battle royale, which has nothingto do with zombies and not why i bought the game.spawning is random and to find civilization, and materials, the only way to do anything in this game, you literally have to walk through the woods at a heart renching speed for HOURS in some occasions until you find a truckstop, and MAYBE a town. Even then you wont have everything you need. i can gauruntee you, if you see a big base that belongs to someone, they're cheating. As soon as you get anywhere, you'll be killed by the cheater, of course, and you'll be forced to start all over, flushing hours or days of work down the drain.Its far too slow of a game and overall painfully BORING. If things were adjusted i would happily rate this a thumbs up. In terms of material gathering and stats, custumization, and overall progression, ARK survival evolved hits it right on the nose. Its difficult to get bored in that game. with h1z1 i find myself wanting to quit often, as after hours of gameplay i seem to get nowhere due to the problems mentioned above.Im sad to see that the developers stopped caring about the game and more about making money.news flash: you wont be making♥♥♥♥♥♥when people stop playing."
76561198121035162,Not Recommended,295110,20852842,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Ya boi FuccDatPussy665,Bought the game.Played the game.Went to sleep.Woke up.Banned for no reason at all.10/10 would get banned again
76561198116141899,Recommended,295110,20710450,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,banks,Gr8 Game Wud Reccomended
76561198207716612,Not Recommended,295110,20735826,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,baitMICHAEL,how do u get refunds?
76561198058245965,Not Recommended,295110,20736724,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Broke Chigga,this game sucks♥♥♥♥♥♥if you have bad internet cuz you die lmao if you lag and BS like ♥♥♥♥kkkkalso there are many survival that♥♥♥♥♥♥on this game straight up lmao. another thing to point to add to this rant is that vehicles barely spawn.this game makes minecraft look good LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL
76561197999297097,Not Recommended,295110,21092884,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Vaping Penguin,A battle royal simulator. The survival aspect is garbage and has no announced launch date. They are charging you 20 dollars for the games seperately soon and there are still micro transactions in the game. If you cna get it for 5-10 bucks for the BR server then buy it and enjoy some occasionally fun games but mostly just a hiding/running game till you get destroyed at 5 players left. Fun with friends but clearly those who purchased the title to play with friends when it went FTP are not goign to get that chance anymore.
76561198086420831,Not Recommended,295110,26560980,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Walla_Jag_Dog,h1z1 url not found. wtf i can't play this game
,Not Recommended,295110,26649011,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Jeimssi,Boring 0/5
,Recommended,295110,29552988,Posted: 28 January,all,Qu1mby,Fun and sometimes challenging. Recommend having a few others to play with. Other players stick together and there are some hackers. so sometimes its unfair and un fun. Other then the kids that cant win legit its alot of fun. BRING A FRIEND !!!
,Recommended,295110,28340340,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Vyper.,"The survival game I've been looking for. Simple crafting system, classic-style zombies, easy to play with friends, not as grindy as others. Still needs some work (what's the deal with cars disappearing?) but overall quite fun."
76561198086496514,Recommended,295110,29434455,Posted: 22 January,all,Squibby,">Friend gifts me H1Z1>Gets pumped>Gets on game with friends>Friends get mad because i was being autist, i just wanted to fist a zombie or something.> Friend gives me sweet speed racer helmet, i am now speed racer.> I run around like my favorite hero, speed racer.> Friend puts me out of my misery.>H1Z1 doesn't work anymore>Plays the game a few days later>Onced launch, my firefox goes ape sh*t and gives me 60 tabs of dating hot asian babes>Makes the assumption H1Z1 is a pro hacker.10/10 Got murdered and a with more asian hookers than jabba the hutt."
,Recommended,295110,29347343,Posted: 18 January,all,Psycho,"It's a nice game overall, still has some bugs and PvE is kinda boring... but still a good start to learn the game mechanics, PvP is nice too, but there isn't a lot nor any friendly players, or at least I didn't find one who won't kill you on sight to steal your loot. So play it with friends for a more fun and less frustrating gameplay.As I said, it's a nice game overall, could be better with a few changes and bug corrections.. (:"
76561198260283364,Not Recommended,295110,30131004,Posted: 23 February,all,redditor4155,This is a great game when it works but those moments are few and far between. I cannot play for more than 10 minutes without the game crahing to desktop with no error or anything. Tried the multiple fixes listed online and nothing works. This game has great potential but the developers seem to be in way over their head. No wonder Sony dropped the company! If you love being frustrated and losing hours worth of work go ahead and waste your money on this trash.
76561198009170214,Not Recommended,295110,30824357,Posted: 29 March,all,dirknigh,DONT BUY DAYBREAK GAMES THEY WILL ROB YOU. IM NOT TALKING WITH GAME QUALITY NO I MEAN THEY WILL LITERALLY SIGN YOU UP FOR  A MEMBERSHIP PLAN WITHOUT ASKING YOU AND CHARGE YOU. THEIR CUSTOMER SERVICE IS♥♥♥♥♥♥NO CONTACT INFO CANT CALL THEM  THEY WANT YOUR MONEY AND the games are pretty bad too.
,Not Recommended,295110,22520702,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Wanted_Dead95,"This game is terrible. I don't recommend it for the reason it's poorly made. It's over run with Hackers and it's just not fun. An example: You call in an Air drop, whick costs money, or to win them. You get excited but when you call them in, the whole server gets notified which is fine. however when your crate drops. It falls slow  and when it hits, it explodes and a large number of zombies come out of it. While you fight off the zombies, it allows multiple people to take your drop or to get a easy shot on you since you're surrounded by zombies. Like what sense does it make, for you to recieve an Air drop full of zombies. It's not a movie, and it's not a evil company trying to kill you. I highly consider anyone who wants to buy this game to rethink it. Not worth the money."
,Not Recommended,295110,26013105,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Daon,I can say the game is good but as it stands Rust and 7Days to Die  would be a better option
76561197963328320,Not Recommended,295110,26079453,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,[PCUP] Socke,mein eindruck nach einiger zeit.....ist nen shooter geworden keiner sagt mehr was und es wird einfach drauf losgeschossen ob man voll ausgerüstet oder new spawn ist spielt dabei keine rolle
76561198038035535,Not Recommended,295110,26548372,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Elgorn,Abandomware....The Devs abandoned the game
76561198272039028,Not Recommended,295110,26567069,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Jason | trade.tf,Don buy it i paid 20 dollars then fo a week i played it after that i tnever work and every time i launch the game it tells me the page cannot be found. I have made 5 different accounts unistalled  the game and reinstalled but nothing works and i cant get a refund because i played for a week. Two of my friends also have this problem and theirs nothing they can do either.
76561198071662268,Recommended,295110,14595479,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,✪ Frankie,H1Z1 Это очень приятно
,Recommended,295110,14589825,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,UZI,"Putting some time in and being apart of the forums, H1Z1 is DayZ with a heavy emphasis on crafting. In a way its better. I like it, maps are smaller, but not too small. You can essentially play the entire game in the woods and be just fine. Looking forward to the future of this game, and hoping that the devs wont let me down."
76561197992753202,Not Recommended,295110,21043444,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,sparkydill1986,"No way ill ever play this game again. These people are just taking your money and not maintaining anything. Hours of walking around and i think i saw maybe 2 zombies, the rest is just a giant pvp ring of people ganking you and camping your body. This isnt helped by the fact that there are people hacking the game or botting. I was riding in an SUV with 2 other people when someone was walking in the air above us teleporting around and all of a sudden he killed me while i was sitting in the back of the truck. I guess things like that are a normal thing after talking to a few other players. How long do you have to have an early access before you admit failure? These guys needed to walk away a long time ago. There are many better survival games out there that actually made it. If i could get my money back i would have."
76561198274361717,Not Recommended,295110,21047000,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,theywatchingme,So here iam so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥waited to get a good pc to get into the elite world of gaming and this was the one ....that showed me its no dif then android pay 2 win crap sad where games are going or should i say have gone
,Recommended,295110,15974331,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Nex,"My friend told me to get this game, it would be fun he said. I spawn in, get chased by naked people until I died of dehydration.I spawn in again, and was forced to strip naked while a gang goes through my stuff. Got shot in the head.I spawn in for a third time and I meet someone, we become friends and play together for awhile, we both got killed. Took us about 3 hours to find each other again.You either live long enough to become an♥♥♥♥♥hole or die to one. 10/10 will keep playingHowever please realize that this game is in early alpha and is undergoing many changes and bugs are still present. You are purchasing a game that may never live to see a successful launch."
,Recommended,295110,14015595,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,DuPPy,"Ok so it had a TERRIBLE launch but what did you really expect on release, all that aside once i managed to actually play the game is amazing to add to that hotfixes and patches are already on the way my advice is wait for a few weeks then buy this game because its going to be awesome ignore the haters if you dont like the game it has already been said on twitter that you can claim your refund count yourself lucky because most devs wouldnt allow this you knew it was EA"
76561198057319133,Not Recommended,295110,28604308,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,diabolixnoir,owned the game for 2 days and was never able to play it due to error g29. fix your♥♥♥♥♥♥steam. ♥♥♥♥ing ridiculous
76561198063850117,Recommended,295110,22918339,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Jadmar,Been playing since release and I've always loved it. Updates are sometimes good and bad but I'm a sucker for survival games :D
76561198111778491,Recommended,295110,15341565,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,L4G,gud time
,Recommended,295110,15104103,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Fox,Gmae is fun but there needs to be game engine improvements int eh quality.
,Recommended,295110,15242309,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Rudolph,"In all my opinions, this game is much smoother, more stable, and overall, MORE BETTER than Any Open Survival, I have played. Better than DayZ and Aftermath. Money is well spent even know its free soon. Game is incredible. Keep up the good work and give us highlights, of whats up next!P.S .... I CANNOT WAIT FOR CROSSBOWS!- Rating 10/10"
76561198172578025,Recommended,295110,15065191,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,One_Elite,i been playing this game since it been out and the devlepers have done a graet job seeing this game from nothink to somthink is really nice. i ho[e they add more zombies so they are a trat and more wepon wang and mitral buldings and helcoters in the futer i highly recmend getting this game its a great game espacial whith you frinds
,Recommended,295110,15074368,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,boosting,"i have reccommended this game to my friends. and we all share the same reaction..its that throughout the span of 3 months the game has improved from ""not bad"" to ""great"" and hopefully ""hell yeah!"" ahaha"
,Recommended,295110,14538080,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,T_Maags[BS],"Day one: Eat some berries + punch some zombies = profitDay two: find a backpack and pistol. no ammo. still punching zombies.Day three: find some friends (5+). loot and trade to gain strength. now shooting arrows at zombies.Day four: another large group approaches BUBBA'S TRUCK STOP! we prep for war, hiding behind wrecked vehicles.Day five: CHARGE!!!!! both groups charge at each other swinging axes and shooting bows. cluster ♥♥♥♥ ensues. about 10 seconds of fights and everyone stops and starts screaming ""I CAN'T TELL WHO WAS ON MY TEAM!!!"" guy with shotgun shoots and injures one person. everyone else bombards him with arrows. loot his body and scatter in all directions.Day six: find more friends. laugh about last war. on way to cranberry to loot with a fresh spawn. give him essentials and help defend against zombies and belligerent players.Day seven: find a military backpack, AR15, and ammo in a house with my new freshy friend. Walk outside and freshy friend's friends shoot me once in the head with an arrow and i lose everything. gg.day eight: fresh spawn. eat more berries. punch more zombies.Day 9-12: eat loot kill repeat. make friends and find a jeep with all parts. Drive jeep for 5 minutes. try to run someone over. ""isn't this awkward you just ran into a hacker."" continually lagg in front of me. shoots my jeep with one arrow. boom. we all die. hacker lols. gg.Overall this game is solid and has some real potential. The hacker issue really needs to be addressed but the devs have been very swift to responde to player concerns so its only a matter of time.If you like killing, dieing, and starting over frequently then you'll love this game.Its really not that hard to get geared pretty fast if you group up or go to the right places. the map is huge but all spawns are close enough to something good.Also battle royals are cluster ♥♥♥♥s of fun if you can get in one. DO NOT MAKE TEAMS HERE YOU WILL BE BETRAYED.gg."
,Recommended,295110,14610033,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,J. Brandston | 3E-8,"Let me say, outbeats ANY survival game on PC or any platform that I have played! PvP, PvE, Battle Royale... All of them are fun! And what is awesome is even though it's the same thing every day, it's endless of entertainment and fun! If I could get that heroin needle and put a little H1Z1 in it, I'd do it!"
,Recommended,295110,14515354,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Sneepar,"-Spawns in.-Hacker teleports me.-5 people call me the chosen one for their god.-Their god is a hacker that is invisible.-I complain about it.-Hacker spawns bear to ""punish"" me.-dies-10/10 would get punished again."
76561198062033154,Recommended,295110,14411538,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Frido,I found a friend and decided to roleplay 10000 B.C.. We found 6 guys with bows and spears; We killed them all. Cavemen-style.10/10 would clutch again.
,Recommended,295110,14412602,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Cruze,"First hour of the game, some guy gave me a bow, then proceeded to punch me to death while I tried to figure out how to make the bow work. 10/10 would die again."
,Recommended,295110,14425066,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Zachary3D,"Joined my first game.Immediately came across 4 players fighting with bow and arrow(2v2).Convinced them I'd just bought the game, was unarmed, and wanted to watch.After one side fell, I was approached by a man with a deep Scotish accent.He murmered, staring into eyes at point blank, ""Aye mate, you know we kill on sight, right?""I said do what you must. He said run if you want to live. I turned and ran.9/10 -Still running in the opposite direction"
76561198045980480,Recommended,295110,14604413,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Green Bastard,">Woke up in a field after long, hard night of drinking>After an hours walk to town, seen a man staggering about>Laughed and called out, assuming it was my friend who left me in the field as a prank>Discovered it was, but he was dead... sorta.>Ran away from fear and cried over dead... sorta friend.>Secrectly watched over dead... sorta friend from a distance>Became one with the land, makeing things and eating things>revisited dead... sorta friend and murdered him>build shack over his body>became more one-with-the-land-ish>been alone for a very, very long time>build signal camp fires to attract others>realize the others have things I need>kill others and scavenge everything>realize I am more dangerous than H1Z1Would prove humans are more deadly than any virus again!!  10/10"
,Recommended,295110,14614933,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Turulszem,In a month the game got more updates and fixed than Day Z in 2 years...I have to say it worth the buy.
,Recommended,295110,14540516,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Plasticine,Batman Spawns inWalks around the hoodsees guyguy starts fist fight with batmanbatman uses ninja skills guy gets rektarrow walks in and shoots batman in the headBatman faked deaththen respawned10/10 would batman again
76561198066701283,Recommended,295110,14545475,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Drugo,Nae vay it on top non stop
,Not Recommended,295110,21594497,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Amatirasu,Trash
,Not Recommended,295110,21579583,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,BOOGER SUGAR,"Only reason I have this unfortunate excuse for a game is because I had it for BR's before the game split, thought to give it a shot because ""hey why not it might be decent"", well I was verywrong. If you don't already have this game, don't bother getting it at this point.The farming gets boring within a couple hours,rate of finding useful things while scavenging is just terrible, almost never find anything besides tarps in wrecked vehicles, and the odd shirt around, I got lucky after 3 hours and found a 44 magnum around Cranberry.The rate at which the combat knife spawns is rediculous, I went through 3 houses and saw 4 of them, like really devs?Not to mention, the fact that you don't have a spawn point to go back to if you die and lose you stuff is maddening, to farm for hours to find useful things, try to establish a base, only to get killed by some cancerous larger group already built up on a server, and spawn on the far side of the map having to try to sprint across gods green earth hoping to get back to some resemblance of what ""might have been"" a base.All in all, because of the slow, boring grind and the terrible community, I give H1Z1: Just Survive a 2/5, the game looks nice, it runs farely smooth with the odd hiccup on some servers, and could one day be a great game, just not yet.The server's could also use a peridodic wipe, because at this time, I tried to find a server besides a boring pve server to get started on without having some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ bigger group continuously raid and destroy any attempt at getting built, and couldn't find a single one. The PvP of H1Z1 is fun, just not when you have not chance at fighting back."
,Recommended,295110,14289361,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,X275Gaming,Absolutely amazing game! Way better than DayZ. I love how everything in the game is. I can do a lot more than DayZ. Also they update it basically everyday! The deveolpers are on top of their game! Love it! I recommend it!
,Not Recommended,295110,14270361,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Errrm A Salty Virgin,"After all the hype and friends recomendations I must say its not very goodby the way just in case you did not know third person is t if the sever allows you, for some reason it says 4th mouse button whitch im sure is great if you have a mouse like that but the bind is t.theres not way to change the controls AT ALL ive looked into this and nope no way. it gets boring watching the timer go down every second searching.... searching.... searching.... the controls it self the movement of the charter hes like a gold fish stuck in a bowl somtimes when he goes over to the door. I will countine on playing as im sure when i learn more it may become more enjoyable as it gets updated I know its in the first stages and is fun to watch people play but i did not enjoy playing it my self. It could be a aswell im used to differnt things like having groups and talking as this game can get boring fast on your own after i played more though i may change the review but for now heres my view on the game.EDIT ONE:So, had another go died of dehydration ( I got little from food but apprently that dose not help that much) then I respawned in a tree.... lets think about that a tree so im just floating in mid air. And thats not even the most annoying part i tried to ua differnt name and gusses what it was all taken I could of smashed my head on the key board and it was not allowed.EDIT TWO:So now, after running around for a while I saw a bear and imedantly went crying in the stores bathroom while peeking out i saw a zombie running at the bear then the bear just ran away. Then after all that the bear got stuck on a post (dont ask i have no idea) and the bear paniced and tried running and gave up then started attacking the zombie. So I took an advantage of this and ran. Then the gun shots came and i yet again hid and cried with a hammer I found on my travel.Then next thing I know is a bullet hits near me. I found the person resbinsoable and hit him with a hammer about 60 times he did not die (no idea why) he did have a gun and a helmet but he should of died from that (Btw if your reading this work on your aim its really bad you pointed and missed loads ran away then got an axe and put it away gg) i ran away as i got bored with no loot and a guy who refused to die (i wounder why) so i left where the guy swearing at me (makes sence randomly shooting and missing and swearing at me for stuff what is not my fault XD cant help the fact you shot at me i hope i almost killed you but i have a low attation spam for people) so to recap bear vs zombie=tv show? and guy who refeuses to die.I may be getting a better feel for this game im kinda liking the fact i can hold bear vs zombie events in bases, I wounder how much I can charge?EDIT THREE:I played this game yesterday again with some friends to try it out (They said its been updated quite a bit) and last night is when I had fun on this game it is up to you if you want to but it I could go ether way but I enjoyed it last night it was fun, met some cool people and had laugh and I got lost near where my base was (GG) I was across the street yet again crying in a bathroom with my shotgun on the door as there were zombies around who wanted to eat me, they got deined (Sorry about my spelling :D) so I had a little fun then yes, and I feel like I can change the no recommendation to a yes but maybe try it out at a friends or watch some videos first to make sure this is your type of game. Now I need to find the person who shot at me, have fun!I changed my mind: NoAnother edit; this is placed here because of what I said above.. Basicly read the other reviews about the recent changes of this game. The two differnt games now lets think about that two differnt games what are the same game. Yes I know one is survivel and one is basicly batteing other players. But why buy the same game twice. It already isn't worth it.I always thought the hype to this game was too much for what it is. But this proves it 100% and not just with the lies they told their comminuty the ones who pitched in to HELP because they thought that they was going to relese it for no cost after its out of early access the ones what wanted to watch it GROW they wanted to HELP it GROW but..  Yeah didn't go out as planned did it?Update:So, they are still being money hungry devs, who ruin games and gameplay for money... Hmm BECAUSE THAT ALL WAYS WORKS. If devs made games aimed at players that would equal more players which in turn means more profit. Now what they did is,1. Increase price2. More microtranastions - the game already had a lot (Since it WAS going to be free it was forgiveable at first)3. Split it into two gamesNow, I don't use the word idiotic, but I need to know what the hell the devs are thinking. I wanted to support this game what would have been free, thinking I'll watch it grow and become better, but I endded up watching it get worse and turn into what it is now. This is just terrible and a waste of potential. The game was already sort of boring when it came out on its own, and this far into devlopment its still... EXACTLY the same, no progress quite the opersite(I know spelling but it's 4am at the moment I'll fix it later if I remember)Cons- Devs- Gameplay- Players- Loot system- Real money buying system- The game just on its own- Spliting of the game- The price- The fact its not free-Everything- Exploits/glitches- HackersPros- ??- ??- ??- ??Ah yes, perfect game, I see no issues at all *Rolls eyes*"
,Recommended,295110,14377518,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,[FzB] Flip,"I don't see how people are complaining about hacker in this game when they've only put 5-10 hours into this game. I've played over 60 hours, and I haven't seen any flyer, hacker/cheat yet. I'm not saying that they exist, but through my 60+ hours, I've been having a lot of fun scavenging, making my base, crafting, etc. I definitely do recommend this game. It's not complete, but it's a lot better than I thought, and the dev's are listening and updating the game very frequently to fix the bugs/issues that the players find ""broken"". Keep up the good work devs :)And as for the issue for SOE being under new ""management"" or whatever you want to call it, do people really think they're switching any dev's? It's not going to change the game. Anyways, this is a post that anyone could disagree with, but all in all, great game so far :)"
,Recommended,295110,14382704,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Morgan Freeman,"Spawned in for the first time on a new server.Found a fan of mine almost immediately.Had a nice chat with him for about 5 minutes.Another fan joined in on the fun.Then the first fan screamed that the second fan was about to shoot me in the head with his bow.He shot me, but through the neck, so i lived with 48% of my health missing.So I chased him with a hatchet for 5 or so minutes.Found 3 more people who sat, watched and laughed as I killed the man who shot me through the neck.I killed him and befriended a fellow who I ran around with for the rest of my times.We then met some people who I shared my story with.They ended up shooting me and killing me then telling me they loved me.They shot my friend too.10/10 would get shot through the neck again."
,Recommended,295110,14818188,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Mike,Doesn't run on an intel i3 laptop :( good bye $20
76561198059587015,Recommended,295110,14157765,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,TO05XY,Morgan Freeman killed me would take an arrow to the face from him again
,Recommended,295110,20157081,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,:3,Good game with great potential.
,Recommended,295110,14026751,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Cameron,"It's actually a good game, just the Pay 2 Win that sucks."
,Recommended,295110,30334401,Posted: 5 March,all,Empty Bottle,"g201/10, would tilt again."
76561198156165450,Not Recommended,295110,31203505,Posted: 17 April,all,Rick-the-awsome,"dog♥♥♥♥♥♥wont let me play changed my password a heap opf times and it still wont let me log on as every time i try to verify my email it says (as it wont let me play otherwise) password and username unrecognized , its bull♥♥♥♥♥♥as ime loged in to my account, why so much hastle to play a game, why do you need to know my name and my address and email just f@;k off i bought the game let me create a username and play or if you do do this make sure iot works, please refund me and ill post you some dog♥♥♥♥♥♥with the money so you can have something that is completely usless to"
,Not Recommended,295110,31203133,Posted: 17 April,all,ColdHunger,Bought it played it kicked me wants me to pay again have tried to contact support no reply. Can not recomend go get 7dtd
76561198085422808,Not Recommended,295110,31216039,Posted: 18 April,all,1336590383,辣鸡 游戏 人太少走了半天也没看见一个人 僵尸都没遇见几只
,Not Recommended,295110,31219315,Posted: 18 April,all,BorisTheHero,Dead from the start
,Not Recommended,295110,31229593,Posted: 18 April,all,Sup,I use to love this game...going back and playing again...steaming pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ this game whole heartedly...buggy...hackers..all around lame gameplay mechanics ..the loot boxes are the lamest♥♥♥♥♥♥that ever took a♥♥♥♥♥♥..spend 20$ get a pair a shoes and the same t-shirt....2/10
76561197975227949,Recommended,295110,17721758,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Mi((~JjaY,ClaSSiC
76561198172203689,Recommended,295110,17599588,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Johnny,is good game :D
,Recommended,295110,17502899,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,ah,CANT GET MY DAMN REFUND
76561198047372475,Recommended,295110,17620804,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,xSammy,loveing the BR
,Recommended,295110,17596203,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,KRiM,Awesome game recommend
76561198223159564,Recommended,295110,17655406,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Dirte,never seen a hacker in the game
76561198081758709,Recommended,295110,17655609,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Whiteboy,grape gaem
76561198069532735,Recommended,295110,17207906,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Lord Grammar,I played this game solo for 100 hours and it was fun then my friend bought it and it was even more fun so i definently reccomend thing game...it gets updated every few weeks!
,Recommended,295110,17246391,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Arod,This game is really fun. Even better with friends
,Recommended,295110,17272085,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Brammer,"decent game but could do with a few aiming fixes, id wait till free version came out"
,Recommended,295110,17902245,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Wrapzii // testing,Great game updates lack a little and create a lot of bugs too many hackers and you might get banned if you play too well because i got banned for 'cheating' even though i didnt :/ but great game!
76561198194866659,Recommended,295110,17944597,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,moe (黑客),"This game is very fun while playing with friends and such, but there is one problem I always run into and it interupts my gameplay. It is The gun physics. I extremley dislike the gun recoil, I can't even aim correctly while shooting. This usually results in my death which is not fun. I need to be able to shoot another player in PVP, but as of right now, I cannot. I do hope to see more progress built into this game, but one thing is for sure, you need to fix that horrible gun recoil."
76561198149143542,Recommended,295110,17803446,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Nadro,"Started playing game, ran into two vehicles, two guys... one shot them both accidentally with sniper. Got loot, made base.10/10 would butt♥♥♥♥♥♥those guys again"
,Recommended,295110,17886409,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,EthanFowler32,I am in a glorious love affair with H1Z1... please dont tell DayZ...
76561198112709124,Recommended,295110,17511678,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Stugo,"I have a question........WHY THE **** IS DAYZ RATED HIGHER THAN THIS GAME......This game is not only more stable (but is still in alpha) but runs sooo much faster while still maintaining nice graphics.This game also has a good ammount if gamemodes with server configured to certain ways like headshots only or PVE or PVP only.But the best of all..BattleRoyale. I think this is the most fun part of this game ESPECIALLY with friends. if you dont know Battle Royal is like a survival gamemode just without stamina and thirst etc. Its a very intense gamemode sometimes or its chill until the circle that you are restricted to has the circumference of a hair. Not only that this game has alot of customization that is available. You can get different clothes from cases or off the market. So yes i highly reccomend this game over DayZ for its smoother performance,cheaper price and fun.  H1Z1>DayZ"
76561198121104907,Not Recommended,295110,21666283,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,TrashGoblin,dont buy this game you will regret it
,Not Recommended,295110,21686995,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,RobinC,They messed up with splitting the game.
,Not Recommended,295110,21274959,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Igor of Kiev,"Making a fool out of us, trying to profit more and more without doing♥♥♥♥♥♥They should really be ashamed of themselves, the game is obviously incomplete, and they're still spliting it, making intotwo games, just to profit even more.Even on Steam sale,DON'T BUY IT."
,Not Recommended,295110,28660260,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Marilious,Won't open with out service pack now. Been a waste of money and wish I never order it in the first place.
76561197962011525,Not Recommended,295110,28336595,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Mozdodoz,"Once upon a time it was great. Fantastic in fact.. I had so much fun on this game.But now..It's a load of b.llocks.Don't waste your money.The game just became a cash cow.The devs have killed it and put no effort into fixing it.Full of hackers and no population.This game is DEAD..Please, trust what I say.."
76561198073132568,Recommended,295110,28885467,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,GamingWire,Great game! It's practually Minecraft but for adult! Geat way to blow off time yall should consider it!
76561198145411329,Not Recommended,295110,28961054,Posted: 2 January,all,Titan43,This game used to be great but it is no longer worth the money
76561198175806225,Recommended,295110,29185590,Posted: 11 January,all,XxSmokiexX | Pvpro.com,Love the game but as long there is 1 or more players there is wayyy too many zombies around. Used to be too little but now it's way to much.
,Not Recommended,295110,29592624,Posted: 30 January,all,Ryce Cunt,Community=cancer-KOS no way about it.Towns=scarce af-nothing to survive.
,Not Recommended,295110,28773961,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,DaiSakuDai,4 to 5 day's ago i saw this Game unsale for a Good Price so i bought it with their DLC. But the next day i tryed to Play sed Game Crash's after a few 2nds in Loading Screen and Open's up in Chrome saying we have Issue's Verifying your Account even though it said Verifyed.  I try to Verify Game Cashe but everytime say's 65 Files failed to update.  So i decide to check the Discussions and Turns out Everyone had the same Situation when they bought the same game from winter sale.  I spent 4hrs trying to solve problem no luck.  In the End DayBreak just Blames Steam instead of Fixing the issue at hand.  I had high hops for it but there is no sense of wasting on something so Broken Sadly.  Head My Advice just by Miscreated instead.
,Not Recommended,295110,29290258,Posted: 15 January,all,CovertCody,Everything is basically broken especially the guns and I always get ♥♥♥♥ed in the♥♥♥♥♥by virgins who spend money on the game to buy skins cause they don't have any friends to sit with at lunch. There are also way too many Canadians who think Canada is the best when in reality they will soon become North North America because we are superior and Trump is our ray of hope in this♥♥♥♥♥♥world. I'm talking to you coolaid and ♥♥♥♥ you moonman you c u c c
,Not Recommended,295110,29298015,Posted: 16 January,all,sn0if,99% of the game is just walking and looting. 1% of the game is where you get killed.
76561198261377655,Recommended,295110,29303677,Posted: 16 January,all,iLifeSaver|Dz✔[GameTame.com],Great Game ♥
,Not Recommended,295110,29023864,Posted: 4 January,all,jtgunner,"I said a while ago this game would die and it has. putting out a backpack skin as a DLC, instead of an in game pick up or skin. WTF. trying to get on the store page lol.  Unreal devs."
,Recommended,295110,29468583,Posted: 24 January,all,cashmoney #movingto NA soon guys,"the games amazing, dont let the reviews fool you.i went back and forth for a week before buying this again on an alternate account of mine, and have since dropped almost 200 hours in 1 month.the game is amazing , has hackers from time to time and some bugs but the game is fully worth it"
76561198146365977,Recommended,295110,29232138,Posted: 13 January,all,Vape On,u must have team to play this game
76561198276151283,Not Recommended,295110,26348815,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Baconsniper,"this game is h1z1 red headed neglected stepchild, all the buggs and no updates. people are finaly catching on, these devs are terrible or just stupid or both im not sure. save your money"
76561198195209201,Not Recommended,295110,29192860,Posted: 11 January,all,RoB,You will run around for hours either searching the right weapon for your ammo or the right ammo for your weapon. Not worth paying 20 euros.
,Not Recommended,295110,16632548,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Kohfi,"EDIT: I rate this game negative at the moment because the Dev's dropped JS for KotK, hacking/ESP is at an all time high and major perfromance issues that havent been solved yet. I love this game, I really do. I can't recommend in its current state though.Do not play this game if you ragequit quite easily.Do play this game if you want a real challenge in PvP or PvE modesThis game is very addictive. The thrill one feels whilst playing is a new kind of thrill. Whenever you hear footsteps, voices or ,even worse, a car then you hide, heart beating in your throat. People are dangerous, as are wolves, bears and zombies. The Headshot only, 1st person view, recipe-wipe servers are the most challenging. Both with PvP and PvE. Crafting,building, scavenging and surviving is what you'll do all the time. Hoping to find quest letters and stashes of ammo.You can communicate ingame with people you encounter but I highly recommend that you play it with friends and communicate through teamspeak, skype or something similar."
76561197969587561,Not Recommended,295110,21243478,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,The Pwn Shop,"Massive disappointment. How can a game be in ""early access"" for 340983240932 years? There are no improvements, same garbage alpha/beta game. I could go on and on, but the other reviews basically cover all what is wrong with the game.This one could have been a stellar addition to the surivival genre. Do not buy."
76561198070057709,Not Recommended,295110,30514651,Posted: 14 March,all,Buff Bagwell,"I bought this game with high hopes and was present for the day one crash where we couldn't play the game until the day after release. I gave it time and hoped to watch it develop. For a brief moment there were updates and it appeared the devs were actually working on the game, but now the updates and patches are adding bandages to limbs that need an amputation.With Daybreak's focus solely on KotK I cannot give this game a positive review. I mean, come on Daybreak! How hard would it be to give us the new map KotK got... that would at least show that you were still trying to keep the game alive. Alas, this game is as dead and deserted as the world it was ""trying"" to create. I want to give this game a positive review and I want the game to be good, but with almost two years in early access it appears to have gone the route of DayZ standalone... only DayZ standalone still appears to have some promise.It's a shame Daybreak had to break this game... it really is."
,Not Recommended,295110,20904444,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Anthonii,-microtransactions-♥♥♥♥♥♥ gameplay-♥♥♥♥♥♥ devs-cashgrabbing-unfixed bugs-hackers
,Recommended,295110,26405563,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,John F. MCDonalds,"Game's pretty good accept for the developping state. Rust, ARK etc have better devs & actually fix things. The H1Z1 Devs break even more things every patch & only add crates to gain money."
,Not Recommended,295110,20139697,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Manny,"I have yet to play a full BR (Battle Royal) due to server disconnects. I have 3 hours and out of those 3 hours i would say 30 minutetes is actual gameplay. Its pretty fun WHEN IT WORKS. I would just wait till DayBreak fixes the issues, then pick it up from the Steam Store.Rating; 10/10 Disconnect Simulator"
,Not Recommended,295110,20176903,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,✪Valubar,Nah.
76561198021842292,Recommended,295110,20177513,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Killermen962,"H1Z1 is a unique experience imo. Although the survival feels one sided in terms of first people gettings guns have absolute athority and I have yet to lay down a platform for a base in survival.... The game is ok if you play w/ friends in survival but even better in Battle Royale. Battle royale comes in 4 varients (Not counting events) Solo, zombie, duo, and 5-man. About 80% of my time is on Br and it can eat up time pretty fast. Battle Royale is not as simple as alot of people think it is because it is actaully abit strategic. Yes you have a car but do you want to drive it? It can get you to safezone fast or across it to some enemies but it will fill the entire sector with sound and you will be noticed easily. Battle royale is about stealth in my experience, hide in trees, bushes, etc and if your well stocked and safezone is about 2x2 sectors, let people pass, dont blow your cover and give yourself away to the last remaining 20 or so. If your into survival games, I give this about a 6/10 but the combat and possible stratagies in battle royale makes me give a good rating of 9/10.Like scavenging for weapons, supplies, and armour to fight against on average 120 players? Buy itLike survival games that are tough and un-forgiving with KOS everywhere? Buy itDont like games where you spend over 20 hours trying to establish a base but always end up being found before you can even mark on a server? Gtfo >_>[Will add on to]"
,Not Recommended,295110,20178826,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,is ketamine vegan?,Dont waste your time with this game.It cant even compare to DayZ even if it has more bugs its 100% more enjoyable.I swear this is the worst 20$ i ever spent and I cant even refund it because in my 7 hours of play time at least 6 I spent trying to recover my account... .
,Not Recommended,295110,20180144,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Tzokke,"Gameplay experienceLife 1:Started out in the middle of a forest. Ran around for 10 minutes, dodging wolfs and picking up sticks. Map was of no use because the ♥♥♥♥ing thing is completely unreadable. Died to a magical mole-wolf.Life 2:Started near a town. Ran around in the said town, trying to find stuff. Found a rag. Died to a pack of zombies.Life 3:Started out in a forest, ran around for 10 minutes, Died to a mole-wolf that apparently cast entanglement spell on me because I could not move or punch it.Actual reviewThe game apparently is popular among the streamer community for some reason (Most streaming battle royale) and the devs know this. Thats probably the reason most of the content patches go towards battle royale. The survival aspect seems completely broken from the videos I have seen and from the stories I have heard. Hackers are a big problem too in the survival mode from what I have heard.I fail to see how this game is any different from warZ/Infestation. Gameplay seems pretty much the same (Both broken messes with rampant hacking) but this takes the cake because the devs are trying to milk every last penny from the community via the market before the game eventually dies when the streamers get bored.ConclusionWould I recommend this? Not even if you are bored. Save your money for a better game. H1Z1 is supposed to become F2P when (if) it launches so just wait for that."
,Recommended,295110,15236479,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Certified Psycho,it is a nice game and battle royal is awesome!!!!!!!LOLOL doing this for the achievement
,Recommended,295110,15454314,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Krueggz,THIS GAME BROKE MY COMPUTER
,Not Recommended,295110,14003968,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,FiestaVan,G99/10 GOAT
,Recommended,295110,14014304,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Sam,"To be honest, even though they did lie about P2W, the game isn't that bad as everyone makes it out to be. People its litreally so early alpha, give it a chance. They say feedback is the best way of them improving the game.(Don't let my 0.9 Hours put you off)PROS:- Good VOIP- Great Graphics- Good Item spawns- Good Menus/HUDCONS:- Not enough servers (IMO)- Loot is all gone by the time you get on and play- Lots of bugs (of course because alpha)- The startup launcher is annoying, just launch into the game please- Controls are clunky (Alpha)- No self key mapping (Will change in future)- Hardly any EU servers (EST Wait time: 2hr)- P2W, Airdrops are op (I've not had a probelm with this, just off what people have said)Conclusion,ITS ALPHA PEOPLE, DONT BUY IT IF YOU DON'T EXPECT BUGS/IMPROVEMENTS IT EVEN SAYS IN BRIGHT BLUE HOLY CRAP, THANKYOU FOR READING!"
,Recommended,295110,15124626,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,YongL,Highly recommended for those who are into Minecraft and Left For Dead. :P
,Recommended,295110,14388129,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,10tapmachine,Legolas simulator. 10/10
,Recommended,295110,14403063,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,herbie herb big verb,"It all started when I was young... I played House of the Dead and from that point on I knew I love zombies, or as they say these days on every original twitch stream I watch 'OMG ZAMBIES DUD!"" from this point I got everything zombie themed I wore zombie pyjamas, drank from a zombie mug, zombie bedsheets, look I mean it everything was zombie themed.I have played all of the zombie video games they are the best I have watched everything with a zombie involved in it, scooby doo and lets not forget the best television show on earth... AMC's The Walking Dead.That is my introduction of how much I love zombies so you can take seriously as you read this review.I bought this game the day it came out I had heard so much great stuff about this game SOE (Sony Online Entertainment) did a really great job at advertising this game on streams, summit and Ellohime were my favorites when watching them play this game it made me feel like Hitgirl in the Kickass sequel when she watches that boyband and subsequently ruins the movie.I have chopped down trees bought $1000 worth of air drops I downloaded OBS so I could record cheaters because the world needs more people like me to do good things. I say friendly to everyone, I have died 400 times because they said they were friendly and dropped food on the floor for me and shot me and laughed out ""GET REKT SCRUB!"" in their best Lirik voice.Despite the cheaters and unfriendly people this game is the best. I will be playing this until the next zombie game comes out, thank you, thank you so much Sony for releasing a game that will take me back to the days of the zombie pyjamas before Osama bin Laden was a bad guy and before people weren't aware that Nirvana were actually terrible.Yours sincerely, Davey ""ZombieGameLover"" Ward.P.S. Dying Light sucks, I pirated that aids."
,Recommended,295110,14412278,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Crispchart,i can play it now
76561198020905022,Recommended,295110,14156481,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Masq,"I punched a deer. It ranI chased the deer and punched it some more. It ranI chased the deer and punched it again. It ranI chased the deer to punch again, before I could punch it some more...A BEAR CAME.10/10Punching deer, while getting punched by a bear = win."
,Recommended,295110,14733785,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Mykap,"I can only play every fourth Battle Royale game i get into because it almost always crashes because of ♥♥♥♥ing bugs and♥♥♥♥♥♥ But when i actually get to play, then BR is the most fun crap i have ever played"
,Recommended,295110,15661144,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,BlackRiders,"The game, yea its buggy, but who gives a flying f*ck, the hackers are being dealt with and you can report them easily, honestly, this is all you can say against this game. H1Z1 has left DayZ in the dirt with how well it is doing. If this were an indie game, you'd buy it becasue it looks good and promising, so why not give sony a shot at this, and give them a helping hand with funding, and have funF**k ya C**ntsBlackRiders"
,Recommended,295110,15721015,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Lowkey,"Great game, logged in , ran around a bit , found a gas station. Looked for items inside , found 3 people running with automatic weapons , said hi, got shot at , ran off....few moments later got eaten by a zombie.in other words , pure enjoyement"
76561197970182188,Recommended,295110,14393567,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,z1,"So I was pretty immersed in this game after buying it.  When it sounded like fireworks were going off in my room.  My PSU exploded.  Hopefully just coincidence :)  From what I've seen it's a decent game.  Don't listen to the Negative Nancys.  You can bump up the graphics nicely inside the .ini, make it look even better.  So far the game play was good enough to keep me interested.  But only got 2 hours in before my PSU did a fireworks show."
,Recommended,295110,14410393,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,NoiceLikeRoice,chopped down a tree with a stick10/10
76561198053596443,Recommended,295110,14423683,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,123,"Awesome game, lots of fun."
76561198171308234,Recommended,295110,14432992,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,xxxcorleonxxx,i love this game
,Recommended,295110,14836012,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,PURE FAT,"Guy Tried To Run me over screaming ""ALAHU AKBAR"".10/10"
,Recommended,295110,14925599,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Raccoon,"You think Zombies are the threat? Food? Water? No. None compare to the all might BEAR.This mother ♥♥♥♥er has no limits. he will chase you around the world and back just to see your demise, Just for him to 2 hit you and evily roar in your face mocking you. So if i could give any tips for new survivors, when you see a bear either give up, run, or hide10/10 #Antibearmovement"
,Recommended,295110,14499728,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,AMZERO7,"The game is great BUT the entire base building is broken. Its very easy to break/glitch into bases and steal stuff from other players. I am all for raids but it need to be A LOT harder to pull off. There arent enough zombies either, its a Alpha fun for a few days then just gets old fast."
76561198106282453,Recommended,295110,14460697,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,NaHar,"H1Z1 Pros And ConsPros:> Quality time if you meet with your friend> Creativity in Discovery section> TPS shooting is not that hard> Game gets updated every week or in every 2 week> Cities are beatifully created and seperated from each other> Melee combat is beatifull in PvP> You can easily start of with making Bow and arrowCons:> Zombies are obsessed.Example:If a zombie runs after you he doesnt care if someone is next to him.> Wolfs are obsessed.My friend got chased by a wolf for 30 min> Looting System is weird.There is nothing really usefull except Police Station's Loot> Russians are dominating and people shoot on sight> There is no decent map> Pay to :Get shotgun,shotgun shells,backpack.But when airdrop comes you will die even if you ordered it I guarentee it.> Blackberry picking simulator.You can only eat them one by one.Gets very stressing when you need to eat 25 of them.Cuz there are people around.> Hackers.....The game is Early Access Alpha.Devs are really trying to improve the game.They are doing their best they can.Even I said alot of Cons but this game is worth trying.You will have alot of fun if you have few friends playing the game.Buy this game if you want support H1Z1 Development.If you buyed DayZ and dissapointed this game is for you.Have fun while playing.Add me if you want to play together.-Lucifer"
,Recommended,295110,18251363,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,itzduckmeat,"Good game, getting better all the time..."
76561198115813594,Recommended,295110,14872480,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,CODER,My experience:Respawn right next to bearAnd died.
,Not Recommended,295110,16446864,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Eqm,"too many issues have improved, so do not rush to buy it. even when you're in the game and play the game stops,and are far too many hackerstarget system is below average, armor and helmet just serve fashion, the protection is nonexistent10/10 runing simulator and hide an seek :))Ps: still to many hackers:(PPS: Hackres still rulez the Battle Royal, Devs are to slow with improving this game"
76561198023729905,Recommended,295110,17604250,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,overwatch is better,"Great potential. Released way, way, way too early and now they are paying for that in reviews."
,Recommended,295110,14076262,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Lobsta,This game is the opposite of DayZ.  Every single person I've passed has been friendly and no one has killed on sight.  All early issues seem to be patched our or in the process of being fixed.  Great dev support and I believe this game will live up to the hype.
,Recommended,295110,14007525,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Jenno180,"well today was the day after long a long wait the great loading sim of our time has come out and at a mere $20 bucks you can own this!!!what you get full 60fps on the loading screen, does my GTX 770 handle this game, it must a full 60fps on the loading screen and nor frame drops my godbut in truth i have no idea what this game is like will update once i get in and play it*edit the game is good needs more work but will get there give it time and it will work out"
76561198074875271,Recommended,295110,14888858,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,SuckleMeBungels,"I spwaned in, saw a guy said im friendly we teamed for 10 min He killed meI learned my lesson DONT TRUST ANYONE but i did the same thing what he did... RATE 10/10 WOULD DO THAT AGAIN"
,Recommended,295110,15068127,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,_=Viper-Strike=_,"Good Game, couldn't wait to buy it because everyone said it was really awesome.It is but after playing a while it gest repetitvie, there are just a few weapons, which you can easly find, but ammo is really hard to find on the game, I manage to get at most 12 .45 bullets, and 2 shotgun shells.Although you can build a small base, this game is more focused on keep constantly moving. Because as far as I know you cant respawn on your base once you died.I haven't seen hackers as other peorple mentioned.Game aesthetics are really nice.If you are looking for a more complete zombie game with the same approach, I'll say go for 7 days to die. Doesn't look as pretty as this one. But you can do way more stuff, it's early access as well but it's far more advanced than this one.Going solo is really hard, having a party of 2, greatly increases your chances of survival and get a better experience.Side Note: My advice as a cool game compulsive buyer guy is wait till the game gets better.Nija Side Note: Battle royal is nice for 3 or 4 games, I manage to be 15th of a 140 poll and manage it camping, which doesnt sounds exciting at all."
76561198202967828,Not Recommended,295110,21011858,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Waylon,Played for 18hrs til I realized it wasn't a running simulator
76561198149087427,Not Recommended,295110,21012671,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,[TA] DusK,"This game was brilliant! I love getting killed by hackers and smashing up my keyboard, and being killed even though I shot someone first! It was the best way I could have wasted my time so I totally recommend it! And the refund button worked perfectly.2/10 - Not enough Goats :("
76561198305084995,Recommended,295110,23460071,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,RayneDaze-Lost,"I think this game can be alot of fun if it wasn't full of cheaters and hackers. and perhaps if there was a goal, like special crafts you can achieve for gaining XP , like ammo maker for example, or gunsmith"
,Not Recommended,295110,25964061,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,CliffyTdj,What load rubbish maybe ok if get help how to craft♥♥♥♥♥♥i start off managed to craft bow and arrows thats about it as for finding guns s-h-i-t nothing when searching as for building stuff nah need to learn how to craft is what this game mostly aboutmanaged to craft some stuff as for gun nope!! maybe if devs added guns spawns everywhere then be ok and can go on hunting spreemanaged to kill players and zombies with bow and arrow at moment my opinon on this type game mode crap.
,Recommended,295110,14156915,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,bloodwolfnzx,Words words just get it words words.
,Not Recommended,295110,29974169,Posted: 16 February,all,Çako,I got 1400 hours at this game and it gets worse everyday!!!  now the invisible cheaters that we can not even report!!
76561197974314811,Recommended,295110,15699496,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,.oOzi.,"Game is very fun, some of the most fun I've had lately on a game.  It is beta and missing some things but they are slowly working on it.  Definately a great buy at $20"
,Not Recommended,295110,18338946,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Pop Tart Kid,aids
,Recommended,295110,19641061,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,cRu Maniac,fun
,Not Recommended,295110,19023217,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,washed,This Game is broken and is not fun whatsoever...i Join a lobby and i get kicked and i loose a event ticket.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tHIS Game
76561198059484410,Not Recommended,295110,28959517,Posted: 2 January,all,Dilzze,Refunded this game... not woth money :)
,Recommended,295110,18560119,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Zsokker^,"Best surviver game on steam. It's not a DayZ clone, that only wanted to take your money.BR is just awesome <3"
,Recommended,295110,19320741,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,L0wsenS,Im a survival games lover but i bought this game when its released and just played 170 hour.-Battleroyale mod is awesome-Survival mode is boring for me bcuz clans have really good avantages-Base building is so hard for me-I Played 170 hour and no hacker thats really good-No lag good serversJust buy for battleroyale.
76561198186357194,Recommended,295110,19103211,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,dikfaec,"This game is so fun, i love playing battle royale with my friends. Gets a bit annoying when they die tho :/Overall it is a great game."
,Recommended,295110,14009848,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Tyrone Olajida,"I waited for this game for ages then finally it came out. As of now its a unplayable game, but the community is just heartwarmingly good. i had just spawned in and ran to a church where there was 3 people they welcomed me tot heir base and i stayed the night there the next day they asked if i wanted to go airdrop hunting. i said yes we got upto about 10 people and no one was a traitor. you felt like you needed the others to survive as of the zombie apocalypse was real. i think as of now dont buy this game, the zombies dont attack airdrops are bugged etc. But look into it in a month, there will not be as many airdrops as it is now but still. and the friendly players will then have more gear."
76561197990978986,Not Recommended,295110,14010456,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Doug,"Afwul. 100% focus on micro transactions for skins and lots of stuff that doesnt contribute to gameplay, which is as bad as the day it was released. Now, it's even worse. Crashes all the time"
76561198057607323,Recommended,295110,14017962,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,SidewaysLlama,"A group of Russians jumped out of their car and one had a pistol, he threatened me by saying ''ai willa shewt yoaw bish!'' i then shot the groups cop car with my bow, blowing it up whilst singing Trololol lololol olololololololol69/69"
76561197960490272,Recommended,295110,14048118,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Juba,10/10Everything I wanted in life. Hunting Rifles are to much fun!Thanks
76561198060177230,Not Recommended,295110,14687055,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,lɘnA,-Launch Game-Load Character-Spwn In In Front Of Some Guy-Gets Stabbed Twice-Dies-Game Crashes10000/42
76561197965971060,Not Recommended,295110,14696281,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Effenkool,"Pro'sGame runs smooth on most systems with high amount of players shooting at the same time. The game looks beautiful and immerses you easily. Battle Royal team's is really fun with tactical friends, and survivor is fun with everyone! I have ton's of time on survivor I just cant build anymore it's takin thw wipes have takin a toll on me. This game is fun don't get me wrong but I am fighting for a better game, I hope my opinions reflect the way other's feel but if not that's ok I am just 1 person.Con's in order from least to most annoying0.Hacker's make the game unplayable, and Daybreak gaming is sorta fixing this really well latley I get killed by a hacker once a week and pointing at them hitting cntrl and r reports them now, however in survivor mode hackers are plentiful and survivor and getting killed without any information is annoying, and makes you guess if it was a hacker or not, who knows? Daybreak has made exceptional strides at removing hackers and continues to do this, but at the end of the day it just takes 1 hacker sometime's to completly destroy how the game feel's when you spend 4 hours making some parts to a base and having it takin away only that 1 time.On survivor mode on the popular server's like abomination and alastor their is always hackers in the main city's that kill you instantly. You have no idea where you get hit from nor any sound an no one comes to loot you. As of Sept/2015 It has hit an all time low.If you build a abse don't store much loot into it, as hacker's teleport into it and steal it all, sorta pointless to horde in the game.1.You cannot aim in third person because its a white pixel on your screen, some people can see this pixel better then others, this is truly annoying and make me angry. Why can't you put a cursor their? or any option of anything? Even make my pixel bigger, scew it ill just put my own white dot on my TV and remove it everytime I wanna play this game, thx for being annoying.2.A.i on zombies doesn't work and the creators promised ""horde's"" of zombies but clearly don't know the definition leaving this a mostly ""PVP GAME"" how stupid could they be, and this is a clear problem, a zombie apocalypse mean's humans vs zombies not PVP 90 percent of gameplay. (They have sorta fixed this as much as they can and I see small horde's sometime's). If anything I can reccomend is please do something drastic to fix this problem, maybe have server's run just A.I zombies that log onto server's and have some sort of evolutionary intelligence provided by some god coder's that know how to path find and do that stuff.3.They said they would make map expansion's so the game would be like 16,000 square kilometer's but this clearly hasn't happened, not even in small step's. (They have now stated in the roadmap what step's are needed before this, the roadmap looks good check it out on reddit.)They game's development feel's slow at time's we will just wait and see if they do anything great.Cannot access my account because I dont know my secret question. I know have 2 accounts I cannot access even though I have my access to my email and know the password to my main account to log in I cannot access forums or change passwords. If I have my email access I should get my password change, MY BANK DOES IT WHY CANT YOU? did lizard squad really throw that much fear into you guy's?Bugs like being able to shoot in 3rd person while laying down on a slope.Shotgun is op 1 shot kill almost all the time close range..308 Sniper rifle is silent when shooting like wtf? this has been like this for months.Explosive arrows only in certain spots. DSR with Nvidia does not scale the text and map in game, whie killing floor 2 does this nicely for DSR user's.Game just crashe's and in task manager the game always proceeds to want more memory starting around 2.8gigs and proceeds to 5.5gigs after 2 hours of gameplay followed by low fps then a crash.This has been happening since day 1 of my gameplay in sept2014.Settings need most costum options.View distance could be modified so it is dynamic, and doesn't waste uneccesary resources. For example if I go into a building why am I rendering something 1.5km away? Even if you made a quick button to change view distance if making the could to be dynamic in situations is to hard, we could still manually change the view distance with the help of hot keys.The game need's more of a story to it, also more personalizations to the story to give it a personal touch or style. The sky's at night time look beautiful and the lighting is amazing but thier is no glow stick's no firework's barley anything pretty except the brillant lighting what a shame. The day looks bland and the sky could use a story or something in it to remind us we are in a apocalypse? maybe blood rain? or dead zombie bodies piled up in the scenarie. It need's work or the texture's alone are gonna kill a great engine.Review will change with developement I have been known to reccomend this game and change reviews frequently."
76561198096734996,Recommended,295110,14604130,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Hot Doge on A Stick,10minutes: Found a gun a shirt and convinced my friends to buy game15minutes; Found a guy who is friends with my friend so we team up25minutes; Went down the road talking to people and asking where the church is30minutes; Found church and wait up for meh friends but meet 2 harmless peeps and guy and a girl decide to team up40minutes; Friends finnaly showed up but then more people came to the church and then meh friends starting killing the fresh spawn D:45minutes; Put one of meh friends down for disobeying me and killing fresh spawns48minutes; the two guys and the girl we met came with us to the town in search of adventure and food50minutes; Met a group of 6 guys in town started to talk when suddenly one of our members was shot in head51minutes; Heard someone scream war then the mosh pit between our to groups started54minutes; Found out the war had been started by a guy in our group trying to shoot the other group but shot friend by accident55minutes; Guy and the girl betray us and finish me and meh friend offbest....................................hour...........................of..............................my............................life.
,Recommended,295110,14616652,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Therealdaniel,gr8 m8 i r8 8/8
,Recommended,295110,14243868,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,jakeepoo,"So far has every thing dayz promised, without the crappy ArmA engine."
,Recommended,295110,14372840,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Not JLD312,"-Spawned-Got some pretty sub-par loot from this house-Some guy speaking russian runs up to me-I say ""Speak english please""-He runs-Im like ""Ight"" and keep searching-this entire mob of like 7-8 people show up-They are all speaking russian-""do- d- do any of you speak engish?""-*Random russian gibberish*-Some actually can speak engish-""Sit on the ground or die""-ok-They each take turns punching me until I die-They T-Bag my dead body11/10 Would sit again"
76561198112818317,Recommended,295110,14668081,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,DR.BUSHINATOR,"this game is amazing need some fixes but its in beta so u expect some bugs just like i got killed by invisi zombie in a house, i took it like a pinch of salt imm sure it be sorted soon love the crafting system in some way it kind reminds me of minecrat with some things u gotta do. its fun getting chased by a player and die the we team up killed some other people it was good till i got shoot in the head never saw the bloke again lol if u reading this its mentalmark lool 10/10"
76561198130688455,Recommended,295110,15659205,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Carol WD,"I love the game, but what is with all the zombies far to many if you ask me I understand that they need to be in the game but my word its impossible to go to Pleasant Valley or Cranberry with being mobbed. I don't mind a good fight but its crazy.I do reccomend the game but I warn folks about the Zombie hords.   Today I did a solo run to Cranberry and I won't do it again. Yesterday a friend and I ran there and I ended up dying its impossible to fight 20 or so at a time..."
76561198099893946,Recommended,295110,15541633,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,..,-spawn near a guy chased by a wolf-helps the guy kill the wolf-run opposite side-suddenly an evil eats his soul and kill me with his bow-10/10 will respawn-10/10 will /respawn-10/10 will now kill everything that moves
,Recommended,295110,15408690,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,FG9K Moist Pancakes,this game is not good because i cant play it because it is only playable with a 64 bit computer. A lot of people dont have 64 bit yet so i cant play it :(. developers please update the game so that the game can be played with 32 bit.
,Recommended,295110,14931315,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Legion,"If you enjoy a good survival game then there is a lot here to like and recommend. The game is focused on crafting mainly for survival, looting food is possible but far more dangerous as you have to contend with other players doing the same.Other players are the real threat here, friendly arrows/bullets are a constant reminder that when there's value in your loot packs contents you're life is most like to be forfeited in the main towns and cities.Out in the wilds however the game takes on a different pace. Carving out your little corner of the apocalypse through base building, setting animal traps, planting crops and securing water is a good change to the abject terror of the cities. Up until quite recently there has been an issue with hackers (may their hands turn black and fall off) being able to enter your base through the walls and rob you blind, however this seems to have been sorted for now with the recent spate of updates making hacks fail and banning the sad little people who use them.Gunplay is tight with constant tweaks to balance it out properly, scrounging ammo can be an issue early on though. The vehicles have seen much improvement in the past months, the pick up truck will still flip without warning though.The other side of the coin is battle royale, 60-180 man free for all where the last man standing wins airdrops and persistent items for your character. Alot of recent changes made during weekend event have smoothed out being able to play with friends, via all clicking join at the same time. Great fun with a team.Worth the asking price? Yes.Or if you dont wanna pay it will be free to play eventualy."
,Recommended,295110,15059489,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Radical Moose Lambs,-Spawned-Got chased by wolves-Punched a wolf-Dead-Respawn and died beside someone-Found friend-Sang a song-Stared at a flare10/10 would do random things again
76561198036082692,Not Recommended,295110,29226584,Posted: 13 January,all,dan_mercier,"last time i played was in 2015 now i receive a message saying that i'm ban from vac for this game because of cheating ,so i'm gonna go delete all of my daybreaker game account hope they gonna close. if you want to get random ban this is a very good game for you because a lot of issue on this kind of case."
,Recommended,295110,29436180,Posted: 22 January,all,DUKE NUKEM,A really good game its fun when you have people to play with or alone your choice.
,Recommended,295110,30019508,Posted: 18 February,all,Angry Jew Goblin,I personally love the game i really enjoy meating people but have a feeling in my chest like crap i hope he dosnt turn on me. I also love collecting item and noticing my growth. I love when you hear a car or something thinking crap and sneaking around trying to get away from him. I think it is a lot more fun with a friend but not boring on a high population server by yourself.
,Not Recommended,295110,22920050,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Taki,"This newest update has made the game crap, Im constantly glitched when trying to fight... I hit a wolf about 20 times with a combat knife and it was still able to kill me.... plus the poximity chat doesnt even work anymore so there goes trying to have fun talking with people... this new update sucks and Im giving it a thumbs down until its fixed... loved this game but right now its not tolerable..."
76561198175279337,Recommended,295110,22426010,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,bribiedecerto,Well worth the price
,Not Recommended,295110,21286136,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,FMyLife,DayBreak is a piece of sh*t
,Not Recommended,295110,21326233,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Grimlock257,"H1Z1, the broken zombie survival game which they split into two games the same price as the original single game. Clap clap Daybreak.Nahhhhhh"
,Not Recommended,295110,21345267,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,A-Drain,DayZ now has Cars n♥♥♥♥♥♥♥so there really isnt any point to this game anymore.
,Recommended,295110,26062545,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,iTheDuck,"Does have bugs but welcome to a developing game, I have put almost 1,500 hours in so obviously I still enjoy it, great content just hope the developers keep working and improving it, worth the money for sure!"
76561198156414698,Not Recommended,295110,25949377,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,SouthWestUk,So i cant even access this game because of the lanch pad is broken and is something to do with you can only play the game on the hotmail you purchased the game with ...... this game was going to be so good when sony owed itand now the new devs / daybrake have ruined this gameDO NOT BUY THIS BROKEN GAME!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,295110,29844534,Posted: 11 February,all,Lynch,please...
76561198099232657,Not Recommended,295110,29854817,Posted: 11 February,all,CaptainSharky,"Play game with friendsfind loot and guns and ammohackers teleport to our positionkill uswe respawn on other side of maphackers again teleport to uskill usthis goes on for many respawns over couple hrsthat was when i decided this game was horribledevelopers entice  pay to win, pay to hackscrew all normal players who just want to play the game"
76561197978546492,Not Recommended,295110,29132998,Posted: 8 January,all,Frontier-X,"This Game has some serious problems. THE BAD:  First of all the game constantly desyncs all the time.  Second the crafting mechanics do not make sense at all the workbenches are broken, also the furnaces, campfires are broken, you can't even tell if the stuff is working or not and one player can tell they are working but the other player still thinks it's not working, it's just sad where this game has gone, I remember bragging to my friends that SOE could make a better zombie survial game then DAYZ, Mad regrets, period. Third there are some serious hacking problems in game, threats resort to players threatening to raid hack your base which involves them preventing you from reaching your base or logging into the server. Serious game breaking problem. Fourth the visual field of view when playing is dumb players appear as shadows in the distance, this totally kills the gameplay when you compare it to other survival games. Fifth the game has gotten worse than when I first played it on launch, it's just imbalanced in a really bad way. Sixth King of the Kill is where Daybreak games is putting all there money into, survival looks bleak compared to it. Which is not saying much ARMA III Battle Royal is way better. Seventh: The hackers can tell what room in your base have your loot they also can get into your base without going through your walls or doors. THE GOOD: The zombies look really cool except they constantly desync when you try to attack them it's really disappointing I know SOE could had fixed the problem Daybreak games not so sure. Basebuilding is cool except it's got some problems, giant mega bases should not be allowed, this needs to be fixed ASAP."
76561198257729762,Not Recommended,295110,23511835,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Dark Mantis,sh**t game!
,Not Recommended,295110,23687376,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,AGK | Fusionbolt2000,"Rating - 4/10_________________________Game Is no longer active_________________________Hardly anyone that speaks english_________________________To hard to craft up when everyone kills you_________________________It says game is in development, that is a lie, they hardly update it_________________________If you find a glitch, they probably wont update it..._________________________NOT RECOMMENDED__________________________Would give 2/5 stars"
,Not Recommended,295110,23684858,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Droppum,"I have yet to write a review about this game despite it being the most played of all my steam games. Here goes then.I bought this game by mistake on the first day of release because it was mistakenly listed in the free to play section. A mistake that could have got me a refund and I could have walked away. I didn't. why? Because I was so hyped for this game for so long and I was too excited to play it to bother. And so I started my H1Z1 journey. In the beginning I could find absolutely zero loot but this has since been fixed. The loot system may not be perfect but you can find some decent stuff after not too long playing. The only problem is that you will quickly find a gang of even more looted up individuals who will promptly dispatch you and walk over your dead corpse looking for the next poor soul.That sums this game up for me. You die. And die. And die over again. Those Fanboys among you will tell me about pve but there is just one problem with that. It is♥♥♥♥♥♥boring. It doesn't need to be of course. A friendly server with no pvp and just zombies to contend with would be absolutely perfect for me but there is just one problem....... No zombies anywhere other than in select spots and only a fool would volunteer to walk into danger like that. Wildlife, especially bears, do still pose a hazard but not enough. So not. pve is not an enjoyable option unless you want to craft a base in safety.That brings me to another problem. Bases. They are ugly as♥♥♥♥♥♥and easiuly exploited around in pvp. And in pve they litter the landscape making the whole game look like a bombai shanty town. A zero base building server would be appreciated or even better, remove it completely from the game and allow instead the ability to turn pre-existing buildings into a locked off base. That would be much more realistic. Who in their right mind would build a wooden base when there are brick buildings around that you could use??? Think about it daybreak. It would change the game for the better.It isn't all bad and it is in early access but I cannot recommend it in it's current state and at the price tag it has."
76561198121627713,Not Recommended,295110,23710699,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Jaden Vaas,Game is ♥♥♥♥eWont let me sign is because is ♥♥♥♥e
,Recommended,295110,17222853,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,The Ninja Has No Name,"I was hesitant to buy this ALPHA since I'm pretty scared from playing the horrible War z AKA Infestation. But after play a good solid 86 hours I can safely say that I'm glad I bought it and can not wait for the Full release.There are a few issues that should be fixed before moving up to the Beta mode.PVE zombies chase you WAY too much, they are relentless and no matter what you do ( crawl, crotch, ) They will start chasing you from 4 blocks away.Also I've witness hordes spawning in front of me while being chased by zombies. You manage to kill three zombies twelve more spawn around you.I've had situations where I would jump over a barricade and the zombies chasing me run right through them like they weren't there.The WORST issue I have is trying to melee kill the zombies. I'm not sure if this happens with other weapons like the bat but with the ax sometimes i swing, and they react to the swing but i dont hear a hitting sound which means they aren't taking damage, but then they swing at me and i take damage. I have to resort to running around the zombie to hit their back to finally get a hit sound and they eventually go down after 2/3 ax hits. I hope this issue is fixed before any because nothing is more frustrating than taking damage after a zombie should have died 12 hits ago.Other than does issues the game looks beautiful for an alpha. The gameplay as far as shooting and interacting with items is pretty well done.Hopefully they will add more options for customizing players and also work on more weather changes, I love the fact they added rain to the mix. ( Hopefully we can have some snow levels? )OH! One more thing. A Sever where the location is a city would be AMAZING. After a while the whole running through forests for twenty minutes to get somewhere gets old. Lets add a urban city server guys!"
,Not Recommended,295110,19273515,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Zenoeses,"Hackers roam everywhere, developers care for money and nothing else, no updates being pushed through, worst devs ever. Save yourself $20"
,Not Recommended,295110,19258910,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,OllieQueen52,"When I first purchased access to the Early Access Alpha, I was incredibly excited about the game. It looked to be a game that would bring the experience of a zombie apocalypse into an MMORPG. That, to me, was a brilliant idea.  It would be like living (to an extent) The Walking Dead. Obviously there were kinks and problems to work out, and I understood that, so I went into the game with an open mind and few expectations (beyond what the company had promised).  What I got was a great game with a lot of problems; problems that the devs have yet to solve, and I purchased this game over a year ago.  So let's talk a little bit about the three main problems I have with the game.1. Hacking:  There is absolutely no anti-cheat mechanism in this game short of having a mod on the server at all times kicking and banning people from the server, which does no good because they can simply create a new character and continue on their merry way.  This has been a concern of the players since day one, and it has still not been addressed.2. Base Building:  The process of base building is extensive, understandably, but the results are lackluster at best.  Base doors can still be jumped over, glitched around, or cheated through.  All of the time you spent building a base was for naught, because people can get into your base and steal all of your things without you being able to stop them.  The addition of sniper towers was nice, but still not enough to make base building worth it.3. Survival Mode in General:  I bought this game because I wanted a zombie SURVIVAL game, not a competitive shooter, as did most other people, because that is what we were told this game would be.  Instead, the developers have put a majority of their time into the Battle Royal modes - which, when the game is finally released in full capacity - won't even be free, and don't even have zombies.  The buildings are all the same, just copied and pasted to different towns, and it is just not polished at all.Needless to say, the game needs work.  You should not buy it until you know for sure that survival mode is going to be the main game mode/focus - unless you want to play a competitive third person zombie shooter game with no zombies."
76561198048436364,Not Recommended,295110,22849094,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,P90,"Do not buy this game, it's community is full of hackers... Any car i find won't last more than a day inside my garage base, any hacker can just blow it up from outside the base, using hacks of course... You can have 10 people cntrl+r the same hacker and he wont be banned. So that describes how's the devs progress against hacking, they just don't care... Any kid who's able to write down on youtube or google H1Z1 hacks is going to be able to do it freely in game... This game has to die.. peace."
,Recommended,295110,19906654,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,playboy,"If you are getting JUST for BR, I think it is really good, but the normal survival mode, not so much."
,Not Recommended,295110,21442128,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Elunex,I dont recommend  this game
76561198176971614,Not Recommended,295110,25057351,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Goldy,"the game is really buggy and needs to be fixed, dont put things in that dont work yet."
76561198361492316,Not Recommended,295110,30509152,Posted: 14 March,all,アメリカ人は愚かだ,不是我想喷这破游戏，他妈的有网活生生的整成没网，垃圾游戏。
76561198149740082,Not Recommended,295110,20887501,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Cause_Of_Death,Another rubish survival game gone wrong with hackers. shiett game. save every dime
,Not Recommended,295110,21339635,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,George St. Geegland,Devs are money grabbing wh*res.  Avoid at all cost.
,Not Recommended,295110,21339071,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Donger | M3M3 |,"Gets boring quickly, that's about it..."
76561198088920068,Not Recommended,295110,21332810,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Oliver,"This game is fun if you already have it, but after the microtransactions and both games being $20 each after the game split it isn't worth buying. (Fix your♥♥♥♥♥♥Daybreak)"
76561198063443716,Not Recommended,295110,21341075,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,p3dro_2486,"DO NOT BUY!!!!DayBreak and Sony are a joke with the debacle over the (mis)development of this game. First the microtransactions, now youre splitting the so called ""free to play"" game that cost $20 for Alpha into two pay to play games for $20 each?!?!?!????WOWFail.Hopefully the rumor of refunds regardless of hours played are true and I can refund this abortion and spend it on something worthwhile and more rewarding, like a cheesegrater to rub on my junk"
,Not Recommended,295110,21333689,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,I Need Bombs,"♥♥♥♥♥♥ business practices strike again with this company. first the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ skins and micro transactions in a paid game. now this split that charges people per gamemode? this should be revoked and you should have your 2 dev teams work for the 20$ i gave in the beginning.steam put in a rule saying that you cannot change the price of your game, and this company found a work around. terrible business practices.This game is not worth the 40$ they are asking for as they have little content to back this up. the only good component of this game is the battle royal mode. and that should not be 40$."
,Not Recommended,295110,21333031,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Ghost of the Bastard Man,"The only reason I'm writing this review after not playing this game since the beta launched is just because I heard about what Daybreak was doing and I wanted to just add to the ""Don't buy this game"" crowdThat being saidPlease do not buy this gameTake your 20 bucks and treat yourself to something that isn't awful."
,Not Recommended,295110,21032682,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Allzahax,"Had I wrote a review when I had originally purchased this game it would be 100% positive. But now I have no choice but to give it a no.When I first started playing H1Z1, it was amazing. The comunity was great, the devs were open, and the game was getting pretty consistant updates.Then, BR came out.How a survival game turned into another shooter is beyond me. The survival aspectw as lost and this new mode killed what would have been a wonderful game. Don't get me wrong, I have no problem with PVP in H1. I just have a problem when the main game was abandoned in favor of a microtransaction infested shooter.The devs have lost their roots and have started going for the cash grab.Splitting the game does not make any sense. You do not need to have two different titles to have two different dev teams working on a game; and if you are going to split it, make survival either $10 or free like it was supopsed to be in the first place. Taking your game, splitting it in half, and charing double it beyond stupid.Stop being DayZ, be the devs we trusted you to be, the ones we all supported when we initially pitched in for what was supposed to be a free game. We gave you our money because we wanted to see this game happen, not for you to get greedy and ruin what could have been."
,Recommended,295110,14006093,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,MrLastLaugh,"Been playing since Day One launch.Things were rocky in the beginning.There were tons of ammo but no guns.There were tons of guns but no ammo.Lots of bug crashes...Then hackers became prevalent.20,000 hackers got banned.Then DB unbanned 20,000 hackers.Hackers are now prevalent.Still fun to play if you don't take the game seriously and are willing to lose everything either to hackers or server wipes."
76561198150810878,Recommended,295110,15334421,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Hammer_G0,Good game!can be beter building and better graphics.but it is a very good and nice to play with friends
76561198144145787,Recommended,295110,14267787,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,TreyTries,"I dont really know how to review this game so here is a recipe for pancakes instead:Whisk 1 1/2 cups flour, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder, 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon baking soda in a medium bowl.Whisk 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons milk, 4 tablespoons melted butter and 1 egg in a separate bowl; fold into the flour mixture until just combined (it's OK if there are some lumps).Brush a large nonstick skillet or griddle with butter and heat over medium-low heat. Add ¼ cupfuls of batter and cook until bubbly on top and golden on the bottom, about 4 minutes. Flip and cook until golden on the bottom, about 2 more minutes. (Makes 6 to 8 pancakes.)"
76561198311877997,Recommended,295110,29581907,Posted: 30 January,all,Snapper Raffle,♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME GAME
,Not Recommended,295110,23486350,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Raymond,Got My account suspended for a week because you can plug out your ethernet and go inside objects. Friend thought it would be good to do it so now we are suspended for a week.
76561198038862043,Not Recommended,295110,23491465,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,[Itz]Havok,I play many survival games and this game looked like it was going to be awesome. H1Z1 brough the building/competitive aspect of Rust and the combat/scavenging of Day Z into one game but failed to grasp both aspects fully. The building is badly done and the shooting and hack and slash mechanics aren't the best either... to me this is another one of those good ideas that are badly executed... my suggestion is to go play Rust!
76561198086124187,Recommended,295110,15165023,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,MrPiNkk,"I currently have about 150 hours of play time put into H1Z1. In the main game, there isn't really a point of building bases or making stashes becuase with all of these ESP/Aimbot users, they can easily spot and kill you. These hackers are really destroying the fun in this amazing game. My friends hardly even play anymore due to all of the hackers. As of right now, Battle Royale is all I play. But these cheaters have made there way into the BR servers, wiping out the server in about 5 minutes, making it completely obvious they're using some sort of hack. How do they get away with it? Beats me. But this has really put a damper on Battle Royale.BUT, I do have faith in the development team. I do believe that once these hackers are dealt with, everyone will have an amazing time playing this game, alone or with friends. And for that reason alone,I still recommend this game."
76561198121251194,Recommended,295110,14415546,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,aeroserenity,"i have scavenged.. died ... scavebged died.. started making a base.. died.. died.. scavenged.. found a car..died.. blew up a car.. died basicly i die heaps but love it lolas for airdrops i have been playing for 80 hrs and only herd 2 airdrops in my server seen and died by the hands of manymade friends with others and yet still die heaps loli played dayz, 7 days, rust, etc there all great but h1z1 isnt them its some thing else its great its awsomeand most important there updating very regualy infact the most regular game to update i have  played in here . most things peopel gripe about have been tweeked many times and are still being tweked as they fix issues and make the game greatlet them fix the current issues before you demand non important things .  i couldnt say a bad thing about htis game its awsome  if you like suporting a great game in early alpha buy it now if not then wait till it comes out free. dont wine about it its alpha but its in a better condition than 80% completed similar games (and yes there are typos in this get over it )"
76561198113593484,Recommended,295110,14163792,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Feyl,"Update: after a few patches the game has moved well to playable range. food can now be found quite easy and items like backpack and guns with ammo are not hard to find if you know where to look. the game still needs alot of work but thats what an early access game is about. Right now the game has bugs but it is a real fun game to pick up for a hour or two at a time. If you have been on the fence about getting this game now is a good time to give it a shot.Dont waste your money. Right now the game needs alot of work on looting which makes the game not worth playing even if it was free, You spawn walk around for 20 mins and starve to death. You could pick blackberrys for 15 mins and that might keep you going for a half hour or so but there is no loot to be found anywhere in the game. You can shred your t-shirt and make a bow to hunt with but unless you can find a axe or other sharpe weapon you cannot collect the meat to cook. Starting fires is not working right now unless you find a lighter useing the bowdrill you can craft wont start fires. The game has the chance to be great but for rigth now you can get much better games for $20 and by the time this goes free to play hopefuly it will be as good of a game i see it being."
,Recommended,295110,14415599,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,ParagonTrouble,"For alpha, the game is definitely a favorite over RUST, Dead Linger and Nether. As someone that prefers PvE to PvP, I like that there are PvE servers to begin with. The different modes are also a plus as I prefer running around in third person but like to switch to first person for the bows and guns. There's definitely room for improvement and I look forward to letting Daybreak Games, formerly Sony Online Entertainment, surprise me!"
76561198128735450,Recommended,295110,15163988,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,S'Study,good game
76561198057583219,Recommended,295110,14415611,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,excavalon,"I like alot of things about this game. Crafting works great, it is easy to do. I like this type of game. I just wish there was more loot. I understand you dont want everyone running around with an assault rifle but I hate lootting a whole area to find nothing, but hey thats how the game is.I like it though. I have DayZ as well and I like this one better I think. I just feel like there is more loot to find in DayZ or maybe I am just unlucky lol. Should you buy this game? Well I hear its going to be F2P when it comes out but if you get in now you can figure everything out before hand. Its fun for sure. Just dont get attatched to your character.10/10 Would get killed by a bear again"
,Recommended,295110,15193554,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Callum | ChiefAthos,Fupping brilliant
,Recommended,295110,29530760,Posted: 27 January,all,Spartan Commander 118,The Game is fun until your game randomly shuts down and you car explodes killing your friend and when you get back on the server you stuck under the BLOODY MAP
76561198086409411,Not Recommended,295110,29633753,Posted: 1 February,all,Morex,Devs don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about us anymore. Only care about King of the Kill
76561197970619170,Not Recommended,295110,14491445,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Dekuyper,"Love this game. Very immersive, one of the most immersive games I've ever played. A true sandbox experience and a survival tale. It can be actually hard or easy to survive in this game, luck plays a big part of it. Animals and zombie chase across map can be frustrating and can make you lose everything. There are occasional hackers that could cause you to lose your hard aquired items, but you can get them back quickly if you get lucky. I'm glad I bought it, I already had $20 worth of entertainment out of it...UPDATE 02/17/2015After giving it a very good review I have to change my review as I have been unfarily banned from the game. I got an e-mail that I cheated and that I'm banned. I have never cheated or used any cheats whatsoever. It seems unfair to be banned for no reason and no wonder the outcome of their customer service I will not recommend this game anymore. I will post updates as this matter continues...UPDATE 02/19/2015They have reinstated my account and apologized for the wrongful ban. However I kinda moved on from the game. I'll keep updating if I start playing it again..."
,Not Recommended,295110,28676341,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,DAN [GAYMER],Dead community - dead game! I've uninstalled.
,Not Recommended,295110,32880114,Posted: 27 June,all,unlucky shit,"Daybreak give away account information easily, with just an nickname you can change password and email of another person, i got hacked that way, 1 game ban on record in my steam, a loot of chinese emails ... Daybreak ruined it all and i'm getting help with steam, daybreak just ignore."
76561198035638433,Not Recommended,295110,21332714,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Bonesaw the GAme Kid,garbich
76561198078668379,Recommended,295110,32991375,Posted: 29 June,all,TheBesT,nice game
,Not Recommended,295110,26077581,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Bad Cat,"G32 error for logging in apparently  ""not my right account"" go to support web just all errors wont let u change anything on your account its all garbage theres no good support on account management"
,Not Recommended,295110,20794534,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,relik^,"A prime example of a money-grab, hype train, get to market as fast as possible type ""game"". I'm almost certain that this game will never make it out of Early Access.I only played this game for a few hours, yet I encountered hackers left and right, a problem that is yet to be solved, and most likely never will be. That's enough to ruin the game for me."
,Recommended,295110,17278791,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Uncle Fungus,"-Woke up-Found my friend instantly (after 10 /respawns)-we came to a bridge-There were lots of zombies-I ran for my life-We were surrounded-We hid in a Caravan-And lived  like honey boo boo for the rest of our livesRIP: Drew Peacock and Ben Dover 2k15They died how they lived, hill billy trash."
76561198129386291,Recommended,295110,17194662,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Camo272,"I really, really like this game and i have playied most zombie games that are out on the internet and this one just seems to have everything i like in and it will only get better as new updates come out! :)"
76561198013959441,Recommended,295110,18534486,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Albin,pretty good
76561198205302647,Recommended,295110,21257967,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Mr. Kermit,why does the H1Z1 cases cost so much .... ?but i cant sell them.....why ?
,Recommended,295110,20963874,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Shank,"I have 421 hours on my old account so almost 450 hours total. Overall this game is actually very fun. Let me start with survival first. Survival is great, but there's not enough item variety or variety to building bases. It's very standard and has potential to be a great mode. Also, there are huge clans that play on these servers which can make it hard to start a base, raid, or even loot. Some clans have hackers with them to assure that they will win raids, fights, and get loot safely, but lately i haven't seen any hackers in survival due to the implementation of battleye. Next is battle royale. Honestly, battle royale is my favorite gamemode. It's competitive, fun, intense, and enjoyable. The only problem i have with H1Z1 battle royale is the amount of glitches and hackers this game has. There are many hackers who make trying to fight and kill someone very frustrating, sometimes they will just 1 tap you through your helmet, or just straight up fly/speedhack. Though, I do give them credit, there hasn't been AS MANY hackers as there used to be. But there are a few glitches that also make battle royale unenjoyable. People can roof glitch and shoot your from roofs that are not accessable and are not supposed to be used as an advantage to kill someone, but still a couple people use it every single game and they have done nohting to fix it, except implement 24 hour bans to anyone who is caught using the exploit. Also, there is a car glitch where you can shoot through the hood of your car, or even shoot through walls/fences by sticking your gun through. Lastly, game crashes. Honestly, game crashes are not as bad now as they removed molitovs until they can fix the molitov crashing glitch. But, it still happens every once in a while and can be extremely frustrating. Overall, if they fixed the glitches and just grinded trying to fix these glitches for a week or longer if need be and ended up fixing all the glitches, battle royale and H1Z1 as a whole would be EXTREMELY fun and a good overall game. Next is game performance and requirments. Honestly, if you don't have a good computer, don't buy the game. I bought this game at first with a really crappy laptop and wasn't even able to run 2 feet without skipping and freezing. This game takes really good PC parts to run well, and even with good computers in cities it's very hard to get 40+ fps. The game just isn't optimized and doesn't run very well compared to other games. Lastly, is game balance. The AK47, Laminated Body Armor, and Cars are pretty op at this time in the game. The ak47 as a gun just destroys anyone in a gunfight that doesn't have an AK47 themselves, 3 shots and you bleed to death, while the AR15 (2nd best gun) takes 4 shots to kill and has a lower fire rate. Next, is laminated body armor. Body armor in this game is extremely good, it blocks gun shots that would normally do 25 damage (AR15) and 32 damage (AK47) to make those shots that hit the chest do 1-2 damage. I think it take like 4-5 shots to completely break off the body armor making it a very strong item in the game. Lastly, is cars. Cars provide insane mobility and complete control over a fight, as well as really good cover. If you're on foot and fighting someone that has a car you are at a huge disadvantage, if they begin to lose the fight they can drive away heal up and come back, they also have spots to headglitch from, and can rush you and switch to the passenger seat and shoot you or hop out in mid air and shotgun you while you have to guess when/where they're going to get out at. Overall, H1Z1 is a very fun and good game with a lot of potential if the developers put in hard work and dedication to balance and fix the game. H1Z1 could be considered a top 10 game right now if the glitches were fixed, and the game was more balanced. I love H1Z1 as a game and would recommend it to anyone i know, but be warned there is some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t to this game just like all games, just deal with it and keep playing :). I really want them to fix this game and improve it because it could really be a fun and enjoyable game for everyone. They just need to nerf laminated body armor, the ak47, fix crashes, provide a better anti-cheat, and optimized the game better and it would instantly be a 100x better game. I love H1Z1, but it needs some work."
,Recommended,295110,19165888,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Scandalous Bob™,"Great game! But their is nothing like dayZ, so i recommend this game but dayZ more"
,Not Recommended,295110,19458213,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,doomocrat,"EDIT MAY 2017My car has been falling out of my deck for literally two years. I'm done. It's done.Pros: In terms of netcode that actually registers what you're doing, a mix of pre-made and player made bases and item spawns, depth of crafting and graphical fidelity this might be the best OWS game out there.Cons: No cheat protection to speak of. Glacial updates. Servers with tons of items develop a lot of annoying bugs, which don't get fixed quickly. Monetization modes going into the game for real money before the game goes free.Verdict: If I didn't have a group playing with me, this wouldn't have been worth full price. The Battle Royale mode is worth seeing, if you don't like survival. If you don't already have a group or don't care about survival, don't get it at full price.."
,Not Recommended,295110,21451361,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Rat Kid,"Whelp it started off good at first, but then it turned into a piece of garbage. Honestly I have more fun playing Infestation Surival Stories then this turd."
76561198059721731,Not Recommended,295110,33138504,Posted: 2 July,all,Mohawk,♥♥♥♥ You Daybreak.DON'T BUY.
,Not Recommended,295110,31000508,Posted: 7 April,all,TheChainZKid,"Another early access, piece of crap survival game, just get kotk now that they're seperate games.10000/100000000000000000000 because that's how many years will pass before it's released."
76561198350920576,Not Recommended,295110,29895715,Posted: 13 February,all,zacharykane1324,i want my money back it  wont launch ive tried everything
,Not Recommended,295110,14086006,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Proman Yeoman,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,295110,14570815,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,DAVE TITTIES,> found a running jeep> stopped at a house to look for supplies> wolf followed me> chased me for blocks> lost him> headed back to my jeep> wolf was waiting for me> mauled me11/10 would get mauled again
,Recommended,295110,20588415,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Russell,"I mean the game delivers everything it says it would deliver. It's less chaotic than Rust more chaotic than DayZ. It has moments when you're absolutely terrified of whatever it is you can hear around the corner. Moments when you're extremely comfortable exploring and moments when you're devastated so much you turn it off and consider playing Club Penguin again.The point is, although yes it has similarities to DayZ and Rust it's somewhere in the middle. I think for what it is, it's great. If you are expecting a game solely dedicated on survival; you'll get it. Not directly but indirectly, food and water isn't in abundance but the group of Scottish people that have just built a base near Bubba's Truck Stop? Yeah, you'll need to survive them first.Generally, the survival could be better because on most servers it just becomes a hoard of already established groups. Hoarding cars and everything else. Not that they should share, I wouldn't but base raiding has become a bit more tricky in recent updates so the juice is hardly ever worth the squeeze.Battle Royal, they have spent more time working on this mode but I don't mind that. This mode if anything feels more like survival than the actual survival mode. I have seen a lot of negative reviews putting thumbs down for microtransactions but if you'd be silly enough to spend $20 on a red hat then you're silly enough to lose that $20 anyway.All of the microtransactions are strictly skins (like CS:GO,) although you can win rare skins by playing and then crafting better skins from the ones you've won. It's not P2W or anything like that, you can still earn skins in the game.Overall, it's a good game for what it is.- Who cares if some guy has a red shirt they spent $4 on?- The players are considerably more intimidating than the zombies (unless hoarded, zombie hoards are ridiculous.)- The map is smaller thanthe DayZ map which is a bit annoying. However within the smaller map there are more points.I would recommend this game to anyone who wants a mixture between, DayZs survival system, Rusts building system with chaotic PVP teams in survival mode & CS:GO (possible,) first person shooting system and skin award system."
,Not Recommended,295110,33536802,Posted: 14 July,all,KidPix(Scoot),"This game would be nice if I could actually play it ._., the support on this game is crap, and my error G29 is not getting fixed no matter what I do,  and when they say it will be fixed soon/shortly, they are lieing completely, I do not reccomend buying this"
,Recommended,295110,25141731,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Visual,"one of my favorite games I've ever played, I have over a thousand hours played and I would play a thousand more.http://store.steampowered.com/app/295110#"
76561198138507653,Recommended,295110,18659472,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Xxx_SaVaGe _MeLoN_xxX,great game that has regular  updates . worth the money.
,Recommended,295110,16506745,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,DrowningBlue,wallbear ate megud/10
,Recommended,295110,15468140,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Sage ZeK,"I've had this game for 2 weeks and have had a blast. even though the only good thing to play without friends is battleroyal, when u have friends survival is a fun thing to do and just to chill out without having to worry about getting killed and not spawning. i love this game and hope it continues to prosper and be one of the best if not the best game of zombies"
76561198160961184,Not Recommended,295110,21119334,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,gatorz2,??????????????????????
76561198178460398,Not Recommended,295110,21121398,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Maxwell123boss,lag lag lag lag lag no me happy
76561198227120888,Not Recommended,295110,21119561,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,supreme812,this game doesnt work its a waste of money
76561198090443622,Recommended,295110,14450938,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Apollo,"Take everything i say into consideration. With my 275+ hours. (To break that down, there is 24 hours in a day. 275/ 24. you do the math). For anyone just starting the game, i recomend a medium populated PvP server. There you can meet some really cool people as well as have a chance to survive. I would NOT recomend a high populated PvE or PvP server because all the materials YOU need to get started are already stripped and everyone really just wants to kill you. Now the zombies are realistic in the sense that they are dumb. Some are sprinters and some are walkers. Ive met about 10 steam friends since i started H1Z1 and i can say that the game really brings people together. Since the release i have played and noticed how the game has changed. I can proudly say that the devs truely listen to everyones opinion on reddit which makes the game a huge plus. If youre stuck on whether or not to buy it, i say it depends. If you get frustrated easily do not buy the game, just wait for it to come out for free, If you dont get frustrated easily than buy it. The game is constantly changing so i hope youre easily adaptable. Rate: 4/5"
,Not Recommended,295110,26369357,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Bearmax,"Don't even bother. So many issuesSuch a crappy metaSuch a crappy community(probually because of their effort into repairing the game)Such liesSoManyLies...oh yea, you also get to play beta mode, even tho the devs dont read the reddit post about their decisions to remove or add ideas."
76561198068718858,Not Recommended,295110,29769847,Posted: 7 February,all,Yoeman,Bring all the zombies back and ill change my review to positive.
76561198027074499,Not Recommended,295110,14075714,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,OneManBattalion,"This game is being over run with hackers in early alpha! people flying, speed hacking, and impossible to kill. The video shows little of what state the game realy is in. (yea I know its alpha) was great fun while it lasted."
,Recommended,295110,14797612,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Maverick,Better than any others.
,Recommended,295110,17526282,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,bree,gg
76561198403851632,Not Recommended,295110,33538560,Posted: 14 July,all,879410925,游戏根本进不去  显示在运行 但是没进去
76561198068466253,Not Recommended,295110,17957131,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Pugware,"SOE made its cash on a ""will be free 2 play"" game than ♥♥♥♥ed off :D Nice move, distanceing themselfs from a failed project like this?!"
,Recommended,295110,20375671,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Chaos,"I can honestly admit that H1Z1 is an amazing game. I have played H1Z1 for over one thousand hours, and I still continue to play. The updates come slow, but the gameplay is fantastic, the graphics are great and the sounds are intense. Base building with my friends has made me love this game even more, but especially the confrontations with other players and groups. I would recommend this game to anyone who loves intense survival, base building, team cooperation and/or battle royale, which is essentially hard to win. Only bad note is the emmesive amount of hackers on the survival servers as well as battle royale, but none the less they are working on resolving that problem. Great game, on my way to 1100 hours."
,Not Recommended,295110,21770643,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,pac-maN_,Just.....REFUNDED
,Not Recommended,295110,18493123,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,flocka,"Reset my password 10 timesTry to log in each time""For security reasons. you must reset your daybreak account password.""♥♥♥♥ you guys"
76561198039021564,Not Recommended,295110,33616123,Posted: 17 July,all,Donald Trump,So much♥♥♥♥♥♥you have to log into and i cant even enter a server.
,Recommended,295110,17920481,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,rawj1213,Battle Royale fa lyfe
76561198036406001,Not Recommended,295110,21033653,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Guy Lapointe,Games is still in a horrible state. Constant crashes and a battle royal mode that spawns 10-20 people early to get a head start.Not sure how this game is still in such bad shape after being EA for over a year.
76561198034245439,Not Recommended,295110,20976047,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,straydog654,"I got my moneys worth, but after the split...nah im good. See ya!"
,Not Recommended,295110,21034163,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Exyth_,"A game that I was hyped for by friends, just for it to turn into one of those wastes of money and a dissapointment of a game. 10/10 would waste money again."
76561198278622149,Not Recommended,295110,21892686,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,kingpaul936,its crap
76561198061402648,Not Recommended,295110,25630146,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Akulan,This game was good back in the day it had sooooooooooo much potential. But daybreak seems to care about their king of the hill more and this game hasn't had a good update in quite some time. I just recently uninstalled it Save your money
76561197969662977,Recommended,295110,29362071,Posted: 19 January,all,K O M M A #BaNNeD,Amazing game and still just learning. Cant wait to play again.
,Not Recommended,295110,29344604,Posted: 18 January,all,Skully,"Daily routine in this game:- Spawn and look for loot-only find ammo but no weapons (except melee)- Run around for 50 minutes, looking for stuff- Get killed because of a glitchy wolf which you can't really melee killordie because 99% of players are f*cking ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥sI guess you could say that the game is abondened. Refund it as if you still can!!"
,Not Recommended,295110,18860602,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Universae,"Well, I wanted to write a good review, but thats just not possible.If I was you i'd wait for the game to go free to play (if it does now its under daybreak)Unless you cheat and risk a ban, you are just going to get killed by those who do cheat.You cant run and you cant hide, they will kill you for the s**ts and giggles.There is no team work, only kill on sight, the enviroment isnt a threat only players, and there are bases round every corner.As great as the concept is, the playerabse you'd join just doesnt allow it to work."
76561198154153021,Recommended,295110,14598859,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,^1one- ^2jump,Amazing game But juat one tip TRUST NOBODY
76561198075579027,Not Recommended,295110,18879828,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Sheik Djabuti,"I know it is an early access title but it still does not look very promising, a small, blend and uninteresting environment, outdated but still choppy graphics, random crashes. Weapons and zombies are a joke. Battle royal is a nice feature but bores quicklyNot worth the money (yet)"
,Not Recommended,295110,29750564,Posted: 6 February,all,mesa,Awful. Crashes randomly. Boring as hell.
,Recommended,295110,16148044,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Mr_Lardo,"It is a fairly good game, let me just say that first.  If you are thinking about buying this game I would definitely buy it for a couple good reasons.  First of all unlike DayZ, you're not sucked into playing for hours and hours, playing battle royal will just enable you to have short half an hour games or you have the option to play longer games by playing PvP.  Another definate positive thing about this game is that the graphics are really good.  Its not some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Minecraft looking game thats all blocky and♥♥♥♥♥♥and it definitely holds up to its competitors graphics.  Now there are a few negative things about this game.  I know everyone talks about hackers but in all reality you can easily beat them as easily as they can beat you, they are super bad at the game which is obviously why they hack.  Another con is that for you ♥♥♥♥♥ier PC users, the FPS is not that great but once you get the graphic settings all turned down and tuned in it is definitely a good 20-30 FPS experience.  I hope you liked this review and I hope I helped you make the right choice about this game.  I really do think it is a good game and if you do end up getting it I hope you do to."
76561198195267661,Not Recommended,295110,21614694,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Adam_Baumbach,Run around. Die. Repeat.
76561198142536699,Not Recommended,295110,21611872,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Bund2,"This game looked hopeful at the start when it was released but since their most recent update where there are two seperate games for double the price  clearly shows they are only in it for the money otherwise they would of worked harder on cleaning up the game, balancing the zombies, making it a GOOD game and making it work as one game rather than two ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t game. v disapointed in what H1Z1 has become.-rep for being jews-rep they did 911-rep for turning it into a♥♥♥♥♥♥game :^]"
,Not Recommended,295110,21619094,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,General J,What the ♥♥♥♥... Wasnt this suppose to be free on launch? No they raised the price 4 times more... What the ♥♥♥♥!
,Not Recommended,295110,31439156,Posted: 29 April,all,Drakal,"I used to have this game but i refunded it as there is problem with this game, creating an account is a headache i made 1 account then verify it and then tried to log in and did not work plus i used the correct infos then i made 2 other account and guess what they did not work"
,Recommended,295110,14216512,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Moose in Poose,"Beautiful game for an alpha but the Rking is mad. I mean i understand there has to be rking in an apoctolipic game but i mean, if you dont have a hunting rifle in this game you will get screwed over by so many people for just being within 300 ft of them."
,Recommended,295110,17746587,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Nadder,"While the survival aspect of this game is sub-par, the battle royale is a hella lot of fun, especially with a friend. Definitely worth the $20 just for that if you are into 3rd person massive deathmatch games."
,Not Recommended,295110,20455957,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,zero,♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,295110,20456047,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,The_Defective_Dildo,"♥♥♥♥backwards company, they will not provide support in my attempts to login, and can no longer play the game because apparently I am not siging in with the correct DayBreak account (even though I only have the one). The ONLY fun thing about this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ game, is Battle Royale,which I do miss,not worth 20$, maybe 10$, not 20$."
,Not Recommended,295110,20904856,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Vegge Lord,poo poo money gone
76561197960443282,Not Recommended,295110,21345435,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,CaptainCrunch,Terrible.
76561197996590280,Not Recommended,295110,21345808,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,only bad memes,Just ignore it
,Recommended,295110,14259278,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,FididleSucksDick,"This game is super awesome for an Early Access title. The best Open world survival MMO with Zombies game out there.If you like those kind of games, you won't find any better than this. Buy it now."
,Not Recommended,295110,21502380,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Gonza,Fun. Too bad it becomes repititive with crappy end game and hackers. Also devs are too afraid to share their ideas for the future of the game. Better spend that $20 dollars on something worth while.
,Not Recommended,295110,21484192,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Ventra,garbage
76561198262369707,Not Recommended,295110,21485769,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Augustus,HITBOXES ARE ♥♥♥♥EDCommunity sucksEVERYONE BACKSTABSALL SCUMBAGS
76561198097815611,Not Recommended,295110,21492635,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Illmatic,"My computer lost its virginity to this game and couldnt run it would not recommened, my computer is now HIV POSTIVE :("
76561198204739073,Not Recommended,295110,21504205,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,GhostlyRaptor0908,cant even play it waste of money
76561198229655872,Not Recommended,295110,22723183,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,chengming,"If you don't want Chinese players to play this game, please don't sell it to Chinese players.Purchasing this game only to find out that I am refused service to this game? That's just disgusting"
,Not Recommended,295110,22716699,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Nightman,"So difficult to group up, would be helpful to add a better grouping system / way to get to friends quickly."
,Recommended,295110,31649928,Posted: 9 May,all,lux,fun wh friends
,Recommended,295110,25501702,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Tony❤,Best survival game despite the bugs
,Not Recommended,295110,28897236,Posted: 1 January,all,Tonez,Disappointing that the devs are working on King of the Hill than Just Survive. Broken and cash grab. Only worth if you have friends playing.
76561198018106548,Not Recommended,295110,28898866,Posted: 1 January,all,Rainman,"Can anyone tell me how to launch the game?I cant launch the game and getting the following message.22:14:10: Starting BattlEye Service...22:14:14: Launching game...22:14:22: Note: File blocks can be ignored if they don't cause problems with the game.22:14:22: [INFO] Blocked loading of file:""/??/C:/Users/User/AppData/Local/Temp/bk2332.tmp/p1483094034am.sys""."
76561198333528853,Not Recommended,295110,31551456,Posted: 4 May,all,JN_SP,"Kind a boring....bugs anywhere,never can jump across a fuxxing wall,makes me high in anytime,damn good..."
76561198010069417,Not Recommended,295110,22976947,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,KnH ~ Kempa,"Ok, so I have now spent more than the manditory nine minutes trying to get this game to play. It doesn't."
76561198186617759,Not Recommended,295110,22959362,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,DeathsCousin,"Dont buy this game i got this and kotk for $20 and this game aint worth 20 at all. Gl trying to do anything. This game is a running simmuator and a bad one at that. Get the chinese heir own server so they can hack and ruin their own bs excuse for a survival game. Then fix the spawn points. What moron thought spawning and walking for miles before you get to a city was a good idea? News flash, it aint. If these updates dont happen soon you wont have a fan base."
76561198062315346,Not Recommended,295110,31105751,Posted: 12 April,all,Aragornbr777,"Game has way too many bugs, and devs are a joke. This game will never leave alpha phase, i really do not progress."
,Not Recommended,295110,31549293,Posted: 4 May,all,Manau Farmskins.com,"unless this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ dev team and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ daybreak stop being greedy cheaters wise...this game will die. Player unknown battleground already has twice the number of players online...and the game went live 2 months ago...On the just survive 3000 players online is a shame...this game has so much potential but daybreaks likes seeling cheats, banning accounts with said cheats and selling new accounts...being greedy will kill this game...do something about the cheating or lose the little fan players they have...every day you have less players....kotk players will play player unknown battlegroound....and JS players will go play rust..like me :) ....rly tired of cheaters gg on losing another player to rust!Cheers to Daybreak.Manau The Builder"
76561198079363698,Recommended,295110,14149091,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Its Haz,"Spawned next to a shackImmediatley started being chased by 3 guysRanCame across a stranger who saved me as I was a fresh spawnStayed with eachother for 5 minutes lootingAmbushed by another 2 guysHe took an arrow to the head for meTold me to runEscaped eventuallyYou saved my life sir, I will never forget you MagicalMolerat"
,Recommended,295110,14510946,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Selling acount,"Its a good game other then the fact the bears can run the map under a minute , fix  this♥♥♥♥♥♥ The AI is♥♥♥♥♥♥ The cars brake by bows in 1 hit and there are only US and EU servers"
76561197981683338,Recommended,295110,14511060,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,PaBstsmeaR,"Ran into a house saw a bear.  Hid inside bathroom, closed the door and waited.   2 mins later someone else comes in house screams ""OMG A BEAR!"" and ran away screaming.10/10 - would hide again"
,Recommended,295110,14131648,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Jundramao,I freaking love this game as for me it lags a little bit but i have a bad computer so i did a factory reset on this computer just so i could play this game a little better i love the game and its concept of survival and zombies and its a 1 of a kind some may say dayz is like it but in dayz he zombies are easy as ♥♥♥♥ and yoiu think less in that game this one every move you make may be the choice of life or death
76561198106468450,Recommended,295110,14151541,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Gay Background,NOT ENOUGH LOOT gg doe
,Recommended,295110,15215389,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Sgt Poultry,"As for a survival zombie game H1Z1 is pretty good, you can get into the crafting system without any knowledge and building a home doesn't require too much work. At least if you don't mind someone breaking into it. Additionally they have added a lot of zombies so they are actually a threat now. They also seem to have upped their hacking bans so less of that is good. If you are looking for something to play with friends then this is a good game to get, by yourself I would wait till it is finished and free."
76561198021487248,Recommended,295110,14506337,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,im_r3len7l3ss,not a bad game at all gets alot better with a grp would recommend to pass the time and like shooting zombies and players does have its up and downs like any other game but noone forces u to buy a game still not fully done and still being tested
,Recommended,295110,14508036,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Silky Elton John,"I have met some whacky characters in my time in H1Z1.Had dealing's with friend's who turned into enemies.Saving 2 people from a building surrounded by zombies.Been mowed over multiple times.Found an AR15 ontop of a filing cabnit in someones living room.And still, yet to aquire a bag and ammo.Good game, fun people. Don't mind most negative review's most are for when the game first came out."
76561198130516562,Recommended,295110,14132594,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,myker66,"Lots of fun. Still some work to be done with bugs and content, but it is early access. Happy to see they are banning hackers and they are patching everyone couple days. Cant wait to see this game grow and expand."
,Recommended,295110,14133050,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Yeeshak,"Take care: Early access gameAs usual, there will be bugs, there will be downtimes, there will be issues.The game has a huge potential and the devs are listening, via twitter and reddit. They fix problematic bugs within a day or two, they listen to the feedback about issues ect.I can only recommand this game. If you don't want to come across bugs or issues, wait until EA goes off.The reviews with the ""pay 2 win"" about air drops is a fake, the airdrops has been fixed since the first day of H1Z1, it's not P2W at all."
76561198120822747,Recommended,295110,14148668,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,baki,"i AM NEW TO PC GAMEING. GUESS WHAT?  H1Z1 IS THE FUNNIEST GAME I HAVE PLAYED IN A LONG TIME.  I CHASED AN AIR DROP IT BLEW UP RIGHT IN MY FACE. NEXT THING YOUKNOW THERE IS ZOMBIES AND SURVIVERS EVERYWHERE. I WAS TRYING TO DODGE FROM BEING BITTEN, BULLETS ARROWS AXE AND A COUPLE OF FIST. SCREW COD 12 VS 12. THEIR WAS LIKE 30 PEOPLE  TRYING TO MASASACRE EVERYBODY.  THERE IS MULTIPLY WAYS TO PLAY THIS GAME SO YOU IF YOU DONT LIKE IT. GET YOUR MONEY BACK AND SHUT THE HELL UP"
76561198035677116,Recommended,295110,14151936,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,PICKLE RICK,amazing game..... if you have a mic
76561198062251725,Recommended,295110,14439596,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,gufsimoes,This game is absolutely funny and nice to play!
,Recommended,295110,15259066,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Flow Effect,"I like it, its pretty fun. They updated the noclip, if they noclip through your base they can't get anything, unless they open the door."
76561198036652787,Recommended,295110,14132231,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Spooky Skeleton,i woke up in the middle of nowhere and spent 1 hourof  looking for any source of civilization i found a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ town with nothing in it and the teleporting zombie i found traces of other survivors in the form of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ huts and a camp fire  i found 2 cans of food and some wood planks i then tried to jump off a bridge and kill myself i soon found out i counldnt die what kind of cruel world is this i give it a 9/9.5 its okay-IGN review
76561198142218908,Recommended,295110,14149328,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Cunny Funt,"Would be a great game if the whole crate drop system was re-thought, as if compulsivley spending your hard earned wages on extra loot wasn't enough to make you doubt the game's motives, the crate then appears in an abundance of extremely loud noises, flashing lights, explosions, a butt load of zombies, and to top it all off a giant plume of bright green smoke, alerting every being in the vicinity of the crate's, and ultimately YOUR whereabouts and promptly ending with you being shot in the back, losing all your acquired gear, and wasting £4.00/$5.00. I'd give it a generous 8/10.In case you hadn't picked up on this point already, you probably shouldn't buy an airdrop ticket, or the more expensive version of the game, to avoid rage, and your time.I'd give it a generous 7/10."
,Recommended,295110,14507516,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,♦ MiXeM ♦,UPDATED 4/5/20157/10PROS :1. Fun2. Not Pay2Win3. Good graphics4. Funny moments5. Developers are doing good so farCONS :1. HACKERS2. HACKERS3. HACKERS4. HACKERS5. HACKERS7/10The game has changed alot since release but it still has many bugs.Also BattleRoyal is what keeps this game from not going any lower in its score.
76561197972806391,Recommended,295110,14131453,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,SilentEco,Fun.
76561198102539416,Recommended,295110,14134455,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Inori,"game is amazing so far, yes theres some bugs but overall, its good. devs listen to the player base and are patching quickly. fun to play with friends or alone, can give hours of play time and more.EDIT: After playing more, this game was well worth the $20, even if you cant find loot, killing zombies makes finding loot easier and fun, they reward players for killing zombies sometimes by either the zombie having gear that it picked up or by it dropping a worn letter that if you find the crate to it, will reward you with good loot.If you dont know how to use the worn letter, simply find where the letter leads you and put the worn letter inside the crate and wait about 10sec and the loot will spawn.EDIT #2:Ok, the only thing that makes this game boring is the loot system so far, they pushed out a patch to make it better but it still seems like you cant find anything, spent 6 hours trying to find a backpack and couldnt, but i did hear they are planning on adding another loot patch to fix the respawn rate."
,Recommended,295110,14134465,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,CMS,Nice game
76561198043799672,Recommended,295110,14134522,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Nick,Enjoyable
,Recommended,295110,14146418,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Frank,2 hard to get into a gamebut still quite nice.
76561198168516243,Recommended,295110,14147803,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,patrickstewart64,"I really do enjoy this game. I just hope that they change the ""Pay2win"" aspect of the game. I wouldn't mind buying an airdrop every now and again, but I really don't want to have to rely off of them to survive best."
,Recommended,295110,14148031,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Lights Out,"This game is great and it helps that there are updates every few days! This game is great but it needs the following:-More Zombies!!!!! (this is a zombie survival game and sometimes i can run for like 10 minutes without finding ANY zombies and then when i do find on, it is only one and it is easy to take out)-More loot (i have played for about 7 hours and have hardly found anything!"
76561198149009330,Recommended,295110,14149739,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,HeXaFLY,i cant evan play it
,Recommended,295110,14435159,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Azden,"A very awesome Early Access game. And to answer a few seemingly important questions:Are there PvE servers? - YES! Yay! Although at this moment they are boring because there is not really much to do.Well then, what is there to do on PvE servers? - Well, Me and my brother like to scavenge for supplies, find weapons (I am still trying to find a .308 hunting rifle), building structures (kind of like RUST), and just explore. Oh and someday find a vehicle. Hunting is also possible too but my god do the deer ever know how to run.Is the game stable? - Not really. So far I have CTD (Crashed To Desktop) 2 times on my first day of playing. As well as somehow the weapons get confused and you either can't a) Aim, b) attack, or c) Aim or attack. I do not know why or how to bring it on (seemed to happen more often with the Wood Spear). Oh and I also fell through the world while standing idle next to a boulder. Well to be fair on my brothers screen I fell, on mine I got sent flying in the air. Thankfully I spawned next to the corpse (Well, 30 seconds from it) whereas when my brother died he literally spawned on the opposite corner of the map. WHICH IS HUUUUUGE! This however brings me to a very, very sad point about H1Z1. Currently (and they are hopefully being added or I'll just simply stop playing), there are no player made spawnpoints. Such as a good 'ol sleeping bag in most if not all survival games out there? Yeah doesn't exist. YET. Hopefully.Is it fun? - Yes. Most definitely. It may have some crashes and some extremely dumb and idiotic griefers (anybody can be an asshat and place, say, a furnace in front of your door to your shed so you can't get in or out. Or as a few other people have reviewed, their entire solo fortress of doom. There is no text chat either, atleast not on the server I play. Which is very game breaking for an MMO. So my and my brother use the F1 keys to do random emotes to kind of talk to people that have mics. And for the love of god run from people that are crazy about Swizzles. Do NOT make the mistake of being in the wrong place at the wrong time. They get a little crazy about their swizzles.Overall it is a very interesting game. It feels very good and plays well. There are some bugs out there, angry ones and funny ones, and this game would be boring alone unless maybe you enjoy PKing people on a PvP server from the bushes. There are a few doorways I wanted to hide behind.And now onto a random funny moment I had:Yeah I severely stay clear of  bears now as you cannot outrun them it seems. It was VERY funny, and yet a little sad. Me and my brother were scavenging an office building in Pleasant Valley when we hear out of nowhere on mic ""OMG HELP THERE IS A MO****F***ING BEAR!!!"", we went to the window and I shot at it acouple times with my .45 cal pistol but could not shoot it in time and it chased the player into another building. Well me and my brother wanting to help went down and got outside, just in time to see the bear casually walking out of the building. Alone. I shot it with my pistol in the head and it dropped dead. We went inside the building to check on the player expecting them dead, and yes, there was a loot bag on the floor of the building. Poor poor player. We tried. We also camped the loot for a while incase he spawned somewhat near, to help them get their stuff back. Minus food expenses of course for standing there. Alas, they never showed.Anyways that is all! Overall, great Early Access game and looking forward to full release!"
,Recommended,295110,14440006,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Chrono Brother,"THIS GAME IS AWESOME!!! Went to scavange a city for supplies and my two groupies got killed. Killed one of the assassins with my pistol then took the AR off my friends corpse. Proceeded to kill 4 other of their gang and walked out of the city like a badass. Insane how quick this game goes from ""Oh look a water bottle"" to ""SHOOT HIM IN THE FACE!!!"""
76561198097111316,Recommended,295110,14506677,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,SgtSquirrel,very fun :)
76561197979267151,Recommended,295110,14507737,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Iveve,"The game did start off with issues but its good to see they have been on top of the issues and making sure their fixed asap. Since getting it I have not stopped, its been much fun except for the people who shoot first and ask questions later :pStill, for an Early Access at £14.99 its worth it compaired to the others in same stage yet costing more.8/10"
76561198210028692,Recommended,295110,14509219,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,XI0N,"Game is really good!!! Fun to play...only thing i hate is there is no map in game...so hard to find friends and truley pinpoint your location (besides road maps), but over all its really good for a  alpha!!"
,Recommended,295110,14510815,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Blaze_E6,"great game, need someone to protect me 10/10"
76561197964381165,Recommended,295110,14512964,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,FinalBoss,fun game but lots of hackers makes it ♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198051372326,Recommended,295110,15255102,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,MartinFallon213,"So, I have played this for a few hours now. Its really a great game and I know there is many things in the works to be fixed.The regular survival game: I like it , it is not too hard to survive, for the most part with lots of food to be found and the crafting is awesome and fun to discover new items, I have barely scratched the surface there. I would like to see ammo alittle more available, maybe your shooting for scarcity, but come on. (See what I did there)The Meat, Battle Royale: so much potential or ideas to make it even more fun.1st, maybe add more time before toxic gas makes u run 20 miles and an open target while doing so because your so anxious to get to that sacred holy spot of a circle of doom.Maybe this should have been first but in the words of Die Antword, stop the ""inbred fk fest"" of battle royale lobby. There is so many folks talking so much smack and childish crap, its redonkulas, not to mention my PC cant hardly handle that mess it seems. Think about scrapping all the stuff taking space in your inventory, that 99% of folks pitch out while in said fk fest lobby. No one has time to use binoculars, and dang sure not a flashlight or flare. But kudos for a quik exit, what ev you do on that server its pretty damn fast. What about future BR servers that are no fire arms, or just go ahead and start folks off with a load out? No sniper rifles, wtf? That would be too fun, course until the message pops for toxic cloud, holy cow I have to run across the map, ding head shot!!!! :) Could even make it into a true Hunger games kinda thing, but over all that BR is quite fun, It just seems that the circle happens so quik. I also get a glitch where until I fire my weapon the first time, it wont shoulder aim, where I can see down the reticle.Overall I do highly reccomend this game, especially for $20, it is worth every bit of that. It runs so much smoother than DayZ, even on higher settings. Many hours of fun in the future here. Someone told me there iare cars in BR? Lol, I have never seen one except the one running me over. Haha.Yes tho, buy it, show support, you devs have a done a good job here.MF"
,Recommended,295110,14150109,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Elderskorm13,"I had to come back to the review panel just for this. For all complaining about soe releasing the ""pay to win"" airdrops. If you've been following the devs and this project then you're going to know that the airdrop system has been talked about since early last year.  The devs stated that a hunger games scenerio didn't feel to them like ptw.http://www.vg247.com/2014/08/16/h1z1-pc-ps4-gamescom-soe-live/for anyone curious the link is here. You can also check out totalbiscuit h1z1 review and he will explain in further detail. Bottom line if you bought this game you knew it was early access. Deal with that or i don't know what to tell you.  Don't get me wrong i think paying for early access is a bit bonkers. But i'm enjoying my time bugs and all because i expected them. And if reading this hasn't been enough i want you to log onto a server with a high population and just wait for the airdrop and watch the hilarity. That's all for now."
,Recommended,295110,14508563,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,The_Shooter17,"Very Fun once you find a nice secluded townBut when u first get started prepare for Walking Simulater 2015 and all the while not knowing what to do and then the other players comeThere are either mobs of people that kill anyone thats not in their ""Clan"" or that one guy that could be a noob like you or act like a noob and pull a comabt knife and shank you to death (happened before)Dont even bother to scavenge wrecked cars, 99% of them have already been looted and the rest probably only have a pair of binocolursYour best chance is to find a nice seculed area or a workshop table, find some tools chop down tress and make a shack and hope nobody finds you during this long process, also fiending off zombies in the process"
76561198075735459,Recommended,295110,15258482,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,mikki1,Fun and good game :D
76561198029834142,Recommended,295110,15217818,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,trixsterjl,"H1Z1 can but thumbs up or down depending on you.Three ways to play:1. PvE persistant Survival MMO2. PvP persistant Survival MMO3. Battle Royal (200 enter, there can be only 1 winner)1. PvE - IMO a big Thumbs down.- Too few zombies to be interesting.- If you die in this version it is because:a. you haven't learned how to eat or drink yet.b. a bear snuck up on you while you weren't watch(those thing are beastial just run)- The crafting just isnt' interesting enough to make this game rewarding. After a few hours you will be bored out of your skull. The only reason I can see to use this version is to learn the game in a safe environment before you dive into PvP.2. PvP (mmo) - mild thumbs up or big thumbs down- Too few zombies.- Very hostile players. You will rarely meet a player that has a weapon that doesn't try to kill you. Making getting going very challenging.- The crafting is blah but they keep updating it.- There is no way to bind a spawn point. They just last patch added a map to your basic spawn loadout. Big plus but often you have to run for an hour to get back to your stash house.Basicly if you want a very challenging persistant FP shooter that you can coop with friend and just really♥♥♥♥♥♥off a bunch of people daily this is for you. I kind of enjoy the fact that I always feel like i'm about to get ganked and have to pay attention when i'm logged in. I like being able to set up a stash house and craft gear. The changes are comming fairly regularly because this is a Sony product and will be port to PS3/4 after it goes gold. So this game will not die out in the immediate future.3. Battle Royalethis is where the game shines if you like FP shoots.- Huge Map- 200 drop in at random spots and scramble for gear. Hunger games style. Get armed or get dead.- alliance are formed and broken.- The map gets smaller and smaller by a circle of zombies (gas) that close in starting about 10 mins in. eventually a very small circle is left and the last battles are force and a winner emerges.If you are a shooter fan this is pretty good:a. cars.b. Built in area VOIP ( you can talk to anyone close by)c. matches resonably quick for the size of the map. Really quick if you land near others and aren't the top dog.So ya there you have it. Lots of ways to get some play out of this game. If you cant stand FP shoots i'd probably stay away from this. I dont love them but enjoy this game. I'm really really bad at the Battle royale though. LOL.Oh and not the be racist but if you decide to play dont thust the Asain guy saying ""friendly, friendly""... they are about to kill you and take your stuff."
,Recommended,295110,15257960,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,AFK FOR A MONT (GETTING NEW PC),"IDK how it is it wont let me play it, it says imput not supported when i try to play it, but I still recomend it from watching it in streams"
76561198118731276,Recommended,295110,15234816,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,The Studge,had a bit of trouble getting the game to launch after that and i got playing the game i found that its alot like day z but alot more polished there is alot of KOS but if you can get through it and you like dayz then this is for you unlike dayz there is lots of cars and providing you get the parts you will be driving in no time.    THUMBS UP
76561198175674339,Recommended,295110,15215292,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,oDxy,i cant play it it has the loading screen then says Launchpad was unable to connect please try again later
76561198089506606,Recommended,295110,15231290,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Taranis,Can't wait until the virus is introduced.
76561198183402007,Recommended,295110,15263153,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,ash2646211,Was taken hostage by 4 people and transported via police car.to a lake where i was told to stand and look out to the waterthen i was shot in the back of the head10/10would get shot in the back of the head again.
76561198227385796,Recommended,295110,16907601,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Maddog,"good game with a good format, still has a long way to go to get better.   They need to upgrade commands, there is more PVP killing than actual Zombies."
76561198138648670,Recommended,295110,15216539,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,B0ring°,not bad but full of cheaters
76561198175201729,Recommended,295110,15263548,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Rick.marks84,"Great game, having fun with the crafting and survival. not liking the kos! everytime i see someone its kos then i have to spend hours finding a backpack again."
,Recommended,295110,15216885,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Lil Mayo,Spend 7 years waiting to load into a battle royale game just to end up dying in 5 minutes. 10 of my hours played are trying to end the task after my game crashed. 10/10 developed aids over the loading periods.
,Recommended,295110,15255018,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Loki,Everyone is complaining about hackers.  There is a way to prevent from running into hackers:A. Don't join the highest pop server clearly there will be hackersB. Don't go to densly populated area's in the map like Pleasent valley and if you do keep it brief.And even after all that the hackers are still being banned actively while you are playing...........So who gives a ♥♥♥♥ they're aleast working on it. Also if the whole community didn't hack it wouldn't cause any ♥♥♥♥ing problems now would it?
76561198076703318,Recommended,295110,15209297,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Halal Bacon,Sony should buy it back.  Gamebreak is pretty good at breaking games.  It used to be good.  Now its ok.  Barely recommend.  16/27Edit: Its better now.  Still some lag.  31/49
,Recommended,295110,15209694,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Gamateku,"Great, simple, fun."
76561198134656590,Recommended,295110,14119259,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,rgslick,This game is really good for an early access game. base building is still a little glitchy but not no bad. the gun play is great and the graphics are phenomenal.
,Recommended,295110,14151863,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,goku,good game just a few bugs to fix but overall i like
76561198036447643,Recommended,295110,14629724,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,CelticScorp,"Should you buy or not ? :) This is the main question right ? Ive researched this game so much and im certain that my 20 euro was well spent. Cutting to the chase yes buy it, because even in alpha...early access....or whatever it is youve heard about pay to win.... I can assure you it really isnt... NO ONE.... can stay alive long enough to benefit from an airdrop and thats even if you manage to get it because people out there will step over their own mothers body to get that airdrop from you only for them to die 10 minutes later from a rifle shot from long range or a guy shouting ""Friendly!"" and blasting him the minute he blinks. Hahah look its really fun you will die ALOT but theres a thing about this game that keeps you coming back for more because its just THAT easy to get back what youve lost. The tides can change for anyone whether youve got a group of friends or your lone wolfing it (my style) Support the devs they've got something good here. - From a zombie survivalist fan"
76561198053704499,Recommended,295110,14121527,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,kinkykiwe -IWL-,this game is really fun and you can get really into it when you find some randoms and attack other groups
,Recommended,295110,14150084,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,PsychedSE - Sleeping DND,I recommend this for players that have patience for alpha and game breaking features (bugs) =)Dont complain if you have bought it and didnt understand what you bought.
76561198015079437,Recommended,295110,14119093,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,sean,"For me, this unfinished game is already about 100 times more entertaining to play than DayZ. There's more people in H1Z1, in my experience, and there seems to be a lot less 'boom' some sniper you never saw just one-shotted you. Yeah you'll get ganked in H1Z1, but often the ganking will involve some confused melee inside a ruined home. You usually get a chance to see and strike back on your attacker in H1Z1, or run away.The crafting simply blows away DayZ.And the airdrop thing.... To me it's no big deal. A headshot with a makeshift bow will drop a guy with an AR-15 just as it will anyone. A person who spends real money for weapons in this game is nuts or rich. It's just too easy to get killed if you stumble into a bad situation, and then your fancy weapons will be the property of your killers.Anyway, really enjoying this game so far and looking forward to how it develops."
76561198071137957,Not Recommended,295110,21495163,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Lex,"For some reason the game starts in 4k resolution while my monitor is 1080p, and the scaling is all ♥♥♥♥ed up. Everytime i try to do the slightest change the game crashes.Haven't even managed to enter the game. Won't even try. 2/10"
,Not Recommended,295110,29953561,Posted: 15 February,all,Heroshima,"This game including h1z1: Kotk is one of the worst franchises out there! do NOT buy this game you will regret it, the just survive part hasnt been updated to now days aka for like a year, Kotk's hit reg hasnt been fixed since daybreak games bought the company h1z1 from sony. Daybreak games is a group of young people who dont know anything about video games and they look at reviews of the game and will be like, ok will look forward or some stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥ no Daybreak doesnt fix things that the community asks for, they delay fixing it for years and still to the day have not fixed the main issues. CHINA yep chinese people all on american servers lagging around you cant hit them even when there standing still.♥♥♥♥♥♥game dont buy worst waste of $400 in my entire life.(obviously i didnt spend 400 on the game itself but the skins) DO NOT SUPPORT THESE ♥♥♥♥S. ALL daybreak games cares about is the money do not invest in them, you will be ♥♥♥♥ed."
,Recommended,295110,14629082,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,=ADK= HammerCannon,"An excellent game.  Remember when you read EVERY NEGATIVE REVIEW...This game is an early access.  If it didn't have it's quirks it wouldn't be early access.   If you can wrap your head around that, it's worth every penny and more."
,Recommended,295110,14628772,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Braxton,"Pretty sexy for alpha, Battle Royale lots of fun."
76561198177179043,Recommended,295110,14629341,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,ny,"gotta love it,meet random guy at spawn ask him for a fist fightbecome leader of fight club10/10 would become fight club leader again"
,Recommended,295110,14615881,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Bot24x,At least zombies don't go through walls
76561198177749087,Recommended,295110,14506906,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Bad_Ass_Freaker,It's ok so far just dont like how you lose all items after you create them when you die kinda pointless too me if this where to be fixed or at least add a bank to your players to deposit items I don't think i would be playing this much longer until something is done too this part I dont like to recreate things that take forever to get stuff for for one idk.
76561198043781804,Recommended,295110,14507130,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Rick O'Shea,"After playing PVE server to get a feel for the game I logged into PVP server.  New character and have nothing.  Looking around a find a small walled in campsite with well, cars, rifle, all kinds of goodies......but no back pack.  Make a long trek into Pleasantville and finally find a backpack and 2 .308 bullets plus some food.  On the way back to gather all the good stuff I found I see 3 guys at another camp.  Must be from the really cool fort built next to a building I passed.  I swing wide of their position and get shot long range, bleeding, I run back to the campsite, grab the rifle, hide in a shed and heal myself. Soon the 3 of them wearing motorcycle helmets show up.  I peek out, shoot one in the head and hide.  Peek out again, see them hiding behind the wall with their back to me, shoot second in the head and hide.....out of bullets!  Draw my makeshift bow, peek out and shoot the third in the back and hide.  When I came out the last guy had gone, probably logged out.  Now I have even more stuff and no place to put it.  Will have to play again and get more stuff!!!!!!"
,Recommended,295110,14510573,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Surprised Roan,"Spawned into the game, saw a bunch of people in a town. Ran into town and beat people up. Found a spear, charged three people and attacked, killed one, then took 3 arrows to the knee and a bullet to the face and I died. Meet a guy, decide not to murder him. Find a new guy, the new guy murders the guy I just met after chasing him in a circle with a hammer sayin ""Get over here buddy"" and the other guy saying ""Your voice makes you sound like a ***** "" Overall would be a witness to people getting murdered again."
76561198139591242,Recommended,295110,14148137,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Plottie,I wish that this game would be more diverse it feels very narrow minded i feel as though there is very few different selection of items to gather.
76561197977505262,Recommended,295110,14145710,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Intermarium (PL),"My first encounter in game :He said :- "" im friendly Im friendly !! ""  , running at me as Im fresh spawned with bare hands ...Me : Hello ! ...you are dead .And 3 times a row like that ."
76561198085570133,Recommended,295110,14138651,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,kayleb19852009,the only thing at the moment that i think would need to be fixed as soon as possible is the text based chat it would be anoying for those who wish to comunicate in bame but dont have a microphone  apart from that i would recomend this game to anyone who plays zombie/survival games
,Recommended,295110,14143439,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,.Jakebeatb1,"H1Z1 Is by far the best zombie survival game out there at the moment, yh its hard to finde food and suplys but its still fun, what i have noticed with this game is that compaired to the arma 2 mod and dayz standalone, h1z1 runs smoother and the grathics are more clear. i would recomend this game to anyone because if you interested in zombie survival you should definatly try this out."
76561198085581962,Recommended,295110,14146061,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,♚ROXIZ✪,the game is nice but the loot is so rare! the best i have fund is.308 rounds but no gun:( and when i hit a zombi it gose to the ground and sliding twards and hit me that is a bad thing.
,Recommended,295110,14506643,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Zeus,10/10 Melee Weapons are better then guns
,Recommended,295110,14507688,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,justin lol,humans- no problemzombies- no problembears- RUN!!!!
76561198078502606,Recommended,295110,14508657,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Sushi,This is an awesome game!!! forget about pay2win...find some (or make some) friend and start owning :D
,Not Recommended,295110,21364119,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Emperor Ambigious,worst game evet
,Not Recommended,295110,21366343,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,iNSiPiD1 /twitch/,"Splitting H1Z1 into two games was one of the worst decisions I have ever seen a company make.  If you wanted more money, you should have just upped the price to $40.Instead you have two ""different"" games, both of which have crappy names.H1Z1: Just Survive is one of the most uninspiring names I have ever heard in my life. A more fitting name would be H1Z1: Kill on Sight or H1Z1: Survival of the Hackers.You have made a joke of your game, your company, and your reputation. What a shame."
76561198093408580,Not Recommended,295110,21367422,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Lunar,"Horrible communtiy, too much RDM, Shelters built over buildings and drops, and horrible developers"
,Not Recommended,295110,21367787,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Dick-Institute Master Bater,w
,Not Recommended,295110,21369877,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Seatonbog,DO NOT GET it will not let me go on it i have left it because i knew the game was splitting into 2 i thought it would improve but its still the same
,Not Recommended,295110,21370352,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,chippledipple,justno
,Not Recommended,295110,21371148,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Chris,"Developers seem to focus more on grabbing as much money out of this game as possible rather than actually fixing the bugs that have been around since the game was released over a year ago. King of the hill is a little fun, if you can get over all the bugs and issues with the game, still wouldn't recommend."
,Not Recommended,295110,21371528,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Řöjø,don't  buy  this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ -_--Open  the  game- join   server- wait 1Hwtf  ....  1 hour  maybe  you  can  get play  -_-
,Not Recommended,295110,21373133,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Coughing guy,It was a good game before they split it in half. DO NOT BUY
,Not Recommended,295110,21379088,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,[F4Z3] MusicallyMaker,guys dont download this one this one is the♥♥♥♥♥♥one king of the kill has the battle royale
,Not Recommended,295110,21379263,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Dip,Eat♥♥♥♥♥
76561198027856199,Not Recommended,295110,21379323,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Yo Solo,"This game totally sucks.  Too many trolls and too many exploits.  You spend hours gathering resources, and you have no means of protection.  I deleted this game from my computer.  I wish I could delete it from my list altogether."
,Not Recommended,295110,21381128,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,D-Swazzle,"They made the bad part of H1Z1 its own game! Maybe eventually it will get good! Not worth anyone's time as-is, especially since they gave up on it ever going F2P.To summarize:-Zombies that pose no real threat-Crafting that is more shallow and less useful than Rust, Minecraft, etc.-You will search entire blocks of untouched suburbs with hundreds of containers on an empty server and come away with three cans of beans and one bullet and non-matching gun-The wonkiest vehicles since Battlefield 1942-Almost equally wonky shooting, grenades, anything gameplay-related, really-Even the griefing is much lamer than DayZ-MICROTRANSACTIONSSlightly more in-depth:If they don't start updating it frequently and with more than minor bug fixes, this portion of the game will die a slow, sad death. Splitting the original H1Z1 up means the dev team has no more excuses to not make this game more interesting. There is less variety than just about every other survival MMO (DayZ and Rust come to mind). There are few melee weapons and fewer guns. The Zombies are never an actual threat and glitch out constantly. Bullets for weapons are nearly impossible to find outside of the largest town, Pleasant Valley. The only way to reliably arm yourself is to microtransaction Airdrop tickets(only 3-4 cents each, but still), which spawn a crate that may end up just containing crafting materials. These crates also contain zombies, so you need to already have the ability to kill 6-10 before some other player shows up and steals the crafting materials you just paid real human money for. So many odd design decisions, most of them bad.H1Z1: King of the Kill is a good idea (albeit stolen from an Arma 3 mod) bogged down by many of the elements mentioned here, specifically the wonky shooting. I suggest watching people play it on twitch and making your own informed decision about it. I would very much stay away from this game until it leaves early access, which is depressingly not even on Daybreak's radar."
,Not Recommended,295110,21391172,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,✪ i  w  n  i,"Lol. Don't buy this trash. Dev's ♥♥♥♥ed this game up so hard. Full of micro transation ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, and kak gameplay. SAVE YOURSELF"
76561198026349698,Not Recommended,295110,21396727,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,rstreaper,cash grab i purchased the early access and now the game split up into different versions and they want you to pay again what a load of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t for a game that's supposed to be f2p when launched anyway. Do not even waste your time with this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game
,Not Recommended,295110,21397461,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Rock and Mort,"♥♥♥♥ the devs of this game, the greedy ♥♥♥♥s split the game modes into 2 SEPERATE GAMES cuz they wanted to make some extra bucks and you cant play one without owning the other either. 1/10 would not recommend"
76561198021050825,Not Recommended,295110,21399228,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,lonely turret :(     :,Check out my other review for more information on this negative review. The fact that i have to do that is kinda the reason for the said review and this one. I dont know how anyone could have thought this was the best decision? Well i sure im reacting to this terrible act by daybreak hopefully  neither of us gets sued
76561198061138127,Not Recommended,295110,21399287,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Spaghettioz,"Survival:Exploiters have taken over all the good points and control all the ammo sources for the most part.  So, when you spawn in game you start with nothing and half the good spots to get gear are blocked off by exploiters who then shoot you dead with the best weps and armor in the game, while you got a crappy bow to build off the bat if you can get a stick and cloth strip :PRandom loot spawns are few and FAR in between, and given the exploiters blocking off a lot of good spaces, farming gear from the rest of the map, and the rest of the new toons looking for whats left, you often spend hours with almost nothing to show for it.Not worth it.  If I could get my money back for this half of the game, I would.Graphics are excellent, the ambiance is good, GIGANTIC map, theres the occasional zombies, bears and dogs to cause you proper scary grief.  But its the ability for advanced players to cut large part of the map off and then farm new guys for kills, and little chance for new guys to get geared, that kill what could be a great game.KOTK is where you should spend your time.  Enormous fun even though you die horribly a lot xDStill, even for both sides of this games, it started off as FTP, and now you have to pay 20 each for a game that frankly at the least has one half of it sucking badly.  No more survival for me.  Uninstalled tonight.I dont know what the cheats are in this game, but I am hearing A LOT about it from experienced players."
,Not Recommended,295110,21403465,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Scuben,"money grab, devs will never release the full game."
,Not Recommended,295110,21364000,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Jawns,"The devs failed on this one, game has potential but since they separated ""King of the hill"" and ""Just survive"" to earn more money i feel like they failed their playerbase."
