user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,295550,11497610,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Tamedbeast,"Okay, let me start by saying, the whole look and feel is wonderful..My only problem with this game is that its a point and click, which i rather hate for these types of games furture more they do not give you the option to change controls to WASD like most logical minded games would. When you first get into the game the first thing they do is try to get your money... and when i say try to.. they TRY TO.. all these screens pop up to buy premium and then shows you the item shop next, this is before you have even got started on the game. So.. of course i took a look though the store, and this is all Pay 2 Win, meaning..There is no balance for Paid vs. Free players. I understand the whole idea of these Free 2 Play games, but this game is clearly just out for your money. Its not like other games that have great balance like LOL, Dota, CSGO, Neverwinter.. ect ect.. Don't get me wrong some people like Pay 2 Win, but what sets this apart from others is their dire need to lure you in before you even get started in the game and this to me just screams desperation.Your next question probably is going to ask is this a turnbased game, my answer to that is yes and no.. its semi turnbased due to the controls, its def not hack and slash as most would generally expect.The eye view on this game is also terrible.. really terribe, i would suggest not getting this game till its 100% free and not pay for anything till you have tried it out for yourself. Some people like point and clicks, some people like terrible views, some people like Pay 2 Win, but since this is my review i dont.At this time i do not recommend this game. I will continue to watch for updates and see if they make any changes to controls then ill give it a shot again, for now.. NO"
,Recommended,295550,12256673,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,CoporateFatCat,"For all those calling this P2W you need to quit reviewing F2P games, you have no clue how F2P works. Every MMO F2P game has microtransactions. Someone has to pay for server upkeep and development, in short no F2P MMO will ever be truly free.The upper hand Royal Quest has over it's competitors is that over 95% of what can be bought with cash can also be sold in the in game market for gold. Collecting gold in game is also very easy for players who do not want to pay any cash into the game. Even the cash shop currency can be sold. So it gives no advantage to any players that prefer to buy cash shop items.This is actually a great game and THE MOST BALANCED F2P with cash shop items I have ever played and I have played them all, literally. I am sick of the all the♥♥♥♥♥♥poor reviews of games by players who don't have enough knowledge into said game to give it an factual review.So let's clear up some of these misconceptions already put out there for this particular game:1. Bag space. Your bag upon starting is split into 5 sections with 14 spaces each, that is 70 slots total. I've played plenty of ""F2P"" MMORPG's with less.2. There is no forced PVP Zones. You can choose to follow your open world quests and grind or you can join the sandbox PVP zone for boosted EXP points.3. EVERYTHING except the market currency can be bought at different NPC's, INCLUDING CASH SHOP ITEMS AND MOUNTS FOR IN GAME CURRENCY! One of the best mounts in the game cannot even be bought, it has to be unlocked with quest items. You don't have to buy these items just from players. Cash shop currency can be bought through the auction house . And they have included a maximum/minimum cap on how much a player can charge for cash shop currency. This is to fight gold farming companies. IN WHICH CASE NO OTHER ""F2P"" game has ever initiated a limiting system like this and has actually done very well for this game. You won't ever go into town seeing shouts of ""Golds 200k=9.00 US @royalquestgolds.com""or some garbage along those lines.4. You don't have to pay anything to get in as some other review has mentioned.5. Another reviewer had mentioned getting constantly killed by another player with OP cash shop gear. You cannot buy gear in the cash shop for this game. You cannot buy the ingredients in the cash shop to craft gear. This RPG much like every other RPG is heavily character build based. I haven't purchased **** since I first started playing and was already dropping characters 10 levels higher in the PVP zone in the most basic gear I could pick up. Also in which case PVP zones are limited by levels also so no getting into battles at level 13 with level 47 characters. PVP Zones are level designated & only allow a 10 level difference.6. Now with the newest update all classes are about balanced in PVP. The crusader for a time there was a tad bit horrible but the new update has fixed that.7. No kill stealing, no powerleveling. Everyone who hits an enemy will gain their proper share of exp from it. Even if you are not partied with that/those other person/people. However who ever does the most total damage will get the loot. All characters in a party with the exception of PVP zones, since parties can get split up in the zone, must hit the targets to get exp from it. No letting another character stand aside gaining EXP while a higher level character decimates the battlefield. Each person must attack to get their exp share. Again another way to combat gold farms & their services. In the PVP zones however, you will get exp from ally kills no matter where you are and the total end exp when you leave the zone is what you truly get, it is not split up dismally between the party when you leave. What you see is what you  get.8. All mobs that can aggro will be aggro'd. A system in Royal Quest needed in most MMORPG's to eliminate people's needs for vacuum hacking. If you run past 20 aggro set monsters in Royal Quest you will pull 20 aggro set monsters. At that point it's fight or flight. Which can make for some interesting save-your-***-moments. Had another character try &  run past me pulling roughly 10 monsters, he ended up dying right next to me and in an instant they were set on me.9. There is no such thing as junk in Royal Quest. Everything you pick up can and will be used for crafting something or commission(repeatable) quests which give Exp/gold/items sometimes all 3 and a few of them give a cash shop item. Even not so great gear can be broken down for crafting materials. Which makes making money in the game so easy. There is always somebody looking for what you have. And as I had mentioned earler more than 95% of cash shop items are sellable in the market. There really is no upper hand for cash users, unless you think that NO bonus stat costume is giving the player at the controls an ego boost...(At this time there are only 4 total pieces of costumes/pets/decorations that give bonus stats, which are horrible compared to the stats you can get from crafting normally).10. Fair level up system for those of us who work. Your character gains 2x exp points when you are offline resting. The exp amount is dependant on your character level. Fetch, kill and collect quests are pretty fair in ratio at each level. So for collect quests which take the most time you can grind for a little bit, collect the money then buy the necessary collection items in the market/auction house.It is your standard point & click, press skill button, type of game. Lightweight on processor and graphic usage. For those that prefer WASD movement like myself...as someone else had mentioned, the point and click system absolutely sucks. Because of this, I would compare this game to a cross between point & click ease of Diablo, skill system of Dekaron, and speed of Dragon Nest (When you get into higher levels of course). Some AoE's have a targeting system similiar to that of Wildstar. Camera movement is very Diablo-esque, which can also be annoying sometimes. This game could also use a better guide on how to obtain certain types of currency in game for specific NPC's, and NO, none of this special currency cannot be bought in the cash shop.HOWEVER, ONE WARNING: This game has been in open beta for over 2 years now(Yeah, I know that is rather ridcilulous.). So be prepared for major changes that could be postive or negative.Update as of 07-24-16I can no longer recommend this game due to it's unchanged model & extremely slow updates I have moved on to Eloa (Hosted by Webzen), Devilian (Hosted by Trion), & HeroWarZ (Hosted by Kog Games). These 3 games are much better 2.5D games.Eloa being the most similiar to RQ but with much more content and much less push for Cash Shop items. Also Eloa uses a unique ""Stance"" system that allows certain skills & weapons in certain stances for each class. As well as your pets help combat enemies in the realm. Even better WSAD or Click to move are options. Sadly this is not a suite (Steam, Arc, Origin, Aeria Ignite) game, so the population is not great at this point."
76561197972446573,Not Recommended,295550,16352891,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Azrell,"kind of addicting until you get past level 20 and start going into pvp zones... or rather they are regular zones that you need to get crafting mats from where people can kill you. So most pvp is just people griefing crafters.  Also very p2w after level 20.If your going to play this game, just get to level 20 sell your gear and send everything to the next character you want to play and so on."
,Not Recommended,295550,18683069,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Lumine,"I thought i would like this game, as my girlfriend talked wonders about it. and it looked promising, but theres a few things that spoke out ot me after a few days of playing it.Its a classic ""Pay2Win"" MMORPG like Forsaken World or PerfectWorld.now that wouldnt bother me as much, if it didnt have a huge payment wall right at level 20 when you have to pick a subclass. I was a warrior, and i wanted to be a Dark Knight. There were 2 options to become one. 1. i could kill a room full of mobs and then kill the ""Horrid Beast"" or i could go grind for a few hours, collecting 65 peices of grass. I picked the faster, and obvious, Horrid Beast line. So i clean out the room rather easily and then get ready for the beast. well the beast killed me and i respawned. so i started strategizing and saw that potions heal instantly and i can be in combat, so i get the 100% health potion and i bought a very expensive Energy restoration potion from the market and try again.. and again... and again.. because no matter how many times you try, you cannot kill this monster. I had the best gear i could get, i spent hours grinding levels and weapons and i even bought the Welcome Pack.Not to mention the countless payment walls i noticed. Bag space is limited to about 15 slots, you can extend your bag if you pay with ""Reals"" which are the premium currency. theres a premium shop full of gear and stuff you could buy, not to mention the other 2 ""Dlc"" items that add gear and stuff to your account. If you want anything in this game, you have to buy it.*EDIT*So ive been getting comments (Like Kez1304, stating that since i had 2 options of getting an objective done that its not ""pay to win"". first off, thats completely and utterly false. its a paywall, a very classic example of a paywall. And on top of that, he said that i didnt spend a dime on the game, so let me clarify.), which i have deleted because steam does not allow comment replies, and most people are spineless and dont allow comments on their profile. I had bought 2/3 DLC packs, which gave me a very powerful edge on the gameplay. Potions, armor, weapons, items, mounts.. all in one pack. On top of that, most items in game cost gold, which is really hard to grind........ unless you buy it with the premium currency."
76561197978939567,Recommended,295550,14370869,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,PerfectMsAdventure,"The graphics and animation in this game are extremely fluid and beautiful. The art design and monster models are often very creative. I'm enjoying this game more than I thought I would. I also really enjoy the isometric top-down view. Otherwise it is pretty standard fantasy RPG fare. But I like that just fine.Also, the F2P features aren't so bad. You can buy the store currency with the in-game gold you earn by playing. I haven't found that there is too much the pay store offers that you can't do without anyway. The mounts are a bit overly costly to maintain, but aren't all that much faster than walking anyway. Bag storage is a pain, and too expensive to expand much, but stores are abundently available for shedding a filled up inventory. I'm not finding it too bothersome ...yet.I recommend giving the game a try. If it's not for you, so be it. You have spent nothing."
,Recommended,295550,14197609,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,💠 Princess,"So I rarely do serious reviews, but I do love this game enough to want a good review to be seen.First things first; this game is NOT pay to win, in ANY way.Everything in the game, yes, EVERYTHING, can be purchased with gold. If somoene buys an item with real money, they can sell it for in game gold, and people frequently do.  This is one of the best systems of any free to play ive ever seen.  If you dont feel like spending 5$ to get a ""real money"" item, just wait til someone else buys it and sells it.  You can just get enough in game gold to buy it off them when you want!I could continue, going on and on about the game in paragraph form, but ill simply list the Pros and Cons.PROS:- Fantastic Music- Responsive/noncomplicated UI- Veried Environments and Enemies- Varied Missions and mission rewards- Tons of weapons, hats, shirts, pants, shoes, etc; all with unique stats- Gear Upgrading system. (Find a reall nice piece of gear? Upgrade it and make it better!)- Lack of Pay-to-Win Elements- Devs are active! They do announcements in game, as well as work on updates, and help players who are having issues.- Fantastic community. If youre a new player, 99% of the community will answer any question you have and try to help you along the way!----------------------------CONS:- Occasional bugs, but nothing major- Bag size is relatively small to start with (this can be expanded at any time)- Some Quests have you running across large portions of the map, and you move slowly at first (better gear can fix this ""problem"")- Game is still in Beta. (This will obviously change, leading up to the full release)----------------------------Honestly I only made this review because the current top rated reviews for the game are completely inaccurate.  Most of the people who reviewed the game and then said ""PAY TO WIN DONT PLAY IT LOL"" are completely wrong.  They invested just enough time to get to about level 15 (not even to the first major choice you make in the game, which branch of your class you want to advance into) and then declared the game unbalanced.Not only is this completely false (as i said above, someone can, and people constantly do, buy ""real money"" currency and sell it on the in game market for gold. You get gold, you buy the real money currency, and you dont have to ever spend a cent on the game) But it gives the game a bad name and bad light.I played for about 2 hours and then quit originally, but came back a month or two later and havnt quit playing since.  Once i got past the newbie level stuff, I really began to enjoy the game a lot more.I also think its important to mention this is my first MMO.  I literally only play Shooters besides this game, and I usually hate games like this.  It takes something special to make a hardcore CSGO fan enjoy a top down-esque MMO game."
,Recommended,295550,24708178,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Chibi Vampire,"Alright, I think I'm far enough into the game at this point to give an honest review. Keep in mind that you may disagree, and that's fine. I want to start by saying that I have a max rank (Lv. 60) character and a guild I've personally founded by myself. I do love this game, it's very addicting. It's your tradional point and click MMORPG that reminds me a lot of how Vanilla WOW was back in the day difficutly wise.You can explore a wide variety of beautiful locations, quest with friends, tinker with whatever build you're making at the time, or just goof off and explore. If you're more of a PVP player the game offers duels with other opponents in safe zones. On top of that you can also compete in Castle Sieges, Arena, and Battleground, all of which are aimed at people who love PVP, as you'll be fighting other well geared opponents. I can say with confidence that you can hit level cap with no Premium and it's not a necessity, though it does make the game easier and a lot more enjoyable. I've given you the good, now I'm going to give you the bad.While everything up to level cap isn't pay to win, everything afterwards is. Now don't mob me on my post for saying this, it's true.1. To compete with the best players in the server PVP wise, you need great gear. Upgrading gear past a certain point requires very deep pockets as the odds of successful improvent start to go lower and lower, and finally hitting 1% after a certain point. This requires you to buy many Red Stones and Runes of Preservation.2. Sealing. Not only is getting the seal you want hard, but then getting the seal you want Orange is outrageous. You must have very deep pockets  to do this with every piece of gear, as well as unbelievable luck.3. Cards. If you want Monster Cards you're going to have to put an insane amount of grind in and hope you get super lucky, or buy them off of the market for an insane amount of gold. Some of them aren't that steep while I've seen some go as high as 150 Million Gold.So in conclusion, while this game is free to try and it's completely possible to hit lv. cap without paying a single penny, if you plan to stick around and get serious about PVP you're going to be shelling out a good deal of money, or spending many many hours end game grinding for the gold you need. So, maybe not necessarily pay to win, more like pay for convenience."
,Recommended,295550,11519965,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,MewmewGirl,"I'm sort of confused by some of the negative reviews, as I'm finding this to be a pretty decent game that doesn't have many problems.First, it has a lot of lore and story to it.  It's not just quests like ""Kill 10 rats because I stubbed my toe and need toe medicine"" - the quests have more detail and story to them than that.  Each quest has been pretty detailed so far with lots of extra tidbits of story and lore you can get out of the NPCs if you select to ask them certain questions.You also find a lot of NPCs that aren't part of the quest line but that actually have story bits to add if you talk to them.  I find this extra work and detail to help the game to be much more immersive.The classes are all very different.  If you don't like the way one plays, you really should try the others as they all have their own different way to play and their own feel.  The powers are all different and specific for each class line and greatly change and affect the way you play.  This isn't like some games where the only difference in classes and skills are that they make a different graphic for them but they play the same way.  Here they all really play in specific unique ways.  Even when two classes have traps, one class they are auto traps and the other are traps you manually detonate.  There are a pretty good amount of skills too and they all have purpose and do different things rather than just being damage upgrades that look a little different.The game plays out just fine and quickly.  Yes, your main attack if you click something is set on default to autoattack (like 99.9% of every MMORPG that exists, so why one would complain about that I don't know - especially since you can toggle it off to manual if you really want) but in most classes that attack is very fast and you're going to be worried about using all your skills all through combat.  You quickly end up using a lot of them.  The only class that plays a little slower to start out is the Warrior, but even they end up with a lot of skills in time too.  If you're into melee and want faster combat, play the Rogue.  The Warrior is meant to actually be a party tank and has a lot of taunts and things instead of the fast pace skills of the other classes.  That isn't to say they are lacking, they have quite a few and you'll see them as you level up more.The game isn't well known here, so there aren't a lot of people in game right now.  Not only that, but they don't really understand why it's a free game they can't get in (the first week is just for people who buy one of the DLC packs, but they only say that if you go searching elsewhere to find that info and didn't post that here).I'm not that into PvP, but for people who are they have these nice castles your guild can take over that spawn chests of loot and have other neat little extras in them.I don't really get their whole ""PvPvE"" thing - that's just a fancy way to say PvP zones.  Most MMORPG games with PvP also have monsters in the same zones but they just call them PvP zones instead of trying to be fancy with the wording.  I really very much dislike PvP and want to avoid it, so I'll have to see how much it affects my gameplay as I level up.  I hope it's avoidable and not too too bad.  A description at their web site says there are quests in those areas which I never enjoy being forced to go to PvP zones to do quests, especially in game that has so much story and I really am enjoying reading all the quest text.  I'm not really there yet though to see how that's going to affect my play.  It could have a huge negative affect for me and even get me to quit if it's bad enough but I'll just have to wait to get there to see.The camera angles really aren't that bad.  I think they limited it in order to make the game work better on lesser systems, I'm not sure.  It runs very smooth and pretty though and I don't really see why they can't allow you to pan it so you can see into the distance a little more but you do have some tilt control and it's really not too bad.The one thing I dislike though and very much want to see change is for us to get the ability to use WASD movement in the game.  A lot of games like this launch with click to move movement only, and it's always the same.  I get sick of clicking so much, it's a pain in the butt after a while.  They really need to change the game to allow keyboard movement controls as well.  I know it doesn't work great for every situation, like if people set the camera to auto movement, but they could always disable it if you have auto camera on or find some other work around.  Too many people are going to want WASD movement controls, maybe they'll listen and put them in game in time though.So I'm finding a pretty decent game here.  You may want to wait and not chance it, and give it another 4 or 5 days until it's opened for free to everybody, but I for one am very happy with the game as it is and am glad I bought a DLC pack so I could play now.  Even if PvP areas make me quit later (again I still don't know if they will or not, it depends if I can still level and quest around without having to deal with them for the most part) - I still will be happy that I got and played the game.  It's been interesting and fun and is a good example of how to put real story and more meaning into quests.  It also is doing something very right with the skill system all being so different.  Hopefully once it's opened for free a lot of people will find out just how much they like it too.The video they have here really doesn't show much of the game, you can find videos elsewhere online of people playing the game if you really want to see how it plays though.  They don't take the time to read and go through all the extra text and things in those videos however, so if you're a person who really likes story and lore in your games you won't really see how cool it is until you're able to get in there yourself."
,Recommended,295550,11750480,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Nawie,"Alright, I have played quite a bit of Royal Quest and I can tell you one thing, all the other reviews that tell you that the game is pay to win couldn't be more wrong, premium items, not only aren't that great, but even those you can buy with in game currency.This is a great game, it has that old school feel to it and in my opinion the only bad thing about this game is the camera, which is usually decent but sometimes it puts you in a very weird perspective, other then that  it is totally fine, and for the price of free why not give it a shot."
,Not Recommended,295550,18805296,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,CuddleBuns123,"This game is 100% pay to win, Yes you could grind out your gear in this game, but to reach full gear, with full refines, and full cards(items that improve your gear further, which are necessary to be competitive in pvp) it would take 2 years of playing at least 4 hours a day every day.To reach max level as a new player you're looking at a solid 350 hours if you buy a premium boost to increase how much experience you get, or 525 hours if you dont want to put money into the game. But, to each their own, if you wanna shove money at this game and become the best on the server it's still possible as it's in open beta, it will just cost you about 5 months of your life playing 6 hours a day and about $4,500 dollars to build an end game character that can compete at the top tier of pvp.If the thought of taking a semesters worth of college funds, soaking it in gasoline and lighting it on fire, in addition to destroying every relationship you have in the real world sounds appealing to you then Royal Quest is the game for you! :DClosing statements: NO I AM NOT KIDDING, DONT PLAY THIS GAME IT'S CANCER, GONAHERPASYPHALITIS, PARALYSIS, AND ALZHEIMERS ROLED INTO ONE MASSIVE COCKTAIL OF DEATH.if you're lookin for an mmorpg to pour your life into, go check out tera, path to exile, or guild wars 2. All of those are better options. Their even fun:DYou're welcome, i just saved your life."
,Not Recommended,295550,11742431,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,MCxMcMasterkush,"Pretty much everything requires money, they should rename this Wallet Quest."
76561198141759936,Recommended,295550,32773229,Posted: 25 June,all,alexsnell,its just a great and fun game to play when you get teh hang of it
,Recommended,295550,14605070,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Chico,Its a fun game for all ages. If you like rpg's then I recomend this one for the mmorpg (massive multiplayer online role playing game) players out there.
76561198002077491,Recommended,295550,27864080,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,BoboBear,"Really enjoyable MMO, that will run on low end systems :) but beware believe parent company and/or IP owner are operating from Cyprus, and hackers seem to be running rampant on the servers !?  popular game with Russian and Far-East players !?  Have your firewalls-up and dont trust anybody ingame....part of the fun for some.  makes it interesting...looks like I recieved a nasty GF card virus that attempt to run Bitcoin miner on your system from a player/hacker from this mmo !?...server scraping hacks also rampant on this mmo, hope IP owners solve soon !"
76561198146482490,Recommended,295550,12089788,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,bdallas044,"pros: I found the game very entertaining and fun for all ages, I have a friend who claims to be 60. The game does take a little time to get were you are going to and I like that because if it were too easy then it would be no fun. There are places were u can fight eachother or even invite eachother to a friendly duel. If u go into a place were its pvp take someone you trust with you or you will be easy prey for the stronger packs and players.Cons: The game is time consuming and addicting for me. I find it hard to level up and get were u are going too but that can present the challenge some players need.So in conclusion I rate this gaame a 7.5 out of 10 stars for exellence but it can use some work."
,Recommended,295550,21124617,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Claudia Rika Anastasia,"4600 hours spent to this game. Most of classes in-game were balanced. But currently now arent cause Dark Knight Class is overpowered by cursed Developers.I think this game have big potential to be good in the future. Its not so P2W and wont take many days of your lifetime to get max level.But it cost enough of your time to play if you want get so powerful and require a lot of teamwork to make a strongest guild in-game.The only worst situation is this game is still few popularity for the future progress, which make some of OLD PLAYERS so strong and new comers unable to catch up and died in single shot by them.Royal Quest just need time to being developed and reworked. Perhaps its good game if i rate it would be 6.9/10Just play and PVP."
,Recommended,295550,12187117,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Mirrormask,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fsXtn_f3voQ
76561198114886050,Recommended,295550,14013927,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,nutella,"First off, the game is -NOT- Pay to Win. You can buy premium currency with gold. Second off, most of the people who are bad mouthing the game either have very low hours played (under 5) or got their ♥♥♥♥ rocked in PVP (Which is entirely optional)It feels alot like Ragnarok Online but with better graphics and animations. There are also far more skills than Ragnarok.The leveling is slow, but the game isn't all about leveling. Anyway, here's a Pro/Con list.PROSDecent, fluid graphicsFun gameplayYou can buy any premium item with gold.There's PVP (That is instanced so you don't have to PVP)Lots of class diversityDaily quests for faster levelingCard system to upgrade gear (Apply poison/fire/etc or extra damage to weapons/gear)You can buy premium items with in game currency from other playersYou can buy premium account time from other players with in game currencyYou can set up shopsCONSSometimes the grammar is a little bit off, nothing major.The upgrade system is based on a % chance so after +5 it fails alotThe debuff from dieng lasts a little whileOverall, it's a great game that I'm having lots of fun with."
,Recommended,295550,18299850,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Jockers(Walid),Amazing game love it
,Not Recommended,295550,16626113,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Tonynon,Quest will have to go fram lv. in pvp zone system is F u c king bad.เก็บเลเวลในโซน pvp ขึ้นดีกว่าเก็บเลเวลปกติ เควชที่มีมาให้ไม่เพียงพอที่จะสามารถทำให้อัปเลเวลได้ ทำให้เราต้องหาวิธีเก็บเลเวล ถ้าคงไม่ชอย pvp หรือไม่มีทีม จะเก็บเลเวลยังไง แม๊ปเก็บเวลก็น้อย แบบนี้มันบังคับให้ไปฆ่ากันชัดๆLV store in pvp zone more than normal Quest and Fram.The quest is not sufficient to be able to make up a level. We must find ways PvE if I do not like pvp or not the team will also store level. Mapping storage level or less. It is forced to kill each other store level better. F...............Game
,Recommended,295550,11879064,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,M.U.F.F.I.N.,"I think this game is fantastic, yeah it could use some fine-tuning but overall? It is worth it in my opinion, and I play for free even. Lvl 26."
,Not Recommended,295550,15002117,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Toodesire,No
76561198007941771,Not Recommended,295550,14291932,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,RedOktober,Its a safe sex RPG. Click-Run-Quest. Side Scrolling neck cracking vision defusing game. Great Looks bad interface and playability. Ability to get run over by Elite Boar who owns you everytime your on the prarie (over rated).
,Recommended,295550,13538073,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,adilson.dell,"este é muito legal, adorei."
,Recommended,295550,14992604,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Lordlambert,great game i love it and is so addictive to play and its fun to play when you dont want to play any other game i will recommend this to anyone and it has reasonable prices for the payable items they are fairly cheap and its amazing graphics for small game like this :)
76561198066723594,Recommended,295550,12160771,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,InJustice,VERY COOL GAME... PEOPLE SAYING THIS IS A PAY TO WIN GAME.. nah u can buy lvl 60 items just for 20k gold? ...i hitted lvl 40 in just 5 days without spending money...nice game keep it up
,Recommended,295550,11554091,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Afi,"is a good game i like it, if you play ragnarok you will love this game"
76561198084329057,Recommended,295550,13963096,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,cdiver636,"This game is realy nice. If the developers where going for that old school mmo look and feel, they nailed it. I recommend this game to anyone who likes a good laid back old school style game. I don't recommend this game for anyone who don't appreciate the classics. Now the crafting takes some time and its not realy ""pay to win"" its pay if your in a hurry to level up. And there are thing that will try to get your loot befor you and thats what the pet collars are for to make your pet get the loot befor any one els dose. But its kinda fun raceing to grab your loot befor they do. It is a realy good game but the view is a bit maddening sometimes, its also ment to be as social as the old school mmo's. But it seems like I have played it befor the hole mint leaf in the mouth thing, someone message me and tell me why it seems so familiar."
,Recommended,295550,14347901,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,N.E.O.,"First Impression after a few hours.  Key note: I saw Open Beta!  ( With that i keep beta at the front of my mind) The key to a successful review is honesty not sarcasm or insult.  I will provide information based on what i know and how i intereret the game.I am an enthusiast when it comes to games.  Normally i do 3 part reviews.  (First few hours, 50-100 hours,  End Game)First Impressions.-Cash Shop,The first thoughts that came to mind is this going to be a pay to win?  I was completely blown away with that thought when obtaining premium items could be accomplished without spending a dime.Premium is more of an Aid to the game then a bonus.  It allows characters to progress more smoothly.   I noticed no real advantage to in game transactions or premium over standard methods of game play.  In a nutshell  Not a pay to win,  Its just a pay to get ahead framework.-QuestingI have mixed feelings about questing.  Every MMO ive played follows the same routine.  Being a Noob sucks.  When you start your questing you will find yourself doing a lot of running.  Fortuneatly in the beginning its very cut and dry,  do this get my reward.Leveling is decent. ( Its a matter of opinion,)  I dont want to play a game where i can max Cap in less than a few hours of dedicated play.  The feeling of being rewarded for hard work and effort outways the purchase of my max level character.  Anyway so far in the beginning leveling is pretty steady.  Thumbs up to that.-CharacterI will agree with a majority of other reviewers.  The characters are super smooth when it comes to game play.  They handle well,  Development is unique,  Classes are Fun.  And especially with that Old School feel to it, the characters are great.At this point its really to early to critique the characters.  I am not far enough to really grasp their potential.Additional Notes.If you like the classic feeling of this.  Example Titan Quest, Farewell to Dragons.  Then you will enjoy this game.So now to press onward and ill update the review."
,Recommended,295550,15992635,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Melna,You like Ragnarok Online?You're gonna like this.This feels like how RO2 should have been.
,Recommended,295550,16001275,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,GreatGamingMage,its a good game
76561198089540089,Recommended,295550,16389378,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Icepeak1221,i love it a good game
,Recommended,295550,16389983,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Hoahwi,"RECOMMENDED , hope u can add more starter bagpack slot for newb they needed it tho"
,Not Recommended,295550,17972466,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,hollisjg,"Three months ago I wrote a negative review for royal quest after rewriting my original positive review. I will now go on to expand that negative review.  My last review ended with me summarizing that Royal Quest is pay to win. Which it is, however, it gets worse. The admins, and mods in charge of the forums online are corrupt and protect people at the top of the food chain in game that have cheated their way there. To help people understand the game and the background of what i'm saying i'm going to give a very fast breakdown of all the different levels and parts of the games.levels 1-20 = having fun, playing casually, (taking the bait)levels 20-40 = more challenge, figuring out your class and game goals (getting hooked)levels 40-50 = sinking more time & money into the game you didn't expect (you can't turn back now)levels 50-59 = hoping that the max level 60 will change the game for you (being disillusioned)level 60 = looking to get in a top guild, throw all your time & money at the game (your fate)so all in all how Royal Quest works is this: it lies to you in the beginning, and then once you've invested too much time and money into it to leave, it forces you to join a top guild to succeed. which isn't inherently bad if it weren't for the background corruption of the game. and that corruption boils down to this: monster cards.there is a special item in game that are called monster cards. essentially these cards are very hard to get and make your gear and character very strong. however, there are normal monster cards and then Elite/Boss monster cards which are the hardest monster cards to get but also the strongest. Now when you get to level 60 typically the last thing you do before finishing your character is finding all the normal and Elite/Boss monster cards you need.However it came to light that the leader of one of the strongest guilds in the game had fabricated the majority of his Boss cards some time in past. And to top it off when someone tried to call him out on it, their account was permanently banned. Since that time, people have avoided openly talking about that incident for fear of being permanently banned.but it gets better. That corrupt guild leader then became a moderator. And as a moderator in any medium your responsibility is to be objective and help the players in the game you moderate. However this corrupt moderator went around and instigated arguments with players (because that's the type of guy he is) and then would chatban people who hurt his feelings.Recently I was one of those people that got temporarily banned for arguing with him after realizing how corrupt he was. The interesting thing is there are in game rules where you're not allowed to discredit those in authority. however, every single forum post or in game conversation that shows evidence of moderators abusing their power magically gets removed. so when they ask for evidence to our insinuations they know we dont have alot because they took away most of them.To make you smile even more, after this recent happening of me and my friends arguing with the corrupt moderator, i messaged the admin about the whole incident and was promplty temporarily banned for discrediting the corrupt moderator. I then made a forum post about the whole situation and how the moderator was corrupt and broke the silence on all the wrongdoings of the mods and administration and was promptly banned from making forum posts.TL;DR:-this game is dying because of corrupt moderators and admins abusing their powers to cover up illegal stuff they did in the past and only care about the top guilds that those corrupt people are a part of.-There is no way to prevent the people in authority from abusing their powers so they do it all the time and you get punished for even trying to stop them.-don't play this game if you want to have fun. don't play this game if you're bored. don't play this game at all. play WoW or guild wars 2, or Tera. literally any other MMORPG.Thanks for reading, now if you'll excuse me, i'm going to try to get gold in league of legends this season."
76561198141983772,Recommended,295550,12852227,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,schampoman,"Ultimate drama, strategy, teambuilding, conquest, divide and conquer, sabotage and betrayal game. Better than Pokemon, better than TV - have to read between the lines, its never about the grind. - Droog.Just has a really bad name - all will agree with that.Those who play generally agree - very similar in format to ragnarok 2. MMORPG. First off, let me say that this is a well crafted game - those who enter the f2p/p2w argument generally and unfortunately dont stick around long enough to understand the dynamics of the game. Many come in with a high expectancy and first impression of pay to get ahead quick - you have to remember that in any game that would♥♥♥♥♥♥off anyone, no one wants that. So, no - this is not a P2W game - it's meant to be a balance between the two and the access to store items is monitored to ensure world availiability. Pay is for the impatient - ie. i want a gold treasure card so i can start making money, buy store items, IMPORTANT - NOT FOR BUYING A WHOLE BUNCH OF STORE ITEMS FOR GUILDMEMBERS, alot have tried to become a guild leader - feel this sudden mantle of responsibility and sudden need to line the storehouse with store bought items - just dont - it's bad form, people cry when it gets stolen, and most act like babies when they cant control everyone, and then leave game - money doesn't buy people. My own personal feelings - the cost of store items have been a high par requirement for this game - and while devs need to eat, most would be unwilling yet as an observation - as prices go down - the population becomes more spend thrifty on a regular basis - and i think the devs see, recognize and have been testing that with the event sales some of us have been expecting.Many likes on how supportive admin has been - i believe it has made a general impression on the community and many have seen that, and are very suprised where normally this is absent in other games.Dislikes would say probably the ""Open Beta"" sign - hoping that comes down soon. In my eyes, games going to have problems, issues and updates. Alpha for program testing, Beta for input and changes, General Release - Steam. Bugs and maintenance going to happen - at the same time if it were at all possible to rename the game to something more strategy minded - would catch a lot of WOW LOL fanboys - to me this is a treasure I almost skipped over because of the name - very reminiscent of the old vanilla WOW days (before it was ruined) in some ways, I find able to recapture that here."
,Recommended,295550,13682196,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Drayg,"Alright then where do I start with this game? The game itself is awesome that I can assure you! So here are the things that I like about the game-Its more of being the actual RO2(Ragnarok:2)-Jobs/Class : Your basic Swordie, Mage, Archer, Assassin but it would have been better if they had atleast 3-4 more classes-Other ppl saying this game is P2W. : Well its kinda IS and its kinda NOT, the reason behind that is Ive played for 1 month without any PREM x2 EXP and I did enjoy it. It just comes to a point in the game that you need to atleast shell out a couple of bucks to atleast help out.Other than that pretty much thats the only thing you need to get going.After 2-3 mos of playing the game I would have continued playing this game since Im 54/60LVL. already but quite a few  player ingame have somehow gotten tired of the game already.Well anyways MORE POWER to RQ maybe someday I'll play it once again :)IGN: WaydyuwanakimeeGame: 8/10"
76561198150293147,Recommended,295550,15040778,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,ljangel386,"Love the community! Most people here to have fun. Good game play, server sometimes annoying with lag especially during sieges."
,Recommended,295550,11854502,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Innervex,"Surprisingly fun, good free game! Just watch the cash shop, not the greatest of value."
76561198010076353,Recommended,295550,14537090,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,dusieqq,"So this will be one of the very few games that actually made me to write an review.Royal Quest is a definitely FUN mmo to play! Altough it's lacking balancing hard, especially between ranged and melee classes.It's a game that features a freedom of building your character (i will mainly focus on mage-sorcerer as i play one). As a sorcerer you can go pve-solo build, pve-support, pve-pvp or purely pvp way.There are three main weapons for a mage and it is spellbook - cheap but medicore ranged attack, scythes - high atk close combat and bracelet+orb combo - medium damage but tons of def (i use bracer+orb). But that's not the end of it, you also got 4 talent trees which specializes in different range of enchantements to your playstyle. On top of that we got equipement that can be imbued with special seals and slots that can fit cards that gives dozens of enchantements. The range of how you want to play is quite diverse which i really like! :)There is no ""true crafting"" as you could see in other mmos, there is no craft leveling, all you have to do is get a proper recipe and resources that are needed for an item and just craft it. It sounds simple but getting those items requires either lots of gold or lots of grind.Now let's go to badies of this game.The amount of grind is helluva big, without premium it would take me ages to get to 31lvl (as iam now) and i already can feel like even with 2x exp and all that it will still be quite long before i hit 60 (note that i preffer solo style untill i reach like 50).The game is not exactly p2w but it has it's aspects, even tough everything can be purcharsed with normal ingame money, to get this money without any help you either grind like mad or just buy premium currency and sell premium stuff, either way will let you achieve what you want. I personally bought dlc from steam store and im happy with it.It's quite unballanced game, especially very hard start for all melee classes, if you have no money then go mage or archer, both of them got healing spells and can kite harder mobs in early, unlike other melee classes, ofc it's not easy, it still requires skill but it's still much easier than lets say, DK which i started with and dropped at 24 lvl (it took me 2 days to get to 24 on dk and 1 day to get to 24 on mage)Overall i would score this game 7/10, it would be 10/10 if melee classes would be optimized better way.Hope i helped!"
76561198149038442,Recommended,295550,16987778,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,dollars202,"This game is very fun til you hit level 60 then there is really only pvp and improving your gear to do. There are only single player dungeons which are currently broken for normal players over level 40 to do with the end bosses being too hard. Be prepared to do massive amounts of grinding daily quests as the normal quests gotten after level 30 will not even take you anywhere near leveling. If you want to level faster or have a better chance in pvp you need to join a guild. No guildless are even allowed in castles sieges. I find the community to be friendly & helpful with the occasional beggar (you know who you are) that needs to be called out in global. I'd rate this game a low 7 out of 10 overall, with it becoming an 8 out of 10 if they put in more daily group quests like zagre and implement group dungeons."
76561198157888543,Recommended,295550,13878408,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,debi1214,"I have enjoyed the game alot. Now with a lvl 60 char. :) only thing I have disliked about the game is I think they need more content for quest. Guilds should not be forced into PVP. Yes, I know you can decline but that will cost a guild alot of money. Also would be nice for some single solo dungeons done as instance or make them group quested. But over all its a great game."
,Recommended,295550,11668030,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,DemonicHymn,"This is a fantastic game and I fully recommend it. Everyone seems to say that's it's P2W, which is absolutely untrue. Just because you spend a couple dollars on this game does not guarentee you'll win at any fight.The two DLC packages offer armor and weapons which are only useful up until level 20 when you are given armor and a weapon with better stats. The mounts one of the DLC package gives you only offers a movement speed boost and a small stat boost, and the pets are entirely cosmetic, unless you want to spend further and have them get the ability to loot, which you could just as easily do yourself by clicking the spacebar.Aside from that, the purchaseable currency in game, Reales, can be bought and traded to and from other players.Lastly, Premium, you get to try it out for 3 days when you make your account and it's most noteable points is that it offers a 50% exp and drop boost. Again, not making the game P2W, just making leveling a bit faster for those who choose to go that route.In summary, don't be discouraged because so many people like to say games are P2W without investing any time in the game itself."
,Recommended,295550,11744606,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Slade Wilson,"Simple. Fun. Entertaining with a friend or two. Some of the quests are silly to ask you to kill lots of things, but other than that it's a pretty basic MMORPG. The controls are interesting. It's worth a quick try and seeing if you like it.To add to this review. A lot of the negative reviews have the same theme. ""This game is Pay to win"". I tend to find that this comes from a group of people who probably have ADHD and have never played an actual MMORPG in their life, or if they have it was WoW after it was nerfed to hell to accomedate casual players and allow them to earn the same rewards as the people who spent 100s of hours earning them in mere 1-2 hours. If you don't hand these people stuff on a silver platter, they won't be happy. It's simple as that. Their time in game reflects that. Most have 1-2 hours played. What can you accomplish or even find out in that time?Boo hoo. I can't have a mount at level 20. What about when you needed to wait till you were like level 40 to even see a mount in WoW? Flithy casual!Boo hoo! I have to pay money for more bag space. Stop hoarding then. You don't need to pick up ever jelly or wooden stump you see.As someone pointed out in their reviews. You can get the ""money"" currency, in game, by using in game gold. Sure it's a bit pricey, but that's what MMORPGs are about. Grinding. Grinding. Grinding. If you don't want to grind, don't play MMORPGs. Otherwiese, buckle up kiddo, farm that gold, get that money, and buy that mount or bag space you so desperately are crying for. Don't expect things to be handed to you just cause it says ""Free to play"". Nothing in life is free. Not even in video games."
76561198024827516,Not Recommended,295550,16587625,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,RuMaD,Does anyone have an original idea for a game?Meh.
,Recommended,295550,14824673,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Realativity,"Great game Fun and easy to get into, nothing too complicated.  Great community and good markets for items."
,Recommended,295550,14014360,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,virpyre,"At some point in the game you're going to have to invest $10-$40 in the Cash Shop, but if you can get past the Cash Shop the game itself is pretty solid."
,Recommended,295550,16462319,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,SinsOnline,"IntroductionThis game fackin blowsjust kidding. The game has many ups  and downs to it, just as any game of this genre. Before we start lets get rid of some obvious stereotypes that I know you're thinking of;ThereAREpay to winaspects to this game. it's an MMORPG, what do you expect?You have to actually put effort into the game to level up past the level 20 hump, where players basically say its ""too slow"". Ask yourself a question, what MMO is NOT grindy? k. done.Yes, there are PKing types, get over it, it happens, ignore them and take a break, go see the sun or something.k, so we got that out of the way now what to talk about? well what more than the gameplay?it starts out in a tutorial, which every game does, of course, but this tutorial is unique as it gives you freedom to stay once you're complete or not, which might not mean much, but at lvl1 grinding the tutorial mobs can get you to lvl5+ before you even leave the tutorial.Next, the graphics, yea they aren't the sekciest, but who cares? they aren't ugly either. I quite frankly love the character and mob designs. It's the textures on the ground and such that I'd like to see changed. There are glitches in some spots, and holes and such that aren't a game breaking aspect.Ok, so you got to lvl 20, it slows down a ton, should I quit as a player?HECK NOthe main aspect of MMORPG's are the grinding aspects, you play the game to get a higher level, which requires you to do quests, and kill stuff. It's really a simple concept.I really reccomend this game. I hope you enjoy it. (130+ hours played, I think I understand a little bit right?right?"
76561198144435725,Recommended,295550,23631773,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,SlytherinGurl777,I love this game! I play it a lot and it's very fun. I would definatly recomend this game to friends.
76561198145103605,Recommended,295550,22486701,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Qowishk,DewDropLyfe
76561198095031132,Not Recommended,295550,29947707,Posted: 15 February,all,Zoe,"its very fun and easy to learn, i like the graphics and style characters have! but in the end its pay to win and you will never stop spending. i put up with it for too long and lost too much and never at any point in time did i not need to spend more money"
76561198054220936,Recommended,295550,14566670,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Pepe the Frog,"First Hour; Kind of boring, but I'm giving it a shot anyway. Time to be a Warrior!Second Hour; quests are getting more interesting, and the loot drops are getting better since I found out about dungeonsThird Hour; Some grinding to get levels for better gearFourth - Sixth Hours; HOLY MOLY NEW MONSTERS QUESTS WEAPONS AND♥♥♥♥♥♥Seventh Hour; some more grinding with a couple of the new monstersEigth Hour; WHAT LOVE ARROWS WHY WOULD THE NPC'S BUY THEM FOR SO MUCH IT'S ONLY VALENTINES DAYNineth Hour; decided to grind love arrows cause I could.... then got loads of moneyTwelfth Hour; just hit level twenty warrior.... time to become a dark knight!Thirteenth Hour; WHAT THE HELL IS WITH THIS BOSS Y U NO DO DIE?!Fourteenth Hour; ok I am a Dark Knight... I have awesome armour, a rideable bird and a ♥♥♥♥ING BAT PETFifteenth - Sixteenth Hour; Made a second account which was a mage! Looking forward to try out new stuff!Seventeenth Hour; Found out that mages are overpowered to♥♥♥♥♥♥.. I got through most of the stuff  in a couple of hours compared to the warrior class which took AT LEAST double that.Conclusion; Awesome game but for the record, there isn't a huge amount of quests for people to do... It's basically the same quests for every character no matter who it is. But it still it very good. For a free game, pretty good! I give this a 7/10P.S I know I had said there aren't varied quests depending upon your character, but keep in mind that this game is currently in BETA TESTING. Be patient with it and new quests should pop up sometime in the future."
76561198110813292,Recommended,295550,20202167,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,TheSexyPepsi,ill start with the pros-music is good-other players are really nice and friendly and quests add challenge to the game-good looking game in generalcons-not necesarily a pay to win gamr you CAN buy stuff if you want but you can earn better items-farming becomes a ♥♥♥♥♥ form about levels 20-30and in general people are complaining that this is a pay to win game not exactly you can get mounts buy buying hem with gold about 60 thousand or so and you can buy items that will help you but just become useless after level 25 because you get better gear that goes into that slot the clas selection is good but they could add mroe subclasses or another class mabye to add more variety to the game and when you reach level 20 you could enstently get a boost of exp for 1 hour atleast to make it easier and less boring to farm players are ncie but most of them speak brazilian german or spanish and i cna barely find a guild that speaks english they could increase the level cap to level 100 wixh you can go to another subclass and then cpa the level at 60 but in general tis a great game
76561198041899482,Recommended,295550,19269418,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,getSERVED,"Is Royal Quest still only click to move? or did they add W,A,S,D movements?"
,Not Recommended,295550,12242019,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Xutterfly,P2W
,Recommended,295550,11533324,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Anonemesis,"Great game, alot of negative reviews...not quite sure why but don't let that stop you from giving this game a playthrough you'll defiently be missing out the games pretty fun."
