user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,295770,9925915,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Thanes of Danes,"Let's get this out of the way first: this game isn't for everyone. If you don't like old school (and I mean, Doom/Quake era) gameplay and hardcore randomization, then you shouldn't buy this game. That being said, if you enjoy either/both or are open minded, this could be right up your alley.Rogue Shooter blends rogue-like elements (permadeath, random levels/items) with gunplay from the shooters of yore. It does have a couple of technical limitations (the lack of a volume slider, locked resolution, and oddball fullscreen modes), but the gameplay more than makes up for it. Weapons feel satisfying and varied, enemies are diverse, and levels (while basic) are never quite the same. Furthermore, the higher difficulties are challenging and give you a good space to grow into as you graduate from noob to veteran.If you're a fan of modern roguelike hybrids, classic shooters, or just plain old innovative games, then Rogue Shooter is worth a shot. Don't take my word for it-check out the demo and see for yourself."
,Not Recommended,295770,12699665,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Sock Puppet,"First, download the demo.  If it doesn't even boot up, then don't buy the game.  Many people bought the game when it couldn't even run on their PC.The developer also disappeared off the radar, so don't expect a fix any time soon."
,Not Recommended,295770,10462062,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,snowtires,"I actually enjoyed this game for what it's worth, but I can't recommend buying it.  The developer, Hippomancer, has left the game in an unplayable state for some and a buggy mess for others, myself included in the latter.  There were two patches in the first three weeks after the game was released, and then nothing.  All attempts to contact the dev via the forums, the contact page on his website, or his twitter account have gone unanswererd.The game has not been updated since May of 2014.  The game was released in April of 2014. It is very clearly abandonware.  Don't support devs who don't support their own games."
,Not Recommended,295770,12797850,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,NoSkillWill,"A real shame.I love FPS Roguelikes. I bought this immediately upon seeing the name and enjoyed it quite a bit. The graphics are terrible but for a game striving to look and play like the DOS games of yore it did an alright job. I really, really did enjoy this game.What a shame the game has been left to die by the developer in a state as buggy as a month-old pig carcass.I spent $10 on a bug-ridden, abandoned mess with amazing potential. Do not make the same mistake I did. Rogue Shooter is abandonware.Try and find a free version online if you really want to give this a go, but do not support developers who abandon their games after public release, it does NOT set a good precedent."
,Recommended,295770,9924964,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Krobelux,"For those of you who enjoyed classic shooters, this is a treat. It has retro-borderlands style graphics and the loot mechanics are comparable to that of your basic roguelike game.Pick your background (prisoner, scientist etc., and there are a LOT!) which essentially defines what you start with in your inventory. You move up randomly generated floors and find loot and kill monsters for exp. When you level, you can unlock a perk (and there are quite a bit to choose from). You can combine materials that you find to create anything from useful items to experimental syringes that yield random buffs/debuffs.Movement is different than most first person games, whereas you cannot look up or down, but only left and right. You manage your inventory in real time (you'll be doing this quite a bit considering all the items you'll be picking up). You'll also be hacking (mouse cursor dodging mini-game) datapads in real time too so best to clear the floor of enemies before attempting this. You get a random amount of credits (possibly other rewards) for successful hacking attempts.When you die, you start over, but the 'intel' acquired is persistent. You acquire more and more intel as you replay the game more and more, and with more intel comes more unlockables whether that's more available perks, backgrounds and enemies.My only gripe is that there are many dead ends, but because you move quite fast (what with the fast paced gameplay), it's negligible.[Edit] The music also does not loop, so if you're on a floor for some time clearing enemies or hacking datapads, then you'll notice the music will eventually cut out and you'll be left alone in silence.For the current sale price ($4.99) this game is more than worth it. If you're a fan of roguelike games and enjoyed classic shooters like Duke Nukem and Quake, you'll definitely be getting your money's worth."
,Recommended,295770,9925746,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Skull,"I absolutely love this. I will gladly buy a hundred DLCs to make it better and better. The game combines the best parts of oldschool shooters like DOOM and wolfenstein with the goofiness and roguelike-ness of dungeons of dredmor (another must-buy game on steam.) It provides a very good level of challenge where it keeps you on your toes but never seems unfair. The combat is skill oriented, just like classic shooters, and there are difficult choices to make in regards to things like spending money and which items to hold on to and which to discard. The perk system is actually quite neat, not gimmicky, and all round this is a hell of a lot of fun. My only 'complaint' such as it is would be that it could use some more visual content. As in, more room textures, more types of enemies, that sort of thing. Also, resolution settings would be a huuuuge bonus. Other than that, it's a brilliant piece of indie gaming fun that I'm certain I can sink a few hundred hours into. highly recommended! enjoy!"
76561197983672075,Not Recommended,295770,16270093,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,DaetherX,"I've had this game a while and I'm giving a negative review based on the fact the last patch introduced a bug and about a year later it's still there because it has been abandoned. The game had been on Steam barely any time, and they took the money and ran.Specifically, the bug I'm mentioning is that you have to redo all the gfx settingsevery timeyou start the game. These types of games are meant to be played for 15-30 minutes then you quit and do something else. This bug makes the ""natural"" way of playing this game more work to start up than it's worth to play.The gameplay itself isn't too bad. I kinda like it, there's enough different classes that give varying equipment and abilites to keep it interesting for a while, I'd be playing more often if not for the bug. The movement is a floaty, but that's part of the ""arcade style"" of the game. A way to sell it positively would be to say combat ""flows"" well.The enemy variety is good, as are the level conditions. The weapon variety as well is nice, and you'll develop favorites for different situations or enemies.I'd recommend this game if not for its total abandonment and multiple standing ""minor"" bugs.I notice it's only $4.99 so if having to reset gfx settings every time you start and having to watch not to upgrade your weapon too much don't phase you, It's fun for what it is, but... Buyer beware."
,Recommended,295770,10320140,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Ggdograa,"Surprisingly addictive and full of true 90's FPS charm, but holy hell does this game have some huge control issues. Enemies somehow manage to grapple onto you and stop you from moving, you get caught on walls all the time and there's loads of other cheap problems with the level design, or lack thereof. There's 100 or so floors and I can't imagine anyone beating them any time soon.Hopefully they patch out the small bugs because this one has a lot of potential.Full video review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Iqbiir0TgY0"
76561197977311224,Not Recommended,295770,12891657,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,i am hasTe,Game has never worked. On three different operating systems. Developers have put no effort into fixing this. Do not buy.
,Recommended,295770,9923834,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,JayToriko,waaay worth the 4.99. It's quite fun :3 I like unlocking stuff with intel collected. It's like duke nukem ish with old old school gameplay. You face one way you can't look up and down. It's got lots of unlocks I like I said. :3
,Not Recommended,295770,12839006,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Tigerhawk71,"Very buggy title, with no real sign of the Devs wanting to fix them.When it's working reliably though, the game is quite fun and has a very Blake Stone: Aliens of Gold camp-y feel to it.UPDATE: Still a do-not-buy for the same reasons above."
76561197993152533,Not Recommended,295770,9936427,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Garfield (Garfield (Garfield)),"I rather enjoyed the gunplay and array of weapons. The throwback to classic Corridor 7, Duke 3D, Blake Stone, etc with randomization and perma-death is a great combination and I really did have a lot of fun. For, I'd say, 40 levels or so?Then I asked, ""nothing's changing, when is it over?"" The game is weighed down by a lack of overarcing purpose. By Floor 51 I said ""f' it"" and died; I had no idea how far into the game I was and I didn't care at that point. The levels have to be more than simply randomly shuffled to hook a player all the way through. See games such as Rogue Legacy that are constructed procedurally rather than simply at random.This game should not have been released as a finished product, but a tech demo to intice other developers' help... especially in the music and graphics department. There is definitely something here worth expanding upon, but in its current state even $5 is pushing it."
,Not Recommended,295770,13889251,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Dusty Bronco,"This is a great example of the risk you take when you buy indie games. Don't worry, the game is completely functional (as far as I know).RS:TFR (does an acronym go within another acronym?) was one of the relatively few games I voted for on Greenlight. It looked really interesting and I was excited for it to possibly be released. And then it was Greenlit, and came out soon after! Neat! However, it seemed rather bare-bones. It didn't have controller support. It didn't have a lot of enemies. The classes weren't balanced. The game didn't even seem balanced! Surely they'd add more classes, enemies, controller support, weapons, etc. later on, right?They didn't, and they won't. The game has had technical patches, so it works. It's just not as much as I expected it to be, going in.As for the game itself, it plays like Duke 3D in that you're only allowed to look left and right, not up or down. The levels are randomly generated hallways (with scenery and a theme). Enemies are two-dimensional. Walls are two-dimensional. The creatures and weapons are creative, both in design and strategy. It is a true roguelike in which you go through floor and floor until you reach the 100th (which I haven't achieved). Intel, a rare drop from any enemy, accumulates to unlock more classes, more perks, and more monster bios, which detail their strengths and weaknesses.I'm not so thrilled about everything being two-dimensional and being locked into horizontal aiming. Sure, it's ""old-school,"" but it's not really fun today. Controller support would be great for this title, but I guess it's just too much for the devs to implement. Also, the game was made to run at a much smaller resolution than 1920x1080 and just won't look well if you stretch it out. You can see this with the screenshots - your Steam screenshots end up as a tiny screenshot in the upper left corner of a black canvas. Also, well, you can see it in the art assets. Two-dimensional and low-res.The game is fun, but it needs more love from the devs in terms of controller support, content, and maybe better resolution options. Since they're indie, I doubt this game will ever see another update - they've moved on. A good price to pay for this title would be $5."
,Recommended,295770,10580188,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,DatWittyName,"It's like Marathon With Guns.But to be serious this is a great game and definatly worth a try at least. It plays like a typical classic shooter akin to Doom, Marathon, Duke Nukem, ect. But one big thing seprating it is the Roguelike RPG elements that the game is based on, when starting you can pick a set of starting equipment such as the Soldier which has a fully loaded assault rifle and some decent armor to start or The Prisoner which starts barebones but can take two Perks instead of one at the start.Once you start it's pretty self expanatory. You have 100 randomly generated floors to go through with momentary safe rooms spaced between each one that allows you to Upgrade/Repair weapons and buy ammo and health for the next set of floors. You can find a number of weapons off of Enemies that you fight which can drop on anyfloor off of any enemy ranging from a Realtivly weak Katana to a Goddamn Rocket Launcher. The levels are pretty easy but get harder and harder the father you get up, Of course this can be said of any game but as anyone who plays Rougelikes knows: Once you die, you lose everything and have to start again.There is plenty of replay value to be found in this game, the more Intel you collect throughout the game you gain bonuses such as Health and Damage upgrades that can carry over to the next game and Higher Diffulcuty levels if your man enough for them.To put it simply: this is a great game overall and well worth the 10 bucks you can get it for ($4 as I write this during the summer sale)."
76561198015512102,Recommended,295770,9998752,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Barack o'Blaze it 420,"I've beaten this game on Hardcore (normal difficulty) and have enjoyed every minute of it. If the screenshots on this page invoke any sort of nostalgia, I can pretty much guarantee this game will be up your alley.The weapon design, balance, and difficulty all feel like they are in a good place at the moment. I get a good sense of satisfaction from taking a look at a scenario, checking my inventory, and coming up with an optimal plan of attack and pulling it off.It's hard not to recommend this game, if you have even a fleeting interest in this sort of genre, I doubt you'd be disapointed."
,Recommended,295770,12730966,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,The Heavy Jesus,"I cannot recommend this to everybody.This game is very cheesy, stupid, and beautiful. To put it bluntly, if it looks like fun, it just might be your thing. If it looks stupid to you and unattractive, it will be. I squeezed out around 20 hours on this low-price game, and I'd say that it was worth it. The game has a lot of problems in terms of semi-mediocre execution of certain mechanics and a lot of bugs (some of which will ruin a playthrough, enemies stuck outside the map, etc.), but it has the right touch of personality and what I would call a cute mix of things I like.Play the demo, make up your mind, and buy/leave it."
,Recommended,295770,9946302,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,GhostYy,"Pretty fun game, has a decent amount of content and has replayability.Definately try the demo before you purchase.7/10"
,Recommended,295770,10317948,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,SnowMew~,"It's a love letter to the 90s, without heavily referncing games form that era, by being a reference to those games of that era. It's your shareware Doom, Quake, Wolfenstien, all wrapped into a rouge-like style with some basic RPG elements, and it's amazing. I don't know if it's just because I fondled the 90s a lot fondly as a 90s child but the 90s was a time when I played games like Doom and Quake and Wolfenstien and these were the games at the time which were great. I would wear an onion round by waist because it was the style at the time. None the less Rouge Shooter is a game you can buy on steam and use with your computer at any time, and you should because it's good."
76561198000083738,Recommended,295770,10439168,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,ice cream depression,"I think rogue shooter has a lot of potential. The weapon system plays alot like borderlands for example you could have a +1 shotgun but a +2 pistol would beat it. The game is cruel and makes you go to lvl 100 in one life. there are safe floors every 4 floors that have a merchant and a workshop. The AI is good and also bad, you can dodge everything. One of the aliens has a shield aurora that makes all enemies around it invincible, which i disagree with, hopefully they will patch it in the future giving it a damage reduction. the game gets a bit repetitive, but can be enertaining from floor to floor. And this is done with weather conditions such as no radar for this floor. The perk system is good but i want more usefull perks.its a good game if you have a friend over to play shifs, im giving the game a 8/10 for being as classic as possible"
,Recommended,295770,9942491,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,scdlbx,This game is like Chex Quest: The Roguelike
76561198025093178,Recommended,295770,9928629,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,ihKu47,"If you've lived in the era of DOS shareware shooters, this game is custom made for you! Don't let the quirky graphics and humour fool you, this title's gameplay is deeper than you'd expect. Numerous enemy and weapon types keep you on your toes, changing your tactics constantly. Gadgets, grenades and stims provide supporting temporary solutions while unlockable perks have a more stable effect.Initially I wrote that Rogue Shooter is an enjoyable laid-back game, now I would say: Yes and No. With its style it's a perfect title for picking up for a brief relaxing shooting sprees, but it gets more and more hardcore as you press on to further levels: enemies become more numerous and tougher (as do the guns you find and buy, luckily) and you're forced to do some extremely quick thinking on your feet to come out alive.Easily recommended for the initial price of 4.99, if it's at full price you should propably check out the trailer and the demo to see if this game hits a nerve for you. After 4 hours of playing and feeling like I've only scratched the surface I would recommend it even then, but not everyone gets the nostalgia factor from this game.When considering purchase, it's also worth noting that some other reviews still claim there is no save function in the game. This was the case at the release, forcing you to either uninterrupted play sessions or to leave the game running in the background as you do something else. This changed five days later, when the developers gave you a save file for when you exit the game. You still only get one and it's erased at death, so game difficulty hasn't been altered.Splendid first work from the Hippomancer studio, I'm glad to have lots of free time in this new golden age of gaming."
,Recommended,295770,9963129,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Tacet the Terror,"I am not a huge FPS fan, but the roguelike elements implemented into this game are pretty solid. After about 30 hours, there are its problems, but I am looking forward to the direction this game is going; though, the dev is currently nowhere to be found to make updates."
,Recommended,295770,11167432,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,GasMask,"Totally recomend it for oldschool FPS fans. Reminds me the old days playing Corridor7, Doom and Operation Body Count."
76561198059780217,Recommended,295770,10709312,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Chuby Hampster,"In an age where FPSs are everywhere, this is a very surprisingly fun game.  Great old school feel with modern engine behind it.  Amusing ""story"" and item descriptions.  Each play through is genuinely different.  This is a whole hearted recommendation from me - but don't take my word for it, DL the demo!"
76561197971092532,Recommended,295770,9925855,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,BardCannon,"Edited: Now it's more of a proper review.Initial impressions after 2 hours:So far Rogue Shooter has actually been very fun. It's silly, colourful and fun. Anyone who remembers PC gaming in the early Nineties will likely approve. It's a Roguelike/Roguelite/I'm-not-going-to-be-drawn-into-an-internet-squabble-over-semantics FPS, Doom meets Rogue Legacy is the most common comparison I've been hearing, and with good reason. So far the only issue I can place on this game is the Steam Overlay is absolutely unusable, but this is patchable. I'll definitely be playing more of this when I don't need to be sociable.Side note to the devs; Having a playthrough trailer was a very smart idea; it gave me a good idea of what I was getting into and it was that which earned a sale from me. Doubly important in this day and age when any old pap is coming onto Steam. I am glad my money went to a properly good game and not the next Earth: Year 2066Now that I've played more:Some more time later I can say the initial impressions held up but there are some things that I do need to address. Firstly, at this time is is seriously buggy. The music doesn't loop and I've had mooks appear outside of the map (though thankfully close enough for me to boot to death through the wall). I've not had a game breaker so far though a good mate of mine has come across a splintered map with unattached sections. Of course if this game's been patched then ignore this paragraph.Another is the graphics and presentation. Personally I am fine with the cheesy cartoon style as not only does it invoke a Blake Stone esque vibe but it is a welcome change from the overly pixelled sprites of similar low-resource games. Still, it's not to everyone's style and if the screenshots bug you, seeing it in action won't win you over.Once all is said and done, I can see myself returning to this game fairly regularily and giving it a bash. The numerous classes and the randomisation definitely have lasting appeal, like other such games."
,Recommended,295770,10140650,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,DOA,A nice game. No Vertical plane so all the aiming is done with strafing. Plenty of weapons and gear with unique modifiers that makes each play through rewarding. Get this♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198031044198,Recommended,295770,9973958,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,"Hodor, the Hodarian","This game is amazing.  Its sort of a mixture of Borderlands and Doom.  Its unique mixture of running, kicking, and strategy makes it epically fun.  Running low on any type of ammunition or taking the wrong perk can really ruin your day.  It takes 100 levels to beat, and I often spend about 5-10 minutes per level.  With fun guns like the Dog Launcher, and a plethora of backgrounds, perks, unlockables, lore and other add-ons the game is quirky & fun, sucking user in immediately.In all this, my only Con is the lack of Achievements, Users should at least get an achievement for beating the game...Nonetheless its a wonderful game, and at its $5.00 price its definitely worth it. :D"
,Recommended,295770,10171885,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,J. Wuffy,"I love this game. It offers a fun challenge, and with 4 different difficulties, the game doesn't have to feel impossible to beat.It has a wide array of weapons to choose from (each having a different effectiveness on the enemies you will encounter in the game), as well as several different items to help you out on your journey.As a roguelike, there is a random element to it, since you won't always encounter the same items and weapons, as well as the same enemies on the same floors (save for bosses), and with environmental hazards thrown into the mix here and there, the game keep things interesting.As you level up, your stats increase and you can choose perks. There are a lot of perks to pick from, and they all help out in different, but essential ways. If you can get far enough, you should end up with all of them.Another great thing was the continuation of updates issued by the developers. They listened to a few common complaints the game used to have and fixed them accordingly, making the game less stale as a whole (some of the updates regarded the balancing of weapons and backgrounds (or classes, if you will), as well as the addition of some more features, and were greatly appreciated). The most important one though, was the save feature, because playing 100 levels in a row was a bit too much.It's true that some people might be turned off by its graphics, or even the music, but then again, this game isn't for everyone, and people will always have different tastes in just about anything. As it currently stands though, I can't help but recommend it quite a lot. It's a fun trip to the top of Helios that I will surely be taking more than once."
,Recommended,295770,10176148,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,"mess with Chen, get the horns","Edit as of 2015: The author has stopped all development on the game. The late game-breaking bug persists, some people still report a memory leak, and there's no news in sight. If the game is available for 75% off or more I might recommend it as it is interesting, but since it IS broken, I wouldn't suggest anyone try to play it and expect to finish the levels. Unlocks and the game itself still plays fine until level ~90 or so (explicitly when a weapon goes from level 50 to 51, they do no damage)Positives:-loot weapons, you'll probably need them when you run out of this current guns ammo-reasonable perk system makes you conflicted over which next upgrades to get as you level up or try different professions-author is updating, adding some basic niceties while fixing other things (I have only ran into one bug, very far into the game, which will probably get patched soon)-basic FPS behaviors DO NOT work here, game is very fast-paced at the start of a level but you get to take it slower as the level goes on-melee is already in, will probably have more rebalancing later-COSSACK MODE! KICK WITH BOTH FEET-two of the three ""bosses"" are original in mechanics, yet still fit in perfectlyNegatives-weapons are unbalanced here and there, more complex mechanics could benefit them greatly-ran into a game-breaking bug, but it's far towards the end of the game and should be easy to fix-professions don't mean much as there's nothing inherent to the classes-melee is not a good choice as-is-levels could use a lot more diversity. if you've played Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup you'll immediately feel like all the levels are pretty mazy, but there's nothing special like a big room, or ramps with one-way drops, or even doors for that matter. If you're looking for Doom-like levels you will be disappointedOverall 8.5/10. Music, sounds, and visuals are non-grating and fit together, mechanics design is fresh with plenty of room to grow if there's patches, or better, a sequel. Single-player only for the foreseeable future, as overhauls to a lot of mechanics would be needed for a creative co-op experience. Levels get a bit grindy, but it's a roguelike for FPS adrenaline/speed junkies, deal with it. The relative amount of mechanics make it a better choice for someone who wants to try and engage and scavenge as much as possible, but the limits are double edged with unbalances and finiteness to most things. The game is NOT designed to be easy or have a final state where you're basically invincible, every level is threatening.Honorable mention: The game does not take long to fully unlock everything. After about 10 playthroughs or 10-20 hours, you should have everything and all bonuses. For an indie game, this is definitely a well polished one without any aspects that ruin it by being too easy or too difficult. Some of the information text is silly, but since you don't need to read it at all to play the game, it's a nice separation of the game from the context of the game. Information is terse, useful, and uncomplicated. Really nice to see a game which isn't lacking or overbearing."
,Recommended,295770,9925510,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,DankBob MemePants,"Let me start off by saying I am picky when it comes to roguelikes. Binding of Isaac is one of my favorite games of all time, and Rogue Legacy was also a good bit of fun. I've bought plenty of crappy roguelikes on Steam, and this is not one of them.I had minimal expectations walking into this, all I'd done is watched the trailers on Steam and saw that is was $5, I was bored. I cannot stress enough how much fun this game is. Each time I play it's completely fresh and the different backgrounds that you can pick when you start really allow you to experiment with playstyle. And it is tough. On hardcore mode (read, normal) I've only made it to level 7. Out of 100. On only the 2nd difficulty. This game is fantastic and worth the five freaking dollars, hell, I'd have paid ten."
,Recommended,295770,13476570,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Dr Martimus DOOM,"A fun game that reminds me of the old days of FPS games.  Some good rogue elements to extned playability, with the ability to save and continue later.  I've run into a few bug, but nothing game breaking or rendering it unplayable like some of these reviews have said."
76561198071421958,Not Recommended,295770,15846666,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,eternal jape,"Welp, it's been a year since updates to fix it.It had potential."
76561198349045399,Recommended,295770,28431203,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,DaMadDog420,I dont get all the bad reviews of this game. For $5 you get a combination rogue-like/Doom-like with a weapon system similar to borderlands and rpg level progression. If you like any of those style games youll love this one. As for compatability issues im running a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ hp all-in-one with crappy integrated radeon hd graphics and the game runs fine for me.
,Recommended,295770,10016050,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Misery,"So, originally, I wasnt going to recommend this game. I tried it, liked it, bought it... but there was no save function.That, however has been added in, removing the one and only real problem I had with this game.  And that's great, because I really like this one alot.This game is exactly what the title says: A combination of an FPS and a Roguelike.   When it says ""FPS"", it generally means those done in the Doom/Duke3D/Wolfenstein style... older FPS games where the combat was fast, you had to actually dodge enemy projectiles (no cover systems here!), and there were maze-like levels to explore full of goodies to pick up, and a large variety of unique enemies.This takes all of those elements, and replicates them well.  I particularly like some of the enemy design/behavior... there's some creative ones in here, in terms of what they do and how they attack (a couple can attack by hugging you and sticking to your screen.  No, really.), and I really like that some of them will actively try to dodge your attacks, leaping quickly to the side, or even firing at you a couple of times, and then running off down some random corridor, only to come at you from a different angle later.  That's pretty neat to see.The roguelike elements are done well also.  You've got your typical permadeath, as well as the full randomization and murderous difficulty that you'd expect.  There's alot of different items and weapons to find, randomized with all sorts of different stats and special effects, with all equippable items being breakable, as they lose durability when you get hit, though you can fix them with tools once you reach a safe room.  You also have the ability to craft various things, there's alot of special items to find like grenades that triple the damage you do to the enemy after hitting them with it, or holographic decoys, and all sorts of other stuff.  There's various other mechanics to the game as well.As in most roguelikes though you're gonna be hard-pressed to keep a good supply of stuff going.  Ammo isnt always so easy to come by, so you need to be careful, aim well, and conserve your shots to make the best of it and be efficient.That being said, this game isnt for everyone.  If you dont like Doom-style games, you wont like this one.  Same for roguelikes in general.... all levels are *completely* randomized, and just like with basically all roguelikes, the game as a whole is repetetive.  Which is fine if you're used to that sort of game (seriously, most roguelikes really do get quite repetetive).  And you've gotta be able to handle the difficulty and the dying over and over.And if you're the sort that considers graphics and such to be important... yeah, this isnt for you.  Dont get me wrong.  I dont think this is a bad looking game.  The artstyle entertains me and I like the overall aesthetic.  But like a great many indie titles, the graphics are quite limited overall.  But this doesnt affect the gameplay one bit, so.... like it or leave it, up to you.Overall, yeah, I recommend this one.  I'm having a blast with it, and it's going to get alot of play time from me.  It's exactly my sort of thing.  Hopefully, it might be yours as well."
,Recommended,295770,9943027,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,dhamadogs,"This reminds me of the games and demos I used to download from shareware and freeware sites back in the late '90s. It revived that feeling I used to get when playing old FPS games. That feeling that made me want to explore. For that alone it's totally worth the money. The mood and the atmosphere, though on the lighter side, really bring it all together into a perfect nostalgic FPS package that I found to be what I was looking for, even without directly looking for it.On top of that, it's a good game. It's cheesy. It's fun. It's simple and easy to get into. It becomes harder as you go along. There are lots of options. The enemies are never passive and you can get into some decent firefights with them. The harder the chosen difficulty, the more you'll be running and gunning in constant action.It's also undemanding on resources and you could probably play this just fine on a very old or weak computer. I can't wait to see what the game brings me every time I play and I hope the developers take care of this game as time goes on."
,Recommended,295770,9926129,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Mailim,"How aptly named! This game is inspired by rogulikes and classic FPS games (The Mighty Foot anyone?) and has the difficulty to match. It also has that something that drives you to keep hitting retry after you again failed to get through floor 3 (it's ok, nobody saw that). Plus, why does this game keep reminding me of Dungeons of the Unforgiven?? Try the demo!"
76561198043971033,Not Recommended,295770,9936032,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Upsetti And No Spaghetti,"I really don't know why i bought this. I'm a sucker for FPSes and roguelikes, and while this game has some good ideas and style, it really isn't terribly fun, and the lack of a passable music track, or a good resolution, or maps that don't look like♥♥♥♥♥♥ and lack of a save system make this unrecommendable. You would have to play this game for 5 frustrating hours in a row- with either the terrible ingame music, or your own from somewhere else- and not screw up at all to beat it. Which is unfair, because the game likes to put you right in the middle of enemies on each floor as soon as you start. Just. 5/10. Wanted to have fun, and really couldn't.EDIT: So, they worked saves, a couple new weapons, and a new upgrade drill in safe rooms. Still not convinced. 6/10, but i can't recommend."
,Not Recommended,295770,12721663,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,d3monshadow,"Horrible game, i do not recommend you buy this game.Not worth the $9.99.If you don't believe me try the demo first.>Terrible audio>Bad AI>Very childish>Gets boring in the first 5 mins>Horrible music"
,Not Recommended,295770,9925261,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Yashabo,"This is a decent game if you like doom type games , it has a small rogue like feel like Eldritch but this is more run n gun.ConsNo Save - You need to run 50-100 floors without saving to beat the game. I got through about 8 in 30 min so if you clear every floor and explore for items 50 floors should take about 5 hours at one time, most dont have that much time at once to play.***Edit: Devs finally added the above but Im leaving my original so people know how this game was releasedStart up glitch - This was released with a bug many have encountered and you need to download 3rd party software as a work around.***Edit: Devs fixed the above right away as far as I know but im leaving my original so people know how this game was released.No up/down axis on your gun - Takes away the need to aim just run and strafe and fire.Levels are short and very similarI could see a old school Doom or Wolfenstein 3D fan enjoying this for 5 bucks but buyer beware.***Edit: The Devs fixed the major problems with this game which I will give credit to them for. Most companies will release a game and just be done with it. at least they have good customer service. Still its a meh game if you really like run n gun wolfenstine 3D style you may like thisMore Cons after giving this game another try when major problems were fixedIntel is used after you die/complete the game  - Basically you don't level up your guy or give him perks untill your second playthrough, would be much better if you could use intel as you recieved it.More hallways than rooms  - This makes strafing around the numerous enemies that come at you at once like a horde difficult.I'll add some Pros so I don't look like im completely ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ on the gamePros:Responsive Developers - They responded to the comunity and fixed several things quicklyLarge Selection of guns - There are plenty of guns some fun and outragoeus to keep you entertained"
76561198022820771,Not Recommended,295770,9933604,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,SocioPsycho,"The game lacks proper screen rez options, and so the recording, try as I might did not come out as well as hoped, I am sorry for this, but the info in the video is still good to have and I spent way too much time trying to fix or find a work around. 480p is due to the graphics of the game. The issue with video is due to the lack of screen rez in game, so please don't rush off to hate bash on that but more importantly what is said, thank you.This game runs right down the line, retro people may love it and if you don't like retro it will put you off from graphics alone. The idea is good but there are many issues which I feel make the game fail. While I would love to see these issues get patched, I fear the game has launched with too much against it. Mainly lack of save option, screen size options, leader board for starters.I would like to thank anyone who watches the video, as I know its not perfect, and I hope it does help you. If you like what you hear, as the see part is crippled in this video, grrr, then you should really check out the channel.https://www.youtube.com/user/SocioPyschohttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gi6Vgwmn_64"
,Recommended,295770,11597475,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Rara,You get to kick robots and aliens in the face.11/10 would kick again.
76561198000365424,Not Recommended,295770,34144999,Posted: 10 August,all,Rensin Redjaw,"Cool concept, had a ton of potential... and then was abandoned.  Had quite a bit of fun with it for a little while, but now that there's nothing else coming to it, it's as dead in the water as a sloth in the deep end.Might like it if you get this only expecting what's there now, which isn't a super ton."
,Recommended,295770,10024572,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Uro ★,"It's Chex Quest with more corridors.It's a fun and charming distraction. The randomly generated content lies primarily in the map layout, the level of weapons and armor you pick up, and which enemies you will be facing on each floor. There are some weapons with status effects, and a varity of alternative items like stims, shields, and explosives. It's just enough to allow for a bit of experimentation.As you play more you can choose to start with different perks and items, but by floor 20, your loadout will reflect your playstyle rather than the ""background"" you chose to start with.The more you play, the more intel you get, which can be spent on permanent stat upgrades, more backgrounds, and enemy strengths and data. You also unlock story logs which carry on the odd humor of the game. You can play the game fully without touching them though.Besides each floor being made entirely of corridors and rectangle rooms with texture swaps for the walls, the big flaw with this game are some odd bugs. I haven't encountered any game breaking bugs or crashing, but sometimes you will see a few enemies who have spawned outside the map that you can't shoot, or the music will stop and not start playing until you reach the next floor, and how strange the game window acts, as it if its moved away from the screen's center, strange things happen. Screenshots suck to.Playing the demo though shows off quite a bit of what the full games provides for only a couple of the easiest floors. It should expose any bugs that there may be on your system, or if this type of gameplay is your thing.If you are craving Chex Quest: The Roguelike. This is the game for you. Just enough content and variety at a $5 price point that allows for cheap, quick, fast-paced, tactical gameplay. What it may lack in the variety of items you may be used to from Binding of Isaac, it's quirky humor, lively enemies, and plenty of opportunity for thoughtful experimentation, it holds its own, if you keep in mind what kind of games its drawing inspiration from, classic old-school shooters.Like I said, it's pretty much Chex Quest with more corridors."
,Recommended,295770,11527368,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Legendary Neurotoxin,"Everything good about Rogue-style games is represented here. Loot variance, crafting, mystery consumables, lots of replayability, and an easy to learn control scheme. If Doom was turned into a quirky roguelike, this is the result. I've played 2 hours at the time I wrote this review, and I'd wager there may be many more by the time you read this review!My only complaint: Intel isn't tallied up til the end of the run, and my very first run was good enough that I ran out of perks to spend points on because the rest weren't unlocked! Very minimal though, and nobody should expect to survive their first run anyhow."
76561198060942663,Not Recommended,295770,17232054,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,CosmicAuran,Can't even get the game to run properlyKeeps freezing upDeveloper has abandoded the game
,Not Recommended,295770,9965894,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,BladeTwinSwords,"There are so many glaring problems with this game. Apparently windowed mode is bugged in that if you even try to move the window, it will affect the mouse look in the game. That's just plain stupid. Fullscreen is bugged in that if you Alt+Tab, black screen. The controls are okish but the mouselook feels awkward. The graphics are cartoony but not bad. The difficulty doesn't seem that bad really and I prefer my Roguelikes to be very tough.Honestly, if you want a FPS Roguelike, I would recommend Doom + DoomRL + DoomRPG."
,Not Recommended,295770,13888375,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Monsieur-Owly,"Horrendous art styleBad level designUnsatisfying shootingRepetitive gameplayOldschool style doesn't excuse bad qualityYou want some FPS Roguelike?Do yourself a favor and get Eldritch, Delver and ZigguratNeed I say more?Rating:2.0"
76561198009316076,Recommended,295770,9944037,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,The Matlock,"A lot of people are debating on this game's forums whether or not this is a true ""roguelike"". Whether or not it is, this is still a great game, especially for the price. The cell shaded graphics are pleasant to look at, and there's a good enemy variety consisting of robots, aliens, plants, humans (I think?), etc. The ""rogulike"" elements come in the fact you get a random map layout for each floor everytime you play, with random enemies, and death is permanent.As you go along you collect ""intel"" which is just experience, allowing you to level up your current character and provide him skill perks, but also your cumulative intel will allow you to unlock new 'backgrounds' (which determine your starting inventory and what title your character has on their memorial when you die), enemy weaknesses, recipes for crafting and upgrade points, which give you permanent increases to health, damage and inventory space.The gameplay itself is reminiscent of DOOM or Duke Nukem 3D, with a fixed perspective and fast movement. The weapons are outrageous as well, as besides standard pistols, shotguns, machine guns, and the like, you get a Dog Launcher (no, seriously) a Shotgun Trident (just how it sounds), a Quicksand Gun (DoT to enemies who walk over it) and other crazy weapons.Is this game good? If it was more expensive I'd say it's not worth it, but at this price point, this is a very good game, and worth every dollar of your purchase.EDIT: Almost forgot one thing. The game features 50 floors (on Easycore Mode) and 100 floors on other difficulties but at this time there is no save feature, whether that be a quicksave, auto save, or even checkpoints. So keep that in mind as well when you're purchasing it."
,Recommended,295770,12208935,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,yung gyro,"""We can dance if we want toWe can leave your friends behind'Cause your friends don't dance and if they don't danceWell, they're no friends of mine"" -Men Without Hats"
76561198023490380,Recommended,295770,22578576,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Abyss Raider,"It's a very fun game all in all, akin to something more like an old school shooter, there's only horizontal aiming, which feels weird at first since you do use the mouse to aim and shoot, but you will quickly set into this small obstacle. The game itself is actually very fun and can be pretty addicting. It incorporates elements of old school shooters with a few elements of modern shooters (reloading, only equipping two weapons at a time) that meld nicely together. The best part (and the selling factor to me) is how the game so successfully incorporates elements of traditional rogue-lites. Many things you'd expect from the genre is here- Permadeath with the ability of permanent stat upgrades, item randomization, stage randomization, and of course the ability to make the game unforgivingly difficult if you please, wrapped up in a first-person-shooter styling. Finish all that off with some simple yet pleasing graphics, and a large dose of humor (I couldn't help but chuckle to learn Strong Throngs long to belong and wear thongs) and you have a surprisingly fun game for such a low price.If you like traditional shooters and/or roguelikes, I'd highly recommend picking this entertaining game up."
,Recommended,295770,28149128,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Marcusq(chel wuz here),"Best game ever, 10/10 would get my♥♥♥♥♥♥stuck in the door frame"
,Recommended,295770,9944237,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,TheDC,"Rogue Shooter is a treat for the 90s gamer in all of us - old FPS controls that remind you that there was a time when you couldn't look up or down; graphics that look like they could've come from a Chex Quest artist; music that makes you wax nostalgic for the time when MIDI horns reigned supreme; and gameplay that leaves you absolutely paranoid about what the next floor might have in store for you.Having said that, there is one complaint I have about this game:  the hacking mini-game, for its difficulty, isn't really worth the reward.Ultimately, though, many games have tried to recapture the feeling that older computer games have, but I'd say that Rogue Shooter is the first one to absolutely nail the experience.UPDATE: The most recent update (4/29) has implemented a save-and-quit system.  Hooray, problem solved!"
,Recommended,295770,10176806,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Kepz,"Rogue Shooter is a quirky game that will have you swining shotgun flails as you kick various robots, aliens, and plants to the ground. You must fight your way through a hundred floors of a randomly generated spacestation full of colorful enemies whose only goal in life is to make sure you don't succede in whatever it is that you're trying to do. Rogue Shooter is not without it's flaws, the graphics are pretty basic, sound effects are nothing special, and a hundred floors doesn't seem so bad until it takes you an hour to get to floor twenty, but it's fast paced gameplay, off-beat humor, and variety in weapons makes up for it. You choose a class and some perks that you get more of as you level up and start blasting your way through each floor. Weapons degrade with use, but can be repaired and even upgraded in the safe rooms every fourth floor to maximize their damage. Rogue Shooter is a fun, slightly flawed, and humorous roguelike that will satisfy your need to shoot puppies at robots."
,Not Recommended,295770,22901072,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,HassLiebe666,"A good game, destroyed by an lazy developer. Don't buy it - you won't get any updates in the future."
76561198060219701,Recommended,295770,9965981,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,lostcraft,"A heartfelt retro-arcade recommendation!Mutants and aliens are rampaging a space station. You're the one-man-army to kill them all. Each game of Rogue Shooter is a 100-level tour-de-force tasking you to clean at least 50% of a floor's enemies, and not get killed by them. As is custom for any game with ""roguel"" in the title the levels are randomly generated, and there are some light RPG mechanics in place. Your base equipment is determined by your ""background training"" (soldier, scientist... ninja, MUSICIAN), and as you gain experience you are able to get ""perks""- small useful skills. All of this is useful because at the core there's really just a lot of speedy gunfighting against increasingly powerful and tough enemies.For Rogue Shooter this all works really well. The levels are small enough to be cleared within a few minutes; the absolutely random grid layout quickly gets old but then again, you're not here to enjoy the scenery. While there aren't really that many different enemy types each has at least something that makes them unique. Some grab onto you, slowing you down, some throw flash grenades, some explode after death, you get the idea. The classes are a nice touch; even nicer are the perk that really allow you to buff strengths or cover weaknesses: Often out of ammo? Get a perk that makes you find more. Good at shooting already? Pick a perk to add critical hits to the mix.As you kill enemies you also gain ""intel"", an odd in-game currency that unlocks more perks, backgrounds, enemy infos and crafting recipes. Clearly designed to give the player some extra incentive to play, it's also used to buy permanent upgrades- similar to Borderlands 2 you can opt to spend intel on bonus health et al that affects all future characters. It's a nice gimmick.Now, two things must be mentioned: This game is a love-letter to old shooters. As in, really old shooters. If you remember games like Wolfenstein 3D, Blake Stone and probably the first Doom, you know what I am talking about: This game is so intentially ugly that it's approaching ""nice looks"" from the other side. Add to that some oddly catchy 80s game tunes and you're almost there.Also your tutor is, for some reason, a mime lady. Best not to ask.If you like to just shoot at stuff a bit- with often very outlandish weapons (Puppy Launcher... it launches puppies!) - and don't mind the cheerful goofy looks this may very well be a great addition to your library. I mean that: It's charming, it's fast, it's intentionally silly and that's really a major source of it's charme. But it's also a downright decent arcade shooter.The latest update removed my only complaint- initially there was no way to ever safe your game, so a full playthrough would have to be made in one session (100 levels, remember!). Now you can at any time ""save and exit""; this keeps the risk of permadeath but allows you to take a break.Alsol, there's a good DEMO that allows you to play the tutorial and a few levels on the easiest difficulty. Due to the fully random nature of the game you'll see a lot in that demo and seriously, you need to see this in action."
,Recommended,295770,10116095,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,arnotts choc ripple,SHAREWARE GRAPHICS X KENS KENS LABYRINTHWOULD EBAY AGAIN A++
76561198022751934,Recommended,295770,10471937,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Manabender,"I daresay if Borderlands had been indie instead of AAA, this is what it would have been.For a game as indie as this, it's exceptional. Sure; the graphics are rendered using 20-year-old technology, but that doesn't matter. The graphics work. You don't need fancy 3D models to make a good game. If anything, the game stretches the graphics to their limit; even with a total of 17 common enemy types, each enemy has its own unique coloration and shape, so that you can tell at a glance which one it is.The devs included a great video of a sample playthrough, and I feel like it describes basic mechanics better than I ever could. I suggest you give that a look-see."
,Recommended,295770,9925671,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Bash Brisecul,"Very solid game, delivers what's on the box. Worth 5.99 easily, 10 is pushing it. Suprising amount of content and unlocks provide the carrot. Could use more incentive to use crippled classes. The asthetic is the first retro-styled game that actually feels like an older game. Very reminiscient of Blake Stone and Ken's Labrinth."
76561198042511456,Recommended,295770,9925403,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,dylans_ballin,"Wow, this game amazes me. I was expecting an OK game... Three hours later i found my self absorbed in its addicting gameplay. The art is hilarious. The guns are awesome. And the entire game is just perfect. Only made it to 25 but im workin on 100 ;) ! GREAT game! worth 5$ for sure!"
76561198272271768,Not Recommended,295770,22102004,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,alfieervin10,"increasingly boring.When you first get it you think to yourself ""this games all right""The next day you wake up turn it on and it just doesnt seem as fun.one week later you will just forget its there and never play it again and if you do you wont believe that only a week ago you actually liked it."
,Recommended,295770,10154060,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,WereKage,THERE'S A DOG LAUNCHER WEAPON10/10 GOTYAY
76561198046233727,Recommended,295770,9933711,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,dfens00,"Awesome game. Ain't no school like old school. Sort of like the original Doom, if you swapped out all the pentagrams and demonic imagery with sci-fi stuff."
,Recommended,295770,9925205,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,penguin055,"I'm not good at reviews, but this one deserves a thumbs up.  Here's a list of pros and cons:PROS:Fun, simple gameplayMany different weaponsGreat humor (IMO)Nice enemy varietyFour difficulty levels (4th must be unlocked)Wide variety of perks and classes (background)CONS:Can not aim up or down, so things such as headshots don't existOverall, a very fun game.  Great time consumer."
76561198036374586,Not Recommended,295770,10173449,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,DocCorvid,"I haven't played a great deal of Rogue Shooter, but I have to admit I'm not sure I will.This is my first Steam review ever, and I write it because Rogue Shooter looked like an intriguing and fun game, and I really, really wanted to like it.The idea is a good one: a fast-paced never-the-same-twice, permadeath FPS harking back to the good ol'days of Wolfenstein and Corridor Seven.I like the humour. It's genuinely funny and well-written. I like the weapons and mechanics, and I really like the data feature which helps you get better over multiple playthroughs.However, there were a couple of things that tell me it's just not ready for market yet. There were four, and I'll list them below.1) Lack of save. I understand permadeath, but there are A HUNDRED floors in this game. Why not implement FTL-like saving+quitting in case I don't have time to play until death or THE HUNDREDTH floor? Unlike Binding of Isaac, the game is simply too long not to be able to save and come back to it later, and it's not like the difficulty ramps up very steeply so it can get to a point where you're just praying for death.2) Impossible maps. On my very first playthrough, maybe my third or fourth floor, I realised I was trapped in a square unconnected to the rest of the floor and isolated from the elevator up. This was annoying enough on the single-digit floors but can you imagine your white-hot rage if you were on the 60th floor when this happened? Or the 99th? Surely it would just make sense to ensure there was a route from entrance to elevator on each floor when it generated?3) Terrible slowdown. The game inexplicably slowed to a crawl on several floors and I couldn't figure out why. The graphics? The number of enemies moving around? The level generation itself? There is no reason a game this light should chug like that on my computer (it's not the best machine but it runs other, heavier games just fine).4) Music stops. This is purely aesthetic but really does affect the enjoyment of the game. I found several times that the music stopped after a while, maybe after the track finished once, and it didn't repeat. I was just running around in silence except for the meagre sound effects and it just wasn't very fun. If none of the other things I've listed were there, I probably would let this one slide. But in a game where I already have my doubts this kind of just drives home the point that the game's just not done yet.So I'd say if you're curious and maybe want to spend a few hours messing around with a new, unique game, pick this up.But I just can't give it a recommendation."
76561198048793200,Not Recommended,295770,14731088,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,BaronRedWings,So first of all technical issues. Not personally had any for me but I would download the demo to check you have no issues.The game itself is merely ok. Its a doom style FPS with tighter corridors and a randomised element. The issue is that this games actual shooting mechanics feel very weak and it lets down the overall experience.In all honesty choosing between this and tower of guns (another FPS roguelike which is closer to Quake) then I would choose tower of guns. Tower of guns has received constant support from the beginning and plays fantastically.
,Recommended,295770,9966020,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,CircumSamurai,"This game is fun and unique. There are some things I would like to suggest adding for options, like blood when you hit enemies so that theres more feedback when an enemy is hit, and having the walls be a little more smooth when you run past them, but overall it's pretty good.It is challenging, unique, has a sense of humour, and fits in well with the rogue-lite library."
,Recommended,295770,9974753,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,BoodleBops,"Great game, there are some major flaws though (no quitting). this game is DEFINITLY worth five dollars. this game is for you if you like RPG's, old school shooters, and terrible music. the music is so so so so SOOO so bad. i cannot even explain the god-awful music. but other than that, this game is great."
,Recommended,295770,9999845,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,"Spirit of Terror, Amko","At first glance it looks pretty iffy, but I've never played anything quite as fun. This game is just fun, pure fun. Loads of weapons and enemies. All the weapon descriptions are hilarious. This game shines as a game made by people who got tired of waiting for someone else to make it. Now get out there and get pinched by a crabby on floor 17."
,Recommended,295770,9932677,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Plasma Arrow,Cheap and addictive! What else can you ask for? The graphics only add to the fun-factor of the game. There are many types of enemies and weapons all with unique abilities! This game is more than worth the price!
,Recommended,295770,9942762,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Rydychyn,"Rogue Shooter may appeal to a lot at first, but it will be a small percentage of people that actually enjoy it fully for what it is.Hailing somewhat deliberately ""bad"" visuals and sound -by today's standard- it is obvious it's inspired by old run'n'gun games of the 90s.This game should have an 18+ on it, because it seems to me to be a game younger generations will not appreciate as much - if not only because of the missed nostalgia.Lots of guns, and lots of items: Stims, grenades, sentry's, holograms, etc as well as weapon/armour deterioration there's always something to keep your eye on, even after you've killed all the enemies on that floor (If you chose to).It also features no in-game saving whatsoever. Dying results in starting from floor 1 all over again.Although it's been calculated to take at least 4 hours to reach floor 100 it's clearly a game not meant for everyone (or many at all, for that matter) to 'complete'. Arcade-esque, survival gameplay; Yes there's an ending, but this game is not solely about the ability to reach it. I probably never will.EDIT: Saving has been implemented now, but only as a way of taking a break. There's only one save slot and it's deleted on death.Disclaimer: I'm not insulting kids, I'm just saying they were brought up less on those types of games. If you're <18 and enjoy this game then +1 to you."
76561198025470164,Recommended,295770,9932874,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Chruncher,"its not a roguelike, its awesome"
76561197999943802,Not Recommended,295770,10408737,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Slaybraham_Lincoln,"I'd love to write a positive review, but I can't play it! The game, apparently, does not work with Windows 32bit. This is the only game I've ever had where this was a problem, and it's completely unacceptable. It's also unacceptable that there is no information on the store page informing people about this problem so they know not to purchase the game."
76561197960531283,Not Recommended,295770,9959630,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Powdertoast,"Yeah. Um. If you liked the original Wolfenstein 3D or Blake Stone, a space based game that was an awful lot like Wolf3D, you may like this game. There's some advancement and inventory management to work on, but I'm not having enough fun to keep coming back. There's no full mouselook in the game, only horizontal. enemies seem to swarm very early in the level, you can't jump or run. Worst of all, there isn't even a quit and save. Every session you have to stay glued to the computer until you die. Maybe if I played a few more times I'd like it more, but I keep feeling like I have more interesting things to do. The basic premise and gameplay potential are tantalizing, but it just doesn't deliver for me, even on a retro level."
76561198038894610,Not Recommended,295770,9982752,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Kiltlifter,"I have 62 games in my Steam library. A few took a bit of reasearch and 3rd party fixes to get running.This is the first game I could not get to run on my Windows 7 system, with no help from forums or devs or Steam Support after a week of trying.Can't recommend something that doesn't work, can't get 5 bucks back from Steam."
,Not Recommended,295770,10834766,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Orrus,Ever wanted to aim a gun on one axis in the Windows 95 screensaver maze?  Me either.
,Not Recommended,295770,10164452,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Yushatak,"I wanted to like this - I like what it aspires to do - but I don't like it. It seems overly easy, and overly linear. Clear out a floor -> loot it -> next floor. Meh."
,Recommended,295770,9946934,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Salient Simon,"Here's a quick review!PLAY THE DEMO BEFORE BUYING. I can not stress this enough, because it really will inform you exactly of what you're getting.It is a pretty niche game, so keep that in mind instead of criticizing it while making unfair comparisons.Do you still enjoy games like Wolfenstein 3D, Blake Stone and Corridor 7?You'll probably enjoy this!It's mostly similar to Corridor 7. Mainly because your mission is to kill all of the creatures on each level and its level design is non-vertical and maze-like. This is why didn't compare it to Doom or Duke Nukem. Vertical leveldesign really does a lot to change the experience.However, it's obviously also a rogue-like with randomized levels. It's pure pick-up-and-play goodness.One of the best aspects of the game is probably the enemy AI and variety. They're actually pretty impressive.Most of them have unique abilites and strategies. Very few run straight towards you just to attack you.Quite a few interesting weapons to find.Most weapons are pretty standard fare, but some are actually very unique. For example: a Quicksand rifle that, well, creates quicksand holes underneath the enemies.There are however various technical problemsLimited resolution options. That is, very limited.And music stops looping at times.There are probably something else weird going on with it but nothing I've encountered yet.The following critique is no longer relevant.Saving has been implemented just the way it should be!Also a limited save feature (not like quick saving or anything like that) would be appreciated.As of now, there is no saving at all.This is pretty annoying when you've come quite far and want to keep going until you actually die, but can't because, you know, life happens.So in summary: It's a great coffee break game for old-school FPS fans with some technical flaws.Worth 9.99? It depends on how much you care about the actually quality of the game. I'd say barely. Worth 4.99? Yes!BUT REMEMBER: This does not mean it's a bad game. It is pretty freaking great, just a little on the meh side when it comes to music, graphics and the technicalities of the game."
76561198006102884,Recommended,295770,9926028,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Dakumi,"First thing is rather obvious, the game's not 'that' pretty. The art 'style' is kinda catchy after a bit of playing and reminds me of a cartoony version of doom. The fighting is chaotic and has a select group of enemies that work well together to bring you down quickly. The weapons in this game are rather creative, my favorite easily being the shotgun trident. Or the dog launcher. Great for a cheap price, though not complex."
76561197993819834,Not Recommended,295770,26608678,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,OniPolice,"Great idea, horrible execution.I can't stress how horribly programmed this game is. There are a lot of bugs and this game is no longer being supported. I've had the following happen at different times: refusal to start up, no sound, massive slowdown within two minutes of play. Keep in mind that if you buy this game, you're probably going to have to find a lot of work arounds.With that out of the way, I'll say the game itself is alright. It's not brilliant by any means, but it's decently fun. It plays similarly to Doom, but with equipment and extremely simple level design. I enjoy the nice variety of weapons and the ability to combine certain ""science items"" together to make useful items. There are a good variety of enemies as well; each with their own attack behaviors.The game's artstyle is horrendous, which you can see from the screenshots and trailer. It serves its purpose, however.Overall: 3/10 The bugs are really what bogs this game down. It's not enjoyable enough of an experience to put up with having to find work arounds so the game functions properly. I sincerely hope the creator will put more effort into making sure his next game isn't riddled with so many problems."
76561198060792080,Recommended,295770,11426544,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Azathoth Ex Nihilo,There is a Mother F***ing trident that shoots shotgun shells... nuff said.
76561198026214145,Recommended,295770,9924197,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Shades_For_Sha3es,So from playing for about half an hour I found that this is a rougelike duke/doom shooter... needless to say. I like it. I have struggled to find something like this that is fun and not too hard or taxing. With this I think I found it.
,Recommended,295770,9924334,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Bobdul Thundercuck,"I found this game very entertaining, and overall well-made. There are a few things that are a bit odd, though not neccesarily bad. The biggest one being that there is no vertical aim. It's a very fun game, I'll probably sink quite some time in to it. I would recommend grabbing it now. The game is just a little buggy, and a few things need some improvement, but definitely worth the $5 price."
76561198072556188,Not Recommended,295770,16304269,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,PrimeBrew,This game is incomplete and abandoned. To be avoided.
76561198041798902,Not Recommended,295770,18140212,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Colonel Ripper,Game has been abandoned.  Was a great idea....but there you go.
,Not Recommended,295770,12366836,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Citrus,The average person will get 2-4 hours of fun out of this. wait til a sale if you want to buy it. I can't recommend it otherwise.
,Recommended,295770,10187794,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Snf,"ftl meets doom, a must buy for a lover of either"
,Not Recommended,295770,11509566,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,cool11yearold :D,"At first, this game seems pretty fun. You've got creative weapons, purposely bad graphics, and an all-around charm to the game. Then you realize how bad the game is. dreadful controls, unoriginal enemies, ands an artificial feel to the game. okay, the game's not terrible. It can be pretty fun at times, but when you start to get ""sucked in"" to the game, you realize how boring it is. Seriously, after about 15 minutes of playing the game, it felt like a friggin' chore. Games are something to do to make you happy, not kill your brain cells one by one! This game is terrible. You should only consider buying this if it is on sale for 2 dollars or (hopefully) less. Final score: 3/10."
,Not Recommended,295770,9992997,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Milli Vanillage,"An outdated game in every way, and also lacks the challenge roguelikes typically have. I shouldn't be dying from sheer boredom."
,Recommended,295770,18148762,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,DaReputableJesus,"Short Review Incoming:Remember the time when DOOM got really popular and every dev wanted to have a slice of this cake? ROGUE SHOOTER falls in exactly that catagory, but it's a roguelike and it was made in 2013! And actually it's nothing more: A randomly generated DOOM; a very good one I might add. This game has everything you want: Tons of classes and weopons, a great variety of enemies and it's a rather lengthy task to finish the game. If you like DOOM or just the roguelike genre in general, check this one out!"
,Not Recommended,295770,14762722,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,(-TN-) EvilGenius,"Interesting premise, that is hampered by poor graphics and sound. Level design is random and will need some serious work before it is entertaining. movement is oin rails like doom. Just not a great game yet."
,Recommended,295770,9935332,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,King Andronikos,"This is the game for those who like old school shooters like Doom or Duke Nukem, but also like randomly generated levels and weapons.  ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS GAME."
,Recommended,295770,12148673,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Nobaddy,"Out of all the FPS Roguelikes, this is the best one."
76561198047751154,Recommended,295770,11514778,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,MC Bat Commander,You can get a gun that launches doges. DOGES!!!!!!
76561198014913462,Recommended,295770,22554081,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Illimitus,"Spiritual successor to Xybots, you can play it for an hour or two and get your money's worth, if its on sale."
,Recommended,295770,9925269,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,D A D E,A fast paced fps rougelike. I don't like fps games and yet this games mechanics were fluent and fun to work with. Definately worth.
76561198169233579,Not Recommended,295770,19135162,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,robbiehkcleary,Doesn't work on my PC. It tries to open then says 'Floating point division by zero' in an error box. Wtf?
,Not Recommended,295770,15336784,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,JouleS,Incredibly boring after the first 30 minutes. The MS-PAINT graphics and elevator music don't help.
,Not Recommended,295770,29432101,Posted: 22 January,all,MuensterQ,worse than any shooter on the market and also every roguelike on the market and the developer is MIAdont buy this game
,Recommended,295770,11023974,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Infrared,IT'S LIKE DOOM BUT NOT AS GOOD 10/10
76561197999581893,Recommended,295770,9943012,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,r0ach3s,A mash up of DOOM and Fallout 3+ that pits you against RNG maps/enemies with none of that boring story. Never get tired of clicking through text. Plus it's cartoony.
76561198012845591,Recommended,295770,9946814,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Myckhael,Awesome Repeatitive Game!
,Recommended,295770,9946426,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,133TEcho,i like this game but it freezez when i get a java update!
76561197996026362,Not Recommended,295770,14544283,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,hegel5000,"The game is actually incredibly good, but the developers have completely disappeared from the face fo the planet, and the game doesn't sync to the Steam cloud or even leave a save after you uninstall.  Also, everyone lost their save data the one time that the game did update.  It could've used a few updates, but those updates aren't going to come ever."
,Recommended,295770,19667458,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Nanolather,"If you're really into older FPS games such as Doom, Blood, or DN3D, I honestly suggest Rogue Shooter to you. Bonus points if you're also into the ""roguelike"" genre in general. There's a lot of content here for the price, and while some things like hit detection and difficulty can bee ""odd"" at times, this game provides a solid FPS/Roguelike experience. Plus, there's a shotgun flail. 8.5/10"
76561197967558464,Recommended,295770,9934491,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Mr Torgue,"THIS GAME MAY NOT HAVE THE FANCY GUN VENDORS OF BORDERLANDS 2, BUT THE VARIETY OF WEAPONS IS STILL IMPRESSIVE. IT'S LIKE BLAKE STONE 3D AND ROGUE HAD A BABY NAMED ""KICKASS"".MOVIE PUN NOT INTENDED!"
76561197979366434,Recommended,295770,10220267,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Syrin,"This game is a blast.   All my kids saw me playing and all got a copy for themselves and haven't stopped playing it.   Even over more mainstream big budget games like Batman and Tomb Raider.   The variety of weapons is great, the humor is a great touch, the unlockables are great, and the challenge is right where it should be.  There's isn't a lot of enemy variety, but that's a non-issue.   Best money I've spent in quite some time.   I'm hoping they make a sequel."
,Recommended,295770,16254335,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,PAINBOY,"like Wolfenstien 3d and Doom meets Roguelike RPGs, dont let the cute graphics fool you this a brutal and addictive shooter"
,Recommended,295770,9957336,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,"Console.Write(""Amac1990\n"");","Extremely fun game, making it through 50 levels on easy is difficult but achievable with experience and a well thought out plan. I find the greese monkey background as the most helpfull considering you can pick up broken weapons(which frequently spawn as pickups) and repair them on the go. Can't tell you how many times this has saved me - considering broken weapons dont fire. I recommend this game for any type of gamer- wheither its casual or hardcore gamers.Below are some changes that I believe should be marked as default by the developer.I had a hard time excepting this game at first as one of my top favorites until I made two crucial changes in the settings that I feel have improved gameplay.two manual fixes: (1) Change the depth of field(field of view) to 180 -creates a less claustrophobic atmoshpere as it improves gameplay(you'll soon know what I mean when you play the game at standard settings) (2) Check mark ""bodies persist"" button in settings as it comes handy for when you obtain dissecting tools.These two things make a huge difference to gameplay and I think should be default settings."
,Not Recommended,295770,31695390,Posted: 11 May,all,RatKing,"Game mechanics and variety of skills and characters are amazing. The enemy types are alright, nothing awful and a few enemies are fun to fight.The reason I will not recommend this game is that it is tiring after an hour, and I could never see anyone beating this game. The games progress is overall too slugish for me (and I imagine almost everyone)."
,Not Recommended,295770,16661071,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Steak and Potatoes,"Rogue Shooter is a really good game, but it's lack of support by developers is an issue. It is an RPG Lite FPS that is clearly influenced by the likes of Duke Nukem and Wolfenstein. While it is fun for a time, it was neglected by the developers who only added like one update. It often crashes upon starting for many PCs that I have tried. That's quite disappointing because it is a good game, but the lack of developer support leads me to not recommend this game. Go play Duke or Wolfenstein instead."
,Recommended,295770,22624358,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Emprepper Pepperteam,This game is absolutely incredible; 4.99 is a steal
,Recommended,295770,23337883,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA,Dog gun is best gun. bork bork bork bork borf bork borf woof bork bokr okrf borkf bokr bokrf
76561198020586501,Recommended,295770,9966766,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Scribbles,WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ IS THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ AM I PLAYING
76561197970078168,Recommended,295770,9960232,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,hermetico,"RECOMMENDED.Old school First Person Shooter, with Rogue-like elements.Overall, it's a modern take of games as Wolfstein or the early Doom.Straight forward action, with rythm and high re-playability value, since every time you start the ""dungeon"" is being randomized.Highly addictive. Very challenging.On the bad side, it's really hard to go further of the third floor in hardcore mode. Difficult to grab useful things.There is no possibility to save your progress so, once you are dead, you have to replay everything again from scratch, what is a tad frustrating."
,Recommended,295770,31807052,Posted: 17 May,all,💐Jess Sersosa💐,"So this is a game that is like inspired by the original  DOOM? Quake? and other titles can't recall people loved from the time, I think it does it right as you play as a clearly mentally deficit and genius who can read data off the floor and level up from it. This game has dog cannons so it has that going for it. Also a bunch of other guns that are hardly convinced by a man of intelligence."
76561198018446175,Recommended,295770,28288729,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,COM/RED,Pretty fun :)
,Not Recommended,295770,14747075,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Ferravaag,This game looks horrible. Like the whole games was made in MS paint. I could not fint any ammo and since everybody else died on the fifth floor I guess that's not just because I'm an idiot. The music is horrible. Not the tunes it self but it sounds like something out of an old DOS-game and not in the good way.That being said I think it's a cool consept and as a prototype it's ok. To bad this is the whole game. I only gave it one go but the game really diden't want to me to go a second round. Something a rougelike really should.
76561198021526170,Recommended,295770,13481680,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Mr Bub,"Very nice game! Simple, yet fun. Certainly worth the price!"
,Not Recommended,295770,15816936,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Kilzo Rising,Not at all reccomended. 1: There is no save feature. 2: When you die you lose everything. 3: It's REALLY hard.Personal rating: 4/10
,Recommended,295770,10049681,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,MartyrA2J,I made a video review to show off some of the features and gameplay of this game!http://youtu.be/tAc79GTZCPQI hope you enjoy!Martyr
76561197984407279,Not Recommended,295770,14728054,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Fig Newton,This game is terrible.
76561198070331853,Recommended,295770,13032936,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Pineapplemajor5,One of the best rougelikes i've played. Worth every penny.
,Recommended,295770,12317372,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Hyperboreal,"Robotica, but not awful"
,Recommended,295770,29170729,Posted: 10 January,all,Fuzzy Crumpet Nuggets 257,"It's a rogue first person shooter with elements of both newer game concepts (like inventory, repairing, some crafting, etc similar to Fallout 3) and older (a similar to Doom but better than Doom engine,) and with randomized levels, different classes you can choose for yourself each time you start, powerups, special items and weapons with a variety of enemies, this game does not get old and is pretty fun. Essentially the goal is to get as far as you can without dying."
,Recommended,295770,15849808,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Doc_,"It was amazing! However, when you use your home key, your mouse can't move."
76561198068537075,Not Recommended,295770,10900848,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Like trap is only 2.1% gay,this is great game but to boring
76561198114020400,Not Recommended,295770,23211638,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,jedzge,cant re map the kick
,Recommended,295770,18150825,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Gigilo,Ez.
76561198068907881,Not Recommended,295770,9945984,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,HauntedCleric,"Based just on its name and the promises of rogue-like FPS adventure, I'd have to give this a big NO. I don't really mind the game itself, it seems oldschool and obtuse like most old FPS but the rogue promises fall short. Honestly there isn't anything rogue-like at all, just mislabled concepts that are still solid but.. nothing rogue here."
,Not Recommended,295770,10419066,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,kebcoob,vaporware
,Not Recommended,295770,9934906,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,TheGreatGooglyMoogly,Might have been fun but I quit after finding the unplayable mini games.
,Not Recommended,295770,10069961,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Ian,"I guess i hoped i could look past the terrible presentation, but the lack of polish in this game goes far beyond that. rubbing and stopping on walls, enemies that starting chasing you down and swarming on you as soon as the level starts, cheap enemy design that uses hitscan as a crutch, boring levels without any change in z axis, wolfenstein style. I want a quake 1 roguelike, I figured I would buy this and settle for a doom roguelike, but it's not even close to that kind of experience.ten dollars down the drain, I should have played the demo"
,Recommended,295770,15824043,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,MeatShake,"Stupid humor, terrible art, doom-level complexity of combat, love it. :)"
,Recommended,295770,9955374,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,crybaby,There's a gun that shoots puppies.10/10
76561198011428354,Not Recommended,295770,23032970,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,xenodor,boooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,295770,9947042,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,chesse20,the funnest rougelike fps i have ever playedand unlike borederlands this game has jokes that are actualy funny and not try hardhumor or whateveryou can even play it in hardestcore mode
,Not Recommended,295770,9924981,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,hvsh,"The fact that I spent money on this sub-Wolfenstein vomitshart will be amongst the primary reasons for boycotting my funeral. What the ♥♥♥♥, videogames."
,Recommended,295770,18961656,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,anandamide5,"I've never cared for roguelikes, but I guess I didn't give them a chance. This game makes me want to explore the genre more.The art style is great, and the game doesn't take itself seriously. This is a fun little game. I can it play it a on♥♥♥♥♥♥notebook while my kids play in the backyard."
76561198106854315,Recommended,295770,10239880,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,xX_pro.ganja_Xx,This game is amazing. i absolutely love the art style. nd is it me or does this game deserve a multiplayer
76561198070879619,Recommended,295770,10316522,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,GTStone,"This may be the dumbest game I have ever loved. The graphics are simple and remind me of the old days of trading shareware games on 3.5 floppies, yet somehow charming and fun. It's a great game to just hop into and play for a while; most frequently this is what I play when I am not tired but know that if I load up a bigger game I won't be in bed until three hours until I have to get up for work. And yet, every time, what I indend to just be a round or two turns in to so much more: if I get just a little more data I will unlock a new background, or a recipe.I have a confession to make though: I use gamepadder and play the game exclusively with a controller."
,Recommended,295770,10376986,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Milo Franklin,"I could make a snide remark, like ""This game taught me to think with my feet. 10/10"".But to do so would diminish the quality this game has to offer. I started playing computer games with Wolfenstein 3D, Quake 2, and Unreal. This is a glorious combination of those sort of games with roguelike gameplay.Also, dont let the graphics scare you away.EDIT: The soundtrack to this game is stellar. Buy it for that alone."
,Recommended,295770,10391563,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Timestamp,Way more memory hungry than text adventure roguelikesBut so many unlocks I need them all
,Recommended,295770,10342285,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Corgibomb,"A very nostalgic FPS with interesting rogue-like elements. Randomized levels, various starting loadouts, unlockables, and challenging gameplay. There are a few bugs with walls and sprite collision, but all in all plenty of game play for $10."
,Recommended,295770,10335757,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Grizzlie,Rogue Shooter is a great fun pickup for the price of 10$. Hell I would buy this game for 30$. But glitches and some other bugs are setting this game back from being purely PERFECT. 8.5/10
,Recommended,295770,9955698,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,sonicpod,lots of fun i've been waiting for months for this game and it did not disappoint 9.5/10
,Recommended,295770,9971332,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Kenamo,"A lot of fun if you enjoy classic shooters, feels a lot like the duke nukem/marathon/doom formula in a rogue-like package. Also very difficult in normal and up is a plus, you get exactly what they say so tons of replay value, I haven't even reached floor 50 yet and there's 100 floors in one playthrough."
,Recommended,295770,9972679,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,cykaboy,Simple and fun stuff shooting with light inventory management and RPG-elements. And silly humor.
,Recommended,295770,9973008,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Fraggin' Ragle,"I am both impressed and unimpressed. I don't know how to feel about this game.I do know that I wanna see some major updates before you buy this game for ten bucks. It's worth it at five, but certainly not at ten."
,Recommended,295770,9975421,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Cabin2,"The biggest argument against this game that I see the most is that it is not a true Rogue-like. To those of you who think that, let me add one thing. To most avid gamers, the only true Rogue-like... is the original Rogue. Gamers will never be satisfied by a game that dissapoints them by not living up to its expectations (which few games are able to do). We need to accept that in games and recognize them for their true positive qualities and mechanics. In the case of this game, a game marketed as ""Rogue-like"" will never be a true FPS, and a game marketed as ""FPS"" will never be a true Rogue-like. However, this game accomplishes both Rogue-like and FPS qualities and mechanics. This game is able to beautifully combine a ""Doom""-esque FPS and a slightly humorous and enjoyably difficult Rogue-like. I would recomend this game to anyone willing to try something different, and I ensure you, you will be amazed."
76561198040889247,Recommended,295770,9975530,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Piccolo Dick,"Get this game if you like the look of it, it will live up to your expectations.everything you love about doom crossed with everything you love about borderlands with all the benifits of being a rougelike."
76561198006972213,Recommended,295770,9977157,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,alpine_ranger,"I have to agree with alot of the other folks who have posted about this game. I love it, the music kind of sucks, and the replay value is awesome. If you like roguelike games this is worth the price."
,Recommended,295770,9978234,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Virtual Terrorist,"Grabbed this since I was looking for something more casual. I wanted something I could easily put down and pick up. Well...i managed to clock in over 8 hours within a 24 hour span. This game is good! Every play through is different. And it's hard, like really really ball breaking hard.  I fought for about 6 hours to beat Easycore (50 levels or so).Weapons - There are so many weapons it's hard to chose favorites. The weapon drop system is similar to Boarderlands in that its random and they scale with your level. You get explosives, miniguns, shotguns, rifles, pistols, plasma weapons and even thors hammer. Just remember to fix your weapons. 10/10Graphics - I really like the lo fi look. It reminds me of the days of playing DOS games. The baddies look pretty cool even through they are cartoony. It runs well on my system. 8/10Audio - This is where it gets a bit crappy (at least for me). The mixing on this is pretty bad. The game music seems to be super quiet (though it's really not that great.) You're better off muting the music and throwing on some Sonic Mayhem instead. Also the elvator sound between levels is so freakin loud and bassy. It's actually annoying. The gun sounds are alright and the bad guys sort of make sounds. Don't expect too much here. 5/10Controls - Simple, very very simple. WASD, Space, Q, E, R, 1,2,3,. + mouse. That's it. It's has a bit of a learning curve with the mouse since you can't look up and down. Once you wrap your brain around that it's smooth sailing. 10/10Overall - Get this if you want a time killer or a mindless killing game. The challenge will keep you busy for a while. It would be cool to see a co op mode in this at some point. Also turn your subwoofer down between levels.8.25/10."
,Recommended,295770,9979255,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,kyokodeathgod,"Addictive, fun, tongue in cheek.  Simple graphics reminiscent of if Borderlands had been created in 1990... The music is atrociously amusing, especially if you've played the old FPS's like DOOM and such.  Note - you can't look up or down, but it's surprising how little I actually care.  There's an inventory, items degrade and need to be repaired, and some light crafting.  You can upgrade 3 ""stats"" which are persistent when you die. Addition of a ""Save on Exit"" feature was a blessing and shows the devs give a crap.  I've gotten to level 20 on Hardcore and I'm sure I haven't seen all the possibilities.  100 levels all up.  Good for a bit of light gaming, especially if you want to listen to some of your own music while doing it.  Dog gun? Check.  Shotgun Trident? Check. Nuke? Check. Good times."
,Recommended,295770,9982949,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Hyper,You can have a shotgun flail. 10/10
,Recommended,295770,9986899,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,sonihi,The weapons are kinda random and awesome like the dog lauchner. This games also features you running through posionous gas killing everything.
,Recommended,295770,9999494,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Free Drinks <What a deal!>,"This game is ugly. Ugly as sin. But that doesn't matter a whole lot because it's also a ton of fun. It may not be the rouge-like for everyone, but if you have fond memories of games like Blake Stone and Wolfenstein this touches those same nerves. If they make a sequel I'll buy it without hesitation, especially if it comes out at half price like this one did."
,Recommended,295770,10002849,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Brak,"The game plays as a 2D roguelike with no pauses and a simplified version of first person shooter controls.  I say that because while you move and strafe with mouse and wasd you can't don't aim up or down - just straight ahead.  The goal is to clear 100 randomly generated levels to grab an orb or reach a  spaceship or whatever the pointless roguelike goal is and there seems to be some sort of boss every 10 levels.  Level ups and skills along with a limited inventory that features durability, crafting, and item modifiers give the game a distinctly RPG feel despite its FPS gameplay.  At $10 it isn't cheap in roguelike terms but I've put in 5 hours so far and plan on playing some more."
,Recommended,295770,10003216,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Pandemon1c,"This game is amazing. Plenty of unlocks and plenty of challenge. No unfair crap, if you die it was your fault. Real old school feel. Great for short bursts of shooting the crap out of things. I love it."
76561198018221621,Recommended,295770,10004863,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,LambdaDelta,"If you like old-shool shooters like Wolfenstein or Doom, you will love this game. After latest patch you can save, so there is no need to sit like 5 hours to achieve 100th floor. You need to think how to manage your equipment to survive, stims will help you on your way. I really recommend this game for fans of old shooters and roguelikes."
76561198087192752,Recommended,295770,9989851,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,DrShadow246,"Amazing. The game is a great throwback to the original FPS games. Simple story, a motherload of guns, very difficult, great techno soundtrack (even if the songs only last about a minute) etc. I would suggest this game to anyone if you liked the original FPS games and if you want a more recent ""laid back"" FPS without all the annoying fans screaming in your ear 24/7. Rogue Shooter is worth 10x more than the amount it costs."
76561197989934459,Recommended,295770,9990328,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Gon Freecs[QC],"A very nice game that mixes the FPS and Roguelike genres plus a graphics style that dates from the time of Windows 95 that will challenge you all the way, but still let you advance in the game even after your character dies, by spending intel points on upgrades (health, damage and inventory space). A must have for casual gamers and core gamers alike."
,Recommended,295770,9992536,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Qwerty | Yourkekyoin,"I already love this game, so amazing! If you like A: Binding of Isaac B: Wolfenstein/Doom/Quake C:Paranautical Activity or D: Awesome indie FPS's then you will simply adore this game. Just- Just buy this now, you won't regret it.-Great Variety-Classic Feel-Endless Replayability"
76561198049945963,Recommended,295770,9992545,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,uzux xuzr,"honestly, im not gonna lie. this is fun.the character you pick depends on your preference really.at the start you have a choice of badass (soldier)you just wanna die learning (scientist)or if you wanna die kicking and screaming you could always pick the prisoner.ammo is rare, guns are rarer, rogue shooter is a rough awesomely epic ride through a random space station with no idea why you're there"
,Recommended,295770,9929280,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Beef Kaker,"This game has managed to both capture the spirit of the roguelike genre and hark back to the good old days of Doom in the ways that other, more expensive titles have completely failed to do. Seriously recommended if you want to shoot the crap out of stuff and love roguelikes."
,Recommended,295770,9930307,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,scrubversive,"Duke Nukem meets Dungeons of Dredmor/Rogue Legacy. It revels in it's absurdity and cheesyness. X-axis aiming only, looking up and down is for chumps. No bullets? No problem. Stomp 'em in the nuts Duke style - assuming the jerk in question HAS nuts or comparable alien/mutant/mechanical gonads.The goal? Get to level 100. Think you're a sexy twitch god? So did I. Yeah, I said ""did""... Past-tense. Plenty of stuff to find, use, shoot, kill, and inject into your bloodstream with no time to worry if it's going to buff your damage or blind you for life.Worth my $5,. Would still be worth my $10 if I didn't nab it while on sale."
,Recommended,295770,11504628,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,bilibull,you can shoot puppy out of a gun and it crushes enemies! 10/10
,Recommended,295770,11111057,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,gfox117,super fun game
,Recommended,295770,11442125,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Eric M Hunter,"Rogue Shooter is exactly as it sounds: a first person shooter with randomized levels and a whole slew of weapons, items and armor selections that gives a fresh feel with every new start. The amount of customization that’s available right down to your own abilities, powers or weapons is satisfying. With the latest update, you can save a game to come back to but dying is permanent. A nice combination of genres that brings a solid shooter to the indie market.http://iamericm.com/2014/05/rogue-shooter-indie-game-review/"
76561197971673966,Not Recommended,295770,11322063,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Tuze,"Game gets old and boring very quickly. Part of the reason why the old shooters, such as doom, duke, shadow warrior, rott, blake stone were so awesome, is because they had interesting map design. In this game the levels are boring corridors/straight lines.The game is also poorly balanced / designed in some areas. One is how overpowered the certain ""ration"" perk is. The game comes down to preserving ammunition, avoiding from getting armor damaged (if you get armor damaged too much it will become expensive to repair). It becomes quickly boring as you cannot sell the items anywhere, like you can in some of the classic roguelikes (you only get to buy from vending machine, you don't actually interract with any ""town"" shopkeeper so to speak).There are better ways to spend not only your money, but more importantly your time.EDIT: Not big fan of mouse circle strafing. Too much circle strafing here (for me). Prefer the non-mouse gameplay the older games had (without those extreme doom wads), where keyboard strafe + keyboard turning was sufficient enough to dodge stuff, and arrow turning (or ""partial mouse support"", as in not so accurate mouse) were workable. But here it's just circle strafing in small corridors.."
,Recommended,295770,9965024,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,[Edge] General Tsu,"A genuinely amusing roguelike. If you enjoyed the likes of The Binding of Isaac, this is for you, however keep in mind, it has not the same replayability.Weapons are punchy and sometimes even funny (Dog launcher, quicksand gun), but always enjoyable. However, the ultimate goal of the game, ""reach lvl 100 of the helios station"" becomes tedious, or at least repedative despite the inherent replayability of randomly generated level structure. After playing to level 47, dying didn't even feel bad.Although the role selection at the beginning of the game allows for different starting points, it ultimately ends up being the same over-encumbered, armed-to-the-teeth gritty gun-spouting rogue, with a gun system like borderlands, though reduced in variation.Overall a fun game, but limited playtime per unit money. Try out the demo first."
,Recommended,295770,9957546,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Agent Orange,"*I bought this game on 4/27/14 so the game may have changed in the future*This is a 90's arcade style shooter that has hilarous bad graphics but, are unique, the music is down right perfect for this game and the weapons are very awesome. Lots of characters(preset classes) you can choose from. Each class has preset ""classes"" that you spawn with each time, some examples are but diffently not limted to are prisonor, scientist, soldier, and voice actor. Overall this game has so much content you will have to spend a couple of hours trying to unlock everything, im going to estimate about 20 - 30 hours to unlock everything. I reconmend this game to all ages that are older than 10."
,Recommended,295770,9967810,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,KleptoKobold,"If you like old school shooters like doom, and have enjoyed dredmore, this is the game for you. Lots of fun killing everything you come across with a wide variety of weapons. From the basic pistol to miniguns to shotgun tridents, this game has a lot of weapon variety. The dog shooter, need I say more?"
76561198067253339,Recommended,295770,9967954,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,☣Unlivingsea☣,"Not the best looking game out there, but it is worth the asking price. I recommend picking up this game."
76561198072902489,Recommended,295770,9955769,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Lol defently not that dude,plz add a music slide i had to do a vid (which is uploading) tern off the sound which mad me sad the kick♥♥♥♥♥sound track is the best i have ever herd!
76561198085173515,Recommended,295770,9957881,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Silent,"There are a few reasons I like this game, but the biggest one is that there will ALWAYS be something new to do! Randomly generated levels, varied weaponry, a crafting system, and many backgrounds to edit your starting equipment lead to me wanting to sink more and more time into this game.However, there is one point that should be discussed. One run of this game took me the better part of an hour and I only got to the fifteenth floor. Although I had fun the whole run, you should be made aware that this game cannot really be played in small 10 minute sessions.Overall, I give this game a solid 8.5/10, which I think it very much deserves because it is a great and fun game!"
,Recommended,295770,9961164,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Kiro,"Ever sinced I picked this game up it has not disappointed me once, I can't stop playing it!  It is seriously a good buy and I reccommend this to anyone who was a fan of Doom and Duke Nukem 3D"
,Recommended,295770,9961840,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Phischermen,"This game is alright. I have loads of fun playing it, I love the asthetics, and the gameplay is top notch. My biggest complaint is that the music stops itself periodically, which is a real bummer because the music is pretty funky. It's just awkward shooting aliens in silence.And this game has a really good sense of humor!And badass weaponry!Rouge Shooter gets a shotgun flail / 10"
76561197995169868,Recommended,295770,15519928,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Veruse,"This is definitely a budget title.  The graphics are evident and you can't even aim up or down.  It is also repetitive and gets old semi-fast.  I recommend that people who are interested grab it on sale, because it is worth a few dollars for old-school nostalgia and the rogue-like aspects such as classes and really strange items.  I have never had any bugs or errors while playing the game.  Don't expect the game to be something it is not and compete with the likes of Ziggurat."
76561198071245393,Recommended,295770,15442749,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Baron O' Beards,"I enjoy this game. I'm going to start with that. It's fun with great replay value. w/ doom/wolfenstein shooting gives the game a nastalgic feel. It's not the best game, sprites could've been done better, (possible balancing issues but I could just suck so who knows) The enemy AI isn't the best, but hey, its 5 bucks, worth it."
,Recommended,295770,16679282,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Cy,"Brutally difficult rogue-like FPS. If you are fond of Rogue-likes and/or 90's First Person Shooters, play this game. now."
76561198119394820,Recommended,295770,16581028,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,theEntery.Frager,I KEEL ALIONZ
76561198042229748,Recommended,295770,11608978,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Risonic,"I don't often review games, but Rogue Shooter definitely warrants it. It's well made, is littered with humour without trying too hard (even on the store page, see comment about crippling alcoholism), and is simply fun, albeit extremely tense and stressful when you have 4% health and are trying to dispatch a floor full of enemies that only move when you move. Or swap weapons. Or reload. The game isn't particularly frequently updated, but there's nothing much to add, though bug fixes are always nice, as I've had (possibly already fixed) bugs occur in the level generation and enemy spawning, and the functionality of one kind of armour. Though it makes me laugh more so than rage.It's an odd take on roguelikes, and is really odd for those of you who play modern FPSes, as you can't jump or look up and down, though the other reviews seem to have reiterated that if you grew up playing Duke Nukem and other similar games, then you're probably going to own this thing (metaphorically and literally, assuming you're inclined enough to buy the game). I still don't understand the whole thing with mimes. This game, for what it is, is probably a solid (hehe) 8/10.TL;DRThere's a shotgun trident, 10/10."
76561198109220635,Recommended,295770,11579270,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,jarlupathingy,It's a good game. I think it would be better if it were half the price and after a while the game gets boring but over all a good distraction game.
76561197968087699,Recommended,295770,12138071,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Scrow,"Read the forums before buying this game,Devs abandonned it a shortly after release and it still sorely lacks certain VERY basic features & has some showstopping bugs."
,Recommended,295770,9947699,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Ev0ker,"This is a fun game that as the name implies combines rogue lite mechanisms with a first person shooter.  The graphics are far from great and the music sucks also but the game itself is very enjoyable.  Has lots of fun unlocks as well as large variety of weapons which remind me a bit of borderlands.  It should be noted that you can only shoot straight, though since all the levels are flat this really isn't a problem.  I would note there is not a lot of variety in enemies and the game does get boring after a while though."
,Recommended,295770,11105271,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,facelessman,Best corridor shooter I've ever played.
,Recommended,295770,11242972,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,CarlCX,"God dammit I really like this game but the name is so incredibly obnoxious that it makes me want to punch myself in the faceARE YOU A ROGUELIKE, ROGUE SHOOTER: THE FPS ROGUELIKE? I CAN'T TELL WHAT YOUR PRIMARY GAMEPLAY MECHANISMS ARE, ROGUE SHOOTER: THE FPS ROGUELIKE. ARE YOU A LINEAR OR MISSION-BASED ACTION GAME, ROGUE SHOOTER: THE FPS ROGUELIKE? OR IS ROGUE SHOOTER: THE FPS ROGUELIKE SOME KIND OF MODERN ROLEPLAYING GAME?COMING SOON, THE EXPANSION PACK NAMED ROGUE SHOOTER: THE FPS ROGUELIKE: THE EXPANSION PACK"
,Not Recommended,295770,11213516,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,κάθαρσις,Unplayable unless you tweak OS. Developer abandoned his baby. Overall pretty boring. RPG elements almost non existant. Gunplay is clunky. Would not recommend.
76561198037872556,Recommended,295770,9930212,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,DoctorPC,"Absolutely incerible game! Reminds me of Doom 2 combined with some more advanced elements (crafting, skill system, etc..).Ability to change options like sensitivity of mouse in-game would be very welcome, though."
76561197987186924,Recommended,295770,12005643,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,IndieCred,"This was a great mix of classic FPS like DOOM and Quake, with progression elements reminiscent of Rogue Legacy. Basically, I love it. The only thing I'd like to see added is controller support."
76561197966756539,Recommended,295770,14085504,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Sibzorz,"This game is fun for short bursts and has a lot of depth to it but unfortunetely is hampered by slippery controls, repetative level design, inconsistently bad graphics and some game design choices that make a run more based around luck than skill. However with that said I still find myself playing this game from time to time and would recommend it to anyone who is a fan of very old school shooters and rogue-likes."
,Recommended,295770,15162029,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Zeusington,"First off, this game won't run on every system. It runs perfectly on my PC, but won't run at all on my laptop, so try the demo first to see if it runs at all on your system. Some people have reported enemies out of bounds and the like, but I don't have those problems, so it looks like it's system-dependent.For those of you it does run for, this game is a nice distraction for the price. The graphics and music are deliberately shareware-tier terrible, but not outrageously so, and they compliment the obviously flippant and non-serious humor present in all the logs and item descriptions. The weapons have a fair amount of variety, the supplementary mechanics give you enough options to keep the game fair, and the core gameplay itself is a treat for fans of old DOS shooters.If you're spoiled on modern shooters and don't care for alt-roguelikes, skip this game. Otherwise, see if it'll run and catch it on sale."
,Recommended,295770,15192074,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Alex,"I got this on sale a while back for like $0.14 or something along those lines, and now that I have played the game, I would have payed full price! I like the artstyle of the game and how creative some of the guns are! Good job!"
,Recommended,295770,9931983,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Reali-tGlitch,"If you like Doom and random generation with mild RPG elements, then this is for you. I know I do. It gets quite challenging, with plenty to keep me coming back for more, as any good procedural game should.My only complaint is that, at the moment, the music and sound love to skip quite a bit. I love the old-school Doom-like MIDI music, but I do hope that it gets patched, soon. I can give this a good recommendation, though. Just turn off the music and play your own in the background until it is patched."
,Recommended,295770,9936279,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Adenosine,Simple yet addictive gameplay.Highly recommended!
76561198044630805,Recommended,295770,9936284,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Guts,"Well worth the price of admission. Lots of interesting ideas put together, hampered only by really poor music and the occasional moment of getting glitchily stuck in the game's graphics."
,Recommended,295770,24163143,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Mickio Tanerdum,the budget is a bit low and sometimes the game can get a bit boring but this is a really fun game if you love old FPS games like wolfenstein 3d. i just hope to one day see a sequel maybe in the vein of rise of the triad (wich did have a random level generator)
,Recommended,295770,23775611,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Agent BLU,Silly little Doom-like clone with some rogue-like elements.Speaking of Doom...this game is more Doom than the new one that came out a month ago.
,Recommended,295770,22622969,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,gatr,"Devs are dead, but it's a good cheap game.Each gun has a good distinct purpose, but some are just kind of redundant to use (e.g Charger Rifle, Dual Revolvers, Pistol). Stims and tools are good though, except for maybe Vigilance (unless you REALLY don't want to do a floor?)Skillful movement and shooting is a suitable substitute for bad gear, high skill and good gear combined The game is good at emphasizing this, most enemy attacks are either melee or modestly quick projectiles.I dislike progression in general unless it's purely for cosmetic purposes, and this game is no exception. In my opinion, the best early game perks are unaccessible until you've got a few games under your belt, and inventory space is very limited until about the point where you understand the game. There's also a %damage and %health boost you get from upgrade points but they really don't matter much, except they kinda do a little bit. You know, the whole 50% at max thing.I guess the character selection progression is fine, though, and I think that the enemy weaknesses should be exploitable even before you unlock their weakness with Intel. Also, recipes should be unlocked from the beginning.On an end note, don't tab out of this game without saving and exiting first. This breaks the game."
76561198066106428,Recommended,295770,22709534,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Merkel,worth the money
,Not Recommended,295770,16456799,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Yaridovich,"I'm changing my review, from recommended to not recommended. I'll explain.The game still has a LOT of things that need to be fixed. For a lot of people, the game DOESN'T WORK AT ALL. The game still has a lot of game-breaking bugs like enemies getting stuck inside walls or a bug that lets you level a gun over the maximum level which causes the gun to deal ridiculously low damage and pretty much makes it useless, among others.The most concerning of all is how, as pointed out, the game simply doesn't work at all for a lot of people, or it works but with issues (no sound, graphic issues, etc).For a VERY long time (over a year), the dev simply didn't show up at the forums at all, which caused players to consider the game as abandoned. Then after all that time, the dev showed up again, saying that they're learning from their mistakes with their next game, but that they're not going to patch the game anymore. And, mind you, Rogue Shooter is not a free game. People paid to play it and a lot of people still can't play the game they paid for.Rogue Shooter IS a fun game. But as much as I like it, I am NOT going to support this kind of attitude. If you're going to release a paid game, you need to make sure the game works properly and give feedback to players. You don't leave the game broken and go missing from the game's discussion board for over a year.My recommendation is: DO NOT BUY."
,Recommended,295770,22665488,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Suck My Duck,"Considering i got this for essentially free (long story), the £1.20 i payed was well worth it. There is some wierd♥♥♥♥♥guns, like a shotty trident and a dog launcher? Overall, Id say wait until its on sale as the devs have sadly stopped supporting it D: Eitherway, id highly reccomend this to anyone :D"
,Recommended,295770,9983961,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Ero Patissier,"Don't be fooled by the appearance of it. This game is exactly what it wants to be: A FPS with roguelike elements, and that means that you are in for an addictive but very challenging title. What I love about this is that while on the first levels you can run and gun everything, later on, you must be more strategic and resorceful, making traps to lure enemies into them. A must-buy if you enjoyed titles like Tower of Guns or Paranautical Activity."
,Recommended,295770,22508686,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,TheOnlyNummy,Awesome way to waste a few hours. I had lots of fun playing this game
76561197972954321,Recommended,295770,21172015,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,TimidTiger,A simple fun addictive game.  Has some minor flaws but nothing to spoil it.
76561198206718537,Recommended,295770,19970181,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,thedarkfate1944,this is a game that feels like a throwback to oldschool shooters.
,Recommended,295770,21897543,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Pot Pie,"A little bare-bones, but still enjoyable. The graphics are atrocious but in an endearing way, like it was made in SketchUp."
76561198041908573,Recommended,295770,26555600,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Faux,"At first glance, I did not expect much from this game. As a person with a background in both FPS games and roguelikes, I was not sure where the game would take both genres. Needless to say, the game delivers a fun and replayable experience that is reminiscent of old-school shooter games such as Doom and Wolfenstein 3D.Lots of customisability, lots of replayability, and for a price like this, what else can you ask for?Pros:- Solid balanced gameplay- Well structured core mechanics- Simple to grasp controls and features- Relatively cheap priceCons:- Old school shooter format may dissuade some people from buying the game- Some attacks (melee only) can feel clunky due to forced movementI would recommend this game."
,Recommended,295770,31714358,Posted: 12 May,all,zimmer550king,Very under-rated game. More people should be playing this. Nice graphics and a throwback to the Wolfenstein era of maze shooters. The game has tons of variety as well.
,Recommended,295770,30326121,Posted: 4 March,all,And after I called her Mom.,"While a very basic FPS (think Wolfenstein 3D era corridors), this does not detract from its fun and funny design. At face value is giggling about strange weapons, but after a few deaths the challenge and depth becomes clearer.Get it with an aim for smaller sessions of gaming between other things, or if you really enjoy challenging rogue-like games and want to try and blitz the whole space station in one go (I keep dying so I'm the former)."
76561198062930931,Recommended,295770,29682305,Posted: 3 February,all,Loxicolimystic,"Awesome game, if you like nuclear throne/binding of isaac meets doom, pick this up. Great game, great price."
