user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,295790,16652451,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Burn,"At first I complained ""this isn't a game, it's a short documentary"", but once I finished the game I joyfully realized ""this isn't a game, it's a short documentary"". There should be more educational games like this on the market! Stop the dragon slaying, mercenary heroes, revenge and love stories and give me more games about real people, their lives and their culture.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=467490889http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=467493625Unlocked all achievements!"
,Recommended,295790,14153203,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Tipster,"Never Alone (Kisima Ingitchuna)FieldRatingReviewGraphics9It is pleasantly easy to get lost in the little world that has been created for this story. The character animations are fluid and detailed, not to mention the work that went in to creating the environment. The art style in some parts of the game also lends to listening to an old story, which is exactly what they were going for.Gameplay7The controls and puzzles were unique, and for the more part enjoyable. Towards the end of the game some of the mechanics can be frustrating, but nothing that will make you quit. Things can be made a bit easier with a friend (playing alone you must control both the characters, though the Companion AI is fairly well done, with little to no glitches).Story9Never Alone was created to tell a story, and tell a story it does. Though extremely short, (Beat the game in about 2 hours) Never Alone was a wonderful journey. Few games actually manage to feel like you are being told a story, but Never Alone draws you in and brings you along to tell you about a girl, an arctic fox, and her journey to save her people.Multiplayer7The multiplayer in this game is local only. Each of you takes control of one of the two characters. A neat little story to sit down and enjoy with a significant other, or a friend who enjoys a good story.Replayability3As wonderful as the journey through this game was, there is little reason to go back and play it again, as the puzzles and interactions with the world will be exactly the same every time.Overall6.8/10As usual, please remember that a 6.8 is not by any means a bad score. This signifies that the game is above average. Never Alone managed to capture the feeling of being told a bedtime story, which is an impressive feat in and of itself. Due to how short the game is, I would highly recommend waiting for a good sale to pick this one up. That being said, I feel Never Alone is a game that anyone who enjoys a good story and casual gameplay should pick up. You'll fall in love with that little arctic fox. There are few stories that I would use the word ""beautiful"" to describe, but Never Alone's is one of them.If you liked this review, feel free to check out my curator page:The TipsterYou are also welcome to join our group and play/discuss games together, here:The Tipster"
76561198031779243,Recommended,295790,13016715,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Babykohr,"A stunningly beautiful, scenic story filled with traditional lore and love from Alaska natives. The trust, adoration between the little girl and the fox is full of spirit. The mini documentary - several outside the game play were rather interesting. It was nice to see another way of life and culture. I would have loved to have been told stories like this when I was a little girl.A game worth checking out and information to take in and value their sharing. So lovely!"
76561198008427771,Recommended,295790,32741587,Posted: 24 June,all,Alice,"Even though this game might have small drawbacks when it comes to the actual gameplay, I can still definitely recommend it.It is a short game, yes, but the story and art are lovely and the insights into the culture of the Alaskan indigenous people are incredibly interesting and touching.The controls and the way the characters move sometimes can be a bit challenging if things do not work as you intend but I still loved this game!The only thing that I would have wished for, is a hint in which chapter you can unlock which video clips. I did not unlock all of them in the first playthrough, and while you can select individual chapters, to play again, you do not actually know, which videos can be unlocked in which chapter."
76561198064502895,Recommended,295790,13014228,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,astrea_anerada,"First time writting a personal review and English is my second language, so bear with me ^_^Never Alone (Kisima Ingitchuna), is an amazing game which teachs people (young and old) about Iñupiat, an Alaska Native people's myth legend, called Kunuuksaayuka. Of course there is a difference between the myth that is told and the game concerning the characters (in myth is about a boy but in game is about a girl, of course the story is the same though) as also it has a very interesting gameplay.Now, the game is a platform type with a type of puzzles (which in first look you will think that it might be difficult but it is not) which Nuna (the main story character) have to solved with her trusted ""Bola"" and her white Fox friend (the second game character), of course you will have your ""trials and error"" moments but this is how all platform-puzzle games are.The game can be played as a single player which you can change back and forth with Nuna and Fox which in return the second character will be controlled by AI, as also you can play the game in Local Co-Op (for the moment, maybe in the future we will have online Co-Op too) with a second controller (already you can use a keyboard as control but for keybinding, at the moment, you have to change them yourself through game file but the developers are working on it for a better solution).Of course you might find some bugs in the game but these bugs aren't ""game breaking"" (as I have noticed from my point of gameplay) and the developers are note them down in order to fix them.Now about the conclusion if I recommend this game or not.Get the game if:1) If you like other cultures myths and legends, platform and puzzle games, then go for it you will not regret it (I haven't ^_^) because also it has ""Cultural Insights"" videos that you must collect during your gameplay and watch them either pausing the game or (better) after finishing the game.2) If you want to play with a family member of yours and/or friends, this is a great choice but bear in mind that it is in local Co-Op, it doesn't have (yet) internet Co-Op. For those who want to play the game with their children, I suggest you to first play the game in single mode and then decide if your children can play with you (due to ""trial and error"" moments). As for the ""PEGI - 12"" that is mentioned in the shop page about having violence in the game, it isn't the violence that most games have but only a violence that you can find in and children's story book and/or cartoon (again do play it in single mode and you decide).Don't get the game if:1) If you get easily frustrated that makes you ""drop"" the game, then don't get it as this game will have a lot of ""trial and error"" moments.2) If you get easily angry because of some bugs in game which makes you ""drop"" the game (which the devs are going to fix)3) If you prefer to play the game right away in online Co-Op (better wait when it will implemented)4) If you get extremely sad during some sad moments (which in the end it doesn't ^_^)5) If you don't like short games (you can finish it in a few hours but this is how telling stories are)As I said in my posts in the forum that this will be my opinion after finishing the game and having a clear view of it and it is upto you to ""take it or leave it"" (it is your own choice and not what we write).As for me, I am very grateful for the developers and Iñupiat people for making this great game. Through the game not only we learn about Iñupiat folklores and traditions but also it is a good lesson about environment (watch the videos, after collecting them) and community.This is a type of game genre that is missing from game industry, games that are created out of pure cultural folklores and traditions.As my ancestors once said: ""Those who forget their history, language and traditions, at the end they will be forgotten"""
76561197982199223,Not Recommended,295790,13023735,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Sharkweek,"While the artistry of this game is exceptional the game leaves a great deal to be desired from the controls to the level design. Some of the mechanics feel clunky.The title is beautiful and I'm certainly glad I played it once, I cannot bring myself to recommend it to anyone from a game play perspective. And for one unfortunate reason. Controlling two characters turns into a nightmare during some parts of the game with the AI lagging behind and getting crushed by various objects, or trying to jump onto a moving iceberg too late and dying.  Other times the AI appears to just give up and throw itself into the ocean when nothing is wrong. With a second human player, as the game supports, and encourages, these problems are for the most part completely resolved.If you HAVE NOT played this title yet, but intend to purchase or have already purchased it, I strongly recommend that you play it with a friend the first time. This may GREATLY improve your first impressions of the game, and your overall experience. The game will actually encourage this at the beginning when the characters are introduced, and I have to say I agree with them.However, if you don't care about such things, it IS a beautiful game. The world has both a wonderful childlike quality to it with darker undertones present throughout.Unfortunately Steam does not allow for a ""Yes, I recommend the game, but under certain conditions option"" but we can't have everything. If you enjoy puzzle platformers, or simply beautiful games, this may be something you would  like."
,Not Recommended,295790,21210371,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,krayzkrok,"There's a fascinating documentary here, the problem being that it's unlocked by playing a beautiful yet mediocre and extremely frustrating platform game. Said game starts off promisingly; it looks great, it's full of atmosphere, it has a cute fox companion, and the character swapping seems like a promising mechanic. Alas, before long you're close to throwing the controller at the wall because of the clumsy and imprecise controls, annoying camera and very frequent glitches that require you to restart at the previous checkpoint. Again, and again. Shame, because I really wanted to learn more about the Iñupiat, but I just couldn't wrestle any further with the sadly flawed game they wrapped it up in. Having said that, I get the impression this was designed primarily as a co-op game, and perhaps it works better if you have two players, but the AI that conrols the second character when you're playing single player seems determined to make life as difficult as possible for you."
,Not Recommended,295790,17459104,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Rogue,"The fox is adorable and the cultural videos are interesting and informative, but the gameplay is repetitive, tedious, and glitchy in some parts.  The game is only 3 hours long, but towards the end I just wanted it to be over.  The developers did a nice job of gradually ramping up the platforming difficulty, but towards the end it gets really tedious: jump into wind gusts, switch to the other character to pull platforms, switch back, and jump again -- over and over.  When you are playing solo, occasionally the computer will move the character you are not controlling in a way that causes it to die - forcing you to start over.  That gets annoying after a while.  It happens most when you are controlling the fox, which is too bad because playing as the fox is much more fun than playing as the girl.All-in-all, I give Never Alone a 3 out of 5.  Nice graphics, excellent animation, and interesting videos, but stale gameplay."
,Recommended,295790,32045188,Posted: 29 May,all,educated_monkey,"Yes, I will give this game a thumbs up, but I do want to say that I had some frustrating moments in this game. There are alot of 'glitches' and weird gameplay moments that make this game more difficult then it should be (character getting stuck, AI moving in wrong directions, overall control of your character).What I do like about this game is the story combined with alot of cultural background and a 24 part documentary about the people living in Alaska. This saved the game in my opinion and was worth the playthrough (which is fairly short to be honest; played it in 3.5 hours total).So, if this game is on sale, yes I recommend it, otherwise, not enough content for that price."
,Recommended,295790,13002326,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Traveller,"One-hour review: Boy is this game ever pretty.  The core idea of ""hey let's teach our kids about our culture by making a video game"" is neat and I'm happy to support that.  I'm liking the Lost Vikings kind of thing, and if you have a controller you can even play co-op with the girl and fox.  They are pretty darn cute, and hey, walljumping fox.  There's a lot of cultural background videos that are pretty cool.Downsides: It's a little glitchy once in a while, especially the partner AI is not good at not dying.  This isn't so bad because you don't lose anything if you die and the checkpoints are close together, but it is a little frustrating.  I've started to think of the critter as Derpfox no matter how cool he is.I feel like I'm about halfway through the game after one hour, but the cultural videos seem like they are a big part of the experience and I haven't watched many.  Maybe think of this as an interactive cultural exhibit: you're paying for that, not for a huge amount of gameplay."
76561198079335824,Recommended,295790,13037915,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Zowieanna Zanthia,"I must say this is a beautiful game very Antarctic, but based around Alaska and so differant from what i have seen before. The game is a Side Scrolling Platformer with a  touching story to go with the game,  you are able to play Co-op with a friend  or family member or just go it Alone, switching between the Girl  named Nuna and her new friend the cute white fox to help progress through the game, but remember your Never Alone you have the adorable white fox helping you along your journey. Be warned watch out for the hungry Polarbear you must run, jump, run, jump,and just run for your life.Also sometimes the puzzles are a bit tricky to solve, so i watched youtube videos to help but only if i could not find my own solution to progress further in the game, and really the solutions where very simple to solve. This is not a difficult game to play although it took me longer than it should have, never the less, i enjoyed the game and i will play it again as i really enjoyed this game :)You can also unlock ingame documentaries sharing the ways of the Alaska Native people and thier way of life, they are very touching storys indeed.  We are all now facing climate change and this is very real fact and phenomena to this day, even the poor polarbear is slowly becoming extinct, and the ice caps are melting. So for me I believe my purchase of this game was worth the price i paid with some proceeds i think will go to the Alaska Native people to help them survive.http://youtu.be/8yefBjvyTYMAlso the game is running really good now that an update came through today 22/11/14 so i am very pleased with the fixes all is running very well. Thankyou to the developers for this very intresting and beautiful game. Its great to see a team that is so dedicated to thier project , keep up the great work your all doing, and i hope to maybe see another of your beautiful games in the future or a Never Alone 2  in the making, Well done to all the team that brought this game to life ; )Oh and the white fox is adorable too, I need a plushie white fox to cuddle now ;D"
,Recommended,295790,13217630,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Angelesse,"Insightful, colorful, and touching.  Stunning graphics and simple gameplay allows you to take in and appreciate Never Alone's beautiful story and art.  The idea for a community to use a video game for reaching out to the world and teach is a powerful one.  I sincerely hope and look forward to more games like this in the future."
,Not Recommended,295790,12999343,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,I AKU!,"I hate to do this, I've been looking forward to this game for some time and using video games to showcase people and cultures that don't usually get any exposure is quite admirable and cool, but this game leaves me no choice. This game is just filled with enough frustrations to drag the whole thing down despite the clear love that was put into it and how beautiful it is.These frustrations are bugs and I've run into gamebreaking glitches where I had to reset the checkpoint in order to fix, like an NPC just running in circles instead of leaving which prevented me from moving a block to advance or not having a platform appear after I hit the thing that summons it.The hugest glitch though is the fox just falls through platforms and dies, to the point where I can't progress anymore because the fox keeps doing it, even when I'm controlling it. This game clearly had more of co-op in mind because for whatever reason the devs thought having your AI controlled partner being able to die is a good idea so I've run into multiple instances where the AI just leaps to its death or doesn't run and gets killed by an enemy. Babysitting the AI is not fun.Also some of the chase sequences are way too punishing. I’m far from a newbie at platformers but the window to do things in some chase sections felt way too small. All my problems can be fixed through patching though and I really hope the devs fix it, because this clearly would be a quality game if it weren’t dragged down with these bugs.So in conclusion, don’t buy it now, wait for patches. I'll update this review if they do."
,Recommended,295790,13010958,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Chip'em'ups,"I strongly suggest that anyone with the slightest antropological bent watch this game as soon as possible. I say watch because the gameplay is pretty run-of-the-mill puzzle-platforming and earns this recommendation almost wholly on the back of the excellent documentary footage (the ""cultural insights"") and the art direction.The art direction is stunning. As I parsed the occasional glitch or two what kept me playing was the visual appeal of the game. The 3D models are tolerable and appropriately adorable for a game about a fox and a little girl, but the game's backgrounds and use of cultural imagery really make a generic-playing game look and feel special. There's love and heart in this game and its apparent in the art, in the music, and in the in-game narration. This is a very simple game being used as a platform to demonstrate this culture.And, you know what? I'm cool with that. The idea of a game showcasing a community rarely given public space to talk about who they are is a decent one with a lot of potential. This is hopefully an early trailblazer both in terms of game development strategies and in terms of cultural connection. The 24 videos contained in the game are sometimes touching, as with the story of the girl riding a polar bear or memories of playing with Arctic Fox. They are sometimes informative, as are the ones discussing the importance of words like Sila or the stories of the Little People. They are all entertaining. The idea of playing a documentary like this is both interesting and reasonably well-applied here.I look forward to this studio's next effort and applaud them for this game. While it hardly pushes envelopes with its platforming, it is a welcome change of scenery and a well put together exploration of the peoples of the Arctic. If you have no interest in these people, you will have no interest in this game. If this idea interests you, however, I strongly suggest you support this game and encourage this nascent genre of indigenous storytelling."
,Recommended,295790,18554489,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,icaroferracini,"Nuna and Fox are searching for the source of an eternal blizzard that threatens the survival of all her village and to complete this quest they must help each other going through harsh world of the Arctic.That could be a simple and generic platform game story but not today, not in Never Alone (Kisima Ingitchuna). This game has much more...This is an traditional story in the culture of Iñupiat (an Alaska Native people), that has been shared across the generations. As you explore the cold and beautiful world created you will know more about the Iñupiat people because this game brings a AWESOME storytelling format.It has more than 30 minutes of interviews with the Alaska Native community to share stories and wisdom about their culture, life, community, beliefs and legends. The more you play, more you know and, of course, better and deeper your immersion in the game.In this one I won't write about the design, sound, gameplay and other things. The only thing you need to know is that you must have this experience, you must play it, you must know this story and they culture."
,Not Recommended,295790,13952685,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Psiclone,"Never Alone describes itself as an adventure game and is beautiful and visually striking. However, the game feels like it was programmed and developed by the artists. It is very difficult to play the game which requires exteme precision under stress with unresponsive controls. A story is being told during the game in a native tongue and has captions for you to read so you can understand. However, you do not have time to read them as you flee a persuer and whilst performing precision tasks. Completing levels does not give you the sense of completion as solving puzzles in most games do as the feeling is merely a sense of relief as the stress of the previous level has finally been overcome. You have few tools for overcoming challenges and you are constantly being hammered to use the same tools to solve the same obstacles the same way over and over again with any failure causing you to restart from checkpoint. It is a very difficult game and is not enjoyable for a casual gamer."
,Recommended,295790,13066715,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Ruka (〃ω〃),"I loved the idea of sharing The Arctic People's culture through such an inspiring game. Aside from playing game, you would get to experience their cultural traditions, right from their perspectives which are amazing and rarely seen. The key of the game is its story. Please remind yourself to watch every single video, provided from your playthrough. You will surely have a lot to experience.Even though I played in single-player mode, I also loved how you can play in co-op with a friend. You could switch to play the fox or the girl in the needed time even when you chose to play it in single-player. Well, I had to, because in some evidence I had to play as a fox and vice versa. It was fun!The characters are cute. The relationship between the girl and the fox are beautiful. The puzzles are fun. The soundtracks are awesome. Great game, great story and great idea! The only reason I felt sorry for this game is its horrible controls. What a pity! So be patient and wait for some bug fixes, then you will have no regrets!"
,Recommended,295790,20134482,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,ownosourus,"Never Alone is an indie 2D puzzle platformer with a unique inspiration source, showing a folk tale set in the Alaskan permafrost. The game was built in partnership with the Alaskan Native community, delivering an atmospheric experience set in a snowy world, delving into the lore of the Inupiat people.Whenever a new 2D platformer comes out of the indie scene, we have to answer the question of whether its existence is relevant or if it's just another consequence of having bigger and better game making tools and 2D platformers being easy to make. Never Alone passes the test with flying colors, as it's based on a folk tale and also packs in some neat documentary footage, delivering interesting facts about the Alaskan natives and their culture. In the game, you play the role of a young girl going on a quest to find why the blizzard isn't stopping, before her village starves as a consequence of not being able to hunt anymore.The game plays as you would expect from a platformer, with plenty of running, jumping, and the occasional bola shooting, and a slew of facile puzzles to solve. The action blends realism with supernatural elements, such as an ice giant, a huge ice whale and helpful spirits, all based on the folklore of the people living in one of the harshest environments on Earth.You assume the role of Nuna, going out into the great unknown and braving the elements in order to save your village. However, you are not alone in your quest, as an arctic fox comes to your help and follows you during your journey, helping you by talking to the spirits. In addition to this, you'll also be able to move boxes, swim around, jump through trees, and do a lot of running for your life when being chased by polar bears or the game's antagonist.The controls aren't as smooth as they could be, as you can't freely jump around as you would in an action platformer. For instance, you can't jump backward, you have to first turn, and then get some momentum before a jump, which can lead to frustrating situations where you fail to reach your target. Furthermore, the transition from running to shooting your bola is also a bit choppy, especially when you need to shoot it fast, and aiming isn't always as accurate as it could be.This is further aggravated by the fact that the characters don't always manage to grab onto ledges, especially around boxes, and the AI controlling the inactive character isn't always making the best decisions. However, a recent update has solved some of the AI issues, and there are a lot of checkpoints in the game, so it's not that big a deal in the end, even if the controls could have been a little bit more responsive. Aside from these points, the game plays very well, with enough variety to make things interesting and with a right difficulty balance, enough to be slightly challenging, but not enough to put you off.As you progress through the story, you will unlock live-action documentary sequences, detailing the lives and beliefs of the Alaskan natives, which are a worthy view, especially if you're interested in finding out more about the various cultures of the world. The overall atmosphere is great, and the different motives used during the adventure are very interesting, the entire thing looking like a blend of fairy tale and gritty survival story, lending mature themes a puerile spirit, and blending a sort of childish awe with the need to understand and internalize what is going on in the world around us.In this regard, the game's story is like many other folk tales of old, seeking to add an anthropomorphic value to natural occurrences beyond our grasp, and to offer the events that influence our lives some higher meaning and, most of all, a purpose. There are Little People, there is a Manslayer, the archetypal person putting its own needs and desires before the community's, Sky People, and a lot of other nice things to discover and wonder at.The entire game aims to convey a picture, that everything in the world is connected, according to the Inupiat's strong sense of community and oneness with nature, and it manages to do it quite well. Never Alone portrays a living world, through spirits, its lore and your interactions with the arctic fox, even in the places where the frosty environment it all takes place in seems to suggest nothingness and death. It's essentially a playable fable, a way through which the old explain the world to the young, seeking to inspire them and help them cope with things beyond their control, and to respect their surroundings.The inspirational story of a little girl saving her village is an overarching theme of human folklore, the hero typology, risking everything for the good of the many, and showing that initiative, empathy and self-sacrifice are the pillars of a healthy and durable community. I would have liked the game to be longer though, because I wanted to find out more about the people and explore the unknown world of their lore further. I respect the fact that the levels don't have too much padding just for the sake of providing a couple more hours of content, but I still would have liked a meatier experience, in the end.The graphics are pretty good, managing to evoke the dark and snowy days of the north pretty well, alongside gusts of wind and more eerie elements such as spirits and the personifications of the northern lights. The artistry is generally pretty good and varied, with decent assets and interesting designs inspired by the culture of the Inupiat. The cut-scenes are especially atmospheric, largely due to the fact that they are entirely narrated in the natives' language, adding to the entire experience. The art direction has a wonderful feel to it, in the sense that it manages to capture a childlike quality when portraying the world, while at the same time possessing some darker undertones that serve the story well.The unlockable insight bits are also nice, they're not too long, so they're entertaining enough without overstaying their welcome, making the whole thing more enthralling than a simple documentary. Overall, the atmosphere and strangeness of the arctic world manage to paint a pretty good picture of the way the Inupiat see their forbidding environment, as a place teeming with life, history and hope, instead of the barren outlook it would have for outsiders.This is far from your average puzzle platformer, as its main audience is not the die-hard old-school fanbase of the genre. Never Alone is first and foremost an educational experience, and this is the standard to which you have to judge it in order to fully appreciate it. It's far from the polished experience some indie developers have delivered in Brad, Trine or Limbo, as it suffers from the occasional glitch and has some control issues.Instead of being all about gameplay, Never Alone is more about telling the very personal story of a people living to honor tradition, being inspired by Alaskan natives folklore and even offering short documentary clips about their life and history. The atmosphere is great and the gameplay is satisfying, albeit with no difficult puzzles, and it's short and has pretty much no replay value. The storyline is interesting and ties in with the gameplay very neatly, and it also offers the option to play cooperatively, with two players each controlling one of the characters.It's a brilliant way to go about edutainment, especially when so many indigenous communities are growing increasingly thin due to the advent of the global digital age and the growing influence of popular culture. The way it's all designed, with gameplay and narration interspersed with relevant background videos exploring the importance of the things you’ve just uncovered, further serves to make the entire experience meaningful and endearing."
,Not Recommended,295790,25734823,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Mykwon,"Well quite frankly, this game should have been awesome: it's beautiful, the cultural insight is interesting and the girl/fox relationship is lovely. The game mechanism borrows a little from ""Brother - A Tale Of Two Sons"" as you have to collaborate to solve puzzles.Unfortunately, it becomes quickly a (really bad) platformer, riddled with bugs. It was clearly not coded by people with gaming experience and you end up failing at simple jumps to restart more and more frustrated every time.The living forest level is a deal breaker and, even if I passed it because I'm stubborn, I was simply not enjoying the game anymore. A game has to be entertaining above all. When the fun goes away, the conclusion comes forward: it's a bad game. End of story."
76561198020085437,Recommended,295790,13000995,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Nokzen,"I enjoyed the story very much through my gameplay, good straight forward platformer here, not too hard and not too easy.Pick this game up if you enjoy a good short Platformer with a nice and out of the ordinary story :)Or heres my Walkthroughhttp://youtu.be/rxkjxMTO8R4"
76561198073820966,Not Recommended,295790,15020192,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,weezyface,"A lot of the reviews here praise this game's cultural significance. But really all the game has are nice visuals, same screen co-op, and a whacky plot... with documentary footage sprinkled into the levels as collectibles.This is a platformer first and foremost, so I'd expect the controls to be tight and responsive, they aren't. All jumps have an unpredictably slight delay and grabbing onto a ledge only works 3 out of 4 times. Jumping backwards is impossible, you have to turn around and then jump.Other than jumping and climbing, there's other issues with gameplay mechanics. Throwing projectiles is a pain, it's an awfully awkward system and it down right doesn't work sometimes - which can be really frustrating when your character's lives depend on it. Moving platforms around is a joyless and slow process later on in the game. Co-op feels underdeveloped, with the work load feeling very one sided, at first the fox character is doing all the work, but towards the end, the female is doing all the work. If it was instead balanced throughout the game, co-op would have been much more fun.Glitches made parts of the game in-completable. Which is what the game feels like, incomplete.I've never been so frustrated playing a game before. The only reason I finished it was because I paid full price for it.If you want a more enjoyable platforming/cultural experience, play a different platformer while simultaneously watching a documentary."
76561197990584569,Recommended,295790,17089581,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,bielak,"I like it when a game, apart from delivering a certain amount of fun and challenge or aesthetical sensations, actually offers me something valuable, something that I can use to broaden my horizins a little, to fill certain gaps in knowledge or give insights into topics I would normally never explore.Kisima Ingitchuna does exactly that. Not only does it look and sound great, but it also brought closer to me a certain culture and places that I may never have a chance to experience in person.Anyway, the review:Graphics- lovely, lively (despite being mostly deserted) setting. Characters are beautifully designed and animated, especially the fox,,, Plenty of little details which indicate that the developers really put their hearts into making the game, like the way the hood falls from the progatonist's head when the wind blows in ther face... The graphics are simple, yet I never felt they lacked refinement. Additionally, despite the locations being often quite similar, I never got the feeling of monotony.Music/ Sound- rather good, I think. The howling of the wind sounds great and its presence nearly everywhere really seems to be one of the factors that create the atmoshpere of the game. The narrator does an excellent job and the music fits the atmosphere very well. Saldy, none of the musical tracks have had a hjuge effect on me and to be honest, I don;t really remember what the music sounded like. It was there, sure enough, and didn't spoil anything but it just wasn't very memorable.Gameplay- nothing groundbraking, really. The game is a rather simple platformer with hardly any puzzles for the player to solve and some co-op content thrown in. Playing solo, like I have, it is no harder to finish the game than if one were to invite a friend to help, which I find a very positive feature. The AI of the companion does what it's supposed to most of the time, albeit the number of places where it is necessary is very limited. The game worked nice with a gamepad, until it decided that both characters should perform exactly the same moves, which inevitably led to one of them falling to their deaths... Still, at least I had the chance to see that mouse + keyboard combo work perfectly fine as wellCharacters/ Story- This is where the game really comes into its own. The story is based on an actual Inuit tale and is a really nice adaptation of a folk tale. The characters are likeable but given that the game is short, there is not much time to see any of their personalities to develop very far.Were you to consider just the above, Never Alone would seem as an average, pretty platformer. But it's far from that. All the parts somehow add up to much more than just a sum of the advantages. The game has some sort of magic that kept me wanting to play on. This charm is defenitely not to be found in the gameplay but rather in the story, characters, the music and the visuals.Apart from the game itself, there are quite a few collectibles, which unlock insights (literally) into the culture and the stories that inspired the game. While in the majority of games I just can't be bothered to look at them, here they felt just as much a vital part of the game as anything else. To be honest, I wish there was more. Much more.In conclusion, I would give the game itself a score of about 7/10. The tangible mechanics, visuals and audio of the game are nothing groundbreaking, although they leave a positive impression. However, the feel of the game, the story and the 'Insights' lift the grade to a final8,5/10."
,Recommended,295790,13013543,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,My name is not important,"Pros:- The story is interesting and well presented.- The art and presentation on the ""lore art"" makes this a pleasant gimmick.- Cute white fox that tags along- CoopCons:- The freaking platforms can get extremely frustrating. Right now I'm stuck at the floating ice area due to glitchy collision detection. Either my character or my companion keep getting stuck on the sides of the crunching platforms, getting bounced off from the corners, turning around and falling into the water, or the companion lingers back just a tiny bit enough to get crushed by the ice.So far, it's a beautifuly presented story, with an obnoxious platform element wedged in.While I do recommend it, I also recommend either having lots of patience or taking your meds before playing."
76561197994396589,Recommended,295790,22785093,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Orzagh,A game I learned things from. An absolutely fantastic way to illustate a beautiful culture.
,Recommended,295790,13001677,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,b1rdn,"Wow... There are so many things going through my head as I finished my playthrough of Never Alone. The biggest one is how the idea of this game was born out of the want to educate people about Native Alaskan culture. Upper One Games, brought into existence, through E-Line Media and Cook Inlet Tribal Council, have managed to produce an amazing and captivating game through stories from a culture most of us don't understand.The first thing to discuss is the art style of Never Alone. Everything from character models to the environments are spectacular. Granted, the cutscenes sometimes took a bit of that sparkle away from the game, but the art while playing is downright gorgeous. I caught myself many times with my mouth wide open and eyes dried up from hardly blinking. The animations help ground you in the game. They are smooth and seamless, yet the characters have weight to their movements, immersing me further into the game. Environments are dynamic and interactive. Riding on trees through the forest, running away from polar bears, and climbing large animated objects give the game an action packed feel.If I were to rate each section of the game serparately, the mechanics might have been rated the lowest. This is not to say the mechanics are bad, but everything else was on another level. The two character puzzle solving mechanic is brilliant, yet I don't think they took it far enough. Most puzzles in the game are one note and very straight forward. I felt like they could have expanded on the difficulty of the puzzles at some point, perhaps requiring more back tracking or more steps in certain puzzles to accomplish that. The game mechanics overall were good though, using the two characters simultaneously to solve puzzles, very interesting platforming, and dynamic environments that require the player to react accordingly. If Upper One Games is going to release a sequel to Never Alone, they need to develop more intricate puzzles.Speaking of a two character puzzle solving team, the lack of character development for Nuna and the fox were actually very positive choices. Even though I'm an almost thirty year old white male, I could easily put myself in Nuna's shoes and feel like I'm the little girl trying to save my village. Sometimes no character development is the best choice for a game and its immersion. I felt a natural bond between the two characters, a friendship that evolves over the game. Words don't have to be spoken between Nuna and the fox, but the bond naturally develops as the player uses both characters to work out puzzles, giving a strong feeling of comradery.Never Alone does a great job progressing the story. There are not many moments where I felt that I wasn't making progress towards something. The story is quick paced, including multiple nemeses, which provide smaller subset stories to the overall story arch.Last but certainly not least is the sound quality in Never Alone. The music and ambient sound is what ties the whole game together. Upper One Games does a great job at setting the mood for whatever is happening on the screen with not just the visual quality but also the audio.Congratulations to Upper One Games, for being the first Native American development company, and for nailing their first project. Hopefully we will see more high quality games coming from this company, albiet maybe a tad bit longer next time eh? :) Overall, you should definitely play this game, it finishes around 3 - 4 hours which might make the price too steep for the hours you will get out of the game. I gaurantee that those few hours will be a blast though."
,Recommended,295790,25421474,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Zargos,Beautiful game. Beautiful art style. Beautiful story.
,Not Recommended,295790,20858240,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,ShortyDevil,"A game made with love, that I can not recommend.The premise of the game is pretty interesting, we're presented with Alaskan indigenous stories in a playable form, with a cute little fox as our companion. The start of the game is great, a (very) young huntress tries to find the reason of a storm that has been active in the area for quite alot, to end it before her village dies of hunger, because they can't hunt like that.You walk, find a fox, and walk to the right, and walk a bit more, and a cutscene appears; occasionally the narrator tells you what's going on, and that's about it.The platform parts were tedious; from what I recall, the fox has a mystical connection with spirits , and when he approaches them, they turn material and move to help our little protagonist, but they move slowly and you'll find yourself falling quite more times than you'd like to admit, the movable objects and puzzles are tedious and slow, you'll fail and get a bit angry because you wasted 1 minute just pushing a stick, and when you complete the puzzles you don't feel great, it's just like, ""ok"", I don't know how to explain this.After some time walking and walking and jumping you find your weapon, the ""bola"". To use it you have to use the right stick of your controller in a very weird way; I found it extremely inprecise and tedious; the first boss is just walking right and ocasionally hitting small fences that he creates of snow with your bola. VERY TEDIOUS and not rewarding at all, because of the horrible controls of the bola. I decided to quit the game because I wasn't really entertained.I have to admit, the videos are pretty cool and you learn more about their civilization, you can see how the developers put lots of love in the game, and care. But the game per-sé is not enjoyable, in my opinion."
76561198252407102,Recommended,295790,26429229,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Hynye(高考AFK 忙里偷闲),"Don't play this game alone,I'm serious.Not only for its name ""Never Alone"", but also for the gaming experience."
76561198004802894,Not Recommended,295790,13021334,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,bodiroga,"I really wanted to like this. After reading the reviews I really thought I’d like it. This seemed to be exactly  my kind of game, having liked the likes of Ico, Brothers, Limbo…And at first I did. It looks beautiful and charming, the plot is engaging enough and I liked the characters.Unfortunately the execution is lacking in other areas. In their defense, the developpers made it hard for themselves, with 2 characters to control, blizzard constantly messing with your movements, and many chase situations requiring fast reaction. It could either be a great game, or a very frustrating one. I'm sad to say it's the latter.Movements are floaty and awkward. Momentum doesn't exist whenever wind is involved (when the wind stops you just stop) but does for certain moving platforms. It's pretty hard to predict where you're going to land, and there's almost no air control, making some areas very hard for no good reason. Many animations have a crazy recovery time for a platformer. The AI sometimes messes up in frustrating and unfair ways.All of these elements combine to make a very frustrating game. As much as I wanted to enjoy the plot, and the atmosphere, the gameplay ruined it for me."
,Recommended,295790,13002695,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,OBookman,"I normally dont like platform games, so I bought the game to just support the creators and the culture behind it, but the cultural content is so interesting that I keep playing it just to learn more. Also the musics and graphics are really really cute."
,Recommended,295790,13042865,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,pluse37,"I think Never Alone will be one of the Indie gems of 2014.  Fans of story-rich games and /or platformers should find something to like here.The story, while on its own interesting, is heightened by its connection to the Iñupiat people and their culture.  The short videos you unlock as you progress strengthen that connection and transform the game into a quasi-documentary.  It’s clear the devs intended the game and videos to be viewed simultaneously and make it very easy to do so while in game.The gameplay and platforming is ok, not great.  There is certainly some originality in the use of the fox, animal spirits and the wind/blizzard.  The controls are good enough to get by but aren’t always as tight you need them to be, particularly in the faster areas of the game.  But those were few and I never got stuck on any area for longer than a couple of minutes.All in all, I’d recommend.  It’s a short game, 3-4 hrs, but feels like you get more out of it than the relatively low time investment would suggest.  And I found the graphics and art direction to be gorgeous.  It’s bleak, colorful when it needs to be, and you’ll feel a chill as you trudge through the snow and blizzard."
76561198082849842,Not Recommended,295790,14672920,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Requiemsfire,"When I bought this game on sale, I wanted to love this game. I thought this would be an enchanting adventure with wonderful lore and scenery with decent gameplay. However upon entering the game I've come to realize that simple things such as pressing the space bar is incredibly unresponsive. When I go to jump there'll be a delay. On top of that I am now stuck on the second level because for some reason after 30+ attempts at trying to climb the fox still fails to achieve this. Possibly due to the controls.(Or maybe I'm just sucking that badly). But on top of that I have located a bug that causes me to fall through the world sometimes when I attempt to climb. It got me on my only successful attempt too. ;~;All and all, I really did want to be immersed into this game and I am still hoping I will but controls and the responsiveness has ruined that experience with frustration. Maybe someday I will be able to enjoy it to the fullest extent but for now I cannot reccomend a unresponsive game."
76561198028481484,Recommended,295790,13519460,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,mom?,"Oh my goodness gracious, I learned things about a culture outside of my own. And I enjoyed every minute of it.My only gripe is that sometimes the A.I. partner can be stupider than a sock full of sawdust and run into the path of oncoming disaster. Or just toss themselves off the nearest ledge for no good reason at all.Aside from that, it's a wonderful game with roots tied in a deep and vibrant culture. The collectible videos are pretty much a mini-documentary, but that's not something I'd really complain about.To keep itshort, it's beautifully designed, the story is nothing short of simple and sweet, and it touches base on some issues concerning today's world as a whole. Yay learning."
76561198011423424,Recommended,295790,32754324,Posted: 24 June,all,[6FU]^1pvt140th,This game is short. Can be finished in about 3-4 hours.  I got it on sale for $2. The controls can be a bit floaty at times but it's rather relaxing and you learn about Inuit culture.
,Not Recommended,295790,23464945,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,BKN7,"Unique story and concept, unfortunately let down by clunky gameplay mechanics and poor AI for single players. Not worth the pricetag for a 3hr expirience."
,Recommended,295790,13022740,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,MarsShadow,"Never Alone (Kisima Ingitchuna) is a game I wasreallylooking forward to playing since it's announcement. The concept really intrigued me and the game looked goddamn gorgeous. After finishing it, I believe I've got my money's worth, but it does leave some to be desired.Yays:-I actually learned something while playing, and you will too. The Alaskan Native culture is fascinating to learn about. The game features short unlockable videos called ""Cultural Insights"" that serve as a mini-documentary about the people's culture, beliefs, and way of living. It teaches us how they believe that everything on Earth has a spirit, how they pass down stories from generations, and even how awesome having an Arctic Fox as a pet is.-The game's presentation and visuals are beautiful. For a game made on the Unity Engine, it's amazing to look at. While the game has a slightly cartoon-ish feel to it, the frozen lands of Alaska look wonderful. The sylization of the cutscenes are also great. In any other game I'd say it looked cheap, however in this game it's justified. You can see why when playing it.-That fox, man, I mean. Dude, I want one.-Puzzles aren't very unfair or cheap. You probably won't ever be stuck on a puzzle during your playthrough.Neighs:-Options are limited. No rebindable keys or graphics settings outside of ""Low, Medium, and High"" but for a 2D platformer, it's more forgivable.-Jumping can be a little wonky at times. Sometimes, even when you're sure you nailed a jump your character will still grab onto the ledge first and pull herself up.-The game was pretty clearly designed for two players, while most of the game works fine without two people, several parts near the end feel like a flustercluck of keeping track your two characters.-AI is kind of dumb. They do a fair enough job of following you, but they can sometimes take too long to move, resulting in their demise.-Very short experience, although your times may vary. I completed it in three hours while I've seen major sites take around four to six.Overall, Never Alone is a very solid debut title for these developers and, hopefully, the start of an amazing new genre of video games. You're probably going to have a good time with it."
,Recommended,295790,32331791,Posted: 10 June,all,Mr Chow,Excellent game with insightful and educational short clips about the native Alaskan people and their culture. Some of the controls during gameplay are a bit clunky at times (At least on keyboard) but overall it doesn't interfere with gameplay.
76561198201138895,Recommended,295790,25259038,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,BReal,"This is a beautiful game; the art, music, and narration are all aesthetically wonderful. But where the game truly shines is in its intended purpose: to share aspects of Alaska Native cultures through an Iñupiat story. The game follows a young girl and an arctic fox on a quest to find the source of a blizzard covering her village. Along the way we're introduced to themes and traditions found in Iñupiat stories and culture, and the achievement system rewards the player with mini-documentaries to explain them. As a video game, it is a truly unique way to experience another culture.Unfortunately, some of the game play is extremely frustrating. As a 2D side-scroller, the player is tasked with navigating different kinds of obstacles by swapping back and forth between the protagonists. But how one is to go about this isn't always clear, and in a few instances, I had to die several times before I could figure out what the game wanted me to do and then several more before I could actually do it. The latter part might have to do with me not really enjoying platformers, going all the way back to Super Mario Bros., and perhaps that's simply because they require more dexterity than I'm gifted at. Plus, the game can (and is clearly meant to) be played cooperatively, with a player each controlling the girl and the fox. Also, the PC version requires the use of the keyboard and mouse, when a controller would work much better. I have a Steam Controller but couldn't assign actions to all the buttons--though that's not necessarily a critique of the game, which is now on the Wii U, Playstation 3 and 4, and XBox One (as well as digital devices)."
76561198069735211,Not Recommended,295790,21197546,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,DaHotFuzz,"Never Alone is a generally repetetive platformer with a short but sweet narrative surrounding an Alaskan Native girl accompanied by her arctic fox in search of the source of a blizzard.  You collect what are called cultural insights as you progress which teach you about the lives of this Alaskan tribe in the form of educational videos.  Unfortunately, this was the only seriously interesting thing about the game. I enjoyed the knowledge about a tribe I haven't heard of before.While I liked the direction the game wanted to go in, it was just plagued by clunky controls and at times, terrible level design that made playing very frustrating.  Manuevering between characters at points was awkward and it didn't help that every enemy killed you instantly.  I appreciate the effort put into this but it simply fell short. Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons would be my recommendation for a similar but more polished and enjoyable experience."
,Recommended,295790,13006297,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Messofanego,"A Girl And Her Fox versus the ArcticAbsolutely wonderful. 3 hours long but it's varied throughout with one seriously epic finale that might remind of Shadow of the Colossus. The mechanics and setting make it a refreshing experience. There is a crazy plot twist that changes the gameplay significantly. Easily recommended if you're into a beautiful, awe-inspiring, and really challenging platformer. By challenging, I mean testing you on everything you've learned with quick timing towards the latter parts of the game. This isn't quite as breezy as Brothers or Journey.It's a strong tale of courage to seek serenity in a harsh world full of spirits, blizzards, and along with the best and worst of humankind. What makes it more impressive to me is how the original character for the fable is meant to be a boy but here it's a girl and she's just a strong inspirational hero that doesn't get nerfed because of some plot convenience and isn't subservient to others.Sometimes the AI can be a bit wonky, but you can manually switch between both the girl and the fox instantaneously. If you have friends/family/relative/significant other, I'd recommend playing with them as you hear them shriek at the challenges and chases like I did with my sister :DGorgeous is an understatement, coming from a small game made in Unity. The snow, wind, and ice effects along with the foley made me feel subconsciously a bit colder as I was playing. The narration during gameplay reminded me of Bastion, and if you're into games like Brothers, Limbo, or other cinematic platformers that have cool animations but can be a bit trial-and-error, check it out.I would love more interactive tales that explore other cultures' mythos and fairy tales."
76561198155199459,Recommended,295790,32675090,Posted: 23 June,all,Albiny,"Love everything about it, the storyline, the art, and the soundtrack!"
,Recommended,295790,14269311,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,dpi.erico [TF2 Odds Collector],"This game is meant to be played for the storyline and cultural knowledge. It gives you a glance into a culture you are most likely not familiar with (I wasn't either), namely an Alaskan Native people, called the Iñupiat.As you play through this game, you find yourself listening to a storyteller speaking in their native language, telling you a story about a terrible blizzard. You set out to explore its origin, accompanied by an arctic fox, as the protagonist of this intruiging story, as it is being told.On the way you will be confronted with a series of challenges, in a world that is stunningly portrayed and supported by beautiful music.And one more thing in particular that makes this game so fantastic to play (if you have interest in such things), are the videoclips you unlock as you progress. It's like watching a Discovery Channel documentary, where the commercial breaks are replaced by well-crafted platformer puzzles you have to solve!For me the only downside was how short this game was, because it takes ~3 hours to 100% this game, and it doesn't have a high replayability after that. But it's definitely worth the experience if the above interests you!"
,Recommended,295790,13008905,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,SingaCrafta,"Never Alone is a Amazing artistic game with a simple yet effective story.Now the game play is fun BUT its kinda ""wonky"" its not as smooth as i though it would be. When i jump it takes from 1 to 1.5 secends to jump( not all the times, just sometimes), and sometimes i land on a platform that has no landing box, but when i do the jump again i land on it perfectly and stuff like that.Now the culture features added on the game was a really nice touch and enjoyable.If they fix the gameplay it would be a 10/10 but ill rate it for now a 7/10 cause the gameplay is a big part of the game.Other then that, really really nice work (to the developing team): animation, art, story and features were all good."
,Recommended,295790,13013501,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Captain Will,"A charming game that delivers cultural knowledges in a great way.Some sequences can be a little bit too difficult, but it's not a big deal.Congrats to the developers :)"
76561198125756489,Not Recommended,295790,31311839,Posted: 22 April,all,Radiance,"Characters are difficult to control and too frustrating to play by yourself, since whatever character you aren't controling often lags behind or misses jumps, causing you to die and have to return to the check point. Aiming the projectile is mostly guesswork, as you can't actually see where it travels. The environment moves around a lot too and some pieces wont spawn at first, leading you to believe you need to attemp a jump you wont make. Something is off about the way the spirit things move; I think it's meant to be stylistic, but it clashes with the rest of the playable environment making it hard to figure out how you're suppose to interact with them.You might be reminded of games like Limbo when you're thinking of purchasing this, but the atmostphere is much less interesting. You don't get information from the scenery; it's just snow. The story is told purely through naration. Also, I thought there would be more cute scenes between the girl and fox, but they hardly interact."
76561198007300752,Recommended,295790,28657570,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Blackadar,"Tl;dr version:There's good and bad with this game. It doesn't reach the heights of LIMBO due to the controls but isn't too bad. Buy on sale.Long version:At its core the game is a platformer with a lovely graphical design, an interesting premise and slightly mushy controls.The game is a joy to behold and that's the #1 thing it has going for it. The art style is beautiful and that carries over to the environments, characters and so forth. The premise - using native folklore - to traverse this beautiful world is also endearing. If you want there are a number of movies in the game that help you better learn the way of life and the lore behind this story. Frankly, I skipped those parts because I was not all that interested. I may very well go back and watch those videos later but I felt they interruped the core gameplay too much.So...beautiful game, interesting premise, a chance to learn about another culture...is there a downside?It's the gameplay that's a little bit of a downer. The controls - even on a 360 controller - aren't tight as they are in LIMBO. If I died in LIMBO it was always due to my own fault. Here, I died quite a few times due to the controls being mushy. You control two characters for most of the story and one is often dependent upon the other. Yet this other will sometimes drift away and thus you die due to no fault of your own. The bola controls are truly hideous.The other downside of the game is that it's quite short. I finished the game in 2.6 hours and I'm not particularly good at these kinds of games. Because Never Alone doesn't have the same kind of emotional impact as something like LIMBO, I don't see any replayability in this title either so those 2.6 hours - unless I go back and watch the videos - are all that's going to be there. That's not very good for a game that sells for $15.However, I bought it on sale at 80% off and at $2.99 it was worth the money. At full price I would be ticked off because there's not enough value here. On a sale that's above 50% off, it's worth your time.Edit - Went back and watched a couple of the videos. They're not bad (a bit preachy) but nothing particualrly special."
76561198086540846,Recommended,295790,13033415,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,nik,Animation and story are wonderful but contolls is really awful. I'm using gamepad. Platformer game usally require high accuracy and this game is not exception. But you just can't get accuracy in this game. So you again and again fail trying to pass  simpliest pazzles just because you can't accuratly control game character. The game is good but require greate patience.
,Not Recommended,295790,30336985,Posted: 5 March,all,that's what she said,"While I can appreciate some cultural insights into alaskian folklore this game provides, I cannot appreciate sluggish unresponsive platformer with primitive puzzles and bland uninspired gameplay. I'd dismiss being boring game if it had something new to say. But there is no message and no subsistence - the game uses it's rich background only as cardboard cutout scenery. All that's left is it's mediocre game wrapped in average visuals and sounds.Also it's 3 hours long, and even at those 3 hours half of the game is 'run away from <insert badguy here>'. All other content is simplistic puzzles and high quality videos of talking heads. Foxtales is another boring hour."
76561198191461005,Not Recommended,295790,25021549,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Lexi_Luther,"The game has incredible artwork and storytelling and is certainly a work of art.  However, I struggled to actually play it because of the glitches in the game, such as your companion/AI/NPC/whatever you want to call it dying by not jumping (or somehing similar) causing you to have to replay levels over and over again.  Not fun.  I really wanted to like it, but it was simply too annoying to have to deal with such glitches."
,Recommended,295790,13035724,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Moonie,"Honestly, truely amazing, the story line is amazing.I love having the ability to switch between two characters that have different roles.The way the physics work with the wind is an amazing idea.Best of all about this game, the cutest animal I've seen... The fox.I'd recommend this game for players that like puzzle, adventure side scrollers."
,Not Recommended,295790,20484963,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Arrowofchaos,"This game is not so much a game as a documentary with a game in it to lead you to watch the documentary. And, I'll tell you what, that part is interesting, and the game itself lets you know that. At the end of every level is to remind you to watch the documentary, the game itself is steeped in vague symbolism and strange unexplained details that you'd understand if you (points at) watch the documentary. And that's fine except I was sold a game not a movie.Meanwhile, the game itself is just so incredibly poorly done. The closer you look at it, the more you realise the holes that are in the platforming and the padding pushed into it. For a platformer, the jumping itself should be seamless and the movement (the thing that is the MOST IMPORTANT PART) is jerky, glitchy, and unclear. I died at several puzzles because I just did not know where I was expected to go and, best part, a lot of the time you're timed. I was being chased time and again and I had to take multiple leaps of faith on parts that might've been branches, might not have been. Sometimes a spirit platform would show up, sometimes no. I met my end at the bottom of many cliffs and frozen waters because that game was built on trusting your partner and the mechanics to work like they're supposed to (gusts of wind, platforms appearing out of nowhere)My favorite part was when I was at the penultimate level and I could not get past a particular part not because it was difficult, but Nuna literally, could/would not, grab a hold of a wall at the end of a jump. I slid my face all the way down that wall and into a bed of spikes, and had to redo. In fact, I thought I broke it until I finally made it somehow without changing anything and then had to wrestle with the same pit of spikes but on a /higher/ leverage. You are never taught your limits because those limits were always changing. It was buggy and long, and i hope you liked doing it the first time because you're gonna have to do it a second time.So, the short of it is, for a documentary, its wonderfully researched and very informative. As a game, I never before had so much frustration in one thing that I had to put it into words and now I guess I'm publishing it."
76561198067301935,Recommended,295790,13009585,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Aisamai,"tl;dr - Purchase this game and prepare to be enlightened.Really, it's a good game. I mean, just to begin with, the only negative reviews are either that the AI derped out on a more complicated platforming part, or that you can't change the keyboard's key bindings (by the way, you can take direct control of the AI for complex parts and you can change the key bindings).Never Alone is a really pretty platformer that tells an old Inpiaq (I think I spelled it right?) tale about a young girl who ventures forth into an endless blizzard with the intent of finding it's source and stopping it. The game itself is neat - Basically it's a story being told, all with really nice art and optional educational film clips you can unlock, and the story is even nice enough to let you do puzzles so you don't get bored.I wish it was longer, but honestly I'm okay with what I bought. If that price tag scares you, grab it on a sale."
,Recommended,295790,13010439,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Antix5280,"This game has been patently fantastic. The cultural insights that are unlocked throughout, along with single and cooperative play have been immensely entertaining and edifying. There are very rare and minor quirks in some of the physics inside the Unity engine, but overall the gameplay is absolutely solid and seamless. The art direction is superb. The story is gratifying and engrossing. The price point can't be beat. If this game isn't already in your library, you've done something horribly wrong.May I suggest fixing it immediately?"
,Not Recommended,295790,14716032,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,cocaine makes grandpa horny,"I was really keen on playing this game, I couldn't wait to give it a go!It has a really unique atmospher to it, the story and character designs are beautiful and the part I love most is how it also educates you with Alaska Native stories, which relate to what part you're playing in Never Alone, the more you progress through it, the more interesting cultural insights you unlock! You don't see much games like this, which is why it's pretty sweet to play something different.But unfortunately, to me, it has more negatives than positives such as having unresponsive controls, which is absolutely frustrating to deal with since you have to switch between two different characters fairly quickly at most parts. When one of them has been attacked, you instantly die - it'd be nice if you had a chance to at least get back up and try again instead of just dying and going straight to the last checkpoint (this annoys me a lot mostly because having pretty unresponsive controls and constantly dying in one hit tends to result in repeating that certain part a few times). Controlling the Bola can be difficult because it doesn't aim properly most of the time, you have to click the right spot for it to not bug up the aim; speaking of bugging up the aim, there's a fair amount of bugs in this game that definitely need to be fixed, the game bugged a few times for me when I jumped onto the ground or onto a wall then suddenly died or became glitched in a spot (using the Artic Fox, unsure about Nuna though).Probably playing local co-op would be best.(Sorry if I didn't word this review properly, it was hard to put in words)"
,Not Recommended,295790,23385324,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,sonderkraftfahrzeug,"Honestly it is a beautiful platformer but the gameplay is awful and the game has tons of bugs. From failure to grab on to playforms, to switching to your sidekick fox. I would not recommend this, if you want to play a pretty platformer that is actually good - go play Limbo"
76561198329862984,Not Recommended,295790,26283206,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,ArgyleNinja87,"I love the story, art style, well-designed puzzles and the fact it it taught me about a culture I would have otherwise known nothing about. However, really wonky jumping controls, and the ""boss"" encounters which consist of running away from enemies while attempting to use bolas that control terribly, make the game extremely frustrating to progress further in. Tighter controls really would have turned this into a positive review.If you manage to pick it up relatively cheaply, or don't think the controls will be overly bothersome to you, it could be worth it if you enjoy learning about cultures and appreciate great art style."
76561198022820771,Recommended,295790,13174740,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,SocioPsycho,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Zb0a9iVZYs&list=UU7_-PLIhjsEBwIQXqKxmNpANever Alone is a cultural art/game/story platformer.  The game is basedon a story from the natives of Northern Alaska, passed down through video gameformat.  Overall the game runs smoothly, with a beautiful atmosphere conveyedthrough visually appealing graphics.The game is rich with traditional Northern Alaskan culture, with beautifulvisuals and music that captures the atmosphere perfectly.  There are also 'culturalinsights'; little clips you can unlock throughout the game that sheds somelight onto the native community and culture.The platforming element of the game is done well.  As this game isavailable to be played co-op, the challenges are scaled up to make itchallenging enough for two, so  playing the game as a single player can beeven more challenging.  You sometimes need to switch between the maincharacter and the companion, which does necessitate going slightly slowerin order to go back and forth between characters.The game has a unique atmosphere, and while it is challenging, I didn'tfind it to be repetitive or unfair.  The balance between usage of mechanics andlength of the game was done very well.  The atmosphere, story, and environment are woven together in an artistic, well done way, making this a game thatis easy to recommend.This is a summary of my review video, which I encourage you towatch if you are looking for a more in-depth review.Thanks for your viewership and support; for more videos check click here.http://www.youtube.com/user/SocioPyscho"
,Recommended,295790,33577462,Posted: 15 July,all,obCESsed,"Beautiful game. It's not a long game but can be very challenging at times. I was able to complete the game in about 3 hours. Everything about the game including storyline, art, music, concept, are all beautifully executed. It's worth the playthrough. It will leave you with quite the journey including emotionally!"
,Recommended,295790,23475438,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,MaeSoi,"Really nice puzzle platformer sharing and celebrating an otherwise unexplored culture in videogames. The story is nice and the additional documentaries/ unlocks are great. The visuals are pretty and smart and the environment feels alive. Had great fun playing this co-op with two controllers. The game was decent and cute enough to laugh at minor technical glicthes (unresponsive AI, fiddly aiming). I laughed more than I should have whenever me or my co-op partner died because the character response animations are just so dramatic but adorable. Highly recommend playing co-op.Too bad it is sooo short."
,Recommended,295790,33052500,Posted: 30 June,all,Oapaso,"I have never done a review before, but i had to do it.Probably one of my favorite, its an amazing game.The game is fluid, a nice gameplay as well and mostly veryyyy lovely design and graphics.There is a very interesting story, by playing this puzzle platformer, you unlock a few little documentaries, which you can watch and you will learn a lot of interessant things about the Inupiat culture, folk and generally about their living style. You'll enter in a completely unknown world which is awesome, full of myths and loveable legends.Story and soundtracks were really enjoyable.The gameplay is sometimes laggy, there is a few glitches that make the game weird or hard but it's rare, nothing really annoying for me.I definitely recommend this game to any person that want to relax and have a cool moment in a nice ""little"" game (it's not a game you play 5 times).Overall, I rate it 9,5/10."
76561197974105367,Recommended,295790,13023413,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,METAL,"do not expect an amazing story. it is more a bedtime story with integrated interviews from alaskan natives talking about their lives, cultures, believes, lifestyle, music, community and legends. so as the weather and the animals that inhabit this cold land.a very beautiful looking game and very educational about the life of the natives in alaska. finding the owl(s) throughout the levels that unlock short interviews is always a pleasure to watch them immediately and learn more about the natives.it is a short game (took me over 3 hours and that is with watching the interviews) but certainly a beautiful casual game, i think is worth the asking price.the only bad thing about it is that you can not customize the controls. it is frustrating at certain places that led me to countless deaths."
,Recommended,295790,13011716,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,mirui987,"Though I'm not one to usually play many platforming or puzzle games I must say that this game has skillfully carved itself a place in my heart. Though there are a few bugs and glitches present in the game that one will come across ever now and then, those can easily be overlooked by focusing on the true shing point of this game: being able to learn and experinece a unique culture of Alaska.I would always watch the cultural insighs as son as they appeared with unwavering attention and wouldn't notice the smile on my face until after they ended, as I wanted to experience so much more. The narratation by the elder was soothing to listen to, narrated in his native tongue, yet it felt as if every word was immidiatley understood even without the subtitltles just by the emotion that was behind it.This game is one of my favorites and I will be sure to find myself coming to it again and again to fall in love with the beautifully-crafted story."
76561198064832309,Not Recommended,295790,17322195,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Moldovahkiin,"Very charming and somewhat worth it for the story (depending on how important gameplay is to you). However, difficult controls and stupid AI make this a very difficult game to enjoy to its fullest."
76561198119453992,Recommended,295790,32800736,Posted: 25 June,all,Kogitsune,"Ohhhh my gosh! I've had this game on my wishlist for 2 years and I wish I had bought it sooner.I only just started playing, but i couldnt put it down!The achievement 'Highs and Lows' MADE ME CRY! HOW COULD YOU FREAKING DO THAT TO MY HEART MAN!!!??!I had to stop at that point. My heart cant take this kind of pain. Especially at 1am."
,Not Recommended,295790,25747448,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Justin Case,"This game has very beautiful visuals and the setting is awesome. Gameplay end up being mostly a loop of trial and error. Controlling the characters are hideous and the responsiveness and overall feel of the platforming is the games greatest weakness as it stands. The many bugs does not complement this further. I Definitely reccomend playing co-op with another human, as the really questionable and suecidal AI makes the game very frustrating.The DLC was something different though. Same gameplay, but the new story introduces elements of horror and a whole new level of fear that were not in the main game #Worth."
,Not Recommended,295790,19489141,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Sejmet,"I don't wanna say this, but I played 37 minutes this game and I found some big critical bugs. I like this game, is really cool, the story, the idea... but, only in 37 minutes the fox fly thought the air severals time. the fox stuck with the wood, jump from everywhere. Is really ugly and disappointed.I don't know if I recommend this game, I think yes but there are many bugs that make me writing this and not playing the game...Maybe all of you don't find the bugs because I usually try to do rare things in the games... But during the development progress, there wasn't any tester that find this easy things? Maybe don't deserve this money."
,Recommended,295790,13012738,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,elasticdemand,"Lovely art design, story, atmosphere, characters, animations and extras. Broken platforming, puzzling, and partner AI. Worth playing for the history lessons alone."
76561198003024333,Recommended,295790,13013401,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Magic Juan,"I really enjoyed the art style of this game, being from Alaska myself I enjoyed playing this game and learning more about one of the cultures that share this beautiful land with me.  The gameplay it self is pretty simple platformer style stuff.  Being able to control two character is pretty fun, though I'm guessing playing with someone co-op would be rather enjoyable too, if not more so.  it's a fairly short game but it's a nice story and like I said the art is really nice, as you play you unlock short videos that show various Inupiak people talking about thier culture or stories, very cool."
,Recommended,295790,13014516,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,That Native Guy,"Being born and raised in Fairbanks, Alaska and growing up on hearing differnt Alaskan Native stories and seeing them come to life in the very beutiful/detailed game. I highly recommend playing this game!"
,Recommended,295790,32828764,Posted: 26 June,all,coolharsh55,"Never Alone, also known as Kisima Inŋitchuŋa, tells the story of an Iñupiaq (ethnic Alaskan natives) girl named Nuna, and her fox companion. The game allows controlling the two characters individually, and is a platform puzzler. The game is notable for combining a traditional cultural story into a video game layered with authentic artwork and narrated in the native tongue. There are several in-game videos that can be unlocked to know more about the cultural background of elements found throughout the game. Though the gameplay feels somewhat unpolished, the overall experience is that of an interactive story, and is rewarding as a co-op adventure. The entire array of narration, artwork, and design lends an amazing credibility to the story and feels authentic. It somewhat reminded me of Studio Ghibli in a very distant way. The puzzles are interesting, but not the focus of the story. Playing them is one way to enjoy the story rather than simply click to move forward. There is a DLC called Fox Tales, which follows another short adventure with the same characters, and is as enjoyable as the first.This review was first posted athttps://harshp.com/blog/series/video-games/never-alone"
,Recommended,295790,34064560,Posted: 6 August,all,Mithras O_+,Never Alone - a fun little 3d side scroller based around Alaskan Folklore.Pros:> Game looks Beautiful all round> Gameplay is simple and easy to pick up and play> Interesting Story and enemiesCons:> Could be considered pretty one dimensional but arent all side scrollers?A very pretty and insightful side scroller that is worh a playthrough if you can get it on sale6/10
,Not Recommended,295790,26227863,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,jamiewitt1,"What could have been an enchanting game to rival the likes of Braid and Limbo instead becomes quickly dragged down by poor gameplay and a host of bugs and glitches which break the immersion of an otherwise beautiful and well-reaized world. In any other game this wouldn't be quite so tragic but for the promise of the game it leaves behind. The gameplay itself, leaving aside the technical shortcomings and controls, also gets very reptitive and loses it's imagination very quickly - unforgiveable for a game that seeks to invoke an imaginative and magical world and setting.I gave the game as best a chance I could and saw it through to the end, in the hopes that as is the case sometimes these issues can be ignored if the other elements of the game shine brightly enough. But here, unfortuantely, they are just too frustrating and obtrusive, like trying to view a beautiful painting through a broken kaleidoscope."
76561198287966307,Recommended,295790,35028997,Posted: 17 September,all,Serenity :),"Lovely little game, short but sweet. Beautiful imagery."
,Recommended,295790,13015058,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Aria,"A very good game, that has elements of inspiring people to understand more about the effects of climate change. Very heartwarming if played with another friend through local co-op. If played alone, Its a linear platform game, but by no means its boring, it has interesting videos to tell you more about alaskan culture and their stories. Good game to buy."
,Recommended,295790,26077159,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,DinZik,I really like this game. She beautifully describes the tribe and its customs. The story plot really touches the soul.
,Recommended,295790,17361712,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,amok,"DOCO: Never Alone isn't just ""small girl and her fluffy friend go on an endearing adventure"". It's also a documentary short film about traditional Iñupiat culture. Iñupiat folklore has some beautiful (and perhaps wise) concepts concerning harmony with nature, and while, like me, you may not find all the film clips interesting, some definitely are. I enjoyed the anecdotal segments especially. Also, the mythological segments (although Ioriginallyintended to skip them) do add meaning to the games highly fantastical story.FEELS: I was surprised how quickly and deeply I engaged with the characters. I think cuteness lead to empathy and empathy lead to tension. Some utterances potentially overheard by my neighbours included ""NO....... NO.............."", ""WHAT THE ACTUAL ♥♥♥♥"", and ""CLIMB LITTLE FOX, CLIMB!"". The swift, brutal deaths, magnified by your companions heartbreaking reaction, are a little disturbing and slightly guilt inducing, for me evoking slight semblance toLIMBO, except more family friendly.GAMEPLAY/PUZZLES: Speaking of LIMBO, Never Alone iswaymore puzzle-platformer than I was expecting; and I found the specific puzzle design more frustrating than engaging, particularly in the second half as the platforming puzzles became increasingly time limited. I died and retried a lot at some points, often left asking ""but where am I supposed togo?"". From a design perspective, I like puzzles, and I like intense chase scenes, but I dislike when the two are combined and I'm not given sufficient direction or time to ponder an obstacle. I suspect I could have benefited a lot from the local co-op mode, had I had a foxy friend free for furry frolicing.Edit: After playingValiant Hearts: The Great War, the gameplay and controls in Never Alone could only be seen as ""average""; not terrible but not mind blowing either. They are tertiary to the games cuteness and mythology, and would not be satisfactory if it were any longer.PRICE: Another potential neg is $15 USD may be a little high for a 3 hour game, according to Steamland precedent. I personally picked it up on sale and feel I paid an appropriate sum o' dosh.Above caveats notwithstanding, I'm recommending this because I feel it's one of thosesomewhatwell executed, short & sweet little indies which don't come along too often."
,Not Recommended,295790,29018450,Posted: 4 January,all,Goo,"I don't understand why this game got so trendy. The graphics are ok and it's a good thing to spread such a nice folk lore, but there are so many downsides that I regreted buying this.It's buggy, sometimes your partner dies because de AI can't handle a simple jump over the water, or you get stuck and just after you die, the game shows you a hint.Character animations are sloppy, controls are bad the game is far from challenging. Maybe i'm just not the target."
76561198064510526,Not Recommended,295790,25816363,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,whaleinwhite,"It's a beautiful game with a beautiful story, but the controls are so bad it's barely playable. Jumping is irregular, running feels unrewarding, usage of bola is just terrible and unintuitive, and the game never realy tells you how to use them.On top of that, due to weird loading mechanism I skipped a part of the story - as I died at the end of the level segment and was magically teleported to the next cutscene instead of getting another try...I was waiting to play this game for a long time now and I would love to enjoy it, but unfortunatelly I can't."
76561198045578014,Recommended,295790,32875534,Posted: 27 June,all,amarillia,"I played few hours with the game and so far it is interesting. I am a casual player, the graphics are nice, the story is interesting, I would recommend it."
76561198005226319,Recommended,295790,31955080,Posted: 25 May,all,Revan Dawnstar,"This game is beautiful.  The artwork is lovely.  The cultural clips you can find have some really neat information.  The story and the way it is told is a nod to the culture and quite well done I thought.I have only played this is single player mode, so I can't comment on coop mode yet.  As others have said, sometimes movement/placemet of your character will make the AI of your companion move/walk to their death, which also results in your death.  That can be very annoying.  Sometimes switching between characters while having to fight or traverse through an area can be a bit annoying as well, but it's doable.  I haven't had any bugs/game breaking issues at this point in time.Overall, I have enjoyed it."
,Recommended,295790,29278943,Posted: 15 January,all,Dravvad,"Never Alone turned out to be an unexpectedly powerful game to me, despite some weaknesses in the controls and mechanics.The main purpose of Never Alone is to paint some images of Iñupiat folklore and culture. The Iñupiat are an Alaskan Native group of people, and some of the developers of the game involved are actual members of the culture, with stories throughout the generations being passed down.Nuna and Fox, a little girl and an actual fox, are setting out to learn what is behind a blizzard that is destroying her family's village. To play their adventure, you control both of them, or can play co-op with someone else.In order to get around, the game is a 2.5D platformer, with some pretty nice graphics for nature and beings you come across. Most parts of the gameplay are nothing that new for platformers, as you switch back and forth between the characters to use a small number of unique abilities - i.e., Fox can wall-run and wall-jump, while Nuna can move objects or throw a bola (a netting of stones), to name a couple.Most of your time is spent solving little puzzles to move forward. Many are easy, as they just involve having one of the two characters get to a place the other can't, then opening a path. Though there are some more unique challenges here and there to get through, such as non-material platforms that can be moved around with special capabilities. At a few points in time, the game also has some chase scenes which are enjoyable, but later ones in the game get to be a little picky and the flaws of the game's mechanics show up there a lot.Speaking of, let's get into the gameplay flaws. While you should be able to complete the game in a few hours and not have that many problems, there are definitely a handful of places in the game where you will suddenly get angry. Certain places in the game require perfect jumping with the winds, for instance. But the game seemed to be inconsistent with the physics. You will clearly see when the wind is blowing in one direction or another, but sometimes the game will still keep the physics of the wind direction even when no wind is moving along the screen. When that happens, it will easily lead to you falling down, sometimes to your death.The reliability of moving along the platforms is also finicky at best. Sometimes the character will glitch out and act as if they can't grab the ledge, usually ending with their death again. And even worse, the AI (whichever character you are not controlling at the time) will follow you along on its own, but sometimes move or jump at the wrong time, causing itself to die and making you restart a section.I definitely got more frustrated as the game went along with the above issues happening more often, especially in slightly more challenging sections. Nevertheless, I was able to push along and still complete the game. Even the most glitchy sections did not hold me back that long.But the only reason I did the above was what I mentioned at the beginning - the folklore, culture, and style. I believe that the developers made the game efficient in showcasing that, but by also making it connected as a game. It is not like you are just sitting and watching a documentary. Which is funny, because as you play the game, you unlock ""Insight"" collectibles, which are actually videos of developers, Iñupiat family members, and other people being interviewed about the game and the culture. Some clips and photos also show the areas of Alaska in modern times as well as from mid/late 1900's, it seems.And yet I never felt bored or like I was just sitting through information. In fact, I felt emotionally attached to the story. So, I recommend Never Alone for a more unique style of game wearing the outfit of a traditional platformer."
,Recommended,295790,28097138,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,🐰 Siegfried ✠,Sweet little fairy tale about the friendship of a little inuit girl and a snow fox.Perfect game for children.
76561198044648477,Recommended,295790,27258249,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SimoonGryphon,"When gameplay, concept, art, and cultural education with optional but well executed documentary videos come together, you get this game.  It's beautiful, smooth, and rich in a storytelling heritage.  There's also an adorable little artic fox AND a female protagonist!"
,Recommended,295790,13028604,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,☆Punchy☆,"Coming from a gamer who loves a good story Never Alone has been a very thoughtful experience. While the gameplay is certainly good the game held my interest mainly through its story. The graphics and narration are very well done and create the feeling of playing through a storybook. There are also ""Cultural Insight"" videos that you can collect through the game that share little pieces of Iñupiat culture.The only weak spot I see in this game is in its puzzles, specifically the level of difficulty. Most of the game is extremely easy but there are some spots where the difficulty seems to ramp up pretty high. It may be less difficult using a controller but some of the movements felt really awkward with a keyboard and mouse, The challenging puzzles are mainly difficult because they are not very intuitive in game.I didn't think I would like the co-op mode or controlling two characters in singleplayer but the gameplay here was very well thought out. You need both characters to finish the game, one character doesn't overpower the other. The best puzzles in this game come from trying to  maneuver the two characters without one of them falling off a cliff while the other character uses their abilities to open a passageway,***small edit***During my second play through I noticed that some of the gameplay mechanics made some areas more difficult than others. There seem to be some areas that follow different ""rules"" than the others (like the girl or the fox automatically following or not). This made some puzzles very frusterating. A ""drop"" key would have been helpful in some places too, it drove me crazy when I wanted to jump in between ledges and the character kept trying to hang on to the platform."
,Recommended,295790,13010764,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,RyMC3,"I've played about half of the game so far judging by the unlockable videos and achievements. It isn't that long of a game, however a moving on if that. The puzzles aren't overly hard, however not something you can look at right away. The atmosphere is incredible and immersive.Through the unlockable videos, and just playing the game, you can learn a lot about the lives and culture of these people which I can't get enough of. Now I want my own pet fox!However, there are a few bugs that are being worked on right now such as in scarce points in the game, the characters glitch out of the world. However you can just respawn and everything will function afterwards.There was the glitch of no saved games, except that isn't a problem anymore. Meaning, the developer is working very hard to meet everyone's submissions of bugs. The AI, if playing singleplayer, of the other character you aren't playing as at the moment, can be a bit stupid. However, I like the fact of not having to abandon the other character and having to switch back and forth to make sure they don't die whilst the other one is wall jumping.Overall, I'd give this game a 9/10. It is definatley something you'll want to pick up if you love the catergory. I've learned quite a lot and would like to hope you do as well if you pick up Never Alone. :)"
,Recommended,295790,14912794,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,EdenStarGazer,"Never Alone: A game about nature that includes people as a backdrop.The biting cold wind, the raging bear; a picturesque in-the-moment experience of life as we never knew it...The artwork has the ability to weave a story from black & white; light & darkness.The road between reality & fantasy is quickly obscured, as the story moves easily from iceberg to a canvas of sky.As you've heard, this game tells the story of a culture... a people... a geography in a unique storytelling motif that is unlike any other game I've seen. Be prepared for different controls, as you move between single player, co-op gameplay, video short, and interactive platforming action. In-game subtitle options add to the experience as well. Native language is interspersed to fill out the unique cultural experience. But, above all, the soundtrack takes you to the summit of a whole other world.Note: If you have difficulty loading this graphic intense game, contact the Player Support Team. They worked with me to get the game playing on my laptop. This only required me to manually force the game to work with Direct X 11 and play windowed, instead of fullscreen. I'm glad I didn't miss out!I've shared a few screenshots from this beautiful game as well."
76561198267679188,Not Recommended,295790,28843273,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Kona,"It's alright but boring - getting from point A to point B is usually very simple and makes it feel like a waste of time. There's nothing really /wrong/ with it though, I haven't found anything so far that makes this game unplayable in terms of mechanics or the like. All in all, it's fine, just too simple imho, though I can see why someone would like it. Granted, I haven't played for a long, long time, and I don't know if it'll get better later."
76561197988012862,Recommended,295790,20152905,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,mendel,"Cute casual story platformer.We played it with two Xbox controllers co-op and enjoyed it - a few hours of platformer gameplay, beautifully modelled and animated, co-op nicely done, and some videoclips about native culture; get the package with the Foxtales DLC to extend the experience by a few chapters and a canoe.I wouldn't have wanted to pay full price, but good value for its sale price.Recommended."
,Not Recommended,295790,31658079,Posted: 9 May,all,panotenu,"Never Alone is a visually attractive game, but it has major flaws in mechanics and interactions. First, game control, especially for single players, is really irritaing, because the player has to switch between the two main characters. Once you are in control of one, the other moves purely on AI, which often falls behind the character being in control, and fall off platforms. This causes the player to have to replay the scene from the check point.Moreover, there are times that the AI-controlled character just stands still and the scene is fixed, restraining the other character (in control) from progressing. This, once or twice, has resulted in death of the character from hitting the constraint and falling.The characters' reaction when the other one dies is highly unrealisticm which really agitates me. The fox/ the girl whines when the other dies wherever they are, even when they are not supposed to see the death, e.g. they're facing the other way or they are behind walls. Some people might not care, but this really bothers me (sorry for the rant.)The narrative of the game is based mainly on cutscenes. The game itself doesn't provide much additional information that would keep the player intrigued. There are collectable short documentaries (which I honestly don't watch because it is complete separated from the game and watching them while playing would take away the flow, but that's my personal preference. I'm sure they are informative, but I just don't like watching it while playing. I prefer having the game telling the information, not documentary videos.)In the game, most levels are highly repetitive, with the same jumping and running over and over again. There are quite a few chasing scenes, which requires the player to perform the same task over and over.New methods are introduced intermitently, but they become overused after a while.Game levels are puzzle-based, with in-between scenes where you just run. The puzzles aren't so intuitive, plus there are hints available, which is good in case you're stuck. Nevertheless, the character movements are really slow, and the graphic response isn't really good. There are times I try to jump over rocks and stuck mid air, doing glitchy moves, before falling into pits; or trying to jump to the wall with the fox, but falling directly into the water; or getting confused with the preset movement, especially getting up from water (which requires the player to press W, while sprinting uses SPACE, which results in me jamming SPACE, trying to get up.)The 2.5D platformer puzzle game style reminds me of Limbo or Inside, with a more heartwarming story line. However, the puzzles in Never Alone, I emphasize, are way less complex, and the story progress slower.For me, this game lacks components that would keep the players interested for a long time. It has nice aesthetic and eye-opening storyline, but the simplicity and lenghtiness, combined with uncompromising puzzle game mechanics take away the experience."
76561198002519121,Not Recommended,295790,13601366,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Poopy,"This game is a nightmare to play in single player. The simplest puzzles become nightmares due to poor AI of the character you don't control. Every time you miss a jump or get hit by something you have to start back over from a checkpoint. I was very interesting in playing a game that also tried to be a tool for education people about a different culture, but it's almost unplayable."
,Recommended,295790,13160092,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Dmitry Odd,"I simply froze from this game, cold of positive emotionsYou know this melodious voice of the story-teller. 1 from the most known stories of inupiat – the people living on Alaska. The fairy tale has an instructive character which, it is necessary to notice, not at once becomes clear. The history tells about Kunuuksaayuk (the image of world danger) the Little girl of Nong whom you operate, a problem which happened to the village – an infinite blizzard, you go to look for its source and you meet the fluffy assistant. A polar fox – in culture of these people a pet & along with it, a magic & not clear being, the conductor to the world. Together with it Nong goes for travel through Alaska. The history though from other culture, but allows to remember for itself something important.Game looks extremely, And the polar fox can sometimes mix up with the snow, is painfully realistic - that he reacts grumbles and looks. Some photos hypnotize, in them there is a desire simply to look.The gameplay doing boasting of games something fascinating. Formally it is a usual platformer more, than something. The gameplay is in work, it is simple that it is necessary to reach from point A & B, by means of wind jumps. At some moment travel, a blizzard starts blowing more strongly, blowing off heroes. Unfortunately, game has diseases of the worst representatives of a genre. The hero sometimes doesn't reach a ledge, utykatsya in is mute, but doesn't cling, in general some time unfairly ignores. In game there is a cooperative, 1 of 2 options. Playing together it can simplify a task to seem surprising. You can always give game to intelligence to be simplified. Constantly one of the main characters, remaining without management, does something, except silent expectation.The most important part of game - ""A deviation to culture"". In it 24 surprising videos speaking about inupiat life are collected, from beauty of Alaska the jaw sometimes hangs down, there is a desire to observe & revise again these short videos lessons. Rollers ""are given"" both for passing of game and for gathering of the hidden owls. In both cases you receive them in time. You ask - ""that occurs?"" literally in a minute you will find a roller which will explain to you that around occurs. Videos are released by real inupiata, they speak English which surrounds them. Some deviations add cultural shock., the narration goes about hunting by means of boats and copies, then in the history there is a mobile phone & the helicopter, it upsets, it is necessary to reconsider again to be convinced that all heard correctly.Love similar projects, so make it! also don't feel sorry for effort. Don't pass the unusual project, I similar didn't see long ago. My assessment 8.5\10."
76561197971739421,Recommended,295790,25072081,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Zergling Rush Of Adorableness!,"Never Alone is such a beautiful little platformer based on insightful folklore and fascinating storytelling. Playing through it, I was captured by the story and actively looked for the owls to unlock short clips that peeked into the interesting life/culture of the iñupiaq people.Gameplay time!Playing single player is probably harder than playing co-op due to the A.I's clumsiness in some areas and positioning in others so your experience would likely be more enjoyable with a friend. That said, if you can get through the frustration from the A.I this game is quite enjoyable. The puzzles are relatively easy, the environment is interesting, the graphics are simple but still nice, and the story (and it's insights) is truly a work of art.Keep in mind this game is mostly a narrative so the gameplay is slow paced. There are some occasional bugs in the game but nothing terrible that a simple restart of the checkpoint/game can't fix. The A.I controls the character you don't play and can sometimes get itself killed, stuck, or wondering away from the place you want it to stay. You may have to micromanage a little.The overall play time is quite short, but I took my time to explore and enjoy the environment. The DLC however is incredibly short, going on a very short story separate to the main storyline. As short as it was, the puzzles in it were nice and the concept of the story quite intriguing. This game would be even better with more story driven DLCs.I recommend Never Alone if you love story/culture driven games. However I don't think it's quite worth the $15 price tag simply because it's a little too short.*** That fox is so darn adorable, the devs created it with superb emotion that really makes you feel what that character goes through during play."
76561198031146781,Recommended,295790,33158750,Posted: 2 July,all,Aureal,"Beautiful and adorable. At first I thought it was going to be a very simple to play game but the puzzles get reasonably challenging as you go on, without being excessively frustrating. Most are fairly intuitive, and the places where it's less so generally have a helpful icon appear after a bit to help you figure out who to use and where to be going. I'm a little mixed on the cultural insight videos. They are skippable, and sometimes they seemed totally like a totally irrelevant distraction. But some, like the one on the aurora borealis, give insight into what's going on in the game as well as interesting information, so you'd be missing out by not watching."
76561198030910716,Recommended,295790,31671408,Posted: 10 May,all,Ian Samhain,"Great story, fun game, great educational videoes worth watching (but only if you want to - I recommend then), culturally interesting.  I lived in Alaska for 12.5 years and this game is great not just to play but also to give you cultural insights.  The story telling and artwork it great too.  Five stars, thank you for everyone involved for doing such a great job making this game and not trying just to make a buck."
,Recommended,295790,24622581,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Krazedlion,"Never Alone (Kisima Ingitchuna) is an awesome platformer about Nuna and the Fox. They are on a quest to find the source of the eternal blizzard and to stop it. It has beautiful graphics but the controls are lacking and should be better. There are mini educational movies which talk about the history of the Alaskan tundra and its people. The only thing that hurts this game are the controls, the story is good (except the ending was WTF) and the graphics are great. For you achievement seekers, is easy to get 100% achievements if you have the DLC."
76561197994240233,Recommended,295790,34758617,Posted: 5 September,all,MadArtillery,Amaizing game for couples and the foxy is super super cute!
,Recommended,295790,34596618,Posted: 29 August,all,ElusiveOne,"Never Alone (Kisima Ingitchuna)is definitely worth playing for its cultural and historical value, resonant storytelling and exceptional ambiance.It is also a fairly decent puzzle platformer game, though it would probably not be as memorable without its sympathetic and informative cultural insights. While initially distracting, these mini documentaries turned out to be both beautiful and lightly depressing, almost inexplicably engrossing, and eventually became my favorite feature of the game.Guide Nuna and Fox through fascinatingly harsh environments peppered with Alaska Native legends and ways of life. Time jumps against gusts of wind, displace helping spirits to reach higher places, escape unstable structures and enemies. Also collect cultural insights from owls. It's all pleasantly simple, inspiring and enjoyable.PositiveSoothing narration and beautiful storytellingRich characters and immersive worldGraceful dark wintry environmentsBalanced co-op mechanics, played solo or with a friendMostly relaxing gameplay with simple puzzles and accessible designSurprisingly very well produced cultural insights (video capsules)Foxtales DLC shares the same base design principles while feeling completely freshNegativeUnwieldy bola controlsA few collision issues and other glitchesFlimsy platforming can be annoying in time sensitive action sequences"
76561197997050857,Recommended,295790,13013484,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,SPIKE,Pretty visuals and story.
,Recommended,295790,31759163,Posted: 14 May,all,L O B A ❤,"It's an awsome storytelling game, which you have to switch between the two main characters...It seems to be a little hard at beggining, but this is the challenge, so as in ''Brothers - tale of two sons''.I saw a lot of ppl complaining about the switch thing, but if you u see the game...well, if It wasn't that, the game would be too easy and consequently, boring.I D E F I N E T L Y recomend this game."
,Not Recommended,295790,25050403,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Bold Impression,"A couple years ago during a Steam Sale, I purchased two games against my better judgment. That is, according to some negative reviews I had read, I probably should not have bought them. But I personally felt they had potential and were worth giving a shot. One of them exceeded my expectations more than I could have ever possibly imagined. The other…did not. The former I will review at a later date. The latter is Never Alone (Kisima Ingitchuna).To start on the positive: the main reason I decided to give Never Alone a chance was because of the setting. In real life, I absolutely love everything about Native American culture, people, and even religion. In the world of video games, these elements have rarely ever been explored. This almost ingenious tapping of unused, fresh, and exciting material is Never Alone’s biggest strength. The completeness and wholeheartedness that Never Alone embraces its focal point really clicks with me. I love the legend-esque story, the way it is told, (by an Inupiaq elder), and the cave drawing-like animations that accompany it. The subtitles and translations of the elder are a little awkward, but not terrible. I also love all the documentary extras, and genuinely wanted to unlock and watch each one.Aside from the setting, almost every other part of Never Alone struggles at least partially. The models, environments, and visual effects are all passable, but not noteworthy. Some of the level designs have interesting moments, but the puzzle designs don’t do anything we haven’t seen before. Part of this is due to the fact that Nuna’s Bola, her “weapon” and tool that allows her to shoot objects and orbs (that summon spirits) in the environment, isn’t interesting enough in it’s own right, and the game never asks the player to use it in any interesting ways. The spirits are the best parts of the overall design of the game, but their help usually turns into hindrance due to the poor platforming controls. Seeing spirits that you must jump between is a disheartening sight. Seeing a spirit Nuna must climb like a ladder is groan-inducing. Trying to get Nuna to jump to a platform FROM a ladder spirit (or vice-versa) is absolutely infuriating.Poor controls and puzzle design are probably the worst criticisms that a puzzle/platformer could ever deal with, but those complaints I have about Never Alone are not the games’ worst fault.A big part of Never Alone is being able to switch between Nuna and her companion in order to solve puzzles. Unless you are playing with another human, the game’s A.I. controls whichever character you are not. I’m going to give the developers the benefit of a doubt that Never Alone was developed primarily with couch co-op in mind, because the A.I. in this game is some of the worst I have ever seen. I frequently set up one character for his or her role in the puzzle, then swapped to the other…only to have the A.I. character start moving away. Swapping back to rein in him or her would make the now A.I. character move away. The A.I. character also has the extremely nasty habit of getting him/herself killed or stuck on the environment. The latter results in frustrating babysitting, the former in many unnecessary deaths.It only took me about 3 hours to finish Never Alone. I know in my mind that is an extremely short length for a video game, even an indie game. Sometimes I wonder if my play through would have been even shorter if my A.I. companion had not been so stupid. But because of that, and the poor controls, 3 hours felt like an absolutely eternity. In all fairness, Upper One did release a patch for Never Alone in an attempt to address some of these issues. Unfortunately, however, I did not notice much of a difference, and the issues still remain. Unless you are going to play this game with a human partner, the bad outweighs the good here--and I cannot, in good conscience, recommend this game. Even then, you both are going to grapple with the poor controls, which may end up being worse than an A.I. partner.Kisima Ingitchuna, the Inupiaq translation of the game's title, translates to “I am not alone.” In both the game and real life, this is a very special idea. Although the ultimate plot of the game revolves around Nuna saving her village from danger, the moral of this legend is that, as we live our lives and overcome obstacles, we are never truly alone. Much like how Nuna is surrounded by the Helping Spirits and her faithful companion throughout her adventure, in real life, we too are surrounded by our friends and, perhaps, even the spirits of those who have gone before. But if my friends and companions were as incompetent as the ones “helping” Nuna on her journey, I would much rather take my chances on mine… alone."
76561197990121038,Not Recommended,295790,13422044,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Styxle,"Not a good game. Expected so much more. Mostly just running and jumping in a straight line. I would guess co-op mode would be a lot more enjoyable as in single player the non active character simply follows the active character in a non intuitive way, randomly commiting suicide. I liked the cultural insights but the game mechanics made it very tedious."
,Recommended,295790,16624737,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Theremy,"If you want a relaxing and rich puzzle/platformer game,Never Alonemight be one of the best option for you.It is relatively easy while it still offer some challange for you to solve, nice narration, and good visual.One special thing about this game is the documentary video which is presented in the middle of the game. It really give us a lot of interesting insight about the Alaskan native tribe.Never Alonehave a nice portion of entertainment and education in one package.Additional note: This game might be a great option for couple to spend their time together playing game, no matter how bad one of you at playing games :p"
,Recommended,295790,19511386,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Mickeycricky,"A great little game that has fun gameplay, and teaches you something about a different culture at the same time. I found it challenging at some points, but not challenging enough where I was going to quit and never pick it up again. The atmosphere is beautiful and the little cultural insights are interesting. It wasn't too long either, but it was long enough where I felt like the money I spent was worth it. When I was finished, I felt like I had played a really good game, as well as learned quite a lot about the story behind the main characters and the Inuit peoples' way of life."
,Not Recommended,295790,24103297,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,RadolovGrabadjetski,"Never alone is a game about how a fox dies repeatedly due to bad AI. This causes the main characters to travel back in time to hope for the AI-gods to fix their mistakes by chance. After less than 20 min ingame I've encountered bugs that prevent me from advancing any further in the game. This along with camera work that wants me to look away from the place where I'm actually going.The title ""Never alone"" refers to how you should bring a partner to play it with since on it's own it will fall short due to horrible AI. It looks neat though, but the platforming is dull. The most hilarious death I've encountered so far is when I did the simplest leap over a pit, whereas my AI fox partner felt it was necessary to end it's life prematurely by jumping into said pit with it's enhanced jumping abilities."
76561198013141287,Not Recommended,295790,17313657,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Centipede,"The setting is quite charming, but the mechanics are too damn clunky. Unresponsive controls, weird collision detection, unpredictable jumps. The platforming was too frustrating for me."
,Recommended,295790,33115803,Posted: 1 July,all,Michael Learns To Rofl,"This game reminds you that having friends around can be convenient. It is harder to do it alone, just like real life. If the difficulty doesn't get you, the bugs will.10/10 would recommend if you like folklore and the visuals. It helps take your mind away from the bugs."
,Recommended,295790,24410263,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,ssj_debashish,Pros- Nice and smooth gameplay.- Puzzles not too frustrating.- Loved the cultural diversity.- Lovely graphics.Cons- No replay value.- Foxtales mode could've been betterMajor Con (Cant stress this enough)-  Made me cry halfway through the game (Dont wanna give out the spoiler but really wish the game developers would've thought twice before doing such a horrid thing)
76561198326455643,Recommended,295790,28201706,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,enamoratrix,"I wasn't a big fan of platformers when I bought this game. I'm still not....but the thing is, I liked it despite that. It's just such a beautiful game in terms of themes, imagery, and sound, that my game mechanic preferences took a backseat to the overall immersiveness of the game. From the playable characters' movements to the weather effects, the animation is lovely. And the cultural insights about the Iñupiat Inuit people were engrossing and well filmed. It's half documentary, half playable folktale. Definitely worth buying."
76561198011289000,Recommended,295790,21041344,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Mr Chappy,"Recommended but only just and not necessarily because of the game itself. I would strongly advise against paying more than the £2.99 Steam sale price for this(unless you want to donate a bit more to a worthy cause). I finished it(one hundred percent, inc all dlc) in around three and a half hours.The main reason I recommend this is that the game's two stories, and the atmosphere with which they are told, are genuinely very nice. As is the fact that some of the proceeds go to the Cook Inlet Tribal Council! Visually and audibly the game is a real success.Unfortunately the actual gameplay is at best average and more often than not becomes a little bit tedious. It is not made any better by your companion's AI causing death far more than it should. That is not to say there isn't a few fun highlights along the way, but never anything that any seasoned game player will not have experienced and done many times before in a better way...The expansion Fox Tales succeeds somewhat better in exploiting the puzzle potential of the duel character setup in a more fun and engaging way, though the rowing controls can let it down at times...A mediocre game in terms of play saved by its strong cultural heritage and contribution to the continued survival of that heritage. For younger kids it could well provide a much longer and more enjoyable gaming experience than it did for me and with a bit of added education for good measure."
,Recommended,295790,30186443,Posted: 25 February,all,Ronda,"It's more a interactive documentary than a game itself, but it's far from being bad.The game itself is a plataform based game, where you can play on co-op or single. I played only on co-op, and on this mode the game was pretty enjoyable, no big frustrations, also no big challenges.The graphics are pretty ok, they are far from being a cause to do not buy.Lastely, i had not experienced any major bugs / glitches, mostly only when we were about to die anyway. Just keep in mind that the screen is locked to display both of you, so take care to not block the way."
76561198022186188,Recommended,295790,29072400,Posted: 6 January,all,selambentolgi,beautiful game with great artistic graphics and an educational cultural story. highly recommended if you are into great puzzles as well as learning about other cultures. stories are very inspirational.  and that fox is really cute...
,Recommended,295790,34513971,Posted: 26 August,all,paige.,"This game is an decent puzzle platforming game. The story and the insight videos are really awesome to learn and overall amazing. The rich history of this indigenous Inupiat culture is very cool to learn. The gameplay and mechanics do need working though. I had several times frustrated over the control. The pathfinding of your companion needs some tweaking. Movements around corners of platforms are terrible. I had trouble trying not to hold on the edge of a platform when I just want to go straight down. There were a couple of sides of the cliff where you could get stuck to. And last thing I want to point out is that, when controlling a spirit with your foxafter death, it's annoying that instead of selectively controlling a spirit, it controls any spirit in a small proximity around him. Overall, yeah I did complain mainly about the controls and mechanics  but the game is pretty good. The insight videos is what I really look for when unlocking them because they're like minute long high-def documentary clip goodies.Overall, I'd give this game a 7.6/10."
,Recommended,295790,34375795,Posted: 20 August,all,Damy,"I played this game in local co-op and I advise you to do the same, can't really say anything about whether it's any good for playing alone.pros:- gameplay is fun overall. it not being too hard might also make it a fun game for kids.- looks and sounds beautiful and original- very informative, you can unlock videos about the Iñupiat culture and way of lifecons:- a bit glitchy now and then- very short, about two hours for the main story and I guess the Foxtales DLC took even less time- aiming with the bola was a pain. this is especially annoying in the parts of the game which require fast aiming, so expect having to replay some sequences a few times"
76561198025902156,Recommended,295790,34375088,Posted: 20 August,all,(AB) Slow Moth,"Never Alone (Kisima Ingitchuna) is not just a game. It is a story.It isn't a new story. Instead, it is very old. Never Alone is a game that comes from the cold Arctic, made and written by members of the Iñupiat people (an indigenous group to Alaska and Canada, sometimes called ""Inuit""). The story comes from that culture, and as you progress through the game, you will receive video clips of interviews that inform you about the Iñupiat culture, history, and lifestyle. As you play, a narrator tells you your story, speaking in the Inupiaq language, making you feel as if you are around the campfire with him. All the snow and wind on screen made me begin to feel chilly, as I braved the blizzard with my canine companion.This game is filled with history and love. There are almost no games that delve into indigenous American cultures with so much passion, and so few games produced by natives. I am always supportive and ecstatic to see other cultures represented in games, and this is a beautiful and heartfelt example.The gameplay? The game itself is acceptable. It is average. It gets the job done. It's not very fun single player, so it's a good idea to find a friend or family member to play with. It's a little clunky, and certain parts can be frustrating, but it gets the job done. The importance of this game lies in its history. You are here for the story."
,Recommended,295790,24039402,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Doc,"It's a game; it's a book; it's an interactive story! Never Alone is a very interesting title, venturing about as close as I am comfortable to a 'visual novel'. The games creators did theri research, traveling to Alaska to speak with members of the Inupiat inuit tribe, gleaning knowledge of their traditions, their lifestyles, and their culture as a whole. They then used this information both explicitly and implicity through the (simple) puzzle platformer game they lovingly crafted and through the very well produced video documentary elements available for review after stumbling upon a particular theme in the game that relates to a particular snapshot of the documentary. This game was by no means challenging, and in a few points a little buggy (I would find myself trapped at the top of a ladder or in some other crevice), but for the three hours I put in to it beating the game and gaining a large amount of knowledge and a new respect for the inuit people, I would say Never Alone is definitely worth taking for a spin.P.S. - Seems like a great learning game for kids too, I'm going to let my niece play through very soon."
76561198291777799,Recommended,295790,28907368,Posted: 1 January,all,Acahni,"Simple game with great lore.Commands could be better, but overall it's a good game.6/10"
,Recommended,295790,33619200,Posted: 17 July,all,jpalms11,"Good story, contols take getting used to, especially for the chase scenes. Short relaxing 80% of the time, Frustrating (like all platformings can be) the rest. Bought it during the summer sale, worth it for the reduced price."
76561198119554317,Recommended,295790,34918001,Posted: 13 September,all,braveofheart,"I admit that the controls are frustrating; I guess my problem is that I'm play with the keyboard, which is sometimes too finicky, sometimes doesn't react fast enough or is unprecise. That doesn't detract from the beautiful and melancholy atmosphere, the tension when Nuna has to run away from danger, the little sweet moments between her and the fox, how she makes her way through her world and meets all these different, fantastic beings and entities. I love how I'm learning about the culture, the lore, through the game and the videos."
76561198134093869,Not Recommended,295790,24832189,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,(ㅇㅅㅇ❀),"I've encountered quite a bit of glitching....and the game play can be kind of slow sometimes. It's really hard to play it on single player sometimes due to the computer jumping off the ledge when I don't want it to. I couldn't tell whether it was a glitch, but I couldn't get the fox to jump from the water to the ledge, causing me to get stuck on the level. The game is really lovely, and the art and story is beautiful, but I have to say the gameplay does get on my nerves at time"
,Recommended,295790,19366403,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Sylliana,"Never Alone is a short but very good game with a deeper meaning.You do not only play the game, you get to know the people behind the game.It might just be me, but i like the video's in which they explain the history of their people.I bought the game on sale because i knew it was a short game.Despite the fact that it is a beautifull game with history of real people, it is still a very short game.I would recommend buying it if it is on sale.Edit: This game should win the award: ""I Thought This Game Was Cool Before It Won An Award"".It still does not have enough attention in my opinion. The moment i heard this game would come out i was already convinced this would be amazing. Its beautiful to see a game made with the help of a community that wants to tell its stories through a game."
,Recommended,295790,20682277,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Paz Invictus,"The story is beautiful and very interesting.The charchters make it easy for you to engage deeply in the game.More puzzles based than expected, which was great.The AI and the camera can be a little frustrating which are the only downsides in the game in my opinion.Over all a very good game. Certinly not bad but not mind blowing either."
,Recommended,295790,21003864,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Vleer,Lovely game and documentary for the Inupac! Enjoyed this a lot!
,Recommended,295790,25781218,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Did you mean Dopaje,Limbo clone with history fact about snow people pretty nice
,Recommended,295790,13015996,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Nine Worlds,"It has an amazing art design, and the story already has potential as soon as you start. I'm doing a series on Youtube, to discover and share this game with anyone who is interested. I would highly recommend getting it. If you were a fan of the game limbo, or like story driven games this is probably the game for you!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L1GgNSkXNDECheck out the series if you would like, As this will give a better total view of the game in time.Good luck!"
,Recommended,295790,27890153,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,嫠 Naver °•,"Great beautiful game. Wonderful story, graphics and a extra bonus of learning a new language! :D"
,Recommended,295790,26432565,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,LabibDizzle,just like limbo but i guess its more than that
76561198058006901,Recommended,295790,13017537,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Rio | Zunairah,"First of all, Never alone is a relatively short game. I started playing it completely blind (knew nothing except for a trailer) and enjoyed every second of it, and it's well worth it's price. I wish I could just erase my memories and play it blind again.Without spoiling, all I can say is that the storytelling is just awesome, especially since it is told in the native language of the Iñupiat. It really adds an unique touch to it. Some kind of cutsenes show parts of the story you are experiencing in a beautiful way which reminds me a bit of Journey. In the end you'll learn where said story is based on. I loved the fact that it's one of the last things you'll learn. Like it sums up everything. The little insight videos you can unlock every now and then really add to the atmosphere and the game. It's like a documentary, but better. I've learned a whole lot out of this game and some insights even surprised me. The scenes and music chosen for those videos were really beautiful. They made me even tear up at some parts./don't judge me, I got really caught up in the story ;_;The gameplay itself is great. I used a controller and it worked fine. I'd actually recommend a controller over the keyboard, it seems a lot easier this way.  The game runs really smooth, the graphics itself are just BEAUTIFUL and I love the overall atmosphere. It can create a creepy, cold, beautiful or whatsoever feeling. It's great.I ran into some bugs every now and then, like glitching through the platforms, but I can't complain in any way. I don't know about the co-op, but I can see it working well. No framedrops, no nothing. Everything was fine.Some parts can get a bit frustrating because you have to be fast and basically switch between the characters frequently. But it's not that bad, it took me a few tries to figure out the right way. The only negative point at those parts would be the sounds of the howling wind. It's reeaaally loud sometimes and I got a headache of it for hearing it over and over. You can set the volume lower though, so that's probably a flaw on my end.I suppose it can get a bit boring for some people though. It didn't for me, just wanted to point that out.~Conclusion: So.. overall this will definetely be one of my favorite games from now on. It can't beat e.g. Journey and To The Moon for me, but it is a masterpiece in itself and I'd buy it again without a doubt if I had to. With it's great narration and graphics, it feels just like getting told a story in a way that makes everything come to life around you. It's almost magical. It CAN get a bit frustrating at some points, but that's completely fine. It's a game after all, it is supposed to be challenging, even if it's just for a short amount of time. If you're even thinking about getting the game, then go get it! It's really not that expensive compared to other (worse) games and you'll even gain something out of it.tl;dr: Beautiful, interactive documentary. Awesome graphics and gameplay and a great story. Well worth it's price. Would recommend everyone to at least give it a try."
76561198025700938,Not Recommended,295790,14781270,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Sarsben,"Considering that I have been excited to play Never Alone since it was announced, and how much I admire the game's aesthetic and the developer's mission in making it, it pains me more than a little to say that I can't bring myself to recommend it as a pure gaming experience.First, the positive: the game really is nice to look at, and the scrimshaw inspired cinematic scenes stand out in particular. The core of the gameplay is solid, if not great-- this type of sidescrolling puzzle platformer and single player coop gameplay style has already been done better in many other games, including Limbo, Trine, Lost Vikings, and others, but that doesn't make it bad. Finally, the game and its developer should be commended for attempting to create a game that reflects indigenous culture, values, and art while also educating players about a culture with which they are most likely unfamiliar, and using profits to help fund education in Alaskan Native communities.The mechanical execution, unfortunately, prevents it from being a satisfying and enjoyable gaming experience, in my view. I'll put it this way: if you play Never Alone, you WILL occasionally die due to the sluggish, imprecise controls and fiddly platforming. This is basically guaranteed. You can also expect to be forced to replay some sections because your AI companion couldn't keep up with you or decided to wander into a trap or off a cliff. You may die due to the camera's frequent inability to keep both characters in sight. And it's quite possible scripting errors or other bugs will force you to replay some sections-- this happened to me at least two or three times during my playthrough, including one point where a platform failed to materialize when it should have.As a gamer, I am extremely tolerant of bugs, lack of polish, and unbalanced or even broken gameplay when I enjoy other aspects of a game enough. I will happily choose to play a messy but interesting game over a polished, forgettable one any day. But I don't think it's asking too much to expect a three to four hour game to be consistently fun for at least most of its duration. I probably spent over half of my relatively brief playtime in Never Alone frustrated or annoyed by one thing or another, and this makes it hard to recommend for anyone simply looking for a good game. However, if you-- like me-- support the developer's goal of preserving indigenous culture and folklore, educating the public, and promoting diversity in game development while also bringing money and attention to a worthy cause, it may be worth a purchase. I do genuinely hope the developer does well and gets to make many more games like this, as there is much to admire in what they've done here, and I hope that their success encourages others to follow suit. I just hope their efforts in the future will produce better games than Never Alone.As a side note, the unlockable ""cultural insight"" videos are interesting to watch, easily digestible, and may arguably add value to the overall package, but I personally would have preferred a short documentary film that provides a better overview and more context, rather than a collection of brief, individual vignettes that don't provide insights so much as glimpses into a culture."
,Recommended,295790,13012987,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,[CM] Eggson,"This is an amazingly beautiful game with some standard co-op platforming mechanics. I really enjoyed the story, the characters and the depth of cultural inclusiveness that the developers put into the game. There were some small game-play glitches (especially the fox wall jumping), but overall the control was smooth and intuitive. The narration was really cool, and the sound and music design is top-notch.I have been recommending this game to all of my non-gaming friends, family and colleagues."
,Recommended,295790,13016850,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,The Pacific Rim Job,"The amount of beautiful story-telling, whether it be through interview videos or through gameplay itself, is phenomenal.A game that TRULY has to be experienced by all, and one that will last in your mind as an example of a true story-driven game."
,Recommended,295790,13018198,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,from.summer to.winter,"One of the most beautiful games i've ever seen.It's made with such love and point of detail.These little videosequences are really nice to see, they show you (as a not in a really cold snow region living person) a lot about the inuit.I would recommend this game to everyone!"
76561198028592853,Not Recommended,295790,14780869,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,buixor,"Nice little story, nice graphism, nice ambiance BUT this game is full of bugs !!! Character reacts half a second after you press a button. Gameplay is also buggy, you will sometime get mad for something that looks pretty easy to do. If you use a gamepad, you will enjoy the worst buttons mapping ever...This is very sad because the overall ambiance graphism/sound are very nice..."
76561197966702935,Recommended,295790,20178756,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Sperber,"This is a *perfect* game to introduce a friend who is not so experienced with videogames to the idea of local couch co-op gaming - for several reasons:- it is just long enough to be played through in a single evening- failure state (or ""death"") is not frustrating, as checkpoints for retries are spread generously across the whole levels- it is visually very appealing while at the same time not exposing unaccustomed players to sensory overload- it starts out fairly easy and increases gradually in difficulty without ever becoming unfair- lesser experienced players should play the fox who stays at about the same difficulty over the whole game while the it gradually increases for the girl that can be played by the more experienced player who likes a challenge- unlockable background story videos provide short yet interesting breaks for people that not used to three hours of uninterupted concentrationHowever, a word of advice: do NOT play this with very young children. It's has at least one scene that will make you regret that (can't tell without spoiling)."
,Recommended,295790,21677414,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Stryker,"A thoroughly enjoyable game that is in equal parts entertaining and educational - 5/5The game uses a series of short documentary clips (roughly 30 mins in total) to explain aspects of history and folklore as you progress throught the game, which can be freely re-watched from the main menu once unlocked. Highly recommended for those interested in learning about Inuit culture.I disagree however with the negative reviews regarding frustration with the platform elements of the game. Not sure whether it's because I'm a latecomer to this gem of a game, and the issues reported are long since fixed, or whether I had a better time by using a controller, but I didn't have any issues with gameplay. Some of the tutorials introducing new mechanics can however be a little bit vague (took me a few minutes to figure out the bola using a controller), but aside from that no complaints.Play time for myself was around 3 hours at a decent pace, but for casual players, children or those playing local co-op this is likely to be longer. Controller(s) recommend (Played with Xbox controller myself).Though it does at first seem a little pricey for the overall playtime (£11.99 at the time of writing), I'd still recommend at full price, but it would be a worthwhile addition to any collection if picked up on sale. Definately a game you'll want to replay at some point too.The musical score is also a particular highlight (it's available as DLC), and perfectly compliments the unique visual styles of the game."
76561197998560056,Recommended,295790,19375994,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,IrritableCough,"So, having just played through the game with two friends,my immediate impressions are kind of mixed. I absolutely love what the developers set out to do, the game succeeds in its goals of educating players about a unique culture and way of life, and I think that the way in which the game was developed in collaboration with an alaskan native people is a beautiful approach, that will perhaps inspire other developers to do similar things.Younger generations are becoming increasingly native to digital media and environments, so it makes sense to adapt and preserve as much human culture as possible in a format that will appeal to a modern and future audience. So, for that reason alone I would reccomend this game.On the other hand, I found the game itself uninspiring. The controls were unreliable, the puzzles and traps were irritating, rather than providing the player with a satisfying sense of accomplishment, there were physics glitches, and although the interaction between the girl and fox was novel at first, it was not enough to set it apart.Ultimately the game itself undermined the story and atmosphere, and I couldn't help wondering if the overall experience would be better if it was stripped bare of the cumbersome mechanics, a thought echoed by the friends I was playing with."
,Recommended,295790,19855251,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,aldoleo,"You should play/buy this game to learn something about a culture and a community you would otherwise not hear much about. The Cultural Insights and the story of the game teach you a lot about these folks and their values stories. It was my intention to just play the game to watch all the Insights, gameplay was secondary to me. Even so: the platforming/puzzling is decent: nothing you haven't seen before, but the setting and heroes make it all right. There's plenty of clever little puzzles and some light platforming. Never Alone has a few action sequences that got on my nerves: it's a bit too easy to make a misstep when the clock is ticking. Thankfully savepoints are every few feet, so you never have to backtrack much.If you kicked♥♥♥♥♥at Limbo you should have no trouble with this, if you're used to tougher platformers you should expect to breeze through the game in a few hours.The story of Fox Tales DLC is a bit hamfisted (it's also a children's tale, so I guess it's to be expected), but the gameplay is tighter. It was easy enough to play through, but my dummy-brain was challenged a few times, so I probably spent 2x as long going through it than a more majestic gamer."
76561198061088586,Recommended,295790,19950538,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,UndercoverF,"Never Alone (Kisima Ingitchuna) (Including DLC Foxtales) is interasting little game and even more interasting cultural project in general about Iñupiaq - The Alaskan Natives !As You play with Nuna and/or Fox, You are learning the story (myth) based on the actual Iñupiaq folklore !""Cultural Insights"" and the fact that ""nearly 40 Alaska Native elders, storytellers and community members contributed to the making of the game"" are making this game/cultural project very valuable from anthropological point of view.You will not only have great fun while playing this carefully developed game, You will also learn a lot about the Iñupiaq's way of life !And that makes this game/cultural project precious !Strongly recommended !!!~UndercoverF"
,Recommended,295790,20360612,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Raikors,"A relatively simple puzzle platformer that elevates itself from other similar games by including an educational element that ties neatly together with the story; Making progress unlocks a series of video documentary clips that teach you about the Iñupiat culture. The clips are optional to watch, but are a big part of the game.The checkpoint system is really forgiving so when dying you're never sent too far back. In my opinion that is perfectly fine for this game as the focus is not in challenging you with precise platforming or difficult boss fights. I had some occasional issues with the AI controller second character but nothing too frustrating.All in all, Never Alone is a unique platformer that you probably can finish in one slightly longer session, and one interesting example of what games as a medium can be."
76561197995894805,Not Recommended,295790,22155200,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Sefu,"I wanted to like it due to its concept and the interesting cultural information, but the gameplay is vapid. It is a weak platformer that is more annoyance and memory than real challenge."
76561198203077991,Recommended,295790,24036645,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,what even is this,"Before I get into why I gave this game a thumbs up, let me just say, if you get frustratied and/or quit easally, and/or don't like short games(can be played in 5 hours or less depending on the player) THIS GAME IS NOT FOR YOU.Never Alone (Kisima Ingitchuna) is a wonderfully crafted, stunning mix of Alaskan culture and 3D Platformer Gaming. The graphic art of this game is visually pleasing and entertaining on its own, and the story and charecters are overall creatively designed and fun to play as. The story, based off an actual Alaskan folktale, is suprising and emotoinally moving(I cried at one point, that's for sure). The climax is thrilling. And leading up to that is a fun combination of platformers and puzzles. Anther cool thing about this well crafted game is that almost every addition to the plotline is based off of or explained by an actual peice of Alaskan culture and history, and as you play you unlock mini-documentaries about the subjects in the game, so its almost impossible to play through this game and not learn something about the culture.Hoever, depending on the console used to play this with, there may be a small to large ammount of glitches that for some people may be extremely frustrating. Also, if you use a keyboard isntead of a controller to play this game, the overall contols get hard to use and irritating. So if those two aspects of a game are what make you not want to play a game, there's a heads up.Even though there are definete flaws in this game I found it overall an amazing experience playing, it's an amazing game, amazing visually, amazing story, and i overall just loved it. Definelty would recomend this to any novice platformer(Is that a thing? Anyone who is new to platform games is what I mean). I give it a  9/10ALSOA WHOLE LOT OF THIS GAME IS JUST RUNNING...So if you don't like running, this game is not for you."
76561198228662472,Not Recommended,295790,31467207,Posted: 30 April,all,ivy_l,"i really wanted to play this game for a long time, and when I finally did and I will say that I agree with every one it has a great story I love the little cultural tidbits you got throughout while you were playing I loved hearing about the inupiaq history and I loved the way the game looked but the computer controls for this game are terrible almost as if it was ment more for co-op play vs single player which is fine but.. I can't recommend this to anyone esp at full price and omg the bugs I kept getting while I was playing I couldnt get past a boss because he literlly would glitch super sprint and hit me even tho I made the jump and was miles from him or while I was on the spirits I would randomlly fall off and miss jumps it just was for super clunky made playing the game unplayible. If you really want to try the game out get it on sale not at full price"
,Not Recommended,295790,29761081,Posted: 7 February,all,PT Lyon,"This is a hard one. I could say I recommend the game or I could say that I don't recommend the game, and both sentences would not be a pure truth.  It's somewhere in the middle. I enjoyed the trip along Alaska, among Iñupiat people and get to know their culture a little better. The game visuals are beautiful. But that's not enough. The gameplay is just not very good, and sometimes is just bad. This game had what many games don't: A good background history and theme to explore, a different and interesting subject, some interesting art vision. But the delivery failed where it couldn't fail: the gaming experience.This could be a positive review. I've given positive reviews to games that are at this (average) level. In the end, it was the sense of seeing such good potential going to waste that made me decide on a negative review."
,Not Recommended,295790,14681137,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Mme Ponzilla,"I wanted so badly to like this game, but in the end, the awkward controls, ruins the fun.  It is such a shame.  This game is so cool.  But it produces so much frustration, that I cannot, in good conscience, recommend it."
76561198055913005,Not Recommended,295790,14895804,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,ɹǝǝpᴉnbS™,"This game was basically the same result of Fez for me, I had a different expectation than what the game provided, Due to the trailer.I understand the culture is nice and the story is decent I guess, But it's just too short. (It's also never really revealed what the motive for some things were. Like that man chasing you, I get that he was after the Bola but it's never revealed or stated anywhere why.)Without evening replaying, I had cleared practically all the achievements and finished the story in just over two hours, Going back it took little over three hours to complete. For a $15.00 price tag ($16.99 CAN is what I paid), It's rather expensive. To The Moon had a similar problem, But the game was much cheaper and the story was a bit longer/nicer."
76561198131709545,Not Recommended,295790,13645712,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,"Duck, Duck...","I played enough of the game to know the art style and tone of the game are fantastic.However the devs did not state that a X-Box controller is required to use every feature of the game, and I bought it hoping to do co-op. The one controller I own does not work with the game and there is no way to play with two people on one keyboard. The devs said they were ""looking into addreessing the issue""When they fix this I will probably be able to recommend the game."
76561198026398393,Not Recommended,295790,20959188,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,SilverWolf,"I want to give this game as much love as possible, because the story is cool, the history is very interesting, the graphics are nice, the fox is adorable, but for a platformer is very mediocre to below average when it comes to its execution.Some games do switching back and forth between characters pretty well, Trine is a good example of a successful title, unfortunately controlling one character will make the second follow and sometimes die in this game. Levels get tedious and repetitive. Some sections are entirely unintuitive and I feel they could have done with some more testing pre release when it comes to the ghost platforms in particular.Again, this game has a nice feel to it, but the more you play, the more you will get frustrated with the actual game play and the story can only carry it so far, which is a shame."
,Recommended,295790,20333875,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Snowfox,"IntroductionExperience the epic journey of Nuna and Fox as they search for the source of an eternal blizzard that threatens the survival of everything they have ever known.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=564597459Tags: Indie, Local Co-Op, Platformer, Adventure, Cute, Atmospheric, Female Protagonist, Local Multiplayer, Casual, Story Rich, Action, Puzzle, Side Scroller, Puzzle-Platformer, Great Soundtrack, Singleplayer, 2D, 2.5D, ShortProsCharming story based on an Inupiat legendA cute little arctic fox and Iñupiat girlPlays very well in local co-op mode.Achievements are based on progression in the story and finding collectables (owls scattered throughout each stage). Each owl unlocks a short educational video about some element of the Iñupiat culture. If you miss an owl, no worries: once you complete the game you can select which chapter you want to play. (This also goes for Foxtales, which I will explain next).Foxtales DLC. A must buy in my opinion; it adds another playable story using the same characters as well as adding a new antagonist. It is short, but worth the money if you liked the base game. Foxtales is around 2 hours long.Seamless transition from singleplayer to co-op. In singleplayer, you can swap between characters to solve puzzles.Beautiful graphics and soundtrack that go right along with the characters and setting.Simple puzzles with several boss fights along the way, none of which are too simple or complex. There are lots of checkpoints to make sure you won’t be re-doing significant parts of each level if you die.Learn about the Inupiat people through a fully narrated story and short interviews. Some may say this game is more of a documentary then a game, and they would be somewhat correct. Puzzle platforming elements are cleverly tied in with historical information.ConsGlitches. I only ran into a few glitches, none of which were game breaking.Controls are clunky and sometimes make it hard to navigate.Gameplay is short: Took me around 6 hours to beat the game and 2 to beat the DLC. This can be overlooked because of the excellent immersion that this game provides for. (If that is why you bought the game)$15 is a lot to pay for ~6 hours of gameplay. However, if you want to learn about the Iñupiat people and have an immersive experience, then I highly recommend you buy this game.Highly recommended to buy, if you can overlook the $15 price tag.Although it takes only around 8 hours to complete (including Foxtales DLC), Never Alone (Kisima Ingitchuna) is worth a buy for the experience you will have. Has beautiful story, illustrations, and soundtrack, but lacks smooth controls. Never Alone can be enjoyed in singleplayer (ironic, right? Never… alone?...) or co-op mode. This game is one of my top 10 favorites, and I hope it can be one of yours too.My implemented rating system:Run away! 1-2/10Handle with caution… 3-4/10Buy on sale: 5-6/10Every day purchase: 7-8/10Must buy: 9-10/10This game's rating: 8.5/10. Great for regular purchase, a must buy."
,Not Recommended,295790,31948715,Posted: 25 May,all,ryanxj9000,"Hmmm.. I would like to recommend it, but I can't. It's beautiful, and educational, and you can tell a lot of heart and soul went into making this game, BUT as a platformer/puzzle game it is clunky as hell. The play control is BAD. It feels as if your character is moving through tar. And switching between the main character and the fox character repeatedly to complete puzzles makes everything go so sloooooow, not to mention having to wait repeatedly for the wind so you can time a jump.It's also very short. It is only worth getting if you can get it VERY cheap, and only if you are getting it for the art and educational aspects. Do not buy this if you are looking for a good platformer. It is not that."
76561197970921810,Recommended,295790,12997568,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Ifodder,It's good to have a game arrive on steam that is actually finished.Relaxing not overly complicated gameplay with very nice animations with a good story.I have been looking out for this game for a while & i was not dissapointed.
,Recommended,295790,13003509,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Hyperchaotic,Beautiful and cute game about adventures of little girl and her polar fox. Highly recommended!
,Not Recommended,295790,13105206,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,e-an,"Very bad controls. You have to die many times just because you can not figure out how to made the fox jump to what place you want. I spent hours not because the puzzles are tricky, but because the controls of the game are the worst I have ever seen."
76561198012390569,Recommended,295790,19086141,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Willow Woods,"A beautiful game which tells a tale that can match most european fairy tales.  Native American lore and stories is an untapped source of new content  which many should pay attention to!  Its a memorable game and you'll learn a lot about these people's culture while having fun!Downside its kinda short, but make sure you get Foxtales DLC!"
76561198047803992,Recommended,295790,20665321,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,RadicalAce,"Just finished playing the game and I gotta say it was worth buying!This game is quite short but provides a unique experience and lots of little tidbits of information about the culture and its' people. The switching between the fox and the girl to complete puzzles is a fun mechanic and one I hadn't seen before so it took a little getting used to. I also liked the fact that the wind played in important part in completing the puzzles, it made the game a lot more interesting.The characters did glitch out a few times for me though which did sometimes pull me out of the game's atmosphere (at one point the fox fell down off a cliff... and wouldn't stop falling down even when he was on the floor, until I accidentally made the girl jump off a cliff)All in all, Never Alone is a very nice little game with a unique and immersive atmosphere that will leave a lasting impression. Well worth buying!"
,Recommended,295790,20860539,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Tabascofanatikerin,"Never Alone tells the story of an Inupiat (= Alaskan inuit) girl called Nuna and her friend, an arctic fox. Together they basically save themselves from various dangers (from an evil villain to the forces of nature) while working together.This is a platformer which also works for 2 players. One would play Nanu, the other play the fox. I always play alone and can say that it also works fine for one person. In that case you switch between these characters.Both run, duck, hold on edges and jump. Nuna is able to throw her weapon (a bola) at breakable objects and living things and can climb latters. Her animal friend can run up walls for a short distance and jump between walls, also he is able to crawl into narrow spaces to reach things and attract natural spirits in order to help Nuna.It's about working together while also working with nature. Nuna and the fox don't only function as a team, they have to adapt themselves to the weather and natural spirits. For example: You will face a lot of heavy snow storms. They can knock you off platforms. However, they are also the key for successful wide jumps IF you calculate the storm right (or else the jump fails and you possibly die). So you don't mindlessly run or jump from A to B, you have to think - for two characters! Think of LIMBO to get an idea.And there's a DLC called Foxtales (which I rather would call Mousetales but I won't tell why). This is another little story about Nuna and her fox exploring their environment while facing a fierce creature. This short adventure is less focused on fighting and more on jumping and puzzling skills.Overall: I recommend this game. It's a fine little adventure in eternal ice and snow. The story might not be epic or grand but it doesn't have to be. It's mostly just about teamwork and working with nature and that's fine enough. You might get a bit frustrated about the controls but don't let them spoil the fun too much."
76561198158308329,Recommended,295790,23519608,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Monikaß,"This game is by far my favorite of my 200 or so games, though the DLC could have been better, in my opinion. The characters and scenery is very charming and beautiful, the story is interesting, unique, and heartfelt, and the gameplay (contrary to these other reviews), works just fine. The controls with a keyboard, I'd imagine, are a bit difficult. The controller works wonderfully though. If you just pay attention to the instructions on the screen for using your gamepad, it is actually really easy. I wouldn't buy the game if you are looking for a game with a lot of action, but if story and beautiful animation is your thing, I think you'll love it."
76561198141571153,Recommended,295790,23637655,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,morumottochan,"This game was not very long but very interesting. It had just the right length I think. I find it great to get such an interesting yet good look into a different culture. sadly although I reinstalled it something didn't work with the video files so I'll watch them on youtube or something.Anny way the visualy are really cute (especially the fox <3) and the gameplay might not be the most innovative (It's pretty much like Limbo) but it works fine is, at least for a hobby player like me, challenging at times and gives you new mechanics or whows new combinations of mechanics.So yeah, definietely worth checking out"
,Recommended,295790,23639095,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Challak,"(Note: No playtime as I played through the entire game with a friend and then immediately bought it myself)While there may be a rare case when the controls don't feel quite tight enough, or a collision box isn't 100% on point, these are so rare that, when combined with an incredible story that feels very much like an epic journey through a rich culture's legends, you really can't go wrong with buying and playing Never Alone.The developers and their collaborators have achieved something great here that I believe will be just as lasting as the oral stories upon which it's based.A wonderful experience. Made even better by sharing it with others, which is easy with its superb take on co-op play."
,Recommended,295790,13064254,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,AssassinGlasgow,"Never Alone was a great experience, and if I could classify it as something other than atmospheric puzzle-platformer, it would be as an interactive documentary and view into the cultural aspects that shape the Inupiaq people and their beliefs and way of life. The story itself is relatively simple: It is about a girl, Nuna, and her fox companion traveling to find the source of a mysterious blizzard, Since it is based off of a commonly told story, it's understandable there wouldn't be a strong emphasis on story twists or even on character development. It really does shine in incorporating a lot of different aspects of the Inupiaq culture into the game, however, and with this artistic choice it sets itself apart from other puzzle platformers. I enjoyed seeing a female protagonist, and a protagonist from a culture you would not usually see within video games. The art inspiration they drew from the art of the Inupiaq is also very apparent and delightfully different from what you might usually see.Gameplay-wise, as a puzzle platformer you control either Nuna or the fox (with one person controlling each character in co-op). A lot of puzzles will require coordination of both, and the use of the spirits added a very interesting element to the gameplay by allowing you to manipulate and change how to traverse (this is apparent later in the game). I played with a controller, and the input felt very smooth, though I heard that keyboard users may find it a bit more difficult to play. It can be a bit confusing playing by yourself and forgetting which character you're controlling, but this is very minor compared to the overall scope of the game. However, when I was not controlling a character, they sometimes moved unfavorably, resulting in my having to restart from the last checkpoint, but to my understanding a patch was rolled out prior to this review that fixed this. There were also some glitches where characters got stuck in walls, which I think may have been fixed, but as of the time of this writing is something to keep in mind before purchasing.I enjoyed my experience, and if you like learning about new cultures and some neat art design and puzzles, then I recommend picking this game up. If anything, it allowed a brief but insightful look into the culture of a people normally not represented in many works."
,Recommended,295790,13143381,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,heychrisfox,"Never Alone is a gorgeous game that tells a very unique story, with a subject matter and attention to detail that few games have been bold or earnest enough to explore. It has its faults, but if you're looking for a short and intriguing experience about Iñupiat culture, this is your jam. Read my full review below.http://www.twinfinite.net/2014/11/21/never-alone-is-a-heartfelt-arctic-adventure-review/"
,Recommended,295790,17439578,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Graceless,"A fantastic game that explores the rich lore and culture of the Inupiat people. The story was fantasic. I had the luck to listen to a Native American story teller when I was a little girl, this game allowed me to relive that experience in a brand new way, you're playing a game, but you're also immersed in a the timeless art of storytelling.It's a great game, but extremely short with a 3-4 hour game time. I feel that this is a game that would be great for kids or those being introduced to puzzle platformers. The art style is fantasic, though it loses some points with the poorly rendered fur."
,Recommended,295790,20283217,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Kitten Morag,"I'll be frank. Gameplay-wise, Never Alone is nothing to write home about. It's a standard-at-best platformer with a few bugs and a few irritating sequences.Everything else about the game, however, is an absolute pleasure. The art, music, and story are well suited and well integrated into the gameplay, and the cultural reference is absolutely superb.This isn't a game created in some development studio, it's created by a people and is a legacy. Truly a piece in favour of the 'games as art' discussion. I recommend everyone at least give it a try."
,Recommended,295790,19298527,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Juanmower,"Great little platformer that breaks up any pacing or repetitiveness issues with incredible mini-documentary videos about the region and its people. Incredibly interesting real stories that almost turn the game into a mechanism to just see more of the actual interview. They exist well together though, absolutely worth playing."
,Recommended,295790,21566547,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Whilyam,"TL:DR: Great story, poor mechanics.This game is a seriously amazing work of art. Both telling stories and educating the player on real life culture. The game centers on a young female protagonist and an artic fox that helps her. You can play with two people, each controlling one of the characters, or by  yourself and switch between the two. You unlock short videos about the culture of a tribe of native people in the arctic as you go along by finding owls. Some are easily found through regular play, others are hidden down alternate paths. All-in-all, it's a great storyAll that is great, but the game loses points for the sloppy platforming, confusing mechanics, and unintuitive design. For example, if you miss a jump, you will frequently glitch and hover in the air before finally falling to your doom. Later in the game, your fox friend can get trapped behind barriers, even when those barriers seem to lift out of his way. Throughout both stories, but particularly the second one, it's unclear when you can drown and when swimming is planned. Sometimes the game seems to demand 2 players with puzzles that require precise timing. I'm also not a fan of the pacing of the game. Through both stories, almost all the story is done slowly at the player's pace. In the last chapter of both, however, the game suddenly thinks it has to be fast and you go on rapid chase scenes. I get that it's supposed to be where players show off all the mechanics they mastered in the game in a thrilling climax, but it just feels out of place in a game where you aren't asked to have lightning fast reaction times 90% of the time, the sudden jolt of needing to do it SUPER FAST LOOK OUT THERE'S A THING CHASING YOU is a huge tonal shift that they repeat in both stories.Verdict: Get this game on a sale of 50% or greater"
,Recommended,295790,25217219,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,acrazymind,"Never Alone is a very enjoyable excursion into a culture and setting I have not experienced in games yet. The strong focus on cultural elements and story telling made it a fantastic expirience for me.From a mechanics point of view it's an average platformer, which works well enough and does a good job at supporting the main aspect - the story - without distracting attention from it. The atmosphere created by the well composed art and the very fitting soundtrack is beautiful, and it really feels like all aspects of the game are working together seamlessly to establish a mood - which is exactly how it should be.I really recommend playing Never Alone in co-op mode: I did, and working together to solve problems proved to be much more rewarding than switching between characters in singleplayer to achieve the same.There were a few glitches, such as characters getting stuck for a few seconds before getting ported out, but nothing that ever broke the flow much or even rendered the game unplayable.Finishing the game for the first time without paying any special attention to achievements etc. took us a bit more than 2 hours - which is great, since it manages to say what it wants to say in that span and does not rely on filler content just for the sake of making it longer.Definitely recommended!"
,Recommended,295790,13819254,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Vayl ♥,"Note: This review is written from the perspective who played the game SINGLE PLAYER, not co-op. I'm willing to bet co-op (which is LOCAL ONLY) is much more engaging in some aspects.So when I received Never Alone as a gift, I was ecstatic. It looked like a heart-warming, investing tale involving a little girl and her fox, with some puzzle-platforming elements to keep the pace intriguing. Thing is, while that's definitely what I got, I'm still having trouble completely recommending this game to most people.For one thing, the game is quite short. I'd be shocked if even most achievement hunters spent more than 3 hours on this platformer, and for a $15 price tag? That's asking a lot. The story, while heart touching, is quite simple and can really be summarized in a few sentences. The puzzles aren't tremendously difficult, though a few did keep me scratching my head for a minute or two. Where the game really seems to fall short are the bugs and the horrid AI you get when you're on single player. The companion you're not actively playing seems almost determined to jump off cliffs or to screw up the progress you make in a puzzle, and I lost count of the number of times I'd make a jump only for a sudden gust of wind to either stop or kick up and kill me.So why give this game a recommendation? It's really a mix of the heartwarming tale, the beautiful environments, and the incredible attention to detail with describing Inuit culture and beliefs. The intent of the game and how purely it seeks to achieve that is admirable and really deserves to be watched. If I had to recommend to someone whether to buy Call of Duty DLC or this game, I'd definitely say this. I'd rather the market be steeped with educational and emotionally investing material, even if this game didn't entirely satisfy me. If it's on sale, I say buy it, and maybe get a friend to tag along beside you."
76561198021539285,Recommended,295790,20002174,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Orahlith,"I really enjoyed the feeling of the game and the two character interraction. It would probably have been easier in co-op mode, since the AI often caused me some issues. However, I liked the concept, and the insights are really interresting to watch. Good game!"
,Recommended,295790,13205378,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,crippknottick,"Straight to the point...Pros:-optimized gameplay for controllers, Big Picture Mode compatable-charming graphics, almost Disney/Pixar style-satisfying game mechanics and challenges-logical checkpoint system-videos (Insights) are like a documentary and help you understand some of the game's lore-PC optimized, not 1 frame stutter (see my specs below)Cons:-not optimized for keyboard/mouse-runs in letterbox on 16:10 monitors-short game length, approximately 3 hours from start to finish (including watching Insights and dieing about 20 times)-kind of pricey, if you can get it for $7.00 USD or less then it's a bargainConculsion:I learned much of the native Alaskan Iñupiat heritage through this game. As Totalbiscuit described in his review of this game there are plenty of real-world culture, lore, and mythology to make games from. It's a shame not too many games do this and try to make up their own universes. Don't get me wrong those made-up universes are good, but it's nice to see some real-world cultures (besides European medieval and Helenistic) brought into a game. The game is not the most innovative. I have to admit, this game felt as good to play as Sonic 2/3 did as a kid. I highly recommend it.My specs for reference:-Intel i5-3570k @ stock speeds-Nvidia GTX 660 2GB-10GB RAM-WD Green 5200 RPM drives-Windows 7 Home Premium (64-bit)"
76561198055269636,Recommended,295790,20770159,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Ron,"Giving too fast a vote to this game could not be correct and fair, so i meditated a bit and this is what i decided to write...Let's start saying that this game is a PLATFORM with some puzzle and a little adventure storyline in the background, so, just judging this game as what it is, i should give it a 8/10 because, altough there is double option to play it coop in 2, each one controlling one of 2 main characters or playing it alone as a single player who can control both together, this game was intended, in my opinion, mainly for the coop, cause me, as i only play single player games (not like much coop) i found some of the parts very difficult, while probably they were very easy if played in 2, so i think Devs did not take too much care for alone players, also controls are not the best in this world, making some movements a little annoying in the hardest parts of the game, this said, the game is playable enough and so enjoyable, i had serious problems only in 2 situations but once i discovered what to do i realized were doable....But this is not only a game, inside there is also a Documentary that talks about the iñupiat , and this got me totally, it was very intense, gave me the chance to know better these beautiful people and made me love them, this was really good and emotional, i give to this part 11/10.So, considering that a videogame, for me, is always not just a game but a form of art, i consider the artistic value of this game very high.I wanted to give it an higher score, but, really controls are not perfect, pity, maybe the next game from these great devs will get it.....So i recommend this game to anyone, cause is worth it.My Final Score is90/100"
,Recommended,295790,16515736,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,myrsyli,"It's really hard to decide whether I should recommend the game or not, so let's put it this way: if you like gorgeous looking games, the game is on sale AND if you have a friend to play this with, go ahead and play.All in all the graphics are really, really neat and the story is pretty and interesting, but almost everything in the controls rubs me the wrong way. Slippery, unresponsive controls and suicidal AI (when playing alone) really isn't a good combination in a platformer that tries to make you hurry so you don't die horribly. And I'm pretty sure I don't even have to mention the bugs (falling through the world, getting stuck between walls). Most of the game's charm comes from watching the scenery, quite frankly.Even though I did find the educational videos you unlock through playing quite interesting you really don't need the game specifically to hear all those stories. You can always read books or look stuff up on the internet. It still is a really nice touch that makes me wish the game itself was better just so I could say I love it.I myself enjoyed the game but didn't really think I had gone through anything exceptionally good. The game isn't exactly BAD, it just doesn't do what it should be doing the right way. The cultural value and the pretty graphics make the game worth the while, but is it something to remember after some years? Not really."
,Recommended,295790,29227171,Posted: 13 January,all,LillySan,"Never Alone is a beautiful game. The story is really carefully written to guide the player through a new culture (at least for those that as me are not familiar with the culture ´portrayed). It is touching and still adventurous and exceptionally enjoying to play. A little bit short, but I'd say it was worth it's price as I had fun playing it.Pros: Unique art style. Well culture driven. Lots of extra contents.Cons: No more than a day's worth of playing (8 hours or so if you enjoy exploring all of the scenario and getting all achievements, and really enjoying the art style.)"
,Recommended,295790,19711749,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Tracey McCabe,Played this with my husband and really enjoyed the collaborative aspect. Really nice story told beautifully. Really enjoyed the cultural insights. A really fun way to learn about the community.
,Recommended,295790,26458161,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,ALF In Space,"I recommend this not as a game, but as a great opportunity for education.  As a game alone, I would not have gotten very far, and would be hesitant to recommend it.  However, when examined as a whole, this product delivers on what it sets out to do - and that is bring life to the stories and culture of the Kisima Ingitchuna people.If you're looking for just gameplay, and don't really feel any excitement over the prospect of learning about a native american culture, then I would say this is probably not a game for you, you would be better off playing something else (Limbo has similar gameplay and is probably a bit more polished when it comes to the gameplay mechanics themselves).If you are interested in learning about the Kisima Ingitchuna culture, this will be a unique experience,one that is much more interesting than just walking into a museum.  The Kisima Ingitchuna described themselves as a ""living culture"", and this game certainly exemplifies that.  I would love it if more native american tribes would create something similar, as this type of storytelling has tremendous potential to bring education and appreciation of native american culture, bringing it to life more than the still displays of a museum could."
76561198043141128,Recommended,295790,29474181,Posted: 24 January,all,aheusser,"My wife and I enjoyed playing Never Alone (and the Foxtales DLC) together as a couch co-op.  It is not long, not hard, and has visuals and a narrative that we both enjoyed.I think that it is best played in this way as opposed to single-player (in which you switch between controlling one or the other character).  In co-op, each player has something to contribute, and the one truly needs the other. If you are interested in truly playing ""together"" (as we were) ... instead of playing against one another, then you may find this game to be a nice diversion.My wife appreciated the fact that the game wasn't overly ""stressful"" or had much in the way of ""destruction"" (i.e., where the means of accomplishing a goal was essentially to hurt, break, or destroy something else).The game has some bugs that sometimes resulted in our not being able to unlock every single piece of bonus content (i.e., if we failed a jump at the very end of a chapter, the chapter might advance anyway, without giving us an opportunity to try again).  Also, I found that the Cultural Insights bonus videos would not play on my machine when I launched the game through Steam's ""Big Picture Mode"".  However, if I launched the game outside of Big Picture (i.e., by directly running the Never Alone icon on my desktop) the Cultural Insights would play fine.  So yes, there are some quality issues ... but not too frustrating and not enough to make me not want to keep on going.I played as fox ... which I enjoyed quite a bit.  The movement and animation, while perhaps ""simple"", was still fun to watch and control.In the latter part of the game, fox undergoes a transformation ... which I found not as enjoyable to play for me personally ... I just wanted to get back to being fox again. Thankfully, I got to play fox some more afterward: in the Foxtales DLC.If you are looking for a pretty casual little game to play together on your couch with your friend or significant other, then I think you might want to consider this game. We got it on sale for $6, and we think it was worth the experience at that price."
76561198025984107,Recommended,295790,27962970,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,LastSoul,This game is just beautiful!The strory gets you really into the game like a good book or a movie. After you have completed a chapter you get a short video about the Inupiat people. I really enjoyed watching those and I wanted to learn more about them.Graphics are great and the game looks good. Music and sounds are awesome and they make the atmosphere amazing.And this is one of those few games that will get you emosional and maybe even make you drop a few tears. At least I did.I played this game alone but I will definitely play it again with a friend.
,Recommended,295790,24547843,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,R.I.P Nestor Madrigal,"This. Game. Is. Beautiful.The story is amazing. That's all i have to say.Honest Rating: 10/10!Recommendable? YES!! (Well, if you like story-based games/Platform games)"
76561198333651269,Recommended,295790,26425213,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,prongs977,"Can't tell if this game is a puzzle platformer or one of those rage quit games. With the combination of clunky and very hard to control mechanics and downright stupid AI, this game will drive you crazy from time to time. With that out of the way, gameplay is very simple; you will control a girl and a fox, both of them has different abilities in their skill sets that you will have to use with combinations of both of them to get throught the levels. Puzzles are simple enough and throughout the game they will keep adding up. Towards the end of the game one of the characters will get a major change in it's gameplay mechanics but it's not better in anyway, I found the change just as frustrating as it was before. However i will have to state that, game explores  the Alaskan culture in a beautiful way. This and the story alone makes this game a total win. Alaskan culture and their stories that are meant to prepare you for life are told beautifully and from metaphores to gameplay transitions are very well made. Some of the elements from the stories that are told by the narrator makes their way into the game such as enemies or platforming items and they blend in perfectly with the game it self. One of the things i did not pay attention at first during my playthrough was, ""Cultural Insights"". They are short videos in the form of documantary, capturing the thoughts of native Alaskans on specific items or stories or just their culture in general. These Insights will unlock whenever you encounter a specific object, a place or a being and i highly recommend everyone to watch these as they unlock. I found myself being very eager to unlock the next one after I watched a few of them and they are definitely the highlights of the game. I even found my self tearing up a little bit just because their respect for that culture and how touching it was watching them talk about it."
,Recommended,295790,25840505,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,ValcourG,"Solid game, and quite interesting. Only thing that I will remember about it unfortunaley, is that i suck at sidescrollers."
,Recommended,295790,28912597,Posted: 1 January,all,Jane Doe,Very nice and interesting game.Really enjoyed it. It's even better if you play with a friend!
,Recommended,295790,29164522,Posted: 10 January,all,Sirup,Super nice game
,Recommended,295790,27346099,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TRiMGamingDK,"An emotional platform game, much like Ori And The Blind Forest.It has some great graphics, simple mechanics, but with great puzzles and then it teaches you about the inuit people from Alaska. Really inspiring and original!"
76561198002234608,Not Recommended,295790,21156596,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Flutterguy,"Maybe pick this game up on sale. I got it at 80% off and still felt short changed. Great premise but the poor controls, bad camera and short length really let it down."
,Recommended,295790,29176245,Posted: 10 January,all,ShiroIce,"This game was absolutely beautiful, the gameplay and over all game itself was not overly difficult at all so you were able to focus on the story more. The story itself had a lot of videos and back sstory to explain it and the game over all was just amazing."
76561198101364465,Recommended,295790,14268234,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Bernard,"Awesome story to learn about the native Alaskan peopleMore games should implement cultural stories into their games, an enjoyable educational experienceThe game has good graphics with great local co-op. It's a short game but teaches more than games five times its playtime.Really enjoyed it and would easily recommend it to anyone looking for a unique experience.Buy it for the rich story."
76561198025531415,Not Recommended,295790,27751275,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,wrongstuff,"I wish there was a scale you could rate games upon.5/10.The game was pretty, and had a great sound track, but the overrall gameplay and mechanics were rather boring and quite repetitive."
76561197995186478,Not Recommended,295790,30778127,Posted: 27 March,all,Monkeyfoot,Played this game with a friend locally and it just didn't grab our attention at all.The beginning was slow and the puzzles weren’t fun or exciting.
,Recommended,295790,29430058,Posted: 22 January,all,Lumi,Arctic fox. Go for it.
,Recommended,295790,26574586,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,ellietphonehome,"This is a beautiful platformer and story. It tells the lives of Native Americans both as a video game and from themselves. I love to hear the history I have been missing out on. It is like a journy to Alaska, but not a stupid touristy one. That being said, the game itself is also enjoyable. The platformer is a little difficult, but not enough to make you want to give up. Lot's of fun with a friend as an alternative to movie night!"
,Recommended,295790,26580101,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Exion,"Ingeniously designed game, atmospheric, very good story, extremely good graphics and atmosphere. I enjoyed playing this game."
,Recommended,295790,24096486,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,T.K.,"This is really good game, it totally worth the experience inside this Culture. I really liked it. :) Story is quite nice and game-play is good, it is not hard at all.. Just enjoy it."
,Recommended,295790,16543942,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,gayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy,Great game but the controls are kinda difficult. Even when you figure out how to do a puzzle it can take a lot of tries to get the characters to do the actions you want them to. If you can look past this then the game is great! Story is nice and the added insights are facinating.
,Recommended,295790,27177394,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Archarzel,"A fantastic game. Short, sweet and poignant, with a rich cultural back story and a playfully shifting art style.It's rather short (although I haven't gotten around to the expansion) and I would probably call it more of an experience than a game. Limited replay, but worth so much more than the asking price."
76561198025052707,Recommended,295790,27177597,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ERJRinderknecht,I can't say enough good things about this game.  Preserving Inuit heritage and spreading it to people who may not have otherwise seen it is a really nice byproduct of this title. I highly reccomend playing through this one. I absolutely loved the real life stories about Inuit life that went along with it. Very well done!
76561198005513060,Recommended,295790,31786489,Posted: 16 May,all,dr_propaganda,Utterly beautiful game.
,Not Recommended,295790,25459126,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Vortiene,"It's decent. Graphics are reasonable, the style of the game is nice, puzzles are fairly barebones but OK. It's only 3.5 hours long. The teachings regarding inuit/northern culture are probably the most interesting part, and they really shove the documentary videos in your face. The first 70% of the game is essentially exactly what you'd expect. Fox and girl puzzle platforming with switching between characters in an arctic setting, with some rather unexpectedly interesting settings (inside a whale, among ghosts of the northern lights were settings I did not expect to see.)However, the game became impossible to take seriously in the last 30% when the main character's 'sidekick' (the arctic fox) was replaced by a floating eskimo man in a polar bear suit that swims through the air. (I sh** you not) Moreover, at that point, control issues and game glitches become a lot more common. I had many glitches happen in the final sections of the game, once even getting stuck inside a wall and having to restart the area.The documentary videos require a video decoder to be installed, despite them just being MP4 files. How come the developers couldn't pre-render them like 99% of other games? The game can't show the important culture info videos if you don't have this bloatware installed.In the end, the game itself is just decent and has quite a few issues with normal usage. Unless you really want some education on northern culture, I'd say skip it, as it feels somewhat overpriced for what it is."
,Recommended,295790,34077340,Posted: 7 August,all,N4SWS,"In this game you play as a little girl named Nuna and/or her pet arctic fox, through a series of puzzle platforming levels. The gameplay is very solid either in singleplayer or through local as co-op. It has a very fluid feel to it all, as well as a beautifully crafted story.The story is based off the Alaskan natives known as the Iñupiaq, and the game has very strong cultural undertones. To be more accurate the game is based off of the stories that the Iñupiaq people tell eachother and pass down from generation to generation. As you play throughout the game you can discover these hidden little owls that unlock short movie clips (about 2 minutes each) that explain the culture and traditions of the Iñupiaq people. There are 24 clips in total, with 5 additional in the DLC known as Foxtales.It was a absolutely beautiful experience I had playing this game, and would reccomend it to anybody looking not only for a fun platforming game, but also for a fascinating learning experience of a different culture.The base game took me roughly 4 hours to beat and would score it a 4/5.The DLC Foxtales took me 1 hour to beat and would score it a 5/5. (This DLC is a masterpiece)The last hour was spent watching the 29 clips in total.So for 15 dollars (19 if including Foxtails) you're getting about a 6 hour experience full of fun and laughter and challenges along the way. It's also a game you could definitely come back to again and again because of the fun to be had through the local co-op.So in conclusion GET THIS GAME. It's 100% worth your time. I definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,295790,34209537,Posted: 13 August,all,6ap6apblckaAa,"This is an adventure game with some simple platforming and simple emvironmental puzzles.What stands out here is a marvellous presentation of the story and the lifestyle of the inuit people. It's quite relaxing with a challenge here and there. I liked the style of videos, where you are thrown right in the middle of the story without all the needless introductions.The largest problem here is the sloppy controls, as in all unity games I've seen so far. But it's doable."
76561198040557245,Not Recommended,295790,18143782,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,MTC36,This looked like quite a charming game so I gave it a go.However it didn't meet my expectations:- Gameplay felt repetitive and slow paced- Wasn't grasped by the story- I was confused about when I should use the fox or the girl3/10
76561198091370587,Recommended,295790,19844403,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,k1tty kitty,nice and really cute game:)
76561198047217890,Recommended,295790,27343969,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Erya,"Very fascinating game, the proof that a funny and cultural game is possible.Deeply touching, it will reminds you how everything on Nuna - the Land - and Sila - the Sky - is interconnected and has a soul on its own and we should just learn again how to respect and protect it, to get respect and protection back.I loved it from the very first momentI hope you too"
,Recommended,295790,25892344,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Coover000#5109,"Good adventure/action game with fine puzzle solving. The whole story is about saving your hometown(from a ugly bad guy and an intense blizzard), under a main theme of human, animals and nature. The game has a 5-6 hrs playthrough with all collection (in other words all achivements), DLC included. As an indie game (I think?), the music and graphics are pretty good (and I can see the hard work behind them). There are some bugs though they does not affect your playing very much. But I have to say, when in single player mode, the AI for the other character is dumb. I hope it'll have online co-op mode later. OH and the controling - I don't mean action, just the game control - it is uncomfortable, sometimes annoying. (Btw I played with an XBOX ONE controller. Actually the characters' movement and action have great inertia in order to make it more realistic, but also harder for you to control. I myself fell off the cilff several times.)Rate it 7.5/10"
76561198066078825,Recommended,295790,18828039,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Hades,"A polarizing experience. I very much enjoyed all the details surrounding Never Alone – the artwork, the mission and especially the insights into the Inupiaq culture – but I was very frustrated by the repetitive and poorly-designed gameplay. Despite the occasional aggravation, playing the game was overall a positive experience and a trend in edutainment that I hope continues. 6/10."
,Recommended,295790,27236549,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Versellios,Game will move you emotionally and at the same time teach you about an American culture you may know nothing about.  It's simply amazing!
,Not Recommended,295790,28586372,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,zmish93,Main issue of this game is that it doesn't bring anything new to a platformer genre.Pros:Nice storyCons:Boring and repetitive game mechanicsVery short (less than 3h to complete all game)Bad quality of animationsSome gameplay bugs which make you lose the game and retry level from the last savepoint3/10
76561198096095606,Not Recommended,295790,26049360,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,LoneSheWolf,"Nice little game with cute graphics and sometimes hard puzzles to solve (the hardest one is in the DLC) but I was highly disappointed by the main story, especially its ending because it made no sense at all (imo, I won't talk about it more to avoid spoilers). So yeah, I'm kinda disappointed, my advice would be to only buy it if it's under 5$..."
76561198170718286,Recommended,295790,25778452,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Beautifulblue,"This game was an amazing quick play and I ecspecially loved the stories you could watch. My family is from the Inupiat tribe, and I appreciate this game so much because I've learned so much about my background that my mom could never teach me, So I think this game is great play and great wait to educate people on this Tribe in Alaska."
76561198202786928,Not Recommended,295790,24170474,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,OnlyCurmudge,"Like other neg reviews state, this one is hampered by bad controls and mechanics.  It turns an otherwise attractive and culturally enriching experience into a tedious and annoying ""die and retry"" one.  I really wanted to like this one, but I cannot recommend it."
,Not Recommended,295790,29436399,Posted: 22 January,all,whisky.tango.fox,"Beautiful... I v much appreciated the story and the documentary aspects of this game. But too glitchy, controls felt awkward, and at times the graphics felt too slow and unresponsive.Definitely just something to play through once and be done, which is such a shame for something that seemed so gorgeous."
76561198053707769,Recommended,295790,13010733,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,shawncarvajal,"You can join me as I experience the story and gameplay of Never Alone.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b65P6JMBD8cAfter a couple of hours with the game, and recording episodes for youtube, I have a love/hate relationship with the game. At first glance, it's another puzzle platformer like Limbo and Valiant Hearts, and like Valiant Hearts, attempts to educate and inform people, which I greatly appreciate and find is a key part of understanding both the culture in the real world and the parallel to the game. But at it's core it's still your standard puzzle platformer. Right to left, learn mechanics, solve the puzzle. I love that.The hate, however, lies in the actual gameplay. My major problem is the unresponsive controls, more specifically not being able perform an action without significant lag, and tht has cause me to die numerous amounts of time. It may be because I am using a mouse and keyboard, but regardless this lag shouldn't exist. More annoying is the fact that the AI that accompanies you will sometimes glitch out and kill itself or cause myself to kill myself, resulting in the need to start over. Again, happened numerous times and resulted in me dying a lot. And my third problem is about when I need to solve a puzzle, but obstacles generate that render it impossible to complete the puzzle without having to return to checkpoint. It's only happened a few times, but it's still worth mentioning that it made me frustrated and waste a lot of time.All that said, I still find myself enjoying the game, both the educational aspect and actually playing the game. No doubt there are major improvements programming wise that I hope will be address soon, but until then I will continue to press forward, as the story is fun, deep, and embracing."
,Recommended,295790,13009425,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,VolOpt,Not a very long game but really interesting story and cultural insights. Coupled with a really nice aesthetic.The only really thing that irritated me from time to time was the AI partner. Most of the time it was fine but occasionally it would do something really stupid like jump into a pit trying to follow you and there where a few places where it was really hard to juggle both characters to solve one of the few time critical puzzles. Which resulted in having to attempt one or two segment several times.Over all it was a really nice experience.
76561198037574402,Recommended,295790,13213067,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Simbeline,"Never Alone - Kisima Ingitchuna Review (no spoilers)Just finished getting 100% completion on this game on PC, with the achievement ‘Insightful’ from watching all the cultural insight videos. Anyway, if you’ve heard of Never Alone then you probably know the background of it - an Indie video game company and game made by indigenous people as part of an effort to preserve and share their cultural heritage. I’m going to be talking about this game as someone who doesn’t come from that culture, so I can’t speak to its accuracy or anything like that. I’ll mostly talk about the gameplay, graphics, etc.StoryThe basic premise is that Nuna, the main character, lives in a village that is being hit with non-stop blizzards, to the point that they can’t go out to hunt or anything and so people are hungry. The main objective is to find the source of the blizzards and stop them, but you get to have a few other adventures along the way. The other main character is an arctic fox, who helps Nuna traverse areas she might not otherwise be able to get to in her search. The traditional story this game is based on is called Kunuuksayuka.GameplayNever Alone is an action puzzle platformer game that uses jumping, climbing, swinging and other actions to complete levels. For an indie game, the controls are relatively responsive, though that doesn’t mean they aren’t occasionally frustrating. Playing it is much easier with a friend in local coop. That doesn’t mean, of course, that it’s unplayable in single player either with a keyboard and mouse or with a controller, just that it would be easier with two.I say this because Nuna is easier to play with a keyboard and mouse, and the fox is easier to play with a controller. Nuna generally goes left or right (except in the water level), and the bola is easier to use and aim with a mouse. I didn’t play her with a controller much, so maybe you could get used to it, but I found the ‘flick’ method of firing difficult. On the other hand, once the fox gains the ability to fly, he is much, much easier to play with a controller for maneuverability. Also, there are several points, particularly near the end that require fast switching between the two characters, which in single player makes you either stuck with difficulty using the bola if you’re using the controller, or difficulty getting around as the fox if you’re using the keyboard.Overall, the controls are fairly natural, the company didn’t try to do anything too weird that would be difficult for people to get used to. If you play any PC or controller games at all, you should pick it up fairly easily. One benefit of the game is that there are no lives, so you can keep playing and replaying as many times as you want.ArtThe environments are lovely, there’s good indicators for various events (like strong winds, wind direction, spirit presence, which spirit you’re currently moving, etc), and aside from minor clipping issues occasionally there was nothing to really break immersion with the game. I also like the art style used during some of the cutscenes.Sound & VoiceThe main awesome thing sound-wise this game is that it’s narrated entirely in Inupiaq, with subtitles in 5 languages. The voice actor is apparently a master storyteller, which is easy to believe. As the main carrier of the story in game, he has the pretty monumental task of dragging you in - in another language, even - and in my opinion he did a great job.Overall 9/10 just for minor control issues. Be sure to watch the cultural insight videos! They’re all quite good."
76561198032733014,Recommended,295790,13015930,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Quiksilvercore,this game is absolutely beautiful i recommend it to everyone who loves artistic games 10/10
,Recommended,295790,13018453,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Onionike,"Decent story, Good gameplay, and amazing art style! I give it a 8.5/10 :)"
76561197960673868,Not Recommended,295790,15012565,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,venator,"This is the worst coded game I have ever played on any system. It is full of bugs, to say the least. The jumping is clumsy, at best, and you will commonly find yourself missing jumps due to the poor input response, or the character was too far over the edge, or I really don't know because the jump timings constantly seem to be changing... Other, more rare, times you bug out and jump farther and overshoot everything, (including your wildest imagination). There is also a random delay that can occur as well, which becomes very troublesome considering the tedious and unforgiving circumstances which the game puts you into like having to press B quickly before the wind picks up and O NO TOO LATE YOUR BUTTON DELAYED AND YOU FELL INTO THAT PIT. No worries, LET'S RESPAWN YOU RIGHT AS THE WIND IS BLOWING SO YOU DON'T EVEN HAVE A CHANCE THIS TIME. (Good thing they add checkpoints about every 3 jumps or so or I would have uninstalled long before 2.5 hours.)Add to that a terrible control for aiming the bola, lag (in an offline game wtf?!, My computer is way more than able to run a game like this.), and repetitive chase scenarios where they give you no spare time and basically force you to fail repeatedly if you do not know what lies ahead (this is where the random delays become most terrible), and you have a completely frustrating and aggravating experience.  The fun parts of this game are short-lived as you are suddenly reminded why it is so bad with some misfortune. I'm kind of just into it now to see the rest of the unlockable videos.The puzzles are not satisfying, they are cruel and tedious given the poor controls. Honestly, they should have just made a  cultural documentary and cut out this bug-ridden horribly coded game that, minus the antropological aspect, is a less than mediocre platformer.Did anyone playtest this thing before release? 2/5, 1 point for the concept and raising awareness, and 1 for making that money. Upset: yes. Buy this game: for < $5 if you have a good sense of humor about all the fails you will make."
,Not Recommended,295790,14710844,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,4CCiD3NT,"Ahhh man..this game.... It's so difficult to rate it using Steam's system, cause I don't know if I can recommend this to anyone, even though it's a decent game.First of all, this is a platformer. Any good platformer relies on two very important things: responsive controls and interesting gameplay. Does this game have any of those two things? No.  The characters sometimes don't jumb, they don't move where you want them to, they don't aim where you want them to and in general don't feel as responsive as they should. Is this gameplay interesting? Well, it's alright. Nothing new...just some good ol' jumping and running.I've seen games that did what this game is trying to do, in a MUCH better and interesting way (e.g. Brothers).How much game-time do you get from this game? 5 hours max. (Which is not much, given what this game costs)Is the story interesting? Again, it's alright.. I've seen games with much more interesting storylines and characters.So, what are the pros? It looks nice... and the music is calm and relaxing.. Shame that all of this is overshadowed from your frustration, since you'll find yourself dying over and over again even due to the bad controls or the incredibly stupid AI.So, at the end of the day, this game is a platformer, but not a good one. It's trying to be a relaxing game, but it's incredibly frustrating. It a story-driven game, but the story is average. And it costs 15euros even though you can finish it in less than 5 hours.Buy Brothers instead."
76561198010487707,Recommended,295790,13010481,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Cpt. X.Creme,"I've bought this game yesteday for my girlfriend and me to play the local-coop mode. We both loved the game until it ended AFTER JUST FOUR HOURS of the whole story mode.Nonetheless, I like the game but it's definetely not worth the price."
76561198153332619,Recommended,295790,13020285,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,BA$ED JESUS,"This game from what I've played so far is amazing. The scenery, characters and story are amazing and the cultural references throughout is a beautiful touch..."
76561198017060549,Recommended,295790,13020341,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Squiggles,"This game is a fantastic step in allowing North American stories to be told by North Americans, and is very informative and pretty fun on co-op (requires a controller). You earn videos of the Iñupiaq, which preserve cultural information while explaining symbols in-game. As an anthropologist, I'm very pleased by this game."
,Recommended,295790,13020740,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Shadrach,"Never Alone (Kisima Ingitchuna) is a beautiful and emotional little game about a girl and a fox trying to find the cause of a blizzard that is threatening their world. The game is based on Alaskan Inuit folklore and conveys part of the culture with short documentaries that can be found throughout the game. These short films are a very novel and interesting way to make the player think about man's place in nature, and what we are doing to the world around  us.Gameplay is a mix of puzzle platforming and some tricky timing/running. It does get a bit frustrating at times, and at certain parts there is a lot trial-and-error. But it never gets to the point of getting irritating.Midway through the main gameplay gets a pretty big change and this is really beautifully implemented.The winter landscape in the game is lovely, and the game does a good job of conveying the feeling being in a cold and dangerous world. The game is short, about five hours to finish and find all the collectibles, but very much worth the money for the enjoyment, and the wonderfully shot documentary shorts about Inuit culture is almost worth the price alone."
,Recommended,295790,17135381,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Brainsample,"Simple platforming game with a really interesting story. I never learned so much from a game, I think I might have earned a college credit."
76561198023023915,Not Recommended,295790,22097676,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,hagakuremoi,"My expectations were so high, unfortunately these were ruined by the clunky controls and tedious puzzles."
,Recommended,295790,19525717,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Bootstrapp,"This little dreamer has already been thoroughly reviewed: the subtle and immersive score, the cutesy fox and female protagonist, the cultural awakening..What I would like to add is my personal experience: totally unobjective and tainted with the feeling that I've just spent a month in the Arctic wildernesses to the far north!There is a bit of 'what I expected this game to be' vs 'what it actually was' in the review section, it's justified. Welcome surprises were the 'cultural insight' video easter eggs to unlock as the game progresses, they serve to add context to the storyline of the game which is narrated in the native tongue of the people. The story carries as an oral tradition should; slightly whimsical with a dark knife edge of precautionary wisdom.Never Alone took me just about 5 hours to complete. I feel refreshed by the experience, that it was entertainment time well spent. I'm wiser about Alaskan subsistence  cultures and their connection to the world they form a symbiotic relationship with.If you're looking for a game that will draw you in, teach, inspire thoughts you mightn't have had before: this one is for you."
,Recommended,295790,19495451,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,President James A. Garfield,"Learn about the Inupiak by playing this simple platformer. Recommended for players who like unique art and characters, as well as those who enjoy cultural documentary. Not recommended for those who prefer gameplay and replay value above all else. Never Alone is gaming as visual art and literature more than pure puzzle, skill, or play. Aspiring developers and game story-authors would do well to play this one to see how one can break the dragon, wizard, fantasy story mould. Game uses the Unity game engine.The overarching strength of this game is its story, art, and the brief documentary videos, which can be watched during or between levels, or even skipped. The sound direction is also very well done. The weakness of the game are the sometimes clunky controls (I used the keyboard) and the simplistic gameplay. Had to restart due to a glitch once, and encountered a couple of game bugs. However, it took me three hours to beat the main game (and watch most of the videos.)Even with its flaws, the engaging story and polished art style makes me recommend this game. Wish there were more games like this."
,Not Recommended,295790,21827354,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,KnexFour,"Interesting story and art, but the controls are unresponsive. Sometime the AI that controls the second character (when playing single player) is poor. Would reccomend if it were not for the unresponsive and frustrating controls"
76561198027326496,Not Recommended,295790,21885876,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Fronzel,"The documentary videos are mildly interesting but the problem is that you have to play a mediorce platformer to unlock them. If you miss one I doubt you'll be excited to re-play a level to find it. I'd rather have watched them on Youtube.Beyond just not being very intersting, the platforming can get annoying because it's a bit buggy and if you're playing in single-player mode the character you're not controlling has poor AI and will stumble into death, forcing you to replay the section. This happened to me multiple times.Limbo is the game that caused the recent trend of side-scrolling platformers and Never Alone compares poorly to it in every way."
,Recommended,295790,23093784,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Spooky Scary Kenny,"The gameplay was pretty simple, but got a bit tough in some spots which kept it preetty fresh going through. It's a nice game in my opinion to sit down and relax with, and the cultural insights you can find scattered through the game make it even more worth playing. I enjoyed it!"
,Recommended,295790,30268384,Posted: 1 March,all,₫ ₰ _ХƭŘėMэЯ,Beautiful..Foxtales DLC is a must play.
,Recommended,295790,29913718,Posted: 13 February,all,OH JACKIE ONE TIME I SAW A GHOST,good game play local co-op with a friend. Some parts get tedious if you suck at jumping; which I DO.
76561198022395043,Recommended,295790,24767074,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,your_breakfast,Worth playing at least once.
,Recommended,295790,21954748,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,MCR TERRY,It's a short game with a beautiful history for you learn about another culture.Open your mind and play thinking about the message that they are going through.
,Not Recommended,295790,14681498,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Sparkileptic,"If you don't have a competent team of game designers and developers, for the love of Warren Spector and Shigeru Miyamoto, do not work on a platform/puzzler that has you micro-managing the actions of two characters. What a disappointing mess.Don't let me deter you completely from the game, however. The sound design and overall charm of the game is definitely worth your time, specially if obscure stories of lesser known tribes capture your interest. Based on a collection of Alaskan myths and folklore, Never Alone puts you in charge of a little girl named Nanu and her arctic fox companion, as they journey to establish the source of the blizzard that has struck her village.Plaguing your adventure are floaty controls devised by Lucifer himself and an obnoxious aiming mechanism designed by Beelzebub and his spawns. Seriously, whoever greenlit that aiming function has never played a game past 1983 and should not be in charge of such a task, if any task at all. Fire him/her/them now.Is this game worth your time? Only if you are an Inuit, an Inuit sympathizer, or related to any member of the studio. Otherwise, you're better off playing the far superior Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons."
76561198074569351,Not Recommended,295790,23637837,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,sol5011,No Local Coop possible using Steam Controllers - Don't buy it for this reason
,Not Recommended,295790,26038814,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Argi,I like the concept and I like the insights but I can't say the game is terribly fun.  Didn't get too far into it.
76561198169227641,Not Recommended,295790,13602342,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,crowskinned,"A beautiful creation, but the gameplay mechanics make it nearly possible to become immersed. To call it buggy is a gross understatement. This game feels very unpolished and is borderline unplayable--between the significant lag, glitched jumps, and outrageously bugged climbing mechanic, I struggle to get through what should be very simple barriers. There have also been several times in which the fox inexplicably slid straight down through the ground and died.I was very much looking forward to Kisima Ingitchuna because of the Limbo-esque platform and puzzle style. However, the gameplay is such a huge turnoff that I deeply regret purchasing it. Would love to revisit and replay it if the bugs are ever corrected. Otherwise, I really can't recommend this game."
76561198066295342,Not Recommended,295790,17395481,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,TheSillyWhale,"So i bought this game with high hopes, it looked very artistic and fun but buying the game for full price is simply not worth it. the game is unfinished, with glitches that will force you to restart the level because you cant advance and the controls dont feel tight at all trying to aim the bola is so frustrating and sometimes you cant even grab the ledge i feel like the desginer spent more time gathering clips for the mini documentarys than actually creating a game yes i thought the story was great and a very cool idea but 15 dollars for an unfinished game is outrageuous"
,Not Recommended,295790,13519399,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,wonzo,could be a neat little game if they bothered to fix the bugs
,Recommended,295790,25989304,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Chaderlen,"To be honest, the game itself is boring and casual - it is a typical 2D-platformer. It is not that difficult. But it has something that makes it special - it contains videos about the life of Inuits. How do they live, what are their beliefs etc. These heart-warming stories narrated by the descendants of Inuits were the reason why I kept playing this game! Now it is 10/10"
,Not Recommended,295790,13555883,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,kimerblee,"I was really excited to play this game.  The characters and story were unique, and the artwork was stunning.  However the glitches are a nightmare!  Upon countless pointless deaths, I was frustrated that a game with such potential would suck this badly.  After returning to continue my saved game, the white snow somehow turned black, making it completely impossible to play.  There was no turning back from that.  At this point, this game should not be sold."
,Not Recommended,295790,17326440,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,glmagalhaes,"Ok, the art is nice, the soundtrack is good, the concept is interesting, the story behind the game is realy cool, I played it with afriend and it was fun.But, the ammount of bugs is alarming for a game that was released more than 8 months ago and is still in development, the platforming between moving platform is awkward and may just bug in many ways killing you, later in the game you have to move plataforms and certain objects, but you don't have any visual cue if they are movable or even which plataform you are moving.Also the game is realy short even with the dlc, I finished it in 3 hours, with what I would call a high number of deaths, and with 100%, the DLC is just half an hour long.Even with all that problems, what I realy take in consideration for not recommending the game are the bugs, because they are repeatable and trackable, so you can analyse them and fix, they are not random bugs that are hard to deal with.But if the game is with a good discount, like 75%, for everything, including the DLC and soundtrack, I can recommend it because it's a good experience."
,Not Recommended,295790,32829684,Posted: 26 June,all,Overv,"I'm really unsure whether to recommend this game or not. The story is fun, the art style is nice and the videos with background info about traditions from Alaska are quite interesting. It's also a fairly decent platformer.... when the game works. Man, is this one of the buggiest games I've ever played. I've had events in levels not being triggered, requiring a restart from a checkpoint. The last cutscene in the game simply didn't load, so I had to skip it and watch the ending on YouTube. The AI companion is either killing themselves or standing still half the time.In its current state I don't think I could recommend it. However, if you are going to play this game, then I would really recommend playing it co-op with a friend instead of by yourself. The game is a rather frustrating experience otherwise."
76561198027708457,Recommended,295790,13088253,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Katjua goddess of dildos,"When I played this game, I had so many feelings about it.I really liked the story telling was with the orginalt language (ofcourse with sub) thoit only took me 4-5 hours to get through this.But when you first where in the game, you have to hear the rest of the story.And the graphics is beautiful on it's own way.The controls. Yeah they could't have been done a little bit different on a gamepad.But thats just a detail that you easily can live with.I can only say.I laughedI cryedI got angry ect.Play this and enjoy!"
,Recommended,295790,13078722,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,SPOOKHUNT,"This game is wonderful. I look at it as more of an educational, teaching tool than anything else. While there are some glitches and at certain points it seems as if it'd be a bit easier with two players, I thoroughly enjoy how the game is laid out. The Iñupiat are master story tellers and this is exactly what they are doing, they are telling us a story, an incredibly important one about cultural, a community, and even about the climate. I highly suggest purchasing this game if only to learn more about about the Iñupiat people."
76561198013050497,Recommended,295790,13023481,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Araltes,"If you're playing this for the gameplay, you'll be disappointed. However, I highly recommend it because of the beautiful visuals, the story, and the documentary videos in it."
,Recommended,295790,13079968,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Kongoth,"this type of games usually attractive for me so for sure I am going to say it's good game even if ppl doesn't like it, but there was something so special about it that I've never seen in any other game...it's a special way for giving us the game achievements, there is some owls that we find in defferent locations, whenever you pass through any of them you get (achievement + a short video)((((the whole videos together give you something like a documentary mixture about the game itself & northern alaska))))so this game is not only about playing if you like documentaries you may like to watch those short videos they were well made & so fun to watchend of story, I really enjoyed it & I give it 8.5 out of 10 & it deserve every pennyhighly recommended...& for those ppl who would like to play with their partners, it's up to 2 players :P"
76561198053728169,Recommended,295790,13117509,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,HappyPhantom,"Gorgeous game, but if you don't have the specified controller, the controls with keyboard and non-specified controller are quite clunky... would be great to be able to customise keyboard and controller bindings."
76561198025860507,Not Recommended,295790,13213519,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,PixelPowerUp,"I feel ripped off and I want my money back.The Cons: This game has a myriad of problems holding it back from being just a mediocre experience.  It's insanely buggy.  Characters have gone through wall collisions on more than one occasion. Platforms sometimes don't trigger and the fox AI is really really dumb to the point where it's frusterating. The game also suffers from clunky player controls which in my experience is standard unity powered games (Is that the default player input script???). I want to support indies but make your game work!Even if the bugs were fixed, the gameplay is quite boring. The platforming elements are lackluster and the game lacks any other mechanics asides from the bola to solve 'puzzles'. There's no variety, there's no gradual and continuous introduction of mechanics to keep me interested. You get all the tools you need within the first hour of the game and that's it.The Pros: The artwork and theme is pretty nice. The educational snippits saved the game. I had something to work towards. Rarely do I support breaking up the flow of gameplay, but the videos in this situation broke up the monotony.Overall, it pains me to say, but pass on this game. If the theme really grabs you, then wait for a sale.This game is way too expensive to justify what is delivered."
76561198029808772,Recommended,295790,22647744,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Gizmew ^.^,"Such a beautiful game. I played the Fox tales DLC as well and thoroughly enjoyed it. It is a wonderful tribute to the Inupiat culture that not many people know much about; a culture that is very close to nature. I love how it bases the story off Inupiat folk tales. It makes me want to hear more, and I love how you get the video insights at intervals to give you more interesting facts. The gameplay itself is enjoyable and challenging although in some parts the controls were slightly off or lagging, but never so much to distract me from the overall immersive and fun storyline. Certainly some parts I had to replay a few times before I got it as it was challenging but you have to expect that from a game, and it certainly felt rewarding to complete each section. I played using a playstation controller synced up to my PC and I found that this was a great combination for enjoyable gameplay. I would not have called this game tedious in the slightest, but then some people lack imagination. I will always back this."
,Not Recommended,295790,33283540,Posted: 5 July,all,Blaze,"A cool idea, to teach people about a culture through a game. But honestly, just go watch a documentary, the game itself is not worth it."
,Not Recommended,295790,20177157,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Adrian Snrub,"I got this game to play couch/controller co-op with my Alaskan girlfriend, who was excited to see a part of Alaska portrayed in something (the first mainstream thing since the film Pacific Rim?).The story is great, and has a cultural depth to it; every bit of what I expected it to be. I wasn't enthusiastic enough to dig into the bonus interview content though... and the platforming is very 'floaty', to the point where it detracts from the overall experience, even if most glitches have likely been patched by now.Overall: 6/10. I wanted to like this brief game, but I can't openly recommend it for everyone. It was nice, but I can't picture us going back to it or really remembering much of it."
,Recommended,295790,20340675,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Toasted Sandvich Maker,"What makes this game special are the setting, cultural information and the art.  You take the role of the protaganist in a story based on Alaskan indigenous tales.  She has a fox friend (who doesn't love foxes? ^_^), and you can switch between the two characters to solve puzzles (or play with a friend and control a character each).Through the game, you can unlock ""Cultural Insights"" - short clips that talk about Iñupiaq culture, and story telling traditions, and give a better appreciation of the game's setting.The art is simple and beautiful.Gameplay - the game can be frustrating at times. Occasionally glitchy performance or bugs, but the difficulty level is about right.  No insanely difficult jumps, but tricky enough to keep you on your toes.I would like to see more games that give insight into interesting cultures from around the world!"
,Not Recommended,295790,20426252,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Major Cinnamon Buns,"If you expect a deep, insightful game with good gameplay then this is not what you're looking for. Never alone is a beautiful, but tedious and boring platformer based on traditional mythology, but the story is ridiculously shallow. Picture someone taking a Slavic fairytale about Kolobok and really reallyreallyreading into the symbolism of how an animated piece of dough tricked his creators that wanted to eat him. Sounds kinda lame? This is the kind of writing that Never Alone does.I appreciate learning about the culture of Iñupiat people, but having the game based on a legend does not equal good game.I definitely wouldn't be happy if I paid full price for this title."
76561198043018670,Not Recommended,295790,19273785,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,StarMorning,"I actually liked the way this game started out, and had fun playing co-op with my sister. Then the bolas came into play. Holding back on the right controller stick and then firing was just clunky, and it really showed during a chase scene. The bolas should have been charged with another button press and then fired using the stick as aiming.The fact the vibration setting caused the bolas to work on opposite day didn't sit right with me either. Once I turned it off, it was alright.Otherwise it was really fun for the short time we played it. Just the bolas ruined it."
76561198019089164,Not Recommended,295790,26154337,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,chagin1,"the game sucks - the polar bear is annoying, the movement controls are poor, and side scroller is limited, and the way forward is a matter of die, die and die again.  I want my money back."
,Recommended,295790,13005337,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,bossdog,Never alone is an amazing game it tells about this girl and her fox taking risks (and spirits to help out) along the way. What do i rate this game?8 in a half/10 (I FELL ALOT) and other then that the best game that i've played all year
,Not Recommended,295790,16611742,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Toltage,"Never Alone (Kisima Ingitchuna) is an indie puzzle platformer that brings some interesting concepts and ideas to the table, telling a story from Iñupiaq cultures. However while the art and story are superb, everything else is not. Platforming is slow and clunky, and I would find myself dying over and over because mechanics were either not clear or not working right at all.To put it short, if the culture interests you greatly and you appreciate ""game as art"", you will probably love the game. Otherwise you will probably be like me and wish this was a short film instead of a game."
76561198064735961,Not Recommended,295790,17607541,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,chickenintherain,"I really really wanted this game to be goodIt's fantastic to see gaming companies working with native people to allow them to tell their stories witht their voices. I was especially impressed that the game could be played entirely in the Iñupiat language. I study anthropology, so this kind of stuff gets me super excited. Plus the game looks gorgeous.Unfortunately the controls and general glitchiness make playing it a frustrating experience. At first I attributed this to typical Mac gaming ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, but from other reviews it looks like this is a problem with all versions of the game.  The controls are unresponsive, which is unacceptable for a game that relies on quick platforming. The characters  constantly get stuck on walls, fall through the level, or just freeze in midair. This is a very linear game, and I  encountered the glitches over and over in the same spots... spots I needed to get through to progress. It's the kind of thing that should have been caught by playtesters.  If you're still iterested in the game, I'd reccommend watching a let's play instead. That way you get the story and the beautiful imagery minus the frustration."
76561198059488140,Not Recommended,295790,13188084,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,pmmiller,"After struggling with the physics engine and broken controls for several hours, I wanted to murder small furry animals and make sure the ice caps melted."
76561198155948231,Not Recommended,295790,13155880,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,joecgo,"The game looks cool and unique so I am very dissapointed. I wouldn't buy it until they announce that the game is fixed. Controls should be changed. For example, ""s"" should be crouch, not crtl. Some of the puzzles dont make sense, it is too easy to die (right before you get the drum for example).  your companion dies too easy when you are not controlling it. Sometimes it is not clear what you are supposed to do, there is no cursor for shooting the bola, narration comes late in telling you to use the bola on ice blocks. The game also seems to have some performance issues. The graphics are pretty demanding for such a small game. my computer is not the fastest, but it overheats pretty quickly playing this game which is not a problem I have ever had playing other games such as sc2, d3, wow, bioshock."
,Not Recommended,295790,17560862,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Issysia,"It starts off really smoothly, nice atmosphere, great story telling, simple controls. But as the game progresses, and more obstacles gets introduced, it starts to get pretty tedious with all the waiting game (waiting for opportunity timing, hazards to pass, etc) going on, and the most annoying part is how badly designed the controls are for PC. A and D for moving left and right, space for jump, Q for change character, W for climb, shift for interact and move objects, ctrl for ""brace wind"" and you mash them all together within a few seconds timeframe cause of timed hazards. Right hand for one mouse aim and click, and everything else is done with the left hand, which is the secondary and clumsy hand for majority of the human population. Maybe this game was better designed for consoles, I don't know, but it really got quite painful to play near the end."
,Not Recommended,295790,23118018,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Mas,"I have to echo the negative reviews already left for Never Alone unfortunately. The developers have obviously gone to a lot of effort to create something that was as true to the native culture as it could feasibly be and it is interesting watching the videos you unlock about the culture...but...... they'd have been better off making a Documentary rather than a platform game. The controls are poor and unresponsive, the collision detection (a basic principle of any platform game) is way off, I've been stuck inside rocks and all sorts. No polish time went in to getting the bugs out of this game.TL;DRTells a cute a story but is a very weak (and buggy) example of the genre."
,Recommended,295790,13662072,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,interFaZer,"SCOREGameplay ★★☆☆☆Story ★★★★☆Graphics ★★★★☆Soundtrack ★★★★☆PROSA beautiful experienceI like how weather becomes an obstacle, and the fact that there’s a lot of background movement... even if it doesn’t affect the game, it’s a nice touch that you don’t see in many platformers.Based on actual loreInstead of having some ridiculous story as an excuse to jump platforms and solve puzzles, Never Alone is based on actual lore from an actual tribe, which makes immersion easier and story-telling way more interesting.A relaxing soundtrackNever Alone is perfect for some couch comfiness, as the soundtrack is magically relaxing and very pleasant to listen to. There’s some wonderful music in this game.Local co-op is the cherry-on-topHaving a friend to play as the fox while you play as Nuna isn’t a requirement (you can play as both if you’re *Always Alone*), but it’s a great enhancement.CONSSo story-rich... it feels like a documentaryYou unlock plenty of informative clips about the Iñupiat as you progress. They’re HD and delightfully filmed, but again... this is supposed to be a game. It feels like they put more effort into the clips than they did into the game.It’s VERY short and VERY easy1 hour playing and you’ll have 75%’d the game. That’s how short it is. I had to stop playing to make it worth the 10€ I spent on it, not to mention the overall easiness of the game... puzzles aren’t very challenging, and if you’ve playedLimbobefore, the game will feel *even more* easy.NOTESControls are customizable, although it’s more enjoyable with a controllerI don’t recommend paying full price for this; even 10€ feel pricy for 2 hours of gameplay"
76561198000544455,Recommended,295790,13008917,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,SLR,"If you like LIMBO, buy this one as well..."
,Recommended,295790,12998097,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Evly,"I've been waiting for this game for the past week and bought at as soon as it was available. I had high hopes for Never Alone and not only were my expectations met, but were even surpassed. From the gorgeous art work and animation to the wonderful story telling in the Iñupiat language, Never Alone will definitly suck you. I did come across a few bugs here and there but never anything game breaking. By the time this review is read, they might even be fixed in a patch.Pros:Amazing story with rich narrativeBeautiful art work and animationChallenging game play for most of the gameCons:Can't rebind keysMultiplayer is hotseat only, meaning you have to be at the same computer rather than across the network or internetThe occasional glitchOver all, I'd give Never Alone an 8/10A side note to parents concerned about the ESRB T rating, it really should be rated E 10+ for cartoon violence and difficulty. If this were a tv show or movie it would've been PG not PG-13, at least in my opinion."
,Not Recommended,295790,20431162,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Fo,"Sweet characters and decent visual design.I would not recommend it if you don't like platformers since the gameplay is not featuring any other engaging gameplay mechanics than that.When you die, you will have to listen to the same narrator's monolog every time.Sloppy controls and very repetitive platforming parts have ruined the experience for me."
,Recommended,295790,25452251,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,22RII the super disguised Fluffy,"It's been a while since I've played a really good game! I want more like this to play and learn about the life, nature and animals. Amazing! :)"
76561198025349191,Not Recommended,295790,16679059,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,InfiniteMass,"""Never Alone"" is an absolutely beautiful game with a wonderful story. I am glad that I played it. I feel I learned more about the lives of the Inupiat Native Alaskan culture. That's where the recommendation ends.It has little replay value. I might watch the videos again, and I would enjoy hearing the story again. I plan to read more about Native Alaskan culture in the future. But play the game, not again, once was enough.In most of the chapters I became stumped unable to find the solution to progress (unusual for me). I had to rely on a walkthrough throughout the game.I couldn't get aiming the Bola down fast enough with my controller. Fortunately, I could do so via keyboard and mouse.Psychologically it became very hard for me to keep seeing Nuna or Fox tossed around by a bear or die in some other way, repeatedly, while I figured out what was necessary or got the timing just right to avoid death. The sounds that Nuna and Fox made were too realistic to my ears.I was relieved when I finished."
,Recommended,295790,25761619,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,✪ mackatozis | gamekit.com,This is a nice game; with beautiful art style and music. The narration is one of the things that made me really enjoy this game. It's a game that presents you the Alaska's Native cultures with a unique way. The mechanisms and the puzzles weren't that difficult. I bought it on sales and I can say it totally worths its money.
,Recommended,295790,25808998,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,☯ spidi150 ☯ \ö/,This game is cute af <3 Love it :) Played it coop with earthwalk :3LUV THIS GAME!
,Recommended,295790,25957742,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Snoop Doge,"This game is short but its surely worth your time.You will like this game if you like to get chased, pretty much 80% of the game. But thats just one of the many factors that gives this the thrill it has.Not to mention the alternation and team play between the girl and the fox makes the journey much more immersive and impressive combined with an awsome story.A few problems with it:There are some areas where character models can get stuck with environment objects (can be frustrating).Some areas can be a bit fiddley to play on keyboard (but not impossible).All in all, this game is one of those games you can recommend to anyone."
,Recommended,295790,27233811,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ChuZuse,A great gaming experience that must should experience!
,Recommended,295790,13684700,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,An,Beautiful game without violence <3
,Not Recommended,295790,22728788,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,BradyBrade,"The game is cute and has real heart put into it, I just couldn't bare to complete the story due to the absolutely awful controls, at times they feel sluggish and unresponsive, other times they feel too light and sometimes they just plain don't work.It really is a shame about the controls as the story is interesting and as I said, there is obviously a lot of love been poured into this pretty game."
,Recommended,295790,16484149,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,300 iq player,Great game and is very informative. I highly recommend it. Stunning visuals and gameplay that pulls you in deeply.
,Not Recommended,295790,26413020,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Delta,"Altough the story might be nice, the weapon mechanics are horrible and there are parts in which using it is crucial for advancing the story and is also inside a time limit."
,Recommended,295790,14493774,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,ICptJackSparrow,"This game has a real charm to it like none I've played before.  It is quite short though, so do not expect a long game.  The game play really is faily simple, and the ""puzzles"" in the game are not too hard to figure out, though a few of them require better timing than others.I enjoyed playing this game through with my youngest daughter who is 8 years old.  Unfortunately while she loved the game, there was a part of the game that brought tears to her eyes, sadly this was an unexpected twist in the game that I did not see coming, so I did not get to prepare her for that.Other than that it is a game I could call PG, just a tiny bit out of the G range IMO.Having it be a co-op game was enjoyable as I said, having my duaghter play this through with me.  It is however playable as a single player game as well.The overall story was enjoyable, having been loosely based upon an actual ""Eskimo fairy tale"" was really interesting as well.The in-game achievements were more or less video ""lessons"" of and from the Iñupiaq, a Native Alaskan people, as was the basis of the main story of the game.I understand that many will find this game perhaps a bit simple, if not simplistic, but I personally felt that the art style was gorgeous and the overall play was mostly quite fluid and ultimately was worth every penny I paid for it.The replayablility is the only thing that suffers a bit, especially being such a short game, and a fairly linear one, there is little to do other than trying to complete the 15 challenges (or achievements), as well as to unlock all of the 24-25 videos in game.At it's core, the game is more of an educational device to learn about the Alaskan culture as it is a game.Regardless if it's your cup of tea or not, I have to recommend this game if not for only the beuatiful visual style of the game alone.  It really was quite good."
76561198075272806,Recommended,295790,17326928,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Arctiix,"I don't usually play these types of games, but the story and artwork are absolutely beautiful. I would highly recommend this game."
76561198197918528,Not Recommended,295790,30208924,Posted: 26 February,all,VanSven73,"The idea, tone and atmosphere of this game are really nice, BUT...the the controls are complete FUBAR!I consider myself more or less a well centered gamer but this game gave me a glimps of what´s making gamers throw a controller across the room.Save your money, watch a LP and enjoy.No Recommendation!"
76561198208606241,Recommended,295790,29123587,Posted: 8 January,all,Matilda,"Beautiful game, fun to play.  The menu is a little annoying because you have to tab through it instead of just clicking on what you want.  So be careful, I was nearly finished and ending up starting a new game by accident because of this.  The videos are a nice treat and makes you feel a little more in touch with the game and the stories."
76561198067347755,Recommended,295790,28701024,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,10kira10,Beautiful and great story. Loved the input by the native people - that really made the whole game.
76561198008281514,Recommended,295790,22924907,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,VorteX,"More like a documentary punctuated by (occasionally buggy) puzzle-platforming sessions than an actual videogame. Story is short but heart-warming, and it's cultural luggage cannot be denied. Shame about the old and tired trial and error it sometimes adopts: seeing the super cute protagonists die violently again and again over the sound of you cursing is as detaching as finding out your kitteh is John Carpenter's The Thing."
,Recommended,295790,20100376,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,ProfessorKaos64,"Great game with a LOT of heart. In the story and enjoyable ""short stories,"" you can tell the effort these developers put into the game. They didn't make this cash in, be famous, or push an agenda. It was made with the breath of their ancestors, friends, and family. For the gameplay itself, it has it's moments, but is more about the experience the simple gameplay melds with the story behind the game. A few of the puzzles were nice, but a bit more complexity would have been good. Overall a great game, with ""Discovery Channel - like"" scenese to enjoy anytime you want."
76561198025574553,Recommended,295790,14989079,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,cromjkh,Great Story with beautiful visual & sound.poor game play and lots of bugs.
76561198137224743,Recommended,295790,14490654,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,tt1g3r,This game (even on low graphics/resolution) is breathtaking.  I've only played a few hours and I've already learned so much about Alaskan culture.  This game is educational in the best of ways and such a great way for our younger generation and cultures of all kinds to learn and pass on old Alaskan wivestales.  Absolutely stunning.
76561198121535349,Recommended,295790,14555452,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Wilfried,Great game and very loyal to the culture! Love it!
,Recommended,295790,14274053,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,def pnws cs.money,awesome! 10 arctic foxes
76561198109086777,Recommended,295790,14472598,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,A Typewriter,"What a lovely game this is! After struggling a bit booting up (for some reason, graphics only appear when the game is in windowed mode on my system, and I was obliged to update my LAV drivers to see the Cultural Insight Videos, and add the game to my nVidia program settings tab...and the game plays in every resolution BUT my native resolution!), this was a rewarding game that provided not only beautiful art and fun puzzles, but a great deal of insight into the past and present culture and storytelling heritage of the Inupiat people.I highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys beautifully designed puzzle-platforming games, but especially for those who (like me) also want to support good games featuring stories and heroes not usually given spotlight. My only caveat (besides the flaming hoops to jump through loading it up the first time) is that this game would, I think, have played more smoothly had I the ability to plug in a second controller; there were moments  when I felt the game's design was a little punishing for a solo player hopping back and forth between the two characters. Overall, though, a delightful, insightful package."
76561198166407972,Recommended,295790,14604783,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Nelell,"I really rather like this game. Yes sometimes the controls are a bit strange or the ai (if playing alone) sometimes does weird things, but it's worth the play. It's not hard at all to unlock videos or achievements and the story is amazing."
,Recommended,295790,14677931,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Binary Daoist,What a wonderful; lovely game.Parents buy this game for your kids...
,Recommended,295790,14698002,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,redvis,This is a genuinely brilliant game.  Playing the game and watching the insights as you unlock them makes it feel like an experience and a journey rather than just a video game.  One of my favorite games in a long time.
,Recommended,295790,13683023,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Ugly Onion,"Gorgeous game, I got it mostly because I like games that look nice. The gameplay is kinda repetitive so far, but I haven't completed it so maybe that will change. I really like the cultural insights, that is probably my favorite part of the game but imo I would like them to be a little longer. It's not difficult, and coop would probably be even easier."
,Recommended,295790,15086424,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Krasnerator,"Pretty, focused and engaging.  Good gameplay, though it got a tad frustrating towards the end, with keyboard controls at least. It's rare to see games explore new cultures and learning a cool new folktale is always great. Definitely worth it."
76561198049393637,Recommended,295790,14673337,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,bvdberg,"These types are games are not just indie games, they are games with a soul"
76561197971751339,Not Recommended,295790,28224902,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,pev69,"I thought hard about how to rate this, and finally decided to lean slightly on the negative side.I do very much respect the fact that this is a sort of homage to one culture, the inupiat people, and it is nice to see all the factual tidbits that are an unlockable sidenote of this game. BUT, as a gamer I still want to rate this as a game, and in that I find it lacking.The story is mildly interesting, but really is not very deep. This is a linear platformer, and much of the time this is implemented quite well, but there are moments where frustration gets hold, and repeated attempts are the only way to try to figure out what the game wants the player to do. Luckily though, the autosave points are never very far, so it is fairly tolerable to repeat the mistakes.Finally, the main game is very short (took me three hours), which in this context can be a good thing, but not if you paid the full price."
76561198067846676,Not Recommended,295790,33726568,Posted: 22 July,all,Deso,"I thought this game was so-and-so.I liked:- the beautiful art style, that kept feeling original and not repetitive- the story behind the story, with it's unique legends and thoughts on natureI didn't like:- the controls, they felt unpolished and the characters didn't respond to input as you'd expect them to - this was annoying in the beginning, but ended up being quite frustrating towards the end- the actual story, which I found to be without purpose. I thought combining the story with it's background legends could have been merged better, often times I felt that it interrupted the gameplay too oftenOverall, I don't recommend purchasing this game. I think you're better off just watching the gameplay somewhere else."
,Not Recommended,295790,30200484,Posted: 26 February,all,RedC!,"The premise of this game was pretty interesting with Inuit story. For sure, this game / documentary is beautiful and aesthetic.But the mechanics, filled me with more frustration than anything. For a platform game, there is a major issue with the controls. It can be really annoying with characters switching, when you've run into bugs and AI movements lead you to unwanted deaths."
76561198265409450,Not Recommended,295790,32158550,Posted: 3 June,all,Giannoumpas,I really dont want to be mean but this game is actually pretty bad . The story of the game is good BUT the actual game is horrible . First of all the mechanics of the game are SO BAD ! Also half of the times the fox wont follow you and when u use her she doesnt move based on the animations... And FINALLY the camera movement is really bad... I know it's not easy to make a good camera movement on a platformer BUT WHEN YOU WANT TO MAKE A PLATFORMER MAKE IT THE CAMERA MOVE BASED ON YOUR CHARACTER AND SHOW THE OBJECTS OR GAPS IN FRONT OF YOU
76561198027631558,Not Recommended,295790,14433425,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Mr Reaper,"This game could have been done alot better and its not worth the money. Single player doesnt work properly cause whenever you move one of your characters and want the other to be still, it moves and ruins the entire thing and you have to do the same thing over and over again just cause of that. oh and btw move the fricking fog to the background cause it ruins alot of visuals and makes things laggy as ♥♥♥♥ even with everything on low."
76561198262679371,Not Recommended,295790,29726013,Posted: 5 February,all,-=static vortex=-,"Instead of a game, think of it as more of a documentary about the Iñupiaq people of Alaska. The visuals are good and the game includes videos and interviews that provide insights about the Iñupiaq. But on the flip side, the controls are very frustrating and constantly having to shuffle between two playable characters can be very irritating.My recommendation is to buy it only if you would like to know about the Iñupiaq people by way of playing a game based on their folklore."
76561198093513375,Not Recommended,295790,29790845,Posted: 8 February,all,DreamsChild,"This game is beautiful, artistic design and story wise. It is from a culture you rarely get the chance to hear about, and as a First Nation myself, though not of this specific culture, it is something beautiful to behold. There is so much love in this game, so much effort you can't help but notice it. The extra info the give as a bonus is a lot of fun too, I enjoyed them.But the controls are awful. Do not play with a keyboard.The little girl doesn't always catch if she jumps, which is okay if not in a'run from the bad guy'scene and you need to climb something. Contolling her item is awful, the game barely gives you intruction to use it before you have to be spot on with using it. Aiming? Ha. Ha. Ha.The intructions for keyboard controls can also be confusing when they only tell you them once, and it is paired with the direction you needat that momentbut not later in the game.The 'ghost' images for where you should be are pretty, but give no actual instructions.Go here, okay what else do you want from me game? The design and layout are giving no clues at all.And is you are playing alone, god forbid the enemy for far asbrushes the last hair of that fox you aren't controllingor you will die and have to restart.I love the game, I think it is beautiful.But it is not worth raging at a game because of the character you can't control at the time or lack of instruction."
,Not Recommended,295790,28512385,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Tiar,"This is a game to explain the Inuit culture to foreigners. It takes 3 hours to finish and you mostly just watch. And when you 'play', you move left or right and solve puzzles that requires almost no thinking. I couldn't like it. Watching a movie about Eskimo-Inuit culture would be better."
76561198027245448,Recommended,295790,26071961,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,antbyron,A great game with a great story and art style.Specialy the unfolding of inupiat coultoure and the values they have is fantasitic.
,Not Recommended,295790,29672158,Posted: 3 February,all,CagBag,Meh
76561198027444901,Not Recommended,295790,34461922,Posted: 24 August,all,ganafin,"This game looks nice, but the gameplay really makes it hard to enjoy.  For a platformer to have invisible spirit platforms until you get close really destroys the tempo of the game.  Movements in this game feel sluggish and you'll die because of the bad play control."
76561197997714972,Recommended,295790,25680115,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Kenlar Jadonira,"Great game, Beautiful graphics, story, and art.I recommend playing the ""cultural insights"" (mini documentaries unlocked in-game) as you unlock them, it really fills out the story and setting!"
,Recommended,295790,34473170,Posted: 24 August,all,Pat Fenis,"Just buy it. Everything about this game is great.Sure it's a simple side-scroller with basic game mechanics...but it has beautiful graphics (I played at 4k 60fps, it runs fine),  a fantastic story, and it's filled with historical content and well done cinematography about the game's background/lore. I played this game with my 4 yr old son (it's two player/co-op). Looking at his eyes light up with excitement when he saves/helps his daddy (as the fox) makes this game worth every single dollar."
,Recommended,295790,13087390,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Nick.M,Amazing game with coop!
76561198011674406,Not Recommended,295790,13132192,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,blammers01,Don't trust the good reviews. Horrible platforming. Fell to my death so many times in this game. Totally killed the game for me.
,Recommended,295790,13097188,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Avari Orn,"Should you buy this game? Yes, only if you find myth and folklore fascinating. The focus on the  Iñupiat Culture is brilliantly  woven into the game. Creating a beautiful landscape and story. The game itself is short and sweet. The A.I. has flaws here and there. As you travel through the game, quick informative videos relating to the culture of the  Iñupiat people are unlocked. The videos usually refer to that particular part of game as well. Overall I'm extremely pleased with my purchase."
76561197983826954,Not Recommended,295790,13017121,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Zakkar,"Why Why and why ? That's the first time i bought a game on the day of his release, i was following the developement step by step, i wanted to play and enjoy it, because there was something new in it, something unique, and then come the time to playEverything was awesome, graphic, story, atmosphere, everything except the gameplay... A lot of glitches and bug, especially for the jump, it's the main mechanic of the game how... how can the programmer let all this happen ? why the jump of the fox is delayed, from the moment when you press the key and before the jump happen there is some delay , it's not instant, and it's too difficult to control successive jump like jumping on a rock and make another one to climb higher. Why the detection of the edge is so poor ? sometime the player climb sometime not ? like we don't control our character, from the time you jump you loss all control of the player, sometime the player fall at the place you want, somtime not, sometime it stop, it's not fluide. the jump of the fox and the player has to be fixedPlease just made an update i don't want to put a bad review for this game but... like i don't have a choice, the jump ruined my experience of this game, and i was so dissapointed because it's the main mechanic of the game how can you screw it up, like none of you had made a test session to check the feeling of the players when they play it, if it's good or not.... just fix it and i'll change my review"
,Recommended,295790,13504410,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Stoolfeather,Fantastic game! Me and my girlfriend played it straight through in one night!Love that fox!
76561198019387413,Recommended,295790,13510547,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Rzt99,"Great Graphics, wonderful native spirit, 10/10havent played for long, but i think those points are enough to make it great. Probably much better than the most dumb, hit or shoot games."
,Recommended,295790,13649448,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Autumn Raynefyr,"Although this game is short in the terms of gameplay, it tells a very emotive story. I literally found myself on the verge of tears in many parts of the story as well as hearing the response of the other character when the character you are controlling inexplicitly dies from whatever happens, weither by accident or design.. The narrator's voice is rather calming when telling the story of the Girl whom left her village to find the source of the blizzards and befriends an arctic fox. It is a platformer in its own sense as many of the puzzle need both the girl and the fox to complete. While the replay value is very low once you complete the game, it is a beautiful story that is worth playing over and over. Each level is beautifully constructed and while being emotive you can feel the overall emotions of each level, such as cursing vehemently while running from a hungry polar bear with a taste for little girl/arctic fox, to shivering out of empathy each time an an arctic wind kicks up and you need to dig in to keep from being blown back. This game is a must-have for every game collection even if you only ever play through it one time. It even has unlockable videos that teach about the lore and living of the Iñupiat people that help make this folk tale come alive."
,Recommended,295790,14273005,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Lukewarm Bong,"This was definitely an interesting and unique game. It's acautiousrecommendation for me, mainly because it's just so damn short! (3-5 hours of content). I got this on Sale for about $10.99 when it first came out and it's hard to say I got my moneys worth. Only reason that It would have been worth the money (for me at least) is because I played it Co-op with my girlfriend. So, that being said, I also have no judgement on how the AI reacts. Co-op, though, definitely does flow well and is pretty fun. Especially with the fox imo! The only real drawback is the lack of content/re-playability. Going to get somewhere between 3-5 hours out of this (maybe another hour or two w/ DLC)Does this make it a bad game?Definitely not!, It's a pretty great game actually. Definitely visually entertainingDoes it make it worth the price?Even at half-off it'd be hard to justify spending that much for such a short and easy game...With all that being said, I still recommend it. I know eventually it'll go on sale 75% or more as far as price is concerned. Also, It's just not a bad game! It's pretty captivating and definitely gets you thinking for more than a few ""puzzles"" (for lack of a better word). You start to get emotionally attached towards the end, too.Recommended if:-You're looking forLocalCo-op fun-You enjoySide-ScrollersandModern Platform-Puzzle Games(e.g.,'Trine','Limbo')-Love games with stunning visuals (Very stoner-friendly)-You got the extra money (Or is on sale75% offor more)-Want an easy ""Perfect Game"" on your steam profile (Can 100% it in one run)-Are any bit curious about thisSPECIFICAlaskan tribe"
,Recommended,295790,13562864,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,-||cherohala||-,"This is an unusual game due to how cultural documentary is intertwined throughout it. It has live footage documentary pieces (which seem very similiar stylistically to a PBS or National Geographic documentary, just in piecemeal form) that can be picked up as the player progresses.* Each of these pieces deals with some cultural aspect that is important to both the Alaskan Iñupiat people and to a particular part of the game. This created a very good sense of relevancy.*They were also short and to the point, which kept them from overwhelming the game's presence while still succeeding in making me curious about these Alaskan natives.*It's an interesting direction to take and honestly I hope to see it appear in more games. In my experience, the only other game that I know of that seems to have such a focus on culture and history is Year Walk, another beautiful title that happens to also take place in the snow.Story wise, it felt refreshing to delve into an Iñupiat tale hands on.*Good pacing and a good relationship between gameplay and the live footage documentary pieces.*Enjoyable dialogue, read in the traditional language. The narrator's voice does wonders to further set the tone.*The story was presented without any needless sappy moments or anything that risked being overly ""cutesy"", which is something I was initially worried about before purchase .The art felt pretty solid overall.*For main plot cut scenes, it combines half comic/realism 3D and digitally animated etchings, designed in the traditiona style of the Iñupiat.*Then there's the 2D environments of the playing field, which hold some expected 3D animation qualities but comboed with painterly effects that yield very enjoyable results.*My eye also appreciated the use of forshortening to add in some 3D elements during the Forest chapter.As for music and sound, I thought the soundtrack was fitting and pleasant.*It wasn't grabbing my attention constantly (probably a good thing). A few times I did start to notice it and thought that finding the OST files might be a good idea eventually.*Sound effects are alright, the wind can get a bit repetitive sounding, but it does serve to give the player a heads up about the wind speed patterns that play a big role in movement mechanics.And as for movement mechanics....these would be my only real gripe with the game.*Sometimes they were annoyingly sluggish, or I would be moving Nuna one way and Fox would float too far away for some reason, which then would cause the spirit under my feet to vanish and my subsequent death. This is perhaps a downside to playing in singleplayer, without a second human partner.*Object collisions seem a bit wonky at times as well with some instances of wall, rock, and ladder humping.*But I'm not great at platformers - I tend to avoid them for the most part - and I managed to get through this game with only 2 short periods where I was beginning to pull at my hair a bit. So I think that most people will be able to bear with the controls without much issue.Overall, a short but interesting and informative venture, with plenty of eye candy to boot."
76561198064819630,Recommended,295790,13834484,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Monkey,"Hey, This is a great game. It's worth the $15. A lot of story telling from Alaska. Game progress unlocks short movie clips of people discussing things that are featured. Great graphics,Gorgeous over all... really fun side scroller......(Never thought I'd ever say that after Pitfall...)"
,Recommended,295790,14200291,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Lyzzie,"This is a good game. Nice story, beautiful graphics, good gameplay. All the achievements can be found through the first time playing it what turns a second play a little meaningless, but still guarantee a great time for those who like a lot of snow, traditional stories and good soundtracks."
,Not Recommended,295790,15131004,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Michelicia,"Even though the game is extremelly good looking, the controls are terrible, making it a fight against the controllers more than a enjoyable ""puzzle solving"" game.The puzzles are extremelly simple, to the point that there is no challenge in solving any of them.The local multiplayer option is quite nice, specially due to the different characters.Several times the game glitched, and I ended up falling trough the ice and disappearing from the screenI am trully disappointed with this game =("
76561198026300134,Not Recommended,295790,13547238,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Magnus,"It's a nice and interesting documentary movie, but a very bad platformer game.I would suggest just to watch some kind of a National Geographic documentary about the Inuit instead."
,Recommended,295790,17271513,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,caleb4est,Fox runs up walls.10/10 would defy gravity again
76561198089986307,Not Recommended,295790,17129997,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,PoDuHa-MaTb 3oBeT,"The last level is awfull!!!Firstly you can't swim, then u can (without oxygen timer), and finaly u can't again...The beginning was really great, but the fox transforming and last level blizzard is awfull!!!!The good emotions about this game were spoiled by fox transforming and the last level (("
,Not Recommended,295790,17218324,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,kiminoa,"I really wanted to love this game! I love the concept. Unfortunately, the controls on the Mac make it nearly impossible to play. :("
,Recommended,295790,17446818,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,.MeØw~,"If you're a 2D platform fan and enjoy chilling on the weekend with something cute, with the feeling that mindless shooting isn't just the right thing for now - this is the game for you.Never Alone is a fun, enjoyable title with very relaxing gameplay, soothing music, adorable companion at your side and a first hand sharing of lifestyle as well as lore of, well.. Eskimos!The more you play, the more you discover the lore told by younger and older people from Inupiat tribe.So not only do you enjoy the game itself, you're also expanding your knowledge about something very unique.The corelations of stories and the game itself makes this title one of a kind and very addictive within first minutes of starting it.The game gives a child-like feeling, where you're the child and Never Alone is the adult who is telling you an exciting bedtime story right before you'll go to sleep. You're drawn to the main character (Nuna) and letting go of her without knowing how the story ends is very close to impossible. You just have to get to the end and think of '5 more minutes' which turn into hours that seem timeless - exactly the way it used to be as a kid when you closed yourself in your own fantasy world.Sum it up?Buy it. Game in it. Remember it."
76561198001070855,Not Recommended,295790,16093620,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Andronik-Jack,"I wanted to like this game so much! It looked beautiful and artsy, just the type of game I am usually drawn to.However the gameplay is borderline broken. The main mechanic is being able to switch from the girl to the wolf, and this very easily became difficult to rapidly change between the two to take care of puzzles. I played it single player, so maybe having another friend involved would have made a difference. Honestly though, it could have been fixed very easily with the ability to map buttons. I would have just made it a mouse click, instead of the Q key its currently mapped too.The start of the game is pretty simple and beautiful, but as it goes on you start seeing a few bugs and glitches more and more frequently until the last stage is pretty much an unplayable mess. Trading between characters is unintuitive, and thats really the biggest reason why I don't recommend this game. The AI for the character you're not playing often needs some major hand holding before they become any sort of useful. In fact the only thing the AI seemed good for was auto running behind the character you currently had control of.It's not to say this game was without merit. The art style really was beautiful, and the music was decent. I just can't get over how broken the controls were. Maybe if I were using a controller instead. Or maybe if I had a second player...In the endGameplay: 2/10Music: 7/10Art 8.5/10Storyline 3/10To end this review I also wanted to say the storyline was a bit lackluster, with a lot of unanswered questions, and frankly pretty boring story...."
,Recommended,295790,15909964,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Mega,"It's hard to recommend a platformer with platforming mechanics as janky as Never Alone's. However, it's also hard to not recommend a game with a story as interesting, unique, and educational as Never Alone's. I think the latter outweighs the former, and this game deserves to be played. But seriously, expect to die a lot. Not in the way that you die a lot in great platformers like Ori, Meat Boy, or Limbo. It's a more frustrating they-should-have-tweaked-these-controls-before-launching type of dying, rather than user error. Despite that huge disclaimer, I still thought it was a pretty cool game."
,Not Recommended,295790,17199684,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Bigosaur,"Beautiful graphics, great story. But unfortunately, controls respond poorly and it's full of bugs, especially near the end of the game. At one point I got stuck on a bug and could not finish it (playing in 2-player coop mode). Although I enjoyed the visuals, the game was more pain to play than it should be. I do not recommend it, because there are other similar titles you would enjoy much better (ex. Limbo)."
76561198188324042,Recommended,295790,17312228,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,埒天,"The game is so silly,if i lost a Owl,even their has a branch i can stand,i still died,holy♥♥♥♥♥♥--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------But i should admit it was a great game."
76561197986031834,Not Recommended,295790,17560880,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,FFSamurai,"Full Disclosure: I played this game single player using an x-box one controller.THE GOOD: Where this game shines is in when you're exploring levels and platforming at your own pace. You have to use both protagonists intelligently in order to reach new areas and progress. Also, during certain sections of the game, huge gusts of wind act as both a mechanic and a hazard. In the former quality you have to time your jumps with when a gust of wind is blowing towards an otherwise impossible to reach platform. In others, you have to press a button to hug the ground and keep from being blown off to your death. Rather than annoying these sections are placed in such a way that they enhance the platforming, immerse you in the Alaskan setting, and are enjoyable. The art style is phenomenal and gives this game a very Miyazaki quality. It's just really beautiful to look at and has echoes of Shadows of the Colossus or Ico underneath. The voice actor chosen for the narrator does a great job of giving this game's story an authentic feel as well. Whenever a cutscene featuring him plays you'll feel like you're being told this story by a village elder. When combined with the art style and music the game becomes something very unique and entertaining. And finally, the movies you can collect through the game do offer an interesting look at Inuit culture and are very enjoyable. Since this game does have many problems it may be worth your while to look these up on youtube as they explore a way of life that is both beautiful and harsh at the same time.THE BAD: The bosses are by far the most annoying sections. Boss battles usually happen in two ways: one, where you're running away from said boss and two, where you're using environmental puzzles to fight these enemies. Let's start with the former variety. These are chase sequences where you're given a relatively limited amount of time to clear obstacles and progress. Since you can't take your time to figure these sections out they totally kill the feeling of exploration that the game employs brilliantly everywhere else. One particularly frustrating quality to these sections involves the girl's main weapon: the bolo. During the course of the game you'll gain access this throwing weapon which requires the girl to stand still, pull in the opposite direction she's facing with the right analog stick, and then quickly push the stick in the opposite direction to let the weapon fly. The aiming for this weapon is finicky and makes it so that even when you get used to how it works you'll often enough miss your target. Now during the exploration sections this is just a minor inconvenience but having to stop and aim an imprecise weapon during a chase sequence where death happens in a matter of seconds it becomes really frustrating easily. Needless to say you'll die a lot because of this alone.Now for those segments where you have to fight a boss. These come in the form of timed environmental puzzles where if you take too long to figure out what to do the boss will kill you. Again the feeling of exploration that was such a joy becomes discarded in favor of a typical platforming boss fight. Though these sections happen only a few times since they come after the game has spent much of your playtime teaching you to run away from bosses and to explore environments at your own pace to progress they seem to circumvent the overall feel. If you're like me you'll feel cheated and very annoyed by this. Another issue which will probably be most solo gamer's tipping point is a particular boss. I'll not spoil it's plot details but during it you have to control both the fox and the girl character in order to avoid one-hit, homing missile-like balls of death. All this while using said balls of death to transform parts of the environment into tools you can use to kill said boss. This section was built for co-op and the game's designers didn't afford any changes to make it manageable if you attempt this solo. Now I'll admit, with enough time and effort this section can be overcome but the payoff is just really not worth the struggle to do so. While the latter boss type is rarer the former happens way too often and ultimately I wish the developers had turned these into cutscenes rather than make 'em stuff I could play.This game does have a lot of really good qualities. The art style will appeal to anyone who's a fan of Miyazaki. Combined with the music and the narrator you get a sense of authenticity that's rare in games. With interesting mechanics the exploration sections are a real joy to play. And the videos you can collect are worth watching, if only to learn about another culture. However the numerous boss sections just drag this whole game down and make it too frustrating to be worth a recommendation."
,Recommended,295790,14217972,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Widdle Squishew,This game is one of those that break the video game tradition. Not in gameplay but in story and giving the audience an experience. Combined with its Cultural Insight videos you get a pretty well rounded picture or illustration about their people. Quite enjoyable.
,Recommended,295790,14265435,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Switchblade,"This game is amazing, very spiritual , very deep. it had me very emotional, i couldnt help but tear up and feel like i needed to find my connection with nature again. It made me miss alaska and hit me right at home. this is more than just a game, its a story about finding yourself and you play the part. i cant describe this simple yet complex game that touches you like nothing ever has before. ive never had a game that made me feel the way this one does. DEEP"
,Recommended,295790,14733898,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Halflight,"Never Alone (Kisima Ingitchuna) is a puzzle platform game with a story based on an old folklore from the Iñupiat people of northern Alaska. Nuna starts an adventure with an artic fox companion in order to find the source of the terrible snow storms plaguing her village.The main core of the game is using your own tool (like the bolas you are given after clearing an early sequence) or the elements of the enviroment (like strong winds, wandering spirits and more) to advance in the levels and avoid dying. Never Alone has actually been envisioned as a co-op game and both characters must survive the various hazards and advance at the same time (else, it's a game over and time to restart from the previous checkpoint). There are also some trial and error elements, but they never get too obnoxious.While you can actually play the game as a single player, controlling one character at a time and switching when needed, the whole experience is actually a lot harder this way (namely, constantly switching between Nuna and the fox to solve the puzzles becomes tiring aftrer a while and sometimes one of them will die because you weren't there at the right moment to control it/her).Since the main purpose of the publishers (Upper One Games and E-Line Media) was to get the player now Iñupiat culture and traditions, you can find several owls scatterd around the levels. Reaching them unlocks brief educational movies called ""cultural insights"" for you to check.The main design of Never Alone (Kisima Ingitchuna) is simple yet charming and could as well hook you up for the average three hours of gameplay"
,Recommended,295790,19938798,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Ryan Dorkoski,"I probably should have voted this one down.Yeah, ok,Never Aloneis a decent co-op platformer. Not great. Decent.My main problem with this title is that I believe much of the praise given is due to the fact that the game centers its focus on the plight of a minority group. This isDances with Wolves, the indie version. This is all fine and good - but it does not instantly make a great game on that fact, alone. It still needs to be innovative and be fun to play, right?Mark my words: if they would have replaced the native Alaskan culture with Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles or Twighlight, the game would have been largely dismissed.Other than some beautiful graphics (admittadly, alot them look to have significant improvements because of filters), the game is fairly underwhelming. It has all been done before. Seriously.Pros:+Stunning graphics and ambience, although there is not much variation. Even in the belly of the 'whale' - its still all ice/glacier graphics.Meh:=Controls are ok. Some people complain. We had an ok time with them.=Co-op puzzles were never difficult at all. We didn't finish the game, but we got close, then we got bored.Cons:-Nothing at all fresh with the co-op design.-A fair amount of repetition and uninspired puzzles (ie. the wind? C'mon its a time waster).-The story is cookie cutter.Its fine, but I would not necessarily recommend my Steam friends purchase the game. Watch some LetsPlays and decide for yourself.I am voting it up, because although I have many issues with the game, it has enough good points to get the vote."
,Not Recommended,295790,19648447,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,xZuna,"This game has good storyline but not recommended for single player.When you are playing as the wolf, the character will move some extra steps by its own and die. I also felt that the character that contolled by computer tend to has slow response - causing you to die in some part. Yet, the worst is when the control is not responsive.Overall,  good idea but terrible control.5/10"
76561197969541851,Recommended,295790,19742402,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Oontar,"A beautiful storybook game. It's a simple platformer, optional co-op with a unique story."
76561198003565373,Recommended,295790,19835369,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,[GAW] Luuna,"Hello,Just finished Never alone in about 3h.The correct way to sum this game up is to ask you this simple question: Do you wanna hear a story ?If yes, this game is probably for you.If was expecting a platformer where you have you character you pass through absotacles and once done you just do the same, I'm ok with plateformer like this is the puzzles are entertaining. But I wasn't expecting documentary within the game to support the story and all that background of those people.This game will tell you a story and along that way, several people will tell you more story in the form of small documentaries. The story is quite simple and very interesting to follow.You will feel very attached to your character and letting one dies will surely makes you feel sad each time.You can control two characters, a girl and a fox. The game has been designed to be played as coop, each player control one character. Sadly I didn't have anybody to plya with so I did it all alone, it's sometimes very tedious to do actions with both character in sync on timed events. I managed it but on some puzzle I felt some frustration.I love the fact that cutscenes have back bars up and down as in a movie to show you when you are in the game or in the cutscene. I really enjoyed this little part.The game has flaws on the technical bits,First the AI/Pathfinding of the character you are not controling is ok in like 95% of the time, and then on some tedious part with iceberg moving, it just go wrong and the second character dies several times for no reason.At that moment I began to feel less attached to the character because I didn't make them die cause of my mistake, just unknow action resulting in death and plain frustration on my side.Second your weapon, with the same stick you have to aim going up or down depending of the situation backward, then go forward in the center to launch it. That's bad design it's hard to control, the release with the stick for the movement would have been much more efffecient and less error prone. When you need to make that extra effort to do the simpliest task you know something isn't right,I had some collision problem, where the character doesn't grab the piece I'm jumping on correctly, but that doesn't happened very often.Did those flaws make it less good? No, it was very worth playing it and watch the little documentaries along the playthrough.I would even recommend the game just to learn about the people from alaska :D. Despite more complete research could be better.DLC: Fox talesWell I finshed it in about 2h, it seems that I was just very bad at it or took my time, as it should take you an hour to finish it.It was interesting, again with 5 more documentaries, which I still find very interesting to watch.The last boss... prolly took me about.. 30min alone.. where the solution is quite easy, my mind was really off the game mecanic and I was missing the point. I tried almost all possible combinaison to a point where frustration took in and I had to do a pause, tried the same again then went online to find a solution -_-''.Despite the last bit which wasn't great for me, the dlc is worth  it, same value as the game, if you want a story you will get one.Luuna."
,Recommended,295790,20189373,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,JH,"a beautiful story told through solid platform puzzling and enjoyable co-op. Fascinating insight into the lives of Alaskan natives, as well as a lovely soundtrack."
,Recommended,295790,20290301,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Woody,"I'm normally not a fan of platormers, but this game was quite enjoyable.Just read MakoSipper's review!"
,Not Recommended,295790,20575229,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Marsy,It's glitching like hell..
,Not Recommended,295790,19275039,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,heroizumi,"I really wanted to enjoy this game. In the beginning, it was great. It was very cute and looks incredible.However, I soon discovered how terrible the controls are. I was playing on an X-Box 360 controller and I nearly threw it because I was getting so angry with the wretched controls. I ended up rage quitting because I was furious at the terrible CPU AI and the♥♥♥♥♥♥controls.The story was cute, the game play was interesting but it was completely ruined by the horrible controls."
76561198228764784,Recommended,295790,19544406,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Lizzie_XXXL,This was my boyrfriend's successful attempt to introduce me to the gaming worldwonderful story linetruly magical gameI'D RECOMMEND IT TO EVERYONE
76561198145859529,Recommended,295790,20639142,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,ricardo.barreto,It's a beautiful game and you will learn a lot; How about that!?
76561198116246133,Recommended,295790,20931628,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Sleeping dog,"Very odd ending (""Thank you for breaking my axe!"" - sang the Ice man).But anyway, that's a folklore... thank you very much for opening the culture of the northern people to us. This is really priceless and will remain in history.The game is done very well. It's an interactive fairy tale you want to hear longer and longer. Also the prizes for finding owls is amazing-so interesting videos!If you are interested in peoples' culture-you just must have it!"
76561198011980100,Not Recommended,295790,19533784,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,jegendron,"The graphics and story are both very good, but the controls are terrible. I had it on the lowest graphic settings and the movement to controller response time were still bad."
,Recommended,295790,20466722,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Zizii ✭,"Really cute game. Great musics, atmosphere and nice story. When you watch the insights about the community you'll admire their life style and relationships with nature and animals. At least that's what happened to me. So, I recommend it."
,Not Recommended,295790,16418968,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,onmyway,"Although the story is interesting, the gameplay is very boring. There is not much a player does in the game, exvept for following the storyline, which in itself is very short."
,Not Recommended,295790,16477414,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Kzon,"Don't get this game. It's mediocre and don't feel bad not hearing about the lore and such. You can go to youtube for that.It's puzzles are boring, and if you've played any video game you've already done them all in other games.The platforming is bad.Yeah, it's kinda cutsie, but you'll realize how limited the animations are. Seriously, not worth your time."
,Not Recommended,295790,17283013,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Polisario,"Some things are not explained that needs to be explained and some things are impossible. I'm stuck on one part, even though I looked in a guide what to do - Because it doesn't matter what I do. One of the characters dies."
,Recommended,295790,17377347,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Zborked,"This is one of the most wonderful stories I've ever been told. It's a beautiful interactive work of art that transports you to a dangerous icy world while warming up your heart with stunning graphics, ethereal environments, and the loveliest of furry friends. Despite being a very easy platform game, I challenge you not to feel terrible when you accidentally kill one of the characters. As you learn about the Iñupiat culture, you'll quickly morph into Nuna, and for approximately six hours you'll believe that your best friend is the cutest, bravest, most loyal of arctic foxes.I give it a 9/10 because the puzzles are far too simple, and the story is, unfortunately, too short."
76561198080985819,Not Recommended,295790,13018916,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,TheUpsideDown,"I had been looking forward to playing this game for a long time now. Unfortunantly i have run into nothing but game breaking glitches and issues. The most annoying issue is that the game continuously switches to co-op mode even with only one controller plugged in. Once in co-op mode the AI is gone and you are unable to switch between characters rendering the game completely unplayable. All attempts to change this option in the settings do not work because the game will automatically switch it back to co-op for no reason at all. Currently I've searched through the forums and there is no fix for this issue. I cannot recommend a game that I cannot play.The second issue is that once the game automatically switches into co-op mode the pause menu screen only has ""return to game"" an no other options. I have to alt-tab out of the game, minimize it and then wait a few minutes. Then re-enter the game to get the rest of the options to show. This is a huge deal, major game breaking issues that make me frustrated that I spent my money and have nothing for it.I can't say with certainty that you will experience the same issues that i have because there are people who have been able to play this game just fine. I will say that if you check the forums you will find that there are a lot of people who cannot play this game because of these same issues I've just stated and it's not worth the risk of purchasing the game until you know that it has been resolved."
76561198042538083,Recommended,295790,13019852,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Smokescreen,"I'm only about half an hour in but, oh my god, this game is gorgeous. I'm already getting the same kind of feeling playing this as the first time I played Journey. Can't wait to keep going with the rest of the game.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oF3kuYhWj5w"
76561198166610145,Not Recommended,295790,20167477,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,erictaylor,"The concept of this game was so profound, but the execution was extremely poor.  Graphics and playability were on point, but the game itself was very buggy.  As a QA Manager myself, I would have never allowed this game to go to Production.  Several times I had to hard reset the game as a character would get stuck or the level would simply not load.  I'm running a very serious rig and there should never be an issue to execute the most basic of scene transitions.  The game itself felt rushed and I'm sure there was an over-ambitious deadline for the Dev team to attempt to reach market readiness.  Would have loved to see a fully realized concept that not only respected the generational tradition of historical storytelling among the native North American tribes, but also a fun and engaging platformer with more freedom and non-linear decision making.  It took me a total of 3 hours to complete the main and DLC game - would not recommend if you are looking for replayabilty, but if you find it on special - might be distracting for a little while."
,Recommended,295790,20224291,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,♥*¨*★~Preda~★*¨*♥,"A lesson in folklore, a heartwarming story and a very fun game all bundled in one. You can't go wrong with this one (unless you're one of the TERRIBLE MAN's relatives or you like GIANT MICE). This is one of those super-pretty, touching stories that bring traditional fairy tales to the modern age. Only in this case the fairy tale is from the native people of Northern Alaska, so many gamers won't be familiar with it. On top of that, there is quite a bit to be learned about Inupiak life through the optional unlockable videos.It looks great, it plays wonderfully and the story is engaging and well-presented. It's short, but I don't think that is a fault with a game like this. I hope they make more like it. Buy it!"
76561198069043931,Recommended,295790,20246920,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,jaywi11,"I thought this was a nice platformer, where you switch between two characters. This allows you to complete the two stories within the game. I completed the game within a couple of hours, I went back and completed the achievements with some help from some walk-throughs.The cultural insights were a nice addition to share some history and information about the life of the people who live in Alaska.All in all, a nicely executed game, good graphics, works well on Windows 10 with keyboard or gamepad. (I was using the controllers from my PS3 I downloaded Scarlet Crush Production drivers that wrap the ps3 controller drivers into the windows xbox controller drivers (much better than motion joy ones I previously utilised).https://github.com/nefarius/ScpServer/releases/tag/v1.3.5689.40377"
,Recommended,295790,21445683,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,TordenFaaret,"Never alone is a very short game. It's not a trip on the bus kinda short, but more of a one hour without stops or deaths kinda short.What I like best is the artistry behind it. Comparing it to games like skyrim or call of duty is akin to comparing DaVinci to an infant, but what it does is simplicity. I like to think this was intentional: details aren't too needed, as the outlines shine so strong. Sure, I cold complain that I can't see the girl's pores and every strand of hair on her head. But I won't.Gameplaywise, it's pretty standard. WASD to move, space to jump, etc. What I really like is the wind mechanics. Jumping with the wind on your back makes you jump farther. Not much more to say, I just like it. Most of the gameplay is centered around puzzles based on each of the characters' abilities. Although there is a single player mode, the game becomes ten times harder when you have to do the ones based on timing.The story is okay. It has an odd ending, but is pretty interesting. The little snippets about inuit culture also have a charm to them, though I'm left wanting  to to know more.The worst part is that the multiplayer is local only. I have no problems asking someone over, but in a sense, I kind of wanted something like Journey, where you team up with a total stranger, and the only way of communicating is through movement or sounds. Of course, that'd make the game really hard, but on the other hand it'd be pretty cool.All in all, it has charm. It's not something I'd tell you to avoid like the plague, but I don't think everyone will be screaming for more on their rooftops at night for more either.Regarding foxtales, it's pretty short. A little disappointing and with that weird ending again. SPOILER ALERT:the mouse decides that the two characters are its friends, after they tried, and almost succeeded in murdering it in cold blood. I have no idea."
,Recommended,295790,22078058,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,GoFigure75,"Short, Simple, Sweet. It is how I view this game.Short storyline. I beat it in a reasonable amount of time, and watched all the cultural videos as it gave more meaning to the story itself.Simple. It is 2D, linear gameplay, and straightforward, and something a child could play without too much difficulty. Using a controller was much easier than the mouse/keyboard for me.Sweet. It is visually pretty overall.If you want to learn about another culture then I completely recommend this game for you."
,Recommended,295790,22223682,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,LunaRei,"This game is super cute. I study Anthropology in college and so having the insights was very enjoyable for me. It was really nice to play a story that's been passed down from generation to generation in a culture that has been around for as long as it has.The only complaint I have is when Fox 'changes' so does his controls and in Chapter 10 I found for me, that his controls were hard to work with because you have to switch between Nuna and Fox frequently. I'm sure those that are more profient    with using the keys wouldn't have as many issues as I did.But over all I would highly recommend this game!"
,Recommended,295790,14248969,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,IRIxAgent47,"This is a great game if you are a casual gamer. The story is only 2 hours long max with watching all the documentaries. I feel like the game really needed to be extented and a lot longer, but I don't think people would have followed the story if it was longer. Pretty good game, I just don't think its worth over $8 for the amount of content. :/"
,Recommended,295790,13050642,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Faeldray,"Absolutely beautiful graphics with a heart-warming (and heart-breaking) story. This games does an excellent job of telling this Inupiat fable, plus other bits of their life and heritage in unlockable short videos.The only cons are a few glitches I ran into (which were fixed by going back to the last savepoint) and that sometimes the AI wasn't very smart while in singleplayer mode. If you're able to play co-op with the friend, I think it would be much more enjoyable and easier."
76561198046365686,Recommended,295790,30219528,Posted: 27 February,all,bbck12,Played together in coop with my girlfriend and we had great time. Do not expect a challenging platformer that tests your reflexes. The game is more of a nice story that is told via platforming and puzzles.
,Not Recommended,295790,17099492,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Duvin,"This game could have been amazing. The story, the art, and the added value are simply mind blowing. What's the problem then? I'll tell you what - The BLOODY GAMEPLAY THAT'S what. How can you make such a beautifull game - with such terrible programing?? After long long hours in which I'm trying to make the characters do as I please, VERY SIMPLE ACTIONS, I completely lost interest in the game. No matter how beautifull it is, it is UNPLAYABLE."
76561197989130222,Recommended,295790,21179647,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Lutik,"Short but very pretty and thoughtfull game,  not fast paced (I have good relaxing time with this) and also can by play with one friend if one of you have controller... Also includes nice mini cyclus documentary about Iñupiat from vast Alaska nature.Only negative it has some times not well responsive control using keyboard (but it is obviously strong recommended for using controller which I dont own)P.S. It is also not so tough for achiev hunters to accomplish ;)"
,Recommended,295790,20403811,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Mands,"I originally was interested in this game solely because of its beautiful graphics. The artwork looked so beautiful, I wanted to see what this game was all about. Once it went on sale, I bought it to give it a try. This game gives you roughly 3 hours of game play, with the option of purchasing a DLC which obviously extends the story. I however did not buy the DLC, so my review will only reflect the actual game.Never Alone is a story-telling platform that gives you the option of playing in co-op or individually. Not only is this game a piece of art, it gives you insights into another culture you may not have known much about. The game switches between two different art forms in order to tell the story of a young girl and her new found friend. These two friends are inseparable through their journey to protect the girls village. Although this game can be difficult at times, it is an enjoyable puzzle game, that you will use trial and error as well as your problem solving skills to get you through.I suggest this game to people with all levels of gaming. I especially recommend this game for pairs of friends that have varying levels of gaming, because it allows you to help each other through the puzzles and platforms in many different ways. I myself do not consider myself to have high gaming abilities, but even I was able to help my partner with parts in this game. It has a little bit of something to offer to everyone that plays the game.One last interesting thing that this game offers that I thought was unique are the ""cultural insights"" built into the game. Similar to the achievements that you will receive while playing through the game, you will be awarded these cultural insights. In the main menu, after you complete the game, you are able to view all of your insights and click on ones you find interesting to watch. These insights will give you more cultural background and extend the games premise if you really enjoyed it. Learning more about the events and stories that helped mold the frameworks of Never Alone is a great bonus for real fans of the game."
,Not Recommended,295790,20575938,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Deftone,"I want to like it, but i don't.The gameplay is so annoying."
,Not Recommended,295790,18402208,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Dar-Ma,"Reasonably pretty and ok story, but buggy, short and not fun to play. Spend your money on something else."
,Recommended,295790,12995531,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,End of earth,Game is fun and hard at the same timepuzzles are interesting and thoughtful
,Recommended,295790,13049096,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,sofiyachan,Beautiful.
76561198031314829,Recommended,295790,14241643,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,feathers_ash,You can`t be in a sunny room as the screen is very Dark (and as the fox i struggled to see some of the places i was suppose to bounce to) But so far having lots of fun and enjoying it!
,Recommended,295790,17279380,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Brian C. (The Schmaltzy Cynic),"This review will include both the main-game and the Foxtales--rather one story--DLC. Considering at the moment there is a bundle deal for both items and the soundtrack, I would recommend getting that offer if the game does interest you.Gameplay Bug BearsThere are plenty of outlets that have gone into great detail on the shortcomings of this game. Namely, the gameplay. I don't really think I can say anything else than this game is a platformer: You jump, you solve simple puzzles with either the environment (mostly spirit guides) or some sort of tool (the projectile or a box or something).I have heard from people like Total Biscuit that the KB&M controls are a pain to deal with, but I play these games with a controller all the time. Even on the controller, the gameplay can be stiff, especially when you are in a chase-sequence and you need to wind-up your projectile to knock an obstacle in-front of you under stress. You have to hold the aim-stick back, wait a second to charge it up, then fling the stick in the other direction to launch while running as fast as you can.Also, I played this game solo, and yes, the AI will get stuck or get itself killed regularly, though I have found the AI fares better in the main-game now (but the DLC has the same problem). So the local cooperative play is perhaps your best way of experiencing this game.What might interest you about this game?WIth those issues put forward, now let me try to entince you to want to play this game. The main thing this game does excell in is its aesthetic. Not only do the models of the protagonists, the tundra landscape and other animals look beautiful but the mythical spirits and other supernatural elements fit so perfectly that even the natural landscapes almost seem dreamlike. And throughout the game the environments keep you to want to move forward.Despite how simple the puzzles are, the game does feel well-made for a simple coop platformer. Of course, not everything mechanical is flawless; bugs, glitches or the delay on the projectile are minor problems. But if you appreciate both the pace of a good 50 hour RPGs and the no-extra-fluff of a 2 to 4 hour title, then I think you'll enjoy the game regardless of its brief length.Lastly, there is obviously a lot of devotion put into honoring the creators' heritage, and it shows through the story and the art-style. The best way I can recommend this game is to ask you to not think of this as another simple artsy platformer like Limbo or A Story of My Uncle; it's a game-adaptation of an ancient epic tale from another culture. Like something you'd read out of The Odyssey. You have a heroine relying on her own skills and her compainion, the Fox, to overcome the challenges of nature and to save her family and friends over the seflish interests in some people. That is at least how I see the game, an interactive epic tale--you might think otherwise.The story isn't going to be groundbreaking to modern tastes, obviously, but the story they do have touches on timeless human nature themes: Altrustistic communities, the error in selfish pursuits, the afterlife within our natural world, supernatural forces, etc. I think the way the game handles telling these stories with only the narrator explaining what the protagonists are pursuing and thinking makes for a wonderful tale for adults. There are some dark tones in the story that makes it feel very mature, yet nothing is too graphic for kids if you want to play this game with a younger sibling or child, unless death is too morbid of a topic to handle.Intrusive CommentaryAs much as I appreciate being given cultural context in the game, such as the projectile weapon or the beliefs of the creators, I rather wished the commentary didn't feel so shoehorned. You are not forced to watch them, but every menu screen will remind you of any unseen cultural insights. And the cultural insights are the only collectables to be found. Some of these clips do a good job in explaining what some characters, like the Owl Man, mean/represent and what purpose do they serve. Others I thought were too preachy or trying too hard to make the culture sound more original when they were using the same themes found in other cultures.Also, some of the subtly is lost through these sometimes blunt explainations, and sometimes these explainations are reaching beyond what was shown to the player. For example, the introduction of the Foxtales is of the fox chasing a mouse and the girl following along--this apparently is the devs showing that the two are disrespecting nature by playing with animals and not hunting them. Is this clear to the player? Not really, not until the very last cultural insight are you told that was the moral of the story. It doesn't ruin the experience, but it does stand out compared to other cutscenes that tell the lessons of the story through actions and gameplay.The DLC: FoxtalesTotal playtime of the DLC with several deaths and all the cultural insight videos, 70 mins. I find it hard to recommend current players to buy this DLC at the current discounted price as the name of the DLC should have been ""A Foxtale"", unless the devs plan on making more side-stories with the two protagonists. A season-pass or some sort of bundle of these extra levels would be the best idea to purchase, if more are on the way. What you get with this DLC are three levels with new puzzle mechanics added in: there is a small boat, some spirit rocks and a new boss-fight. The puzzles are more complex, yet they're still very simple. It's a rather bittersweet bonus story.ConclusionNo matter how much I have nitpicked at this game, and how there are legitimate issues with the gameplay, I still think I got my money's worth out of this game. Perhaps you might think the same if you give it a try."
,Not Recommended,295790,26339712,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,kochanoff,"Disliked narrator, setting and somehow dull gameplay"
76561197962437315,Not Recommended,295790,13824542,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Green Lobster,"I had some Xbox controllers, so I was hoping I would not run into the problem that others where facing. This game was clearly not ready to be launched. When using the controllers, the players keep running to the left. Tried playing 2 player, but it is impossible when the controllers do not work. No other game has this issues, so I know the controllers are working fine.  I would not recommend this game if you plan on playing 2 player."
,Recommended,295790,13773967,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Threskiornis moluccus,a cool game just in time to help you Beat the Heat this summer
76561197999560373,Recommended,295790,13062748,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Fortunerunner,"I am a law student. One of my courses is Indigenous Legal Traditions, where I studied Indigenous laws embedded in stories, and the challenges presented to them by colonialism. This game beautifully represents some of the legal traditions of this community, which are embedded in its stories and characters. I love how knowledge about the culture is literally unlocked as I play. The game itself is beautiful, with an excellent soundtrack and engaging gameplay. This is what gaming is all about - let nobody say that games can't be art."
,Not Recommended,295790,18271989,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Radical,"BEFORE YOU BUY THIS GAME!Just know that the mechanics and actualy gameplay is awful. Controls are clunky, there's imput lag, you get stuck on ledges and the mechanics they give you are used once then forgetten for the rest of the game.I guess the point of the game was literally to spread the culture of these eskimos but seriously the gameplay is bad. It's so repetitive and simple! I never had to think about what I was doing ever. Its so straight forward I almost never stopped moving. The AI of the partner will kill itself constantly in 6 or 7 parts of the game making it tedious. The gameplay is just bad. If you want to learn about culture and watch the videos they give you, seriously just look them all up. Not wroth 15$ to get mad at a 3 hour long game thats a chore to finish."
,Recommended,295790,14022227,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,TheSassyPickle,"I loved this game. I like that I learned a thing or two, and felt invested in the two characters. Not the most complex mechanically, but who cares? It was beautiful and fun, and it gave me all the feels."
76561198046753660,Recommended,295790,14695374,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,NHS-Underpaid-Overworked,"Beautiful. Story telling as it should be, raw, real and true, I'm very happy I have bought this game. The History is truely remarkable. It's a shame in a way that we dont see it as much any more, both in video games and real life.Highly recommend if your a fan of story telling games and platformers."
,Recommended,295790,14314579,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,kelseyr713,"I loved the stories - both in-game and the unlockable documentary-style videos. It was also nice to have a little girl as the main character. It's very easy to get emotionally attached to Nuna and Fox. The graphics are lovely, with my favorite part (visually) being the Northern Lights level. Unfortunately, I'm not great at platformers, so I found this a mostly frustrating experience. Some of the puzzle parts required turning to a walkthrough to solve, and even then, the controls can be very fiddly. I was playing with a 360 controller."
,Recommended,295790,22075039,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Henry,Have you ever had a dream where your surrounded by a big cluster♥♥♥♥ of snow not knowing where you are and getting chased by ♥♥♥♥ing bears wanting the munchies i was like f*** that♥♥♥♥♥♥im no♥♥♥♥♥♥♥kebab throw me a boomstick so i can deal with this little ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and the psychopath also chasing me i only wanted to build a snowman ya dig but he was having none of it so he kills my companion for the giggles and then it magically comes back to life as a human ? flying about like a ♥♥♥♥ing angel who drank lots of redbull so really you did me a favor now my companion will fly me up to mars that has been my life long dream and then i woke up
,Recommended,295790,15564432,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,redsoul41,"Review - Never Alone (Kisima Ingitchuna)""A stunningly beautiful and soothing experience.""Never Alone (Kisima Ingitchuna) is an amazing game which tells a story about Iñupiat, an Alaska Native people's myth legend, called Kunuuksaayuka. You play interchangeably between Nuna and the Fox as you explore and try to save your home village from a terrifying blizzard. The graphics are beautiful and very fluid. Though at times quite annoying, the atmosphere is very realistic with strong winds pushing your character back and forth whenever there's a blizzard. The music is also spectacular. It gives you the feeling of a traditional folklore especially when you combine it with the narrations. The story plot is great. The game also features a lot of different puzzles though the game is quite short overall. The cultural insights collectibles are very informative. They tell you more about not just Iñupiat but additional details like polar bears, the tundra and way of life of people who live in Alaska.Overall, this game is quite an experience. If you're looking for a decent coop puzzle platforming game with a great story then, this is a MUST try for you. The game is quite easier on coop mode but it's also enjoyable in singleplayer mode though a bit challenging.My Personal Rating:Graphics: 9/10Music: 8/10Gameplay: 9/10Story: 8/10Overall:  8.5/10"
,Recommended,295790,14786351,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,gameface,"I don't like platformers ... but this game looked so cute I just had to try it.Let me start by stating that I generally don't like platformers, though a few have made the short list of those that got some of my gaming time.  For that reason alone, even playing this was unlikely, but this game looked so cute I just had to try it and now, Never Alone (Kisima Ingitchuna) can be added to this list.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RG3SG2D6GaM&list=UUMc9vxo5NN-yMIkAecJ87BgThis game is dreamy.  Beautiful graphics backed by a solid story give it something very few games of any genre posses.  I can imagine feeling the ice crystals whipped into the air, scratching at my face, when the blizzard blows and breathing in the cold arctic air as I run from danger.  The story is intertwined with the unique culture of the Iñupiat people and blends well with the atmosphere the game creates. I really think that these are the reasons I like it so much.As a platformer, it has some fun mechanics, nevertheless it is nothing spectacular on this front, as many current games of the genre have much more depth of play.  I know I find games like this frustrating at times and rarely finish any of them but this is one of this gems that I may even play a second time.GameFace"
,Not Recommended,295790,34064322,Posted: 6 August,all,sweetpotatofries,"Beautiful art, excellent story. Game play gets very repetitive and characters move achingly slow at times."
,Not Recommended,295790,32062573,Posted: 30 May,all,mack,"Its just you're classic platformer, except the gameplay itself is flawed with glitchy movements that makes the game hard to play and get immersed in. The tasks and challenges are the most basic aswell, and not different from any other type of platformer. Overall, I feel most people only think they like this due to the story which in my opinion is nothing great either."
76561198321445112,Recommended,295790,25927140,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,HAKUNA MATATA,"Great game, learned a lot from playing it. If you havent got it already do yourself a favour!"
76561197966435823,Recommended,295790,28790785,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Ben,A good but quite simple shared screen co-op game.I doubt I would play this alone but I've been playing this with my girlfriend who isn't much of a gamer and she's really enjoyed it so far.The gameplay is quite simple basic 2D platforming with 3D graphics spiced up with a few twists. The characters are cute and appealing and the atmospheric environments are beautifully crafted.There are also interesting documentary videos you unlock as you play that teaches you about the alaskan natives.I would recommend this to someone looking for a simple and approachable platformer.
,Recommended,295790,18398812,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,PancakeWizard,You will learn to♥♥♥♥♥♥yourself when you see a polar bear. 10/10.
76561197965361589,Not Recommended,295790,14709742,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Psymon²,boringdodgy platforminginstant deathstrivial puzzlessuicidal buddy AIclueless cameraodd story
,Recommended,295790,15615766,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Ben,"what a great game! it's really neat to see a game that's inspired by some other culture entirely. so much out there is greek/roman, mayyybe nordic... but this was something entirely new (to me)! and seeing how they adapted from stories and art to the game - via the documentary-style clips - was really cool, too.the game is pretty easy. I didn't mind that, but some people might. co-op was fun, and well-executed: only rarely would one player have nothing to do, and each player had very different mechanics/roles. it felt a bit forced early on, but that may have just been the game tutorializing me more than _I_ happened to need.my only complaint - which might sound totally silly - was the romanticization of subsistence living in the documentary clips. like, you know how some people get upset about how games romanticize pirates on the high seas, when in fact life was lame, and people were cruel? somehow that's never bothered me, but the romanticization of subsistence living did. the human race has worked hard for the last couple thousand years to enable people to do more with their lives than just hunt for food. infant mortality rates are way down. most bacterial diseases are no longer life-long, or life-THREATENING. we've invented computers (allowing THIS GAME to exist); taken pictures of planets in our solar system; built the hubble telescope. it's crazy! it's amazing! what will we do next, as a species? I dunno. but hopefully not decide to spend all our time hunting instead of discovering.sorry about that rant. this game IS amazing. you should play it."
76561198025282685,Recommended,295790,17329490,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Kentokae,"This game is simply Amazing. This have the be not only my first but the very first documentary video game on the market. I  would love to see more documentaries in the form of a video game. IT would be incredible if there were a VD of; The Big history, other native tribes, verious lifestyles ect. I degress, This game is have beautiful graphics, a nice relaxing backgroud music, simple yet intuitive game and an amazing story to tell. This is perhaps one of the most unique video games I've have ever played and I am looking foward to playing more games like this. Kudos towards Upper One Games and E-Line Media on started a new genre of video games, and I hope you release more games in the future."
,Recommended,295790,16934890,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Tupscal,"It is difficult to begin the review of Never Alone, because I don't see it as a game, really, more like a documentary with interactive parts once in a while.In the game you play with Nuna (the child) and the Fox and have to navigate within the Iñupiat, an Alaska Native people, culture. There are numerous cutscenes and mini-videos explaining each of their beliefs and habits in detail, which are very well produced and beautiful. I really enjoyed watching them and was amused about the discoveries about their culture which I didn't expect.About the game itself, it is visually stunning, but lacks real difficulty, everything is quite obvious and only gets a little more complicated by the end, where the difficulty can be by the game itself or by the poor AI which fails to control the character you're not using, letting it die again and again (which was really frustrating).So yeah, it's a beautiful game indeed, with a unique story and storytelling, but rather short (~2h30min to watch and do everything in game) and with zero replayability. It feels like a documentary or a short movie, not really a game and I recommend because I enjoyed learning about the Iñupiat, but could have felt the same watching a well produced video."
76561198128921919,Recommended,295790,16972510,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,CuriousCat,"(*BEFORE PLAYING* Do yourself a favour and watch the cut scenes you earn along the way, it plays along with the story) Great story, breath-taking graphics(!), so glad to see this style/type of game on the rise in popularity"
76561198108250911,Not Recommended,295790,15925906,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,carlos.m.fino,WORST CONTROLS EVER. =/
,Recommended,295790,16006525,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,The Yak,"Great Indie Platformer that offers 2 player co-op.Full controller support with xbox button style visual cues.  Rumble support.3ish hour playtime, 100%.Great visuals and atmospheric presentation."
,Recommended,295790,15768874,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,LambertRus,Очень красивая и душевная игра.
76561198104198028,Recommended,295790,16675573,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Blckmbrll,"Before I bought the game, I've read a lot of reviews saying that the controls are very difficult. I just finished the game alone with a controller and I didn't experienced any difficulties with the controlls. They aren't as difficult as some say. Though in some parts of the game it can be difficult, but isn't it normal that there must be a challenge in the game? It isn't impossible.The story line is great, although the story is short, I've really enjoyed the game. The only negative point for me is that I couldn't watch the culture visions because the game would crash. Maybe if I try some different settings, it may work for me. But those are extra's and didn't take away the story or game play. I would definitly recommed this game :)"
,Not Recommended,295790,15859906,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Flamingo Twist,Of course they killed the fox.
76561198117009317,Recommended,295790,13080005,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Gingkage,"I saw this game with the Steam Game announcements and since I love animals, seeing an adorable fox was the first thing to catch my eye. So I put it on my wish list and then maybe two days later took it off because I had to buy it and wasn't going to wait for Christmas like I initially planned.I love this game. The animation is beautiful, the music is beautiful, but what I love most are the Cultural Insight videos that you can find and watch.The puzzles can get tricky, espicially if, like me, you're not good at either puzzles or platforming games, so where it took most people only a couple hours, it took me around 11.My biggest problem with the game (minus the very heartbreaking event that happens just before the end) is the fact that there are times when it's REALLY obvious that this was made for two people and then adapated to be played by one person. There were times when I had split seconds to change characters and then complete the needed action, be that jumping or in Nuna's case using the bola. All of the puzzles can be completed by a single person, but playing by yourself can sometimes get a little tricky when you need to change characters quickly.Overall, I'd give this game an 8.5 out of ten.I very much recommend this game, frustrations and all. Just... don't get too attached to the fox."
76561198007115148,Recommended,295790,13516203,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Covfefe,"I don't normally write reviews but this game is something special. Only played for a bit over the hour but I can see the next few nights going to finishing this game. Great narrative, good puzzels and the animation is pretty damn nice.The events of the game and the themes it tries to deliver are quite refreshing. A lot of story telling in games can be quite dark however do little to advance or challenge expected norms/outcomes which I think can lead to ubiquitous genre or gaming experience. Though the initial story is quite dark, it's told in a captivating way making it feel like a more meaningful interactive experience.The mechanics are also quite good and work to tell the story rather than impede it. It rewards pretty fast reflexes but nothing too punishing at the moment which keeps the game focused on the narrative!!10/10 :)"
,Recommended,295790,13538951,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Hey_Trevor,"It's beautiful, fun and detailed.The videos you can unlock about their culture are awesome.An amazing game. Srly.Buy it.10/10"
,Recommended,295790,14677846,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,cadaverouswind,Finally!!..On Mac:) ...Worth the Wait....Stunning!! Monumental!!...Goosebumps already..
76561198068427601,Recommended,295790,14860302,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Nalrica,"This game is beautiful and artistic. The protagonists are loveable and the mechanics of the game are wondrous. No inventory, leveling or grinding, this game keeps it simple. Simple is not dull, however. The puzzles you must solve to advance are clever and fun to play. Switching between the girl and the wolf is smoother than I would have expected - a pleasant surprise - and adds a anxious element during a few areas where you need to switch characters quickly. (From a single players perspective) Lastly, I have to note the lore. As you progress through the game, you unlock featurettes about the Inuit culture. If you enjoy learning about other cultures, you will absolutely love them."
,Recommended,295790,16545604,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Amonshige,Beautiful in both appearance and spirit.
,Recommended,295790,16678377,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,ethan,"Never Alone is a beautiful piece of art. It's hard to judge a game like this. Half of the experience will be watching some beautifully done cultural insights, the other half is a cool platforming game that suffers from ""not so accurate"" controls. If you compare Never Alone to Mario, the former is not a very good jumper, but seeing NA as way to tell a story, it is a very successful attempt and it deserves to be experienced."
76561198005647965,Recommended,295790,17584767,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,P1nball_W1zard,"Here's a checklist for playing the game:Do you1) Enjoy a different storytelling experience that can be enjoyed either in one sitting or over the course of a few nights?2) Enjoy playing games of cultural significance?3) Enjoy learning about the far flung peoples of this world?4) Have an ability not to get overly frustrated by what are (in all honesty) middling controls?If you answered no to any of these, don't play the game."
,Recommended,295790,19120443,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Salarn,https://youtu.be/Skmq0qlWbl8'Never Alone' is an outstanding game for it's visual style and story telling.  It is refreshing to see a game be influenced by a minority culture and make such a compelling game from it.There are some technical flaws and bugs that are a minor slight against the overall experience but if you can over look that you'll be well rewarded.
,Not Recommended,295790,19237943,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,kddddddd,"★★★SPOILER ALERT★★★Was this storry really THIS exciting you had to make a game about it?Also, I thought this cute fox was actually a fox, not a ghostly boy...Sadly, the gameplay is also boring.Sorry, but... not really."
,Recommended,295790,19596185,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Flusky,10/10 Would cry again
,Recommended,295790,21216336,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Snus,"This game has one big issue: clunky controls. This is almost entirely negated by the fact checkpoints are placed very often  and Never Alone is an easy game. It's pretty short too: finished the main game and Fox Tales DLC in about 5 hours with all the achievements.Other than that, a good story, great visuals and a lot of insights into the livelihood of inuat people."
,Recommended,295790,14675029,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Anonysaurus,"Nice platformer with good visuals and audio.The game is narrated in inuktitut and supports 9 languages, too bad ᐃᓄᒃᑎᑐᑦ is not the one. The game would look just awesome with it's symbols."
,Not Recommended,295790,16988285,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,oaklandnative,poor mechanics and level design. repetitive with lots of cheap deaths.
,Recommended,295790,13044239,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Nik,Extremely original. great co-op play. Truly unique and inspired storytelling!
,Recommended,295790,28966614,Posted: 2 January,all,psenough,"nice platform game, love the use of native culture as basis for the game."
,Recommended,295790,13035426,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,oleracea acephala,"Beautiful visuals and an amazing concept. It is a pretty straightforward platformer (so far!) and the cooperative mode is fun. and works well. The arctic fox's behaviors are impressive; when you are playing as Nuna (the girl) you really don't want to miss a jump because the fox cries are tear jerkers! And the story-telling is really engaging; the download is as big as it is primarily because there are a ton of videos about stories, the animal, and the land that you unlock as you play. We will update more as we play through the rest of the game!"
,Recommended,295790,35229569,Posted: 26 September,all,Desmight,"It's good.Score: 6,5/10."
76561198090365221,Recommended,295790,17179938,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,ZippyWald,"This game is incredibly beautiful, the soundtrack is great, definently worth checkin out."
,Recommended,295790,25978446,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Gnodax,Beautifully done. Lots of fun playing it co-op with two controllers.
76561197976496712,Recommended,295790,26059766,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Zhenn,"I bought this game on sale for a great price. It's been sitting in my wish list for awhile. Looked neat, had good reviews, etc.This game is a platformer with the added nuance of switching control between two characters to solve the various problems, many of which require cooperation between the two. It is also a kid friendly game, though not specifically aimed at them.There is a significant portion of this game dedicated to teaching about a tribe in Alaska. While this may be interesting, it is not necessary to play the game, so if you're interested... it's there. If you aren't, then it's easy to skip.I'm sure plenty of reviews cover the content of the game, I won't bother here. Suffice it to say that I found the actual game play to be pretty fun and the aesthetic to match well with the game. Controls are simple, though unalterable, making for a touch of awkwardness from me. If you don't have a control pad, it's basically WASD, CTRL, Space, LMB, & Shift. I prefer ESDF controls, but it wasn't really all that bad to adjust to. The control key is probably the most awkward, as it is the one you use to avoid being blown away by heavy winds.As others have mentioned, it is not a particularly long game, but it isn't very costly, either, and well worth the price. I had a good time. The overall feel was immersive, the game outside of the atmosphere was interesting and varied enough to hold attention. I recommend giving it a go."
,Recommended,295790,25760615,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Acloholics Annyonimis,"This game is really beatiful, Amazing story sadly not enough gameplay even with the DLC"
,Recommended,295790,25808642,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,GabbaGab128,"Best co-op game I have ever played. Beutifully designed and amazing writing. I also really enjoyed the cultural insights. Personally, I enoyed it more in ps4 but I also have it for pc. Overall an excellent game."
76561198018278872,Recommended,295790,25810466,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Gus Calvo,"(10/01/2016) --- This game is beautiful; just beautiful and as well something different from many others, mostly because of the hybrid gameplay which mix a puzzle based platform and information with videos about the Alaskan Indigenous folklore.The game is set on a remote northern region, in which the players is placed on a harsh enviroment in which is granted control of a Iñupiaq girl named Nuna and an arctic fox, with both of them advancing through a series of puzzles in order to calm the perpetual storm that is hitting the region.Within the game itself, the player discovers the cultural development of the Cook Inlet tribes (WayBack Machine, 2007); the story is set within the idea of inter-generation transfer of wisdom or in other words ""oral tradition"" as it was common before any form of pictographic writing was developing by the aboriginal tribes (NNLM, 1999) The game deepens into exploring myths such as the Blizzard  Man, the Little People, Manslayer, Polar Bears, The Rolling Heads and the Sky People, while dividing the game into eight chapters.Into the snow.The control setup on the game can be problematic at certain moments and as well unresponsive; the puzzles aren't that complicated, but having the reaction time and alter between the fox and the Nuna can cause several returns to the last check point.Mostly the problem with the controls is when the fox has to jump on different platforms or trying to reach a higher ledge; albeit the other aspect is the lack of customization of the controls to make them easy to the keyboard-mouse interface, that is heavily used on the game.Before being Swallowed by the Ice-WhaleThe graphics and layouts are gorgeous, they mix between scrimshaw, polygonal rendering and a faux 3D that give the enviroment a beautiful rendering about a land that has difficult living conditions due the harsh weather.Probably what it takes the price are the cut-scenes, they are just beautiful and minimalist, as if the stories carved in the bones gain life and start moving, giving the player the perspective that Nuna is part of the folklore rather than being an actual human as there are the hints that she can't die but rather is a journey that must fulfill until is reached.The project is the debut game of Upper One Games; the first indigenous owned game company in the U.S.A. that is based in Seattle, Washington (Upper One Games Homepage) that was launched by the Native Alaskan Cook Inlet Tribal Council (Wikipedia). A fascinating aspect of this game and one that can separate it from others, the game is narrated in the Iñupital language with subtitles by an Iñupiat Elder; which follows the thematic of oral tradition to the storytelling.The OwlmanA central part of the storytelling involves finding the owls that are scattered across the different levels, each owl will open a snippet of a video in which will let the player know more about the Iñupiat culture. The paradox with the owls is that it can isolate the players from the focus of the game that is to educate people about the Iñupiats, due the reason each owl offers a unique insight that is crucial the story.There are no hints into finding them, even some of them can be difficult to reach to due the lack of response within the controllers as well the locations. It is amazing, that the unorthodox move by mixing video interviews as well historical snippets could give such a deep meaning to a game because there is a proper explanation of the symbolism that surround the lore such as the drums but also the sense of community, and even how life developed in the tundra.Never Alone is actually worth of playing, a different experience in the gaming world as it offers a unique gameplay. It tells a story and it expose the player to the Alaskan Aboriginal Cultures with a very unique perspective."
,Recommended,295790,26005962,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,amd133mhz,"I enjoyed this game.Good- It was a lot of fun to play. I really enjoyed the platformer elements and the artwork. I really liked watching the videos. It was a very nice added bonus, and I learned something by doing it. Never a bad thing!Neutral-  The game was a bit clunky. Meaning, some of the controls were sticky, jumps would not land sometimes or you might get stuck. It was not terrible or unplayable by any means.Bad- It was too easy in some places and other places it was too unclear which direction to go.Graphics- 4/5. The art style and scenery really looked great. I enjoyed the almost, hand drawn effect,Sound- 5/5 The music and the sound effects were top notch.Gameplay- 3/5 A bit clunky, some small bugs and sometimes boring gameplayStory- 5/5. That what this game is. A masterpiece story told by one of this cultures elders. Fantastic delivery of the story. The videos were a great addition and looked amazing.Overall 4/5. Buy this game on sale because eeven with the videos, it is a bit short. I really enjoyed it and even for some of its faults, it was a fun game. Not mind blowing but a lot of fun and a good time was had."
,Recommended,295790,25764450,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Eijensama,"Bought this off a Steam sales 80% off. For me, I really enjoy the atmospheric feeling the game gives you, and especially the cultural insights that takes you on a journey into the culture the game's trying to teach you. As for the platforming, I won't say it's too hard, though there are a few points where I kept dying, there bumping into a little frustration (but hey, I finished this without a controller and in single-player)! Loved the story-telling, background music, and the environment.Would recommend you play together with a friend in local co-op using controllers though, because the AI does nothing most of the time and you need to switch between characters, sometimes even falling to their deaths when you are busy focusing something else (rare, but it's kinda funny).Overall, it's a short game (unless you spent all the time actually paying attention to the Cultural Insights, which I do). Nevertheless it will only cost you a few hours."
76561198075279714,Recommended,295790,26005921,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,skågard,"Great game! Song, graph, gameplay, nothing let me down :)"
,Recommended,295790,25765405,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,clownba0t,"Never Alone is a beautiful game and a wonderful experience. Beyond anything else, it was lovely to encounter a culture rarely portrayed in any modern media, let alone games. I don't know how accurate the portrayal is, but the simple fact of being reminded that the culture exists scores high points for me. In particular, it was delightful to encounter something other than the usual neon hack and slash kill-first-don't-even-bother-with-the-questions-later style games which are in abundance these days. Thoroughly recommended, particularly over a couple of good beers."
76561198286569749,Recommended,295790,26111490,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,darkdragon735,"This is a very good game, I enjoyed it from beginning to end.The graphics is nice and artistic. The music is just beautiful and longing.The story is simple, like a folklore that teaching the relationship between human and nature, about tradition. There are also multiple videos that you can collect to learn more about the Inuit.For game play, most of the time it is quite correct and response timely, at least from using keyboard. I don't know how it is using controller. There are various checkpoints so that I didn't have to repeat a long process should I fail. One flaw is that sometimes it respawns weirdly after a death, which makes the character die instantly again, but it quickly fixes itself.This game requires some skills at some points, especially toward the end. I'll have to simultaneously control two characters to execute the tasks in time, sometimes it is a little frustrating having to redo over and over again. Also, it requires some thinking in solving the puzzles. It's like playing a co-op game by yourself.Personally, I don't have any complaints toward the game. However, as I said it needs certain skills, so very young kids or inexperienced gamers may find it a little bit frustrating. One tip though is that controlling the fox and let the AI controls the girl seems to be working for me. I mostly played as the fox, unless I needed the girl's skills, or if AI just became dumb, or there were slopes going down (as the fox is way faster than her and can get past the screen then die)."
76561198236177828,Recommended,295790,26309549,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,markhocky,A very enjoyable if somewhat short game. My fiance and I finished it in one evening.The change in one of the characters in the final third of the game made it less enjoyable for the person using that character. I don't want to say too much for risk of spoiling the story.
76561198008057953,Not Recommended,295790,17324873,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,solitas777,"This game is beautiful, this game is culturally sensitive, and this game tells an interesting story. Unfortunately, this game is boring and uninteresting.  It's a simple platformed that is not only unimaginative but has done before. The game play for this platformer is simple and the pacing is so slow that it's painful.Pros: Beautiful, interesting story, music can be beautiful, voice acting well doneCons: Boring slow pace, story is paced too slow, platforming so simple and boring. Controls are sloppy and poorly thought out.This game couldn't hold my attention for more than 30 minutes, there are so many better games out there. Don't waste your time."
76561198025093383,Recommended,295790,13597841,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Coffeefox,"Kisima Ingitchuna, or Never Alone is a platforming game about a young girl and her spirit fox friend.  Girl and Vulpine must work together to navigate tricky environments, escape from some enemies and defeat others.  Levels are interspersed with story cutscenes and narration, and there are so many cultural 'tidbits' tossed into the game you could even justify it as educational, though the education never gets in the way of the actual game. With smooth visuals and fairly clever design, as well as an interesting story, this game has a lot going for it.That said, the game does have a few flaws.  Control, I would say, is it's biggest.  I played single-player with a keyboard, so how it would fare with a controller or a second player I cannot say. But there were times when the game simply did not seem to respond to my keystrokes, usually in the worst possible places, leading to my imminent death or frustration. In some areas of the game, having to rapid switch my control from Fox to Girl and back again required almost insane split-second timing, and really didnt add to the fun for me.Lastly, though its mostly in the tidbits, there is a somewhat preachy and blame-y undercurrent to the game.  Climate change is introduced as a story element, and I note that 'The big bad' of the game looks suspiciously light-skinned. Though probably intended as a means to bring awareness, there is a faint whiff of 'We're very one-with-nature and you are not, you have to deal with the problem you caused, its not our fault.'  Which can seem a little hypocritical when paired with pictures of gasoline powered snow-mobiles, stories with cellphones in them, and mentions of whale hunting.All in all though, I actually enjoyed this game and recommend it to everyone."
,Recommended,295790,23679696,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Shannin,"This is a short, easy game with nice artwork and interesting background information on the people it is based on. The game's story isn't really there, though. It starts off promising, but then trails off with no concrete plotline. The puzzles are fairly straighforward, although there are some parts that I had to look up. They turned out to be really simple, but not very intuitive. There are some puzzles where the 2nd player needs to sit still, but the AI makes them follow you, which can be frustrating. There are also a few glitchy areas where the character will get stuck. I played with a generic Logitech gamepad and the controls were mostly fine. Throwing the bola was really annoying, though, because the aiming was really off."
,Recommended,295790,13556060,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,SlyNic,"I love games like this! Never Alone is an awesome tale of a native girl and a white wolf that comes along while in a time of need! Although Never Alone being a short game, it is more an experience than a video game, when i heard that it was made/created in collaberation with an Alasken tribe i was absoultly filled with curiosity! And it did not dissapoint, i am still playing through it for the first time but i am near the end of the journey!I would recommend this to anyone who likes Art Games, and likes to play games that are based around experience and the atmosphere that the game is trying to create for the player!If you have played any of the titles from ThatGameCompany (e.g. Journey, Flower flOw) you will appreciate this game for what it is.... an experience!"
76561198022903815,Not Recommended,295790,21482152,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Nessie,"As much as I love the idea behind the game, the story and its graphics, it's broken. With a controller, you can't play because it plays both characters at the same time with the same input (they have different speeds and skills, it's unplayable). Then you have to surf the internet to try and find a solution to it (if it works, you have to try a few to fix it for you, and even so, every time I died it reverted back to stupid mode). And then, there are the other bugs and glitches.So, if you can think you can deal with all of this, go for it. Otherwise, wait for them to fix it. If they ever intend doing so...."
,Recommended,295790,28880043,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,ObsessedLady,"A beautiful game with a wonderful story! Soundtrack amazing, and the art of the game is just so beautiful. Worth every second of my time, I can't wait to start playing the DLC :)"
,Recommended,295790,29734960,Posted: 5 February,all,General Underpants,A platformer that brings Iñupiaq folklore alive. The mini-doc thats unlocked throughout the game is a bonus.
76561198067558775,Recommended,295790,28877171,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Jax000,Thisi is definitely more than a game. I feel like I shall visit these Inupiaq communities at least once in my life time.
76561198347469586,Recommended,295790,28832476,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,LiLeLaLiLo,"I love this kind of style,like LIMBO and INSIDE ,although there are some bugs and not very pleasant or convenient in operation ,to put it in a nutshell,still fun to play."
,Recommended,295790,25776029,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Rumi,"Short little unity game, but very pretty and sweet.  Sound design is great.  Help little Nona and her fox friend adventure across the ice.  Throughout the game are discoverable videos that really hone in on this being a quest for culture by the developers.  Game really deserves to be in classrooms.  Light puzzle solving with educational video rewards."
76561198075641362,Recommended,295790,25776312,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,wilderwisdom,"Very beautiful graphics, story, interesting platforming. My only issue is that the controls are so vague as to really impact the playability for someone who has coordination issues."
,Recommended,295790,28717466,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,N7_Summit,Really cute game.
76561198076320783,Not Recommended,295790,28989229,Posted: 3 January,all,Adrelandro,"cute story, bad gameplay"
76561198093171505,Recommended,295790,28219007,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,RED,"Good game, but they must uptimise performance! R9 390 all the time loaded to 100%. Are you kidding me?!"
,Recommended,295790,17334223,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Excalibur,"Brilliant visuals, solid gameplay, challenging levels. Would reocmmend to others."
,Not Recommended,295790,25084017,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Jeckyll'n'Hyde,"Pleasant for a while but I became a bit bored with it's pacing and simplicity. Some minor glitches distract from the stroy which just doesn't have the emotional punch to compare it to the likes of Brothers, Limbo or Ori."
,Recommended,295790,17293667,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Big Medic,"Купил, потому что посоветовала подруга. Поиграл с сестрой, было весело. Поиграл с младшей сестрой, назвала придурком."
,Recommended,295790,29107352,Posted: 7 January,all,skia,"I really enjoyed Never Alone, it's a super neat and adorable indie game, with some puzzles on it that have you think about them, but not too extreme where you cant enjoy the game. I really enjoyed the lore of the game aswell. If you're looking for a short indie game, that has depth and character emotion to it, and also with some puzzles, then i'd say get this game, it's super worth it! Oh and its fun with a friend!"
,Recommended,295790,29107471,Posted: 7 January,all,drone110266,"Interesting game, can be a little tiring but very pretty to watch. Short play so worth it."
,Recommended,295790,31329755,Posted: 23 April,all,Player Review,"Nice graphics, reasonable platformer, interesting anthropology content. A bit repetitive, short. Disappointed that the pub/dev decided to lock all discussions in the forum and not allow people to post, which is a bit anti-gamer. I'm on the fence, but I suppose this gets a thumbs up."
76561198171146322,Recommended,295790,15190599,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Steve_Taro,"When I was looking at this game at first time, I was stunning the small game with 14.99 dollars, I swore to myself it's not valuable for me to play it. 5 days later after I looked at this video game, I rethink again why this small video game got the reputation in ""BAFTA WINNER GAME"". Therefore, I decided to buy it in full price with my concern, but everything in my thought is totally refusing from my mind after I play this game first 10 mins. Even though Never Alone is kind of story telling video game we have easy clues to solve, I am overwhelming stunned with sceneries and character design in this video game. Never Alone makes me to be interested in nature again. I guarantee that you will fall in love with Nuna and lovely white fox during playing time. They will let you experience with friendly companionship perfectly.I give this game : 8.7/10"
76561198047838578,Recommended,295790,13646630,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,lennox69913,"Very lovely and interesting game, great graphics and videos :)"
,Recommended,295790,20027511,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Dozenbeer,"Great game, its even better in coop.Pros:+ controller support+ graphics look beautiful+ runs super smooth+ a nice story that is even further explained...+ ...by collectible real film documentary from the makers and the people that live in Alaska. Collecting these videos felt rewarding and kept me searching, unlike in other games where I dont bother with collectibles+ a lot of plattforming and great puzzlesolvingCons:- its very short, about 3 hours with multiple retries in coop on some of the sections- aiming with the girls bolas with a controller was not how I expected it, somehow off center aiming- the asking price of 15€ is too much in my opinionA wonderful game that keeps you playing and exploring the Inupiat culture. It plays even better in coop and is a wonderful story altogether. I recommend it at a discounted price because of its very short runtime."
76561198074298261,Not Recommended,295790,33547890,Posted: 14 July,all,Prohexa,"Cute graphics, horrible controls. The keyboard/mouse controls sucked so bad I had to go and buy myself a brand new pair of game controls for co-op. Both gamepads worked great until I reached the Bola part (about 90 minutes in) and discovered that THE BOLA DOES NOT WORK WITH GAMEPADS. Seriously. The gamepads work perfectly in other games, calibrate perfectly in Windows and have all the right drivers. They also work perfectly for everything else in the game, except you CANNOT AIM THE BOLA WITH THE RIGHT CONTROLLER STICK, yet you are required to do so. And there are no settings to change this or choose an alternative button setup, other than going back to keyboard/mouse. This badly designed heap of bugs is absolute crap, I'm refunding."
,Not Recommended,295790,21043550,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,War Tycoon,"While the game does look good, has some interesting theming, and runs very smoothly, actually playing the game is a chore. It is far too simple  to somehow simultaneously also be annoying. What few controls there are tend to be poorly thought out, and if you are not playing co-op, your other character tends to commit suicide alot.What little actual gameplay exists here is poorly implamented.Not really worth the time, and definetly not worth the money."
76561198087580915,Not Recommended,295790,32823429,Posted: 26 June,all,Baba Yaga,The whole history is quite good. BUT THERE ARE TOO MANY GLITCHES OMG. It is ruinning it for me
,Recommended,295790,33870889,Posted: 28 July,all,Choquito Borges é o melhor gato,WHY SO CUTE AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
76561198123143958,Recommended,295790,25932240,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,r00ster14,Great mix between storytelling and action.
,Recommended,295790,25069836,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,JamesiK,"Great atmosphere, great soundtrack, great game."
76561198037639438,Recommended,295790,23924927,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Spaz,"I played this game with my girlfriend. And this is probably the best game to play with a girlfriend that's not a gamer. At the begening she was giving me the controller for me to do the more difficult jumps but after an hour she was doing it all by herself.Pros:Excellent art style- amazing attention to detail.nice storygood couch co op.overall fun experience.Cons:1st half of the game is great, but the last few levels are glitchy. I had about 20-30 deaths due to my character falling through the level. Also the last few levels just don't have that initial polish that the first levels had. The later levels felt like trial and error with the platforming and no real way to do the levels without cheap deaths.Also kind of short.And every time I try to play a documentiary the game crashes... which made me care a little less about them.Overall:I give the game a thumbs up because I had a good time, and my girlfriend really liked it, but I would pick it up on a sale though."
,Not Recommended,295790,17286413,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,The movie director,"buggy, weird piece of ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198168739666,Recommended,295790,21997176,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,NaviTot,"Pretty game with a good story, i finisshed with my girlfriend and we really enjoy it, only one thing, too short and a little eas, I recommend buy it with special price"
,Recommended,295790,14283812,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Basic.K9,"Such An amzing game. Love it, expecially the animations, the fox is so CUTE!"
,Recommended,295790,25562902,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,PotatoManDies,Great Story and Great Visuals Pick it up if theres a sale for a adventure
,Recommended,295790,25504379,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,narlingz,"such beautiful game, such bad controls, much annoying glitches, wow story telling and art."
76561197982514036,Recommended,295790,18428432,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Deslart,EVERY LEVEL IS AN ICE LEVEL!!!!!!!1!!!!1!!10/10 Polar Bears
76561198054549130,Recommended,295790,31051760,Posted: 9 April,all,Latvic,"It's a fun enough time but it never reaches the highs of the sublime ""Limbo"" it so clearly tries to knock off. If you can get past some frustrating pathfinding bugs for your second character (especially in the later stages of the game) you'll have a good time. This one is definitely worth picking up if it's on sale."
,Recommended,295790,31068085,Posted: 10 April,all,Alex & Harley,"Loved this game! Beautiful graphics, fun to play side-by-side with a friend, child, or partner (we didn't even bicker! ...much!). It's a quick play-through, but the mechanics make sense and the puzzles are not too difficult."
,Recommended,295790,13275271,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Nr.33 Obst. Riko Travis,"A interesting story Driven narrative about a girl and a wild fox whom travel through alaska facing many dangers. From what I've played so far the game is interestingly challenging especially in the later sections as you swap from the girl to the fox to solve multiple puzzles. The game can be very frustrating sometimes as you have to repeat several sections over and over again do to dieing alot. But the story is beutifull and the soundtrack is also. Also, the sound quality of the game and the voice acting of the narrarater is great! I found myself sunk into the story as I continued forth with my pet fox. ""Did I mention I love foxes?"" The game is far from perfect as I experienced some bugs here and there with terrain and some clipping issues but that didn't destroy the experience for me. Over all rating I'd give it a 10/10 because of the amount of detail there was in the foreground and background. And the history/ culture that you uncover through discovery."
,Not Recommended,295790,28647228,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,:),"Story and Design is pretty sweet, also the historical background is interesting... But the gameplay as a Single Player is horrible! Play it with another person when you want a better game experience.When you need to start playing the boy, at some point the game becomes more difficult/frustrating than it need to be.The Control is horribel. I needed between 2-3 hours to go trough this game, short but you can't make a traditional story longer than it is, so when you are interested in buying... buy the game when it is on sale!"
,Recommended,295790,21378614,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,djspade,"Walking, jumping and wall-jumping Simulator 2016!10/10 Would jump some more!"
,Recommended,295790,24266609,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,ΩCheshireSH̶R̴̷O̶OMॐ,Find your winter spirit animal :) Amazing narriation with help of Alaskan Native eldersAlso recommended by Psychonautic Gaming Collective
76561198245781322,Not Recommended,295790,35346907,Posted: 30 September,all,LoserOnTheLoose,"It breaks my heart to say this but: Don't buy this game.I was so enthusiastic to find a game that embraces the culture and folklore of the natives.Visuals of the game looked great, and the music played nicely with them. Character designs were cute, not the most unique, but nice. The fact that the storyteller spoke the native tongue of the Inuites really spoke to me. (heh) And the game had an ethreal ambience to it, the overall 'feel' is calming and beautiful.HOWEVERI haven't screamed at a game this much for a while. The game has a good cause, but it has been executed REALLY BADLY.The first few levels are allright, because the game keeps it fairly simple. You (most of the time) have time to react to things, and can work out the fairly simple puzzles in peace. However, when the pace gets faster, the clunky controls really start to drag you down. You'll die multiple times, not only because of the controls, but because your character decides to jump on itself over the ledge, or the dumb-as-a-boot-AI decides to kill itself by stopping to a place where it most likely will be squashed between two platworms. When playing a single player game you don't only have to look after yourself but also the AI with an IQ of a vegetable. If those things didn't make the game unfair for the player, should I mention that the game is RIDDLED with bugs.The biggest fault in the game however is its inconsistancy, in terms of both gameplay AND storytelling. There are a lot of things that aren't explained to the player, and things that have been INTRODUCED at the start of the game, but end up working completely differently later on in the game. This causes you to AGAIN die multiple times before figuring out that the game designers have had a complete brain fart, and don't remember how they introduced a certain game feature, and ended up changing it, without realizing that this might confuse the shaite out of the player. There are also things that you realize to be deadly, but you can't figure this out before you're dead. Sometimes the game also requires you to have the reflexes of a karateka, but with the controls that is just a complete impossibility on your first run.And about the inconsistancies in the plotline. (Mind you, I did not watch the info videos, because I wanted to keep my immersion to the story as keen as possible, and I thought that the videos were only disturbing on that part.)  There were A LOT OF THINGS that made no sense. After beating the game I'm just left with a bunch of questions which I never got an answer to. What was the point of the Bola (other than showing the spirits)? Why did the bad-guy want itso bad? What was his role in all of this (more than be a filler), if the girl's town and family were going to be alright in the end anyway? But the biggest question at the end is: WHY WAS THE GIANT HAPPY after Nona literally WRECKED the thing that he was working on?! (Whatever that was anyway) There were just so many things that didn't make ANY sense. I could've forgiven the technical difficulties to the game, if they'd only delivered on the part of the plot but no. Sorry no, I just can't.On the top of this. After finishing the game and quitting, the game decided to crash for the last and final time, like saying 'farewell' to me."
,Recommended,295790,19219367,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,TARS,"This is a game I simply can't recommend enough. Despite its technical flaws and slightly high price for a two hour game, this is a really well put together experience. Its looks beautiful, it sounds beautiful, it feels beautiful and not to sound like a massive dork but it is also quite educational. I'm really glad that a game like this not only got made, but that it was actually really good and it was successful too. This game can definitely be used as an example of how to take any culture and adapt its features and lore into a game. Hopefully this inspires the developers themselves and developers from all over the world to make even more games from little known narratives like native Amazonians, or the Tuareg in Africa or the Nubians or the many many other peoples from around the world who have never majorly been featured in the global zeitgeist.If you want to get a more detailed break down about the mechanics and stuff you can find it here:http://mouseandcontroller.blogspot.com/2015/11/never-alone-kisima-initchua.html."
76561198094321628,Recommended,295790,20483079,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,STEVEN AGEVER,This is how we should study at school
,Recommended,295790,21353105,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Kalean,Love it :)
,Not Recommended,295790,13072305,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,atVindr,"Not recommended until the bugs are fixed, also the price is a bit high as the game really depends on platforming. The story while interesting in presentation and design overshadows the game which means gameplay suffers from repetition. It's collecting dust on my HDD until bugs such as certain flags you have to hit with the projectile weapon register or sometimes the weapon not even registering hits at all."
,Recommended,295790,13011058,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,de_borjork,"Ajib ini game, unik, game play tidak terlalu rumit, gambarnya sedap dpandang, bener2 bisa jadi pelampiasan dsaat bosen maen game AAA"
,Recommended,295790,13035338,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,DaKon,This game is not a game.  It is a wonderful story.  Shows tons of history and culture.  Done wonderfully.
,Recommended,295790,13049771,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Miaw,Now I know what does the Fox say! 11/10
76561198047199503,Not Recommended,295790,13926492,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Kirbz,"It looks like it's a charming game. Interspersed with documentary clips about the inuit. But my laptop can't run it well. The game lags and the controls feel incredibly clunky. Which surprises me because it's a very simple game artistically. It looks like a high quality game but I'm disappointed that it wasn't made more efficiently.  I'm really pulled out of the experience when I miss simple jumps and die and then have to rerun the last minute of platforming.It might just be my machine, but I have to give the game a poor review."
,Not Recommended,295790,13269366,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Grimm-Bones,The game started out really beautifully. and it was a relaxing and fun experience.  To bee 100% honest i only purchased the game to play as a fox.  awhile into the game the Fox gets turned into some ugly flying spirit fairy and i am NOT HAPPY ABOUT IT.  GIMMY THE FOX BACK DAMNIT!
76561197963439263,Not Recommended,295790,13688044,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Bno,.....
,Recommended,295790,13174760,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Rckdrigo,Great art work. Simply beatiful. A nice story to be told.
,Recommended,295790,13603237,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Rhomega,"You know what I love? The tropical islands of the Pacific. Clear waters where you can see the bottom of the bay, warm temperatures year-round, palm trees, and the whole atmosphere.So here I am trekking across the frozen wilderness of Alaska.Never Alone is a puzzle platformer (think LIMBO) based on the Inupiaq story of Kunuuksaaayuka, originally about a boy (a girl here) named Nuna  who investigates the mysterious unending blizzards that are plaguing her village and threatening her community. Along the way, she'll tangle with polar bears, leprechaun-esque creatures called Little People, a dangerous being called the Manslayer, and the aurora (no, seriously). She's not alone, as she has an arctic fox friend, who can scale walls, wall jump, crawl under tight spaces, and most importantly, aid in the use of spirits for platforming. Nuna isn't completely worthless, as she gains a weapon called a Bola she can use to destroy obstacles, can climb ropes and ladders, and...yeah, the fox is certainly more interesting to play as.The scenery is great, as long as you can take tons of snow and ice. It does a great job creating the feeling of a desolate frozen wasteland. The Inupiaq art style is brought in with story segments shown in basic cutscenes (with an Inupiaq narrator with subs), as well as the animal spirits that help you on your travels. Also of note are Cultural Insights, live-action videos of Inupiaq Eskimos who tell of their culture and way of life (you'll need to find and view all of them for achievements).There are a few downsides. The game is short. I 100%'d it in about 4 hours, but LIMBO was about the same length. Also, the game can get glitchy, especially in a long climbing segment near the end of the game.Overall, it's a good platformer with an insight into a culture that few talk about and is usually brushed aside as ""Eskimos, ice fishing, and igloos"". It's certainly worth checking out."
,Recommended,295790,17314960,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Charcocoa,"At the beginning, you run.10/10 would remind myself of the meme Run Forest Run! meme again."
,Not Recommended,295790,15964798,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,ProMete,"Warning: This game is for kids, Not for the one who is above 12 years old.CategoryPoints / 10Graphics & Optimization5.9Atmosphere6.1Story4.3Replayability2.0Control6.2Gameplay3.0Puzzle World2.8Fun & Good time3.0Music4.8Price & Performance1.9TOTAL38.9 / 100----------------------This game is a huge disappointed. Especially price and performance issue. I bought TRINE2 around 2-3$ and had incredible fun. Especially 3D experience was WOW!Never Alone brings you nothing new, nothing as enjoyable as TRINE2, neither graphics nor a gameplay. In addition to them, I bought it around 7$.This game is worth if price drops to 1-2$level.I do not recommend anybody to buy this game.Cheers!"
76561198047703938,Recommended,295790,13064859,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Big Gay Bear,is prey gub yeah
,Recommended,295790,13073141,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Mucho,"Beautiful graphics, beautiful story, and insightful commentary on Iñupiaq life. Not so much of a puzzle game as it is artwork."
,Recommended,295790,13282087,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Amarante,lovely game <3
76561197987245801,Recommended,295790,13512160,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Luuthian,"An excellent little story platformer/puzzler.Gameplay is quite basic in that your interactions consist of only walking, jumping, and throwing a bola, but the game makes good use of these simple interactions by creating a variety of scenarios and puzzles to solve with them. Partner AI is plenty good since the last update and the game is a smoother experience overall with only the odd bug when it comes to climbing sections.You can feel the love that went into the enviornments and the story telling. Everything here is absolutely a class act with great art direction and unique little tale that's both uplifting and gut wrenching. It's difficult to make less into more, but Never Alone succeeds where it counts. It's a little on the short side (I finished it in only a few hours) but the experience is worth the investment."
,Recommended,295790,13531497,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,MarioDragon,"I wish there was an inbetween setting for whether or not I'd recommend this game, because it depends entirely on the type of game the player likes. That's usual, but even more so with this game. Taking the role of a Native tribe girl and also a spirit fox you must defeat polar bears, a bad man, and figure out where the blizzard is coming from.As far as depicting a Native folktale, this was excellent. I had never heard the story before, not a surprise really, and playing it in game form was extremely well done and I hope opens the way for other tales from whatever culture makes you happy. I don't know how important or prominent this story is in this particular Native tribe, so maybe it won't affect as much as I'd hope.But moving on, the graphics are good and listening to the tribe's language with English subtitles is also good. The biggest drawback for this game is, as with most indie titles, the price and the controls. For $15 full price you get 2 hours of gameplay, which is a better value than Gone Home but not quite that of a movie. Unless you like replaying puzzles you've already solved, there is next to no replayability unless you missed a few owls that let you explore some history. That alone makes it better than Gone Home. The puzzles themselves aren't that difficult, and anyone who thought this was a Limbo clone may be disappointed with how easy they are. You switch between the spirit fox and the tribe girl to do different tasks but nothing in this game had me go ""hm"" like it did in Limbo.The controls were my biggest obstacle, and they really felt like they needed mroe work. Often I'd grab onto a cliff, fall to my death, then do the exact same thing again and grab on that time. I would try to turn quickly but fail and fall, I would try to aim the bola weapon with my arm pointing directly at the wall of ice but the bola would fly in a random direction, and the spirit fox felt extremely sluggish at certain times for no reason. It's a spirit, he shouldn't be that slow, but this was toward the end of the game. The worst problem I ran into was when the fox got stuck in a wall forcing me to restart the checkpoint, which brings up another point: when in the heck are checkpoints made? There's an indicator that I can only guess means loading, because sometimes I would respawn one step back and sometimes I'd have to redo the entire room. This made leaving the game a gamble, and probably 20 minutes of my 2 hours was spent redoing a puzzle I already did.Besides feeling like it could have used a little more work for getting published, I think its purpose was pulled off well and it's a game I would recommend to anyone who likes Native folklore or even indie titles with a real story and none of this vague interpretation garbage that we get with Limbo, Braid, and Gone Home. That reason alone makes me like it more than many indie games I've played in the past couple of years."
,Recommended,295790,14801157,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,MaleSensitivity,"I'm about 10 minutes into this game and I can already say that I love it!!  I love the way this game immerses the player in the environment by mixing up gameplay with actual film footage (which is optional).   This is a treat for anyone who enjoys learning about different cultures!I personally didn't have any issues with the control scheme - it is very similar to a game like Brothers where you have to switch back and forth between characters to solve certain puzzles and advanced through the level.This game has an clear purpose and existence for being and right now, I appreciate that!"
,Recommended,295790,17352515,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Wicked Mouse,"Cute little puzzle platformerNever Alone is a fairly short (a few hours the most) and small puzzle platformer game that combines an old Alaskan Inuit folktale, puzzle platformer and short documentary in one. By progressing in the game and puzzles one can unlock short (app. 2 min) pieces of documentary, called ""Cultural Insight"", that explain a little about Inuit life, the people, and the story you are in, following a small girl that decides to investigate the cause of the blizzard that's afflicting her village. On her journey she meets a snow fox she befriends.Most of the puzzles are fairly straight forward and not too difficult, with an occassional exception maybe. I've played it entirely single player mode on keyboard and mouse, which can be a little tricky sometimes, having to switch between Nuna and the fox, but the controls work fine. There's no combat involved in this game.You'll be prompted about the Cultural Insights every time you unlock them or when you are on a loading screen, which may be intrusive to gameplay to someone who wants to focus on the game, but I didn't find it all too annoying and interesting to watch. You can watch them at any time (again).The value of the game in regard to the price may depend on how much value you take out of the story, the documentary and gameplay really."
,Not Recommended,295790,17950199,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Auggie,Meh.
,Not Recommended,295790,23800169,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Sister Caterina de Erazu,everything is great i guess. but..it bored meso if youre into this kind of game. go ahead!
,Not Recommended,295790,17586363,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,GEPRNKAED,"Its a great platformer however it is advertised as atmospheric and the only atmospheric thing about it is the wind blowing... Its not really story driven. Just some girl with a magical fox, basically."
,Recommended,295790,21170028,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,AlwaysLivid,"Never Alone is my first game with a storyline based on a story of Alaska Native storytellers, a great experience of course.Pros-> ""We paired world class game makers with Alaska Native storytellers and elders to create a game which delves deeply into the traditional lore of the Iñupiat people to present an experience like no other."" 20 Alaska Native storytellers. 20 people who told their story just to create this amazing game.-> Local co-op with second controllers.-> Immersive.-> Amazing Storyline.-> Underrated ;(-> Great graphics, despite it being made in the Unity Engine.-> Nice puzzles.-> Touching.Cons-> Some parts of the game are hard(at least for me).-> They switched the male protagonist (from the original story) to a female, probably for marketing reasons since there aren't that games out there with a female protagonist.Would recommend to-> Your parents-> Friends/Family to play with-> People who like nice stories-> People who like puzzle games-> People who like to try out new stuff.ConclusionEven if this isn't one of my favourite games, this is a masterpiece for sure."
,Recommended,295790,33196386,Posted: 3 July,all,Ninpuukamui,Great game to play with a non gamer. I beat it with my wife in 3 hours.
,Recommended,295790,33217948,Posted: 3 July,all,Cemonk,"nice game, worth it to buy DLC"
,Recommended,295790,18924486,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,HazardousRusty,"i go cry? :""( poor kiddo!10/10 for making me cry!"
,Recommended,295790,13076815,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Rezilia,"This game is too short. Yes, it's pretty, but only if you have an insanely powerful PC. The special effects do nothing but get in the way.The controls are wonky. In fact, the only real ""difficulty"" in this game is fighting the controls. I went through the entire game just to see whether or not I'd end up smashing my keyboard. I didn't, of course, but I would have if the game was more than 2 hours long.The tribe's information is not a highlight; most of these people reviewing are just ignorant. I grew up reading about everything that tribe talks about but from literally every part of the world. It isn't unique and special information - it's incredibly common knowledge. If these reviewers actually picked up a book instead of Facebooking all day, they'd know this stuff.Atleast this game wasn't broken, beyond its controls. Its story is contrived but not a complete bore. I'd say it's worth $5, not $15. But if I had to go back in time, I wouldn't even take a second glance at this piece of crap."
,Recommended,295790,13050678,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,WatcherX,"What a wonderful game! Granted, for someone like me, who hasn't played a platformer game since the mid nineties, the difficulty level can be quite challenging; but the reward you get is well worth the effort!In this game you take part in and learn about the folklore and way of life of the Iñupiat, a fascinating people, with equally fascinating legends and stories. You play an interpretation of the Iñupiat legend of Kunuuksaayuka.The game can be played either in singleplayer mode, where you control both characters (but can easily switch back and forth between them), or in coop mode where one player controls their character via keyboard while the second player uses a game controller.The audio-visual effects of ""Never Alone"" are stunningly beautiful, and the controls are easy-to-learn and intuitive.I hope there will be a second part soon, telling another legend of the Iñupiat. :-)"
,Recommended,295790,13049104,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,reelvideo7,"'Two Brothers' is a bit more satisfying, if less cheerful."
76561198005772688,Recommended,295790,13048399,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Beast of the East DC United,An incredible platforming game that beats with the heart of an entire culture. This is an unprecedented event in gaming. A must buy.
76561198131631250,Recommended,295790,14967774,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Kirby,"The game is absloutely beautiful and the story is quite enjoyable. It's definatly an engaging game. On that level, I give it an 8/10.However, the gameplay needs serious work. The hitboxes feel either too small or too big and the character's lag can get quite fusterating. The game does quick save a lot, making frequent deaths due to gameplay a little less fusterating but it doesn't absolve the issue. For that reason, I would give the gameplay 5/10.I wouldn't advise playing alone either, switching between characters will get extremely fusterating later in the game.I think that this game does is fantastic and I think it's a good idea to encapture and spread cultural knowlege though video games. It truely pains me to give the gameplay such a low score and I really hope that they can improve it in the future. If they do, I would happily play any more games they dish-out."
,Recommended,295790,14291052,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,SmrzDeth,"This has been one of the most intriguing games I have played lately. An easy game to play, just enough puzzle to keep you going though."
76561198014129364,Recommended,295790,13812143,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,ahmad_mabrook1,cant open the game when i try it show error message and i bought this game before 3 weeks ago so im not play the until now -_- if anyone could help me please i want to play the i have surface pro 3 i7
,Recommended,295790,14832709,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Shack,Play a fun game and learn about a people's culture. Give them your support.
,Recommended,295790,17462572,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Avolition,Over all a very unique and pleasing game.  The story and graphics are fablulous.  The controls are a bit sticky and there are some animation glitches.
76561198105886417,Recommended,295790,15740263,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,lsw8912,Good!
,Recommended,295790,16343107,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,darthjuggernaut,"This game has such a beautiful story and the animation style is breathtaking. It was better with controller, so if you have one, I highly recommend using it."
,Recommended,295790,16421520,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,ringmasterxred,"Just finished this game!  It was amazing!!!  The controls were a bit wonky, but the story was excellent.  Well worth the price!!"
,Recommended,295790,17229217,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,PlayerCalcium,"This game is so amazing in many ways! The graphics are amazing, the story line is interesting and fun, it really gets you interested in this culture! The only problem I have with the game (whether it be from my own computer or just present in the game in general) is the controls. Yes, the controls are easy to remember but they are very slow and it's rather hard to control the characters for events that require good timing. For me, I just kind of get frustrated about the game after a while so I suggest this to anyone who has enough patience to do this at all. All in all, love the game, controls could be improved."
76561198029142433,Not Recommended,295790,17276539,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Boz Bozman,"1/10th of a documentary, and 1/10th of a game does not equal happy purchase"
,Recommended,295790,16896924,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Znetc,"Gtreat visual, intersting storytelling and unique setting. Might be a bit boring with repeatative gameplay, but still very good."
76561198161859768,Recommended,295790,30991805,Posted: 6 April,all,Luminescence,"Good game really, the story is cool too, the gameplay is nice. Love the music and art too. You guys should try it~ Sometimes we need this kind of game, right?"
,Recommended,295790,21107334,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,MiSOKA⁴,"This is a game that is difficult to review. While part story, part platformer, and part documentary/education it’s hard to label this game, which ultimately leads to its appeal.While the art is wonderful, the platform elements are what keep this game from being perfect. Bugged by poor controls and wonky bugs, the game suffers at times and becomes dangerously (like pre rage quit) frustrating. Some of the puzzles and/or figuring where to go next can increase this frustration. On one episode in particular, I had to restart the game to actually get the NPC to do what it was supposed to.On a mechanics level, quite a few people have complained about the bola mechanics but in my opinion its no different than firing like in a bubble shooting game or even Angry Birds. Those that have difficulty with keyboard controls will ultimately have to resort to using a controller, which is a blessing.The game really shines in the story telling department as well as the interesting information and history.Pros –Drop dead gorgeousImmersive atmosphereBeautifully rendered, you feel like you are in a Pixar filmExcellent use of Documentary informationAdorable main charactersNice blend of story and platform.Cons-Buggy game mechanicsBuggy scriptingSome difficult maneuversPeople not used to using keyboard controls may have difficultyFrustrating difficulty spikes (easy, then suddenly hard)Annoying recurring themes (like the wind gusts)Limited replayabilityOverall, 8/10. Would not pay full price but when purchased on sale it’s a must own. A worthy addition to anyone’s library and a unique game that belongs in its own genre niche.If you have difficulty using arrow keys or WASD to control a character on a 2d Left to Right type game and do not have a control, I do not recommend this game to you."
76561198041104096,Not Recommended,295790,30963739,Posted: 5 April,all,Getsome,"This is supposed to be a game, right? As a game it was a clunky, stuttery mess.Admittedly, it was pretty. If that's enough for you, great, you'll love it.Apparently people liked the cutscenes, so maybe buy it for that.I wouldn't spend more than $2 though. Even that is a stretch. 2/10"
76561198044891349,Not Recommended,295790,28254380,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,irf1983,"Horrible game.  I wish I could return it.  Terrible controls, clunky gameplay, and a glacial pace.  Don't waste your money."
,Not Recommended,295790,34527840,Posted: 27 August,all,janimuze,"No way to control this game. tried to use controller support, then keyborard and mouse. Nothing worked. just got stuck trying to figure out how to actually start the game...."
,Recommended,295790,13611543,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Lycion Streyder,"While this wasn't a very long game, it was really good, you basically play through an old inuit campfire tale."
,Not Recommended,295790,12999335,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Jobabob,"I wish there was a 'maybe' button for recommendations. The story is excellent, the idea is excellent and for large parts I was charmed and entertained. I love this kind of game and tried my best to enjoy it. Unfortunately, while a limbo-like platformer and puzzler, the gameplay does not match up to the quality of its narrative. I've not seen jumping this floaty and frustrating since Little Big Planet and the difficulty spike towards the end really drew me away, Unless they plan to patch this game its hard to recommend beyond its premise and the excellent unlockable cultural insight videos. I guess 3/5 ish."
,Recommended,295790,13000129,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Esmerelda,So many feels :meatytears:
76561198001883238,Not Recommended,295790,25036223,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Naugrim,crap
,Recommended,295790,20242070,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,≈♦Ŕλśú♦≈,hd4870 with 60 fps
76561198167831320,Not Recommended,295790,13359016,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,isaiah.mckenzie.IM,i am wondering why it takes me to video settings as i open the game and it does not let me control anything. nothing works!!!
76561198109521915,Not Recommended,295790,32550915,Posted: 18 June,all,kdernst56,"This is a decent game with a realy cool graphics style. The story line makes absolutly no sense and the make is quite short, which I actually perfer."
76561198001861219,Not Recommended,295790,34394395,Posted: 21 August,all,SupremeSkill,"This is somewhat enjoyable game with a good friend, but other than that this is just complete waste of time. This is an below average platformer with appealing graphics, but without deep mechanics. Both the girl and the fox have only one special ability beside walking and jumping. The girl has a grapple that she can throw and the fox can climb walls.This game is also really short and it tries to inform and warn you about global warming, which is not an intuitively fun concept for a game if you ask me.Only bother with this game if you are really interested about Eskimo culture or maybe play it with a child."
76561198139215256,Recommended,295790,19590348,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,justagamer4u,good game  but to short..... stop selling    games that u can play for only >< 2-5 hours  is not worth  the money and the 3-5 hours
,Recommended,295790,14806490,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Captain Meow Sparrow,Playing the game unlocks bits of history and stories about Alaskan Natives. One story discusses global warming. This is a liberal media propoganda tool.10/10Would global warm again.
,Not Recommended,295790,13061402,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Aoshi,"Wait until the developers fix the bugs at this price. Here are a few I've had:>Played up until the blizzard colossus and had to quit to sleep. Came back a day later to find the game deleted my save files. For such a short game this should not be an issue lol.>In the whale level walk/swim were frequently swapped. I'd be swimming in the air where there was no water. And fall through where there was water, randomly. I died a lot. It may have been the magic of the whale though.>Sometimes you'll have to die or restart to reset the camera to where you can see below. Not even a friend can help you move it around in some cases.>In the village before the terrible guy comes I frequently fell through the environment on the wooden planks."
,Recommended,295790,13486368,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Wonne,amazing game. Worth it's full pricepro:amazing storyincludes documentary film clips about inuit culturecute graphicscon:all in all it's about 3-4hrs --> for me that's not important
,Recommended,295790,14263027,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,TPDGDan (Shady Dan),Need to have a decent pc to run the game without it looking like a peice of complete♥♥♥♥♥♥but the gameplay is amazing and Co-op mode is just as good I highly reccomend it also check out my youtube channel -www.youtube.com/theprodynamicgaming
,Recommended,295790,21514434,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,kkkirito是萌新,"Nice game, but it will be better if two gamers play together."
,Not Recommended,295790,31780058,Posted: 15 May,all,Spleen,"It would've been an amazing game if not for that damn annoying narrator, dude just wouldn't shut the hell up."
76561198053552710,Recommended,295790,21497702,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,✖ButterflyEffect✖,nice little game for the meantime.
76561198193603921,Not Recommended,295790,34196730,Posted: 12 August,all,⍟Agent⌚Coulson⎊,"This game is absolutely stunning. It's gorgeous. It's a work of art!However, it was very, very pretentious. And not in the forgivable, ""let's just get to the action"" sort of way. It is very irksome how many pop-ups about inuit culture or voice overs about spirits and journeys you have to listen to.On top of all that, the game itself is not very novel. The main mechanic is you control the fox. And once he gets to a platform, you can get to the next platform, and vice versa, and so on.All in all, it's very boring, and is completely up it's own♥♥♥♥♥the entire time.On an unrelated note; It doesn't matter that the voice over is in another language, you can still tell the guy doing it has less than half of his teeth left. Maybe I'm being insensitive, but it's a disgusting noise I don't want to pay money to hear. I'm asking for a refund."
76561198049782663,Not Recommended,295790,25733816,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Corgigal,Brocken game mechanic and awkward controls. its a shame looked like a cute game :(
76561198278057163,Recommended,295790,33071186,Posted: 30 June,all,Nariation,果然如散人推荐很适合带女朋友玩哈哈哈哈哈玩游戏的同时也在不断了解因..因扭皮特？？还是因皮纽特？？？人的历史，感觉真是一个带有传奇色彩的民族呢=￣ω￣=而且大夏天的看着小狐狸和小女孩儿在冰天雪地里冒险可以说是非常清凉了~游戏场景啊音乐啊什么的都很棒，里面的小精灵和反派和猫头鹰老爷爷啊什么的也可以说是非常生动了，【只有我觉得小狐狸还是动物形态的时候更可爱一点吗】总之，在这炎炎夏日，带上你的好基友/女朋友/男朋友/宠物（？？？）一起来玩never alone吧！P.S：本游戏的又一亮点是满足了不会游泳的女朋友的游泳欲2333333
76561198013274120,Not Recommended,295790,13049026,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,redherring,"this is a bit hard to be negative since  I really enjoyed the background story and the cultural aspect of it but I found the gaming portion of  the game too dependant upon how well  you can platform. The game is nothing more than a platformer . The puzzles are farily easy to figure out but they require too much in the way of ""act fast or repeat"".   I was drawn to this game by it's story,great graphics and positive reviews. I am left feeling frustrated with the overall mechanics. Too bad for me I guess since it was not the game experience I had hoped for. If you are a platforming fanatic and care less about paying attention to a story then you might enjoy this game. It became clear to me that the story was less important than how quickly you can move across the tundra."
,Not Recommended,295790,12997078,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,凤凰,This review is targeted at people who wish to play Co-Op.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME YET.1) There is no other way to play Co-Op without a Xbox controller. THIS IS NOT MENTIONED ANYWHERE ON THE STORE PAGE.2) None of the keys are rebindable.I will change this review once the 2 issues are settled.
76561198001156090,Not Recommended,295790,13012028,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,tanner021,I got bored of this pretty quick but I am sure the story is worth beating.
,Recommended,295790,30387654,Posted: 8 March,all,cyanosilver,"The controls are a little clunky and the game occasionally glitches out such that the only way to finish an area is to restart it from scratch. The Bola controls are poorly explained (the mouse controls her other arm which points in the direction she's aiming). If you play it alone, be prepared to frantically switch between characters to prevent the useless AI from getting you killed. All that said, I still recommend this game for the story, the beautiful artwork, and the atmosphere. The puzzles and platforming are both fairly easy but not TOO easy."
,Recommended,295790,19188774,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,My gun goes Pew Pew,"Finally, a game with rich visuals, gameplay, story, and especially culture. My partner and I learned much about Inupiaq culture and had fun participating in the progression of the story. The attention to detail in character responses (such as waving arms if caught off balence) had both of us voicing out responses. Bravo to the developer! Please continue making more levels from the Inupaiq stories. 10 out of 10."
76561198082207627,Recommended,295790,19106719,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Mochriademia,This game is absolutely beautiful. It's a lovely story so far with breathtaking art and interesting things to learn about the people of northern Alaska. I have been enthralled thus far!
,Recommended,295790,19105093,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,cabreva,"I have played many games with my daughter - now nine year old.And our experience with Never Alone has been, so far, magic, more than any other game we played together. It's very touching. Makes me remember that games can be more than fun and challenge.The only negative point is that it took sometime to configure keyboard and controller simultaneosly.Everything else is really good."
,Not Recommended,295790,19105473,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,ki_garland,"As many have already said in the reviews, there is no doubting this game's beauty, education and respect of the people it's portraying. However I've already rage quit twice because the gameplay is depressing! I cannot count the number of times I've died because of the character I'm not controlling having an utter brainfart and messing me about, or the number of times I've respawned in the glitchiest part, having to groundhog day my way through it until Lo and behold, some fish spirits turn up that were meant to be there the first eighteen times!Again, this game is beautiful, but according to some I'm not even a third of the way through and already considering uninstalling it! Let me enjoy you game!!!! So far I'll have to not recommend purely because of the setbacks of gameplay- I'm hoping the story eventually outweighs them!"
,Not Recommended,295790,19117636,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,SUMMON THE RATS!,"Never Alone is a wonderful documentary, but it's not a very good game.Never Alone does a great job of sharing the culture of the Iñupiat. The entire story is told like, well, a story. A narrator explains how this little girl and her fox friend traverse across the frozen wastes, encountering mythological creatures and dangerous beasts along the way. You unlock video interviews of Iñupiat talking about their culture as you play. All of that is adorable.But the gameplay's *rough*. The puzzles are easy, but the controls are so sludgey that you'll die all the time anyway. The characters are SLOOOOOW, and maneuvering them around to solve an incredibly obvious puzzle is maddening."
,Recommended,295790,19259404,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,VaguelyAnachronistic,Beautiful game with excellent story and challenging gameplay.  More games should be this good.
76561198141787038,Not Recommended,295790,19159259,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,ibrahim.bechir,Full of bugs. Plain. Not fun.
,Recommended,295790,19243414,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,P.G.T.,<3
,Recommended,295790,19064744,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,mrs.kek,"Beautiful game. The characters are adorable and the lore and cultural aspect of the game is awesome. For a game that's rated E10, I was expecting it to be almost too easy. I played for two hours straight before rage quitting because it's very challenging at some moments. Going to give it a few minutes break and go at it again."
76561198002559682,Recommended,295790,19048309,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Bizon87,"This is a very charming game, one that combines classic but enjoyable and smooth gameplay with a beautiful story and beautiful graphics. If you're even remotely interested in other cultures and their mythology then you can pick this game up. To add to the atmosphere, several videos will tell you more about the cultural background of this game and, who knows, might bring you to want to learn more about the native people of Alaska.PROS:- beautiful- a dream-like atmosphere- smooth gameplayCONS:- I don't really see one. Unless you hate platformers or you're phobic to the cold."
76561198170313967,Recommended,295790,18802330,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,skittledog,"If you can live with occasional bugginess, this is a pretty and pleasantly otherworldy game which manages to impart its culture to you without forcing it upon you. Given that puzzles are quite often non-intuitive on the first try (some visual cues are obvious, others less so), it's a good thing the auto-save keeps up with you - this is also helpful when the bugs that other people have mentioned occasionally make you die for no reason. Switching between Nuna and Fox is mostly an excellent thing simply because of how they play differently, although there are a few time-critical things where the fiddle of changing between them plus the slight unresponsiveness of Fox makes for frustration.Generally, though, I'm very glad I've played this: it's a nice world to sink into. I should also say that while I was playing I didn't want to watch any of the 'cultural insights,' feeling that if I'd wanted a documentary I'd have watched one, but having now looked at them after playing the game they're actually well tied in so you feel you're learning something more about the world you were exploring."
,Recommended,295790,18916554,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,404pants,"An amazing game that immerses the player in a story native to Alaska. Beautiful storytelling that includes insight into a culture most people know nothing about. I love, love, love this game."
76561198005648826,Recommended,295790,19081584,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Edan,Great game with good & fresh storytelling. Well worth my money.
,Recommended,295790,19081863,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Super Nerdy Paladin of Bees,"Everything about this story is beautiful, from the art to the music to the story it tells. The controls are easy to learn and work effortlessly, and while it starts easy it gets harder at a perfect ramp of difficulty. For many boss battles and puzzles you really have to think: and it pays off!Plus, there's a ton of native history intervowen, including videos that relate the events of the story to real history.This is definately a game to play with older kids (as some of the bosses are scary and the game is too hard for younger kids) and adults alike. The best situation might be a parent and teenager playing co-op (the gay has beautiful local co-op BUT WHEN YOU'RE PLAYING SINGLE PLAYER THE Co-op COMPUTER ACTUALLY MOVES LOGICALLY AND DOESN'T SCREW UP YOUR PROGRESS!!! this is so rare and amazing)I cannot recommend this game highly enough!"
76561197967345897,Not Recommended,295790,19075687,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,hopespaul,"While this game is aesthetically pleasing, it is unplayable as a single player. The mode constantly switches to co-op midway through the game and the same controller becomes coupled to control both the girl and the fox. It's mostly frustrating because the only menu options at that moment become to look at the controls or return to game, so the game has to be shut down using force quit. Very disappointing. Looks like actual co-op mode is great, but again, if the game is advertised as single player as well, then I cannot recommend it."
76561198055462705,Recommended,295790,13011337,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Nerdy Norseman,Storytime beside the bonfire meets the digital age.
76561198000293636,Recommended,295790,19187657,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Maddmark,"A beautifully crafted platformer - its obvious a lot of joy and love went into its creation.  The art is beautiful, the story telling deep without being wordy, and the gameplay challenging.  I really enjoyed the optional video/documentary breaks through out the game as well.My only complaint is that toward the end, a few of the puzzles felt especially frustrating because I couldn't understand what  I was supposed to do and there were time limits.  That's a note in favor since the intsensity was very real when facing the storm.Well done Upper One Games!"
76561197971021139,Recommended,295790,17313844,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Grubert,"Never Alone feels like a mix between Limbo, for the side-scrolling-and-puzzle mechanism, and From Dust for the ethnographic based storyline. It's technically polished : it is probably the best looking game I've seen that was made with Unity. The playability is pretty good."
,Recommended,295790,17314068,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,xis10al,Playing a game an learning about the culture of the Inuit people. Great solo or as a co-op puzzler. The hard part is deciding who gets to control the playful little white fox.
76561197994892002,Recommended,295790,17319779,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Wendizmo,Very pretty platformer with a fantastic documentary aspect
76561198096626549,Recommended,295790,17273457,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,ShodBless,im so glad to have this game it looks amazing and worth the buy and its 5.10 for 42 hours! get this game everyone!
,Recommended,295790,17273804,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Air Breather,Amazing story telling
76561198065431216,Recommended,295790,17273858,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,whitleb2,Game is 2-player co-op or 1 solo.  Cats attacked screen chaseing fox.  All four of us are amused 10/10
76561198106562908,Recommended,295790,17274070,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Srg NightFire,awsome i love love the art style and learning about the game
,Recommended,295790,17102308,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Varitas,A gorgeous adventure game that takes you on a fantastical journey of friendship and survival.https://youtu.be/X408AgzgVgo
,Recommended,295790,17275918,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Howler DropTank,"outstanding, awesome and a must have."
76561198153613097,Not Recommended,295790,17277224,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Scotdog,why wont this work  and why do i have to  play both guys at the same time dont work.
,Recommended,295790,17278797,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Chief_OZZY_Red_Sausage,"i own this game and its interesting because at first i didnt want to do the video learning sessions and just wanted to get to the action. playing the game is incredibly easy and fun yet challenging. in fact, the game is one of the most challenging games i have ever played. fully engaging, and the monsters actually made my heart race and got me nervous enough to fail some levels. the stores told in the inupiat language were amazing and before i knew i had a learned a few things. at one point i had difficulty passing a level and decided to just check out the videos to pass the time. absolutely amazing work. i was stunned. the videos and the insights they provided, actually helped me pass the level, lol, i still think that is incredible. kudos to a visually beautiful and easy to play game. really does teach you something. im a big fan and look forward to playing in your worlds more in the future. keep em coming."
76561198018866782,Recommended,295790,15942691,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Anti Fear,BUY THIS GAME
76561197961556721,Recommended,295790,17284332,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Nightstalker,Excellent game. A bit short (3h). wonderful story.
,Recommended,295790,17286088,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Astartes,"Man, what were those Inupiat people smoking!? It's a original story where:[SPOILERS be warned]- I went to a quest with a arctic fox- Met a guy with owl head- Guy burned my homevillage 'cause he wanted my bola-weapon- Got chased by a polar bear and ♥♥♥♥ing northern lights- Rode a living tree- Stole pickaxe from ice giant and somehow manage to carry it to my village3/5"
76561198038328943,Not Recommended,295790,17286916,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Fuchs,"interessting beautiful game design but, very very bad controls like all the negative posters said, the AI of the partner is extremly dumb, jumps into his/her death...its laggy, feels really uneasy to play. i am really angry, today it should be possible to programm an ordanary platformer well.."
76561198047982927,Recommended,295790,17288357,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,scottyo,Good game. It's a nice interactive movie as the puzzles aren't anything challenging. It's a pleasant fairy tale that I think would actually be a good game for younger kids. Can't say I would highly recommend it as just watching a Let's Play would suffice for experiencing the world and story as long as it's one without the person talking. Buy when it's on sale.
,Recommended,295790,16591760,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,sånic,"Never Alone (Kisima Inŋitchuŋa) is a short and sweet story that you probably haven't heard before. As far as puzzle platformers go, it's not particularly difficult, but what it lacks in complexity, it makes up for in beautiful graphics, atmosphere, and an endearing story.There are some downsides, where some of the gameplay elements were made difficult by glitches. Often, Nuna would fail to grab onto a spirit or ledge for no particular reason. Sometimes the Fox would move to try and AI its way to where you were going, and the spirit would disappear. It could also be difficult to figure out where to go next, since doing so was dependent the Fox being close enough to a spirit to make it show up, so you would have to know where to go in order to know where to go. There is not a lot of replay value, and even if you're a completionist, it should be easy to get all the achievements on the first playthrough.Despite all that, I'd still recommend giving it a play-through. It's a unique game and a good example of what a cultural piece should be. I guarantee that if nothing else, you'll learn something new."
,Not Recommended,295790,16592839,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,D.E.M.,Story (6/10) good history i guessArt (5/10) too much whitemusic (2/10) ewwGameplay (1/10) glitches glitches everywhere
,Recommended,295790,16740369,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Adam,"In interesting educational game about Inuit culture.  The game is driven by a traditional tribal story, and alternates between videos explaining the culture of the people and the gameplay as the storyline reveals concepts that are due some explanation.  The art style and atmosphere of the game is pretty well done.  I particularly enjoyed the relationship between the silver fox and the game's main character.  This duo added some complexity to what otherwise would have been a lackluster platformer with pretty scenery.  The gameplay itself still is not that interesting compared to other short/minimal games that have been released, but I really enjoyed learning about the Inuit culture and how the story revealed it in a natural way."
,Recommended,295790,16667279,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,the von Essence,"This game was absolutely lovely. The unlockable/collectibles are easily-found short doctumentary-like videos on the culture of the Alaskin Native Iñupiat people, which you can watch or ignore at your leisure; if you don't want it to be a learning experience, it one hundred percent doesn't have to be, although the game does encourage you to view the videos when you collect them as well as during loading screens. The puzzles were pretty much perfect - simple and easy, but also challenging, and oftentimes just tricky enough to be solved quickly but still giving you a good sense of accomplishment and satisfaction. The story, atmosphere, and graphics are all beautiful and compelling. The gameplay is extremely easy to pick up and fairly intuitive, although switching between Nuna and Fox can be annoying during moments when speed is key. I played this game by myself, but if you're looking for a nice, relaxing way to spend some quality time with someone else - be it a friend, significant other, or family member - and you don't want it to be the kind of screaming match games like Mario Kart and Super Smash Bros spawn, this game is definitely what you're looking for. That being said, be sure to still prepare yourself for a good number of frustrating moments and a lot of plunges to the death - with two characters, it's twice as easy to accidentally murder yourself or your partner."
,Recommended,295790,19533842,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Eisenreich,"A great and beautiful game in a novel and charming and educational setting let down by what plagues other platformers like Brother these days: it being too co-op oriented. Even though Brother isn't really a co-op game it still felt it as if it was designed to function that way a lot of the time, and as much as I can see the potential in allowing that in platformers in this so much of the gameplay and puzzles is made needlessly awkward and frustrating by needing to switch between both characters, and one not moving when you need it to move, jumping all over the place when you need it to stay put and so on...Hopefully the game industry will move away from the obsession with co-op soon when it should have done years ago when online gaming became so widespread.That said I hope I can get further into this game as the graphics are gorgeous and I really appreciate it as an indie game that went to great lengths to involve the indigenous community and incorporate their laws and anecdotes into the game and nicely integrated commentary clips. The harsh winter environment is refreshing as well, I like how they worked this into the gameplay. Overall a really original and special platformer, it's just a shame it's not just a single-player one"
,Recommended,295790,19706450,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Grimwolf,"fun game with, amazing cultural insights. truley awesoem to see a game build with Indigenous stories and culture at its heart."
,Recommended,295790,20105201,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,hundreds dead,this is a full 100% blind playthrough without any knowledge of this story/gamei thought the way it had conveyed the entire story from the ancient writings was beautifal  (i never actualy read the original) the art was amazing my only problem was the fox hat on the SPOILERS gets reborn well we know what he previously was so why do we need that? BUUUUTTT besides that it was a amazing story and i clocked around bout 3 hours =)
,Recommended,295790,20094114,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,MovingTarget,A very pretty game that plays similar to Limbo except you have a companion with you.Sometimes the companion AI gets in the way of a good experience and the difficulty is all over the place.Still I enjoyed it and learned a thing or two about the Inuit along the way.
,Recommended,295790,20126358,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Niels,"This game is just amazing, I have no other words for it."
76561198026218332,Not Recommended,295790,20131540,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,tonyfilpo,"This game is beautiful it has a lot af potencial.But i am gonna delete it before the end,because i hate frustration,and this game has a lot of it.If you hate annoying and frustrating games like this,where you die 10 or 20 times in 5 minutes because the glitches than do not buy this."
,Recommended,295790,20099642,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Died2Play,"This game makes me want to cry at times, It is very well coded and fit to be on steam"
76561198114426156,Recommended,295790,20113133,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Doug (ClassyCarrot),Tips before you play... Play controller and with a friend :) game 10/10 with bugs makes it a 9/10
,Not Recommended,295790,20117179,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,etnedal,"I am a big fan of indigenous American culture, Native Americans. North American geography and foxes. So after a trailer I fell in love with this game and bought it (even twice, after I wasn't able to use my first account anymore).Fox is amazing and adorable, cultural insights are fun, educational and made with love, but as a game...Never Alone is rather weak.This is a platformer with random controls, a number of everlasting glitches, and getting boring and repetitve closer to the end.All in all, a weak game, that can be recommended only to the adepts of legends/mythology/history of Native Americans, but not to gamers."
,Not Recommended,295790,20215646,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,justus,"Never Alone is platformer that is lovingly crafted to tell a story from the indigenous peoples of North Alaska. It is an interesting use of video games. The art design is beautiful and the sound (especially the gusts of frozen air) evocative but I found the gameplay itself lacking. And that's coming from someone who likes Telltale Games and prefers narrative over gameplay. The platforming is below average (especially when you compare it to exemplars like Braid or Super Meat Boy) leading to frustrating deaths due to floating controls.It is a short game -- you'll finish it in about 3 hours -- but after 2 hours it had overstayed it's welcome and I just wishing it would end already. There is a two-person mechanic (a bit like Brothers but not as well done) that starts to feel a bit formulaic at the end. Jump to platform, switch to Fox Spirit and manipulate (raise, lower, etc) platform, switch back to Nana, jump to next platform, switch back to Fox Spirit and manipulate platform.When I look at this as ""interactive fiction"", the sub-par gameplay is excusable. After all, I like Telltale Games. But the narrative just wasn't strong enough. It has all the plot holes and relatively weak characterisation that fairy tales usually do. (Why does the Mankiller want the Bola, how did the family magically rebuild the village after the Mankiller is killed, why is stealing the adze from the giant better than just asking him to stop, etc)."
76561197970648862,Recommended,295790,20228276,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,ManBearPig,"I like the gameplay of switching between the fox and the girl to get past obstacles.  Great level design, good story."
,Recommended,295790,20226388,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,airrunkle,"Great co-op game, easy to pick up, fun but challenging at times. Only complaint would be how short it is."
76561198096083257,Recommended,295790,20226140,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,poppies,jangan main game ini sendiri! menyusahkan sangat! AI nya mabuk wkwkwkwkw XD tapi okelah
76561198077818868,Recommended,295790,20187395,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,susanna.pettigrew,Beautiful game. Nothing too complex but is fun to play.
76561198154545414,Recommended,295790,20208346,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,falll,"Great game, <3 the story plot and the plot twistt .Only wished it was a longer game :""|"
,Recommended,295790,20233010,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Niko,"Never Alone (Kisima Ingitchuna) is a esthetically beautiful game with an interesting story. The game is almost like a documentary film that will teach you about native Alaskan culture and folklore. There are several film clips, 'cultural insights', that can be collected in the game that explains the Alaskan culture more in-depth, and if you, like me, loves to learn about different cultures, you will most likely find this feature of the game the most interesting.The game itself is also good. Beautiful, as I mentioned already, and the story, based on old Alaskan folklore, is intriguing. However, the game has its flaws. For one, the controls are at times frustratingly awful. As you control two different characters that cooperates in order to progress, I often unintentionally died by falling of a platform when one character automatically runs to the other. This is not happening all the time, but only in certain parts of the game.I really do recommend this game to anyone who is interested in learning something new about a culture. I would not recommend this game to anyone who only wants to play a platformer. In that case, this game will dissapoint you."
,Recommended,295790,20217352,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,69th_Zeb,Great way to illustrate their home culture as told from their perspective. Sometimes gameplay was glitchy but bearable. Got a bit repetitive towards the end and thought it could have been shortened a little.Otherwise I really enjoyed it.
,Recommended,295790,20216727,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,step104,"Wonderful piece of art! Nice gameplay with single player coop (you play both the little girl and the fox simultaneously) - reminds me a little of ""Tale of Two Brothers"". The puzzles are not too hard, the arctic ambience is really beautiful.There's also a lot to learn about the Inuit and their culture. You'll be done in a couple of hours, but I enjoyed every second!"
76561198042238489,Not Recommended,295790,20169985,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,FrumpBiscuit,"I wanted to love this game SO Much. I can't express how much I wanted to play and love this game. But this game is just so disappointing. If I'm not dying because of some weird/random go through the bottom of the map glitch, then my NPC partner is dying and I can't go on. When you play the fox, half the time his running up the side of the obstacle doesn't work. He's animated at least a foot away from the wall he's on so he can never get to the top ledge.I tried to play the DLC as well, and once again, there's random places where you just fall off the boat/map and die. OR worse, your NPC partner falls into the void and you can't continue.This game, this concept, the voice narrators, the story, the people, it's all amazing...but the actual gameplay is impossible. I would have been so happy if all I had to do was listen to all the pretty music and stories, saw all the artwork and videos, and just ran through the map with my animal friends. I'm just so sad that this isn't working out...Literally everything about this game is 10 out of 10...except the actual game play mechanics."
76561198004097134,Recommended,295790,20166511,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Silencio,"If you appreciate stories, legends and the mysteries of the great white north you will surely love this one. It is visually  stunning, very soothing, beautiful and serene at some point. It does have some action scenes that are quite fast paced so the atmosphere can change in a heart beat.When it does, especially with the last chapters where you have to act fast and coordinate a few things at the same time, it can get frustrating, I died a lot because of the control mechanics, I played using the keyboard and it was not the best. I bet the gameplay is much better with a controller. That would be one of the negative aspect of this game as far as I'm concerned.I did not experience any bug whatsoever, game runs fine on my vista machine which is ""obsolete"" by today's standard. I would recommend it especially right now since it is on sale."
,Recommended,295790,16910249,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Velvet Lobster,"The game some problems with the controls (I do not recommend anyone trying to play this on the keyboard lol), however the way the story is told and the art work that has been done into it make it a really unique experience. One important thing in games for me is the way the story makes you care about the characters and their quest, in that matter this game really nails it."
76561198044328617,Recommended,295790,17132442,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,EveWhite,"I very reluctantly recommend this game.I think it's an absolutely beautiful representation of a story from a culture most people are not familiar with. In that regard, I'd say it's a pretty valuable experience. If all worked well, it would be a wonderful game.Unfortunately, this game's mechanics are extremely buggy. I was not able to throw the bola using a controller and absolutely had to switch to mouse and keyboard. Hit boxes felt inconsistent, some surfaces had a high probability of clipping, and some parts of the game felt like they expected way too much precision for the kind of control that you have. This really ruined my immersion at times.If you think you'd be interested in the experience and culture nonetheless, I totally suggest that you go for it. But if you're looking for a game that feels really good to play, this is unfortunately not it."
,Recommended,295790,17134953,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Quadadvance,"Great game, had many fantastic stories to tell. SPOILER>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>I really hated when the fox died and became a spirit. to me that was a falling point in the game."
,Not Recommended,295790,17135232,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Winterbourne,"I'm actually very conflicted about writing this review.  On the one hand, it's extremely educational and I think the cultural insight videos were fantastic.  On the other hand, the game itself is short and suffers from crippling control problems.In under four hours I completed the game with all achievements (I also took a long break in the middle to fold laundry, do the dishes, and take out the trash).  I would have finished faster, but the game makes you move incredably slow.  I'm pretty sure this is intentional to make the game feel longer.  The next problem I had was the controls.  Your character will slow down as you approach ledges, but not every time.  I'm sure there is some pattern to this, but I never figured it out.  Instead I just died over, and over, and over again because I failed to time my jumps perfectly.  Without spoilers, there's some control changes that happen about 2/3rds of the way through the game.  This is another control issue that I found frustrating.  (Edit:  I forgot to mention the AI will die.  It happens constantly.  And you will be forced to restart that section of the game because of the AI's error.)I work in Alaska and I've always been interested in mythology.  I was excited to learn about the native culture.  And I guess I did about the culture and mythology.  But I could have watched a bunch of YouTube videos and I would have learned just as much.  Instead I had to suffer through a very bad game so I could reward myself with two dozen short videos.Bottom Line:  Looking for a good game?  Don't buy this one.  Looking to learn about some mythology?  Buy it if you really want to support the developers."
,Recommended,295790,17116545,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,MeowTheLover,A deep adventure into native american beliefs and cultures. an emotion game with great music and fun gameplay.
,Not Recommended,295790,17125456,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,nuttylamb,"Honestly, don't bother. The style is pretty and the game looks good but the controls are unpredictable at best and every movement feels sluggish and like you are wading through syrrup. The pacing is all over the place. I ignored other reveiws in the hopes that it wan't that bad... well now I know."
,Recommended,295790,16889639,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,当然是选择原谅她,"If you feel bored of fps or rpg games, just try this one.I'm not gonna judge whethter it is worth the price or not, but at least I got experienced something different and interesting."
76561198055173377,Recommended,295790,16891391,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,libertytao,"Great storytelling. Though game play control is a bit clumsy, definitely worth to play"
,Recommended,295790,16892879,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Method™ off the grid,"The game is really good....no doubt about that. Amazing visuals, brought out very well in the best grade possible.-----------------------------------------------------------------------But, there are certain things which have to be pointed out.The story:-I found it absymal, not really interesting where it makes you get addicted. There is that lack of feel which induces excitement in yourself as to what might happen further. Here most of the time, you just waste time thinking as to how you need to pass a certain obstacle.Controls:-I used a x-box 360 controller. Even with that, it's pretty uncomfortable moving through in the game because it lacks some proper manual. Irrespective of knowing the controls in the game it just makes it hard at times where you become desperate to move through a certain point. They should've added a trainer level where you get to know how to do stuff at certain stages in the game.Nuna:-Now comes the problem, the thing what has happened is that whever the fox moves(for example, to bring out spirits so that Nuna can use her bola and use them) Nuna moves irrespective of reason. That makes it really silly and it was not at all neeed. Throughout the game, this specific attribute of hers will frustrate you while controlling not to add spoilers but at a certain time it really tests your patience.Overall general critic:-The story of the game suits more for a multiplayer gameplay than single-player not to mention Co-op might make it more easier but the way the game progresses I fancied a multi-player option. The story was narrated in a way which was really intruiging to the minds and that's been done perfectly but nowhere or anytime will it make you feel to replay the game. YEAH! You just don't feel the need to replay the game. Artstyle is just fantastic. I could've never imaged Nuna and fox in a better way, purely brilliant. Even the characters in the game are too good.RECOMMENDATION AND MY POVI do recommend people to play the game but this is that type of a game where you like it once or maximum twice not like Brothers: A tale of two sons(That's totally on another level). But 5.99$ for the game? Yeah it's definitely worth"
76561198005487987,Recommended,295790,17394864,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Intsanius,"Amazing game with great art, educative and very good for local coop with someone (especially with family). It was quite short, but definitely worth it! The DLC (Fox tales) is also amazing."
,Recommended,295790,17402909,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,pink pixel doggo,"Beautiful game which tells an amazing tale. I had this at my wishlist for 2 months or so, and it was worth all the waiting. A shame the main story isn't longer, cause I'd love to learn more. Truly amazing game. 10/10"
,Not Recommended,295790,17405339,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,kXtR,"Nice graphics and story, but controls are really sloppy. There are moments where it is almost unplayable."
76561198097422731,Recommended,295790,17687976,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,-DI- Tychonyx,"This game is absolutely beautiful! I stumbled upon this game at the Experience Music Project exhibit on Indy gaming in Seattle a few months back and immediately went home and put it on my library. The soundtrack, the documentary-like footage, the gameplay itself is all just gorgeous and you can really feel the love the developers put into this game. I applaud their wonderful product and recommend it to all of my friends who support the indy game industry."
76561198049760188,Not Recommended,295790,17688854,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,untugendbold,"Pros:+ Art style+ Graphics in general+ Cultural videos+ Low violence (Good for gaming with the family)+ Charakter movement animationsMediocre:~ storyCons:- Controls- Glitches (hanging in walls, falling through surfaces)- Game lenght (Even if you coop that with your better half, who kills her/himself at every opportunity given at least twice, you wont need much longer than 4 hours and have found and watched most of the (hidden) videos too.)---> I cant recommend it for the full price. Get it on sale"
76561198038623950,Recommended,295790,17712108,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Tosei,"Really cute game. I am not sure how to classify this, but it is rather more like a mix of a TV documentary and a simple game. The game is visually very nice and fun to play even though the controls can feel clunky at times.Don't let that deter you though, the little documentaries that are sprinkled around the game are nice to watch and I found myself making sure I find every little bit of ""cultural insight"" since they were so interesting."
76561198124112797,Recommended,295790,17710369,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,DeadShock,"this game...beautiful, just...just beautiful...i love itvery glichy thow"
76561198014099204,Recommended,295790,17745499,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Geck0,"Grab it if comes on Sale - Almost feels like a Disney movie set in Alaska, but with a Metroid sense of isolation.If you're reading this, you've probrably played ""BROTHERS"", and this popped up in your recommendations. You'll control 2 characters, true; but its a much simpler control scheme since its 2D. Whichever character you're controlling, the partner will follow right behind you. You'll switch to solve puzzles using Fox-Agility or Human Strength.You can finish Never Alone and its DLC, Fox Tales, within two afternoons. Both pieces are based on Alaskan Inuit folk tales and mythology. Scattered throughout the levels as easter-eggs are heartfelt interviews from tribemembers who reminisce about life on the tundra, esp. hunting stories. It makes for a interesting alternative setting for a decent 2D platformer.It will run smoothly even on the cheapest of PCs. But if you're able to enjoy the graphics on Max settings, you'll feel like you're getting your money's worth."
76561198001503368,Recommended,295790,17747958,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Jaziem,"This game is a wonderful piece of storytelling.  It teaches about a culture that few have an opportunity to learn about, but it does so by immersing you in that culture, by taking you on a journey through their world.  The game is fun, easy to pick up, and immensly rewarding to finish.This is an awesome game."
76561197961153586,Not Recommended,295790,17678178,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Eddie Van Blundht,"Not at all what I expected.  As I played through the first couple hours, the gameplay simply didn't live up to the story and atmosphere.  So I checked steam reviews and noticed 2 types of reviews: thumbs up from people who champion the cultural, environmental, and educational messages; and thumbs down from people who couldn't ignore the awful gameplay.  Both types of review are correct.For me, I was frustrated constantly, puzzles solutions were often very obscure, and I wasn't having even a little fun.  I just can't justify enduring that kind of frustration on a story I'm only mildly interested in.  So sadly this game gets deleted without finishing."
76561198059345172,Recommended,295790,17858122,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Just A Person,Really cool game :)
,Not Recommended,295790,17861988,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,FaunaCat,As an educational experience - fabulous. As a game - beautiful yet immensely frustrating. Unpredictable delays in controls make something as simple as jumping annoyingly and inconsistently difficult. Numerous glitches in the game have forced me to restart sections several times. I've given up.
,Recommended,295790,17321122,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Sharp,Pretty good game/docu
76561198180901787,Recommended,295790,17323364,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Segubla,"A very enjoyable, albeit short, game. The graphics are really cute, and the story is solid. Some people have complained about the controls, but I had no issues with this. Not sure I would buy it at full price simply because my main interest in the game came from wanting to play as Fox. 7/10"
76561198086386427,Recommended,295790,17324938,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,♕NEVER♕,love this game :)
,Recommended,295790,17334667,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Ace,A cute fox and a cute girl against the world what more do u want .....
76561198011933026,Recommended,295790,17530622,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,PoyoDiablo,"Review wrote just after finishing (and completing) the main game.The GameNever Alone is a coop platformer where one of the 2 characters can be controlled by the computer. An important part of the game is the documentary videos related to the story.It is based on a Iñupiaq story.Good pointsThe story in interresting and touchingThe graphic style is great (game and cutscenes)The documentary is truly interresting for anyone who actually caresSound track is good and when commentator's voice is great (iñupiaq subtitled in chosen language). Documentary's spoken languaage is english)The controls are ok (played with keyboard + mouse) I do not agree with those writing that jumping takes too much time... in real life, there is a delay between the time I decide to jump and the time I effectively jump. That's the same feeling as Prince of Persia, the very first of the name.Around 4 hours to finish the game quietly, seems legit for the price (expecially at 5.78 CAD!)Weak pointsSometimes (not most of the time), when the second player is controlled by the AI, the path finding is weird (happened in the water)Playing both characters is sometimes frustrating, expecially during the phases when you have time limited actions to do (last chapters) same as previous point, probably no problem when playing in coop.I easily recommend this beautiful and meaningful game."
76561197974819631,Recommended,295790,17561566,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,BBQ_Tactic,"Beautiful graphics, fun way to learn the culture of Alaska Native.  However, gameplay is too repetitive and easy."
,Recommended,295790,16786482,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Natural_1,"As a fan of artistic games I write you this:Never Alone gives you a warming story (although played in Alaska) about a single story of a beautiful culture. It's a short game, but it's based on a story so don't expect 20 hours of entertainment. It has some flaws in its controls, especially in the last stages. If you want to be fully emerged in the story, there are the little clips about the tribe the story originate from. It may feel like a documentary, but I think they did a great job presenting us a warm and beautiful story."
76561198079370652,Recommended,295790,16747497,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Funnyginsan,I dont think there will be a game like this again for a long long time (if ever).Genuinely loved it.Plus I got to be a fox which is always a plus in my book
76561198009863160,Recommended,295790,16751245,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,botleneck,very fun arcade like game.
76561198119700223,Recommended,295790,16754935,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,jfoxnoel,"As has been said already, there are certainly issues with the gameplay when you find yourself in a desperate situation and the controls are unresponsive. However, the game itself is beautiful and the method of storytelling is fantastic. Never Alone is relatively short and so any frustrations with the gameplay are short-lived, while the experience is memorable. The ""insights"" provide even more depth to this game. Despite its shortcomings, I would recommend this game."
,Recommended,295790,16684981,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,snugglor,"The story is the best part of this game - it's compelling and the cultural insight videos that go with it are interesting and act as a window into another way of life.The gameplay is okay. The puzzles require playing alternately as Nuna or Fox, and while they aren't difficult, the controls can be a bit temperamental and unresponsive at times, and occasionally the AI character will wander off a ledge or prevent the camera from moving due to being at the wrong side of the screen. This is incredibly frustrating at times but doesn't happen too often.I was satisfied with the game and I might give it another play through at some point, but there is nothing new to unlock once all the videos have been viewed."
,Recommended,295790,16648670,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Closey,"It's a fun game, and I'm not really a lover of platformers. It's interesting and it has a good story."
,Recommended,295790,16663077,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,dumdau,"Decent game, but a bit short. Control can be a bit sluggish at times. Overall a good experience and nice story."
76561198112559565,Not Recommended,295790,14461883,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Burn Note,"It's an intersting experience, and a neat look into a different culture.BUT: The gameplay is bad. Really bad. In the beginning it's just kinda boring, bust that's ok because the rest of the game is good and it's more of a vehicle for the story and world.However, the later parts get a good bit harder, and it gets frustrating. The controls are unresponsive, the bola control is just awful, hitboxes can be wierd and platforms despawn if the fox drifts of too far.It's also slow, so when you die through no fault of your own, you get to sit through a slow death animation and get to slowly plod back to where you were. It's never that far, but it happens so often that it becomes a chore to play anyway. It gets even worse after the fox spirit thing.Finally, the game can't even keep its own rules. Sometimes water kills, sometimes she can dive forever. Sometimes falling kills, sometimes it does nothing. Sometimes wild snow means wind, sometimes it doesn't.I can't really recommend playing it. If you like the idea, watch an LP of it and you'll have a much better experience."
76561198006891913,Recommended,295790,14441612,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Kung-Fu Kitty,"Really enjoyed this game.  The concept of telling a folk-story interspersed with non-intrusive documentary footage (cultural insights) through a video game works brilliantly.  It should be a touchstone for a new style of storytelling within the medium of games.Other reviews have issues with the controls, but I didn't find them that distracting or worse than other platformers.  It didn't take away from my game experience.  There were a couple instances where the polar bear didn't trigger the puzzle solution, and it took a few restarts to get it going, but these were minor issues.It is a short game (under 4 hrs with videos), but I think well worth it.  Pick it up at the next Steam sale if you're hesitant on the time/cost value."
76561198035360864,Recommended,295790,14458963,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,AnasFal,cute game
,Recommended,295790,14469587,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,rootsrat,"Excellent game, more than a game - it's an experience! The game itself is great, but the stories that you unlock as you progress add a lot of character. Greatly recommend!"
,Recommended,295790,15921173,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Mince,A master piece! from the story to the gameplay i fell in love. If you enjoy a game with a experience  this is for you.
,Recommended,295790,15910114,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,MachineX7,"Fun game, with an interesting story. I liked how it tied into different parts of the actual Eskimo culture. There were a couple parts that were a bit frustrating, but overall it kept moving at a good pace. Didn't take very long to beat but I thought it was a good length for the game."
,Recommended,295790,16148124,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,mjenso,"Never alone is a good game with amazing art style and the unique way to present culture of people from Alaska. Gameplay is perfectly fit to stories and believings of Alaska community. Basic gameplay mechanics are very simple and easy to learn, you can quickly switch between two characters: a girl that can use her throwing weapon and a fox that jumps high and steers the ghosts that you meet on your way. You can also play with your friend in local Coop. Player is able to unlock amazing videos about people of Alaska, their adventures and habits. The problem is that game is a bit to easy, to short and to  buggy. I had to restart from checkpoint for a few times to be able to progress, I was blocked in the corner of the screen or literally pushed under the level because of the collision detection of moving platforms. Sometimes player can grab invisible ledges, sometimes player can tell that he'll reach the ledge but he doesn't. Oh, and Polish localization is a bit silly, there were bug in on one of the first menus :) Still, this game is worth each buck I've paid for it. I recommend it, especially when the patch will be shipped!"
,Recommended,295790,16564008,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Grim Gravy,"This game was both haunting and beautiful. For me, it had an underlaying sadness to it. Maybe because of all the snow and cold? I'm from the North myself, so maybe it was something more personal for me. lol!Lots of innuit culture involved, the story is quite nice.Lots of extras to watch while playing, so if you need to take a short break, there are many short videos to watch.It took less than 4 hours for me to complete. I don't think I unlocked all the videos.Controlling: Mostly keyboard, but mouse required for aiming/shooting. It was very easy to control, but the timing of my actions were a little tricky...tis the nature of this game. Puzzles... remember how Odd World was? Kind of like that. Timing and actions.Motionsickness: nope. felt pretty good playing it the entire time.I did not encounter any glitches in the game. Nice!Do I recommend this game? Absolutely! If you get the chance to pick it up, do it. It's a nice way to spend a few hours. It was so lovely."
76561198021038078,Recommended,295790,16348443,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Recremen,"Beautiful artwork, fun level design with a lot of task variety and skill building, and great cultural insight videos.  I'm so glad they decided to share this story with the rest of the world."
,Recommended,295790,16567366,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,SheYi,"Beautiful and gracefull game but quite short thou, and the puzzles are not challenging.It's expensive for the length of it but totally worthy for the story and graphics.Buy it on sale (60%+ off)!"
76561198023461935,Recommended,295790,16568978,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Ginger,"This story is about a little girl and her fox friend. They go on an adventure together to find the cause of a terrible blizzard ravaging their village. On the way they face many adversaries that they need to overcome, but not in the way you would expect. The little girl and her fox need to use the environment around them to help get to safety.The game is about 4 to 5 hours long, and throughout it you get insight into the Inuit culture which is where the story originates by unlocking ""Culture Insights"", it also has great replay value for someone who is just looking to enjoy a nice story. It's not gorey and a good game to play with a friend! Local Co-op is supported and the game is definitely made for it. You can play the story by yourself switching between the two characters, Fox and Nuna, or you can play with a friend!The AI is a little bad but it can be overlooked. Overall I highly reccommend this game."
76561198063833754,Not Recommended,295790,16571721,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,White_Scales,"I feel I ought to commend the developers on successfully recreating the arctic environment: the snow and ice are pretty to look at, but death come suddenly and with no warning, and you'll be hoping you're out of it very quickly.Joking aside, the mechanics of the game are marred by a multitude of clipping errors that make the platforming an exercise in frustration. I did get some nice zoomed out views of a few of the stages when I clipped through them, and there were several times that I had to restart from the last checkpoint because it had become impossible to make progress. Whatever nice things I could say about the art or the story, ultimately don't matter because Never Alone fails as a game. Another, more polished attempt might be welcome, but right now this isn't worth playing.I've seen several reviews also call out the partner AI as deserving of scorn, with the suggestion that this be played co-op. While I certainly saw my AI partner jump to their death often enough to agree with the first part of that statement, I can't imagine playing this with someone else due to the multitude of bugs already discussed.As for the cultural notes that make up such a big portion of this game, I think it's worth pointing out that they don't tell the whole story. A great example of this is the short video about King Island, which says that people are just now coming back to the island after a long time, but doesn't mention why. A quick search will give you the answers, but its indicative of the narrative shaping that's going on."
76561198009798031,Recommended,295790,15670046,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Clown Vomit くそ,"I can't help but compare it to Limbo, since they are both really similar in how they play, and I can't think of anything else I have played that also fits into a similar catagory. If you liked Limbo, you'll probably like this, The gameplay, controls and puzzle designs aren't as polsihed in this game, but they're similar, and everything that I love in Limbo, the environment, art style and story, are all really strong in this game as well. The controlling of two characters mechanic is fine, and at least for the first half of the game I found it quite enjoyable, but without spoiling much, it changes about 1/2 to 2/3 of the way through where it suddenly for me became a lot more frustrating and I died a lot without really feeling like I was to blame because of poor controls and just irritating design choices, and that's really my biggest critisism with the game. I still enjoyed it enough to recommend it, not strongly, but the art, environment and story are good enough that I would say you should experience the game for yourself."
,Not Recommended,295790,15437307,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Tararabbit111279,"This could have been a really great game, but there are glitches up the wazoo. I love when this game randomly swaps from single player mode to co op mode, I also love how I can't access the full menu during game play so I can quit the game. Considering the glitching and having the game randomly swap modes, I'd reccomend you don't spend more than 5$ on this pos."
,Recommended,295790,15500188,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Sgt Poultry,"This game reminded me a lot of Journey, except with greater emphasis on the story and interaction between two main characters. The game starts off as a fairly simple platformer, running, jumping and avoiding gusts of wind, but as the story progresses you get more actions for both characters adding very interesting movement puzzles. I played this single player and to that end it's limited as the AI can get troublesome in addition to have to switch characters rapidly between timed events. I would highly recommend playing this with someone else as that is where the game shines. Figuring out the puzzles together and working with different abilities is very fun and rewarding.The story is also very engrossing like an old fairy tale. You also get glimpses into the native Alaskan lifestyle both past and present with ""Cultural Insights"" which are unlocked minute or so segments which tell you about their history and culture. These usually have to do with part of the game you unlock them in and I found interesting and not distracting from the game itself.Graphics and sound are both spot on. The art syle looks amazing and creates some very beautiful landscapes. Equally the sound effects and music help bring you to that cold wintery land feeling."
76561197970897724,Recommended,295790,15321263,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,quantum_mechanic_1964,"Wonderful story and game, suitable for kids with moderate coordination.Would be nice to have an ""easy"" mode, to pull younger ones in.Well done!"
,Not Recommended,295790,15321235,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,ThisGirlCharlotte,"It looks pretty cool...... in the photos! I cant play it besause it crashes every time I load it, it crashes! Please fix! :("
,Recommended,295790,15597881,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,prakash.guru,The game is really beautiful. nice animations & puzzels.
,Recommended,295790,15523331,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,TJ,"This game caught my eye during a summer sale. I was browsing through some new releases and decided to purchase it. And as usual, it sat in the back of my steam library until I dusted it off, installed it and started playing.My first impression of the game was the title screen, with its dark, snowy camp site. And then the title fades in on the screen. Kisima Ingitchuna. I was exited. The actual game begins with a story told through a traditional art form, which is a nice way to start off. In fact, this game itself is basically a story, told through the means of a platformer-style game.I will not spoil the story here, because it is a good one, and you should hear it for yourself. :)The game allows you to control two characters. Nuna and the Fox. It can be played with two players (similarly to Brothers), but I was playing it by my self, so I just switched between the two. Nuna can climb ladders and move heavy objects, while The Fox can crawl through tiny spaces and inch up walls. The Fox's biggest feature however, is that he can communicate with spirits. The spirits take form of something in the level and help you traverse the level as Nuna. The contrast of the two make for good gameplay. My only complaint with playing by yourself, is that the AI can be tricky sometimes. The computer-controlled character might jump off and force you to restart the puzzle. While it only happened occasionally, it was still annoying.The game looks and sounds great. It has a fitting soundtrack that picks up with certain effects, depending on what your doing in the game, which is a nice touch. The graphics have a nice contrast of white and dark, following very closely to Alaska. There are places in the game where colors pop! For example: in one section of the game the Northern lights come down and take the form of little worm-like spirits. They look really cool in the dark of night, and serve the game well.So, this game has a great soundtrack, nice graphics and solid gameplay... What more could you ask for? Well, the only REAL downside to this game is the amount of bugs. There are some movement bugs and graphical hiccups throughout.So, to recap:Pros:- Good Story- Enjoyable Gameplay- Clean VisualsCons:- Minor Bugs- A bit Short- $15 Price Tag (I would wait for a sale)This game is very good. I enjoyed myself throughout, and have very small complaints. I recommend it to everyone.Tj's Score: 7/10-TjEdit: I have completed this game 100% and have all the achievements and collectables."
,Recommended,295790,15661707,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Squeedle,"Beautiful, educational, fun, short, and not terribly hard.  Played in co-op mode with my bf who isn't a gamer and we thought it was great."
76561198019181169,Recommended,295790,13612205,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,andy,Beautiful
,Recommended,295790,13649240,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Phoe,"This game is narrated entirely in the Iñupiaq language with subtitles. It is loosely based on a Iñupiaq legend about a girl and a fox spirit who save the lands from an eternal blizzard. While it has a couple of issues with its control-scheme, it's a very unique experience . It is written to share and educate people about Iñupiaq culture, stories and traditions and has absolutely beautiful visuals and sound."
,Recommended,295790,13664245,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,limau,"A beautiful platformer that I enjoyed more than I thought I would. The atmosphere is great. The puzzles are clever. A bit short but I'm fine with that. Also, consider getting a Player 2 with you for the journey"
,Recommended,295790,13166132,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Wolvris,"It's not often that a game comes along that has the ""feel"" this game has. I'm still early in the game but I can tell you that the art, story, sense of history and gameplay work together to give you more than just a game. To call it a platformer would be accurate, but it fails to illustrate the way I feel about this game. I feel like I want to hide this game away as a keepsake to give to my grandchildren. I don't feel that way about many games, this is one. The cultural videos play like a well made documentary. The game itself plays like an extremely tight platformer. The music and sound in general is beautiful and fitting for every moment. The emotional bond between Fox and Nuna is instant and effortless. When one fails the other feels terrible, but the game doesn't make you dwell on it for too long. I don't see anything annoying or glitchy about it so far. If you have two controllers you can play local co-op to enhance and share this wonderful game. I think it is well worth the full price. At this point I believe this is a masterpiece, I will revise my review if it falls apart later in the game, but I do not expect to do so. I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,295790,13166765,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Yuri,"This game is absolutely gorgeous. Both the painting-esque style of the gameplay sections and the more symbolic cutscene visuals were great. I really enjoyed the way the story is told, and the cultural insights that came with the game were an unexpected treat. If you'e looking for an interesting story and aren't too concerned with getting a ton of hours out of it (beat the game in co-op in about six hours, took another two to find some of the hiden insights), definitely check this out."
76561198074333280,Recommended,295790,13170211,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Rosastar,"This game... wow just wow.. it looks stunning, the story is intresting and oh hey you got a little ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ fox with you that wont listen to your Y button for changing controll, resulting in a game that can not be played once you have to play with the fox and girl at the same time.they have to fix this and then it is a 8/10 for me"
76561197973212819,Recommended,295790,13174906,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,chronomodra,"This side-scrolling puzzler is indeed beautiful, and the best comparison I can make is ""It's like limbo, except it's beautifully cute instead of beautifully dark.""  Especially since you'll likely die about as often.  The story is about what you'd expect from a storyteller around a fire, though nothing too magnificent.My main gripe with the game is that it's so short.  You'll complete it in just a few hours, so if you're looking for value for your money, you probably want to wait until it's on sale and then treat it like treating yourself to a movie, because that's about how long it lasts.It also makes for a very educational game, so parents might consider getting this for their kids.  It comes with a number of documentary snippets about Alaskan natives, which you can view during the game or all at once."
76561198116163948,Recommended,295790,13176790,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,jared_currier,"A beautiful game, well animated with great pacing and solid controls. The A.I. can be a tad annoying at times but the game really shines when played with a friend. I loved the insights in to the culture of the Inupiat peoples, thank you so much for sharing this enchanting tale, I hope there are more to come!"
76561198012938827,Recommended,295790,13176888,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Buff Anime Grandpa,"the worst that can be said of this game is the last thirty minutes or so feature questionable design decisions. everything else about this game is great. this game is important and should be played, imo."
76561197998504206,Recommended,295790,13272221,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Red Agliator,"Playing Never Alone (Kisima Ingitchuna) felt to me like stepping into a folk tale: not just reading it, but actually experiencing and overcoming the obstacles that the heroes face in that story. It's an actual folk tale, not just one made up for the game. Even better, it comes with deep context. I wasn't just avoiding green ghosts while platforming, I was hiding from the Northern Lights and the ghost children that wanted to play football with my head.This game is probably most enjoyable for in-between gamers. Hardcore players might get frustrated that the characters won't turn on a dime, and very casual players will likely find the last few chapters frustratingly hard. If you're in the middle, and enjoy story, learning about culture, atmosphere, and animation detail, Never Alone (Kisima Ingitchuna) is a great experience. Personally, I think it's worth playing even you you never make it through to the end.Second to playing the beautiful white fox, I found the ""cultural insights"" to be one of my favorite features of the game. I love collecting things in a game, and trying to find every single owl was a great reason to explore the game's settings thoroughly. Some of the insight videos were like mini documentaries, telling me things about how this native culture exists in the modern day. Many of the videos were stories: life and death experiences that had happened to the tellers or their family. Almost all provided depth and background to the game: I learned the traditions of the Northern Lights, I really felt the abandoned landscape of King Island, I saw how the art of the cut scenes came from on the style of real-world scrimshaw, and I got to hear several other traditional stories. I strongly suggest not waiting until the end of the game to watch the insights you unlock."
,Recommended,295790,13272627,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Smith,"Very nice game, I'd say it's probably for the milder puzzle fans. There's a part where you need to do some stuff in a panic, but it counts for like 5% of the game. I like that, but I can leave other's to their own opinions.It's a very educational game, no doubt. By this, I mean to say that it's agenda is to teach you about the real life of the natives of Alaska through videos. In game you solve puzzles; the game's story line is 100% off folklore of the Alaskans.I do have a problem regarding the educational video pop-ups, however. You go tend to get them a lot and while you can just ignore them, they're rather hard to do so at first. I almost always have a nagging feeling to press whatever button the screen tells me when I first play, but after some time this goes away and you just know when an educational video notification will occur. Another problem is when the scene cuts and you're moving to a new area, you actually have to say no to a video to progress. It won't start or anything, it just gives you the option to watch one right then and there or not. It's a little weird.I didn't think the controls were clunky, but there were a couple times when the AI controlling you're other half (you're either little girl or fox; you can switch) will suicide off a cliff and it's really annoying. Usually, though, the AI does a fine job of keeping up with you and you can usually predict what they'll do.For whatever reason I had low frame rates and tried tinkering with it (I mean, it ran fine) the game just seems to require a lot of GPU for whatever reason."
76561198146866454,Recommended,295790,13276134,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,la_ever,"Never alone is good game. But also has too many bugs:(Black out, can't open the video, monitor breaking(?)Sometime it has not worked with black out, also open the video, display size controlupdate please... I love this game...! I want to see the ALL VIDEO!"
,Recommended,295790,13257988,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,LeBerduk,"Shout-out to JesseCox for convinving me to buy this game.It is really worth the money spent and more.Playing on my laptop, so far had no problems and bugs.I just finished the first level, but I think I spent more time (re)watching videos than playing the game :pI wish there were more games like this.I recommend it to anyone, kids and adults alike.The game has something to teach to all of us."
76561198023179344,Recommended,295790,13234280,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Martonimos,"Kisima Inŋitchuŋa may play like other puzzle-platformers, but it's an experience quite unlike anythine else out there. Its gameplay consists mostly of well-crafted puzzles, using a few simple concepts (the basic actions of each character and the later addition of a magic bola) in interesting ways. Switching between Nuna and Fox for single-player was breezy and effective, although I imagine the game would be much more fun with a second player. A few bugs and unclear objectives brought the experience down, but the gameplay is quite good overall.It's the presentation that really sets Never Alone apart, though. The game is up there with the finest in terms of atmosphere, with beautiful music elevating the immersion. The graphics are well-done, although the scrimshaw-styled cutscenes outshine the real-time graphics of the game. I wish they'd gone all the way with the art style, like Okami or Muramasa, but the spirits that appear in the game do use the scrimshaw style, and look beautiful and eerie against the more realistic backgrounds. Even if you're unfamiliar with Iñupiat lore, the game does an excellent job of drawing you in, even providing interviews with Iñupiaq people (called Cultural Insights) to explain some of the legends and inspirations behind the game.The experience is hurt by its simplicity and short length. However, it's still a great experience overall. It's a great idea, and one worth supporting in the hopes of seeing more games follow in its footsteps, bringing indigenous legends to the world in a brand new way. Besides which, it's a pretty good game, one I wholeheartedly recommend you try."
76561198103512172,Recommended,295790,13234437,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,RedGun,"If you are interested in Native culture and enjoy playing games then this is a MUST-PLAY. Shoot, even if you aren't that interested in Native culture this is still a MUST-PLAY. If you are into well-crafted intelligent platformers, beatiful artwork, and a refreshingly unique and original plot then you should check this game out.The exciting thing to me is that this is only their first game! What will they come out with next? I am looking forward to a bright future for Native gamers where we can play games made by Ndns. This one is right up there with Assassin's Creed 3 for me in terms of how much I enjoy it both intellectually and socially.P.S.I just have to say that, as a Cowlitz man, I have a big problem with people calling this game (or anything for that matter) Authentic. Authenticity DOESN'T EXIST! It is a made up concept, usually used to sell products while exploiting indigenous cultures because it fixes our people in the past as a historical artifact. Don't fixate on whether or not anything is ""truly authentic"" because you will never be satisfied. Cultures grow and change and adapt with time. Get over it. Thank you."
,Recommended,295790,13263312,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,HrBoes,Beautiful game with great cultural insights. Love it!
76561198013622319,Recommended,295790,13265956,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,ishKiia,"This is unreal.  Forget about controls and those that whined about it. .they are fine and came quite natural to me once I got the hang of it.  That said, I feel like I have been sitting in front of a native there with the honor of being passed something so sacred with all it's wisdom.  If you are just into a gaming experience with like bang bang they are dead, don't get it.  I hope with all my heart they make more.  Maybe just a few ""get it"" but not everyone is ready for it. The art is just amazing.  I've worked in gaming development and I know what it is like to get something like this out.  My hope of a career in with something this meaningful is gone, but I I can sure shout kudos to those that can... and this deserves all sorts of awards.I ... get it.  Thank you devs for putting so much into this and telling a story with so much meaning and teaching.Create an awesome day!~ ish"
,Recommended,295790,13802929,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,CorrosiveFox,"Pretty fun to play. Fairly easy controls, with the exception of wall jumps and climbing with the fox.The Iñupiat stories were really interesting and were defintely worth listening to."
76561198014274222,Recommended,295790,13825676,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,ERIS,"Wonderful story, art and gameplay. Some small bugs but overall an lovelly piece of work."
,Recommended,295790,13894231,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,regs79,"This is not a particularly great platformer. The controls are a little unwieldy which is frustrating in a few spots. But it's not too hard, has a neat little story and is gorgeous to look at. I didn't feel like my time was wasted, recommended for a lazy Sunday afternoon."
,Recommended,295790,20424361,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Xerubium,"A very good game. Music is good. Graphics is a perfect mixture of 3D and a cultural, tale telling atmosphere.I especially love the cultural insight. I am very touched by the way of living of Inupiat people.A turn down is that there are a few bugs in the game. Having them fixed would make this game perfect. I face the following two bugs (slight spoiler alert):When chased by the blizzard giant, I once have Nuna jumped onto the tree. The tree stood up but did not walk.I had Fox the dragged the two arms higher but the tree stood still. In another day I played it again, it went so smooth as if this bug never happened.At the end of Fox Tale,after the narrator spoken: ""the giant rat did not escape the collapse bank"", the screen went to a dark tone color. Background music is still humming. If I press any key, a notice says ""CTRL to skip"" would appear as if some cinematics are happening. I didn't see the end of this story due to this bug. Luckily, I got a glimpse in the cultural insight."
,Recommended,295790,19446192,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,KIRILA,"Very great game, very great story !"
,Recommended,295790,19358973,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Xylotol,"just started and so far loving the game. the art is all adorable and incredibly well-done, as well as the plot being interesting. it's fairly easy to play, but still gives players a bit of a challenge and keeps them interested with the plot line."
,Not Recommended,295790,19376572,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,pebblegosling,"I really wanted to love this game. It looked adorable, had actually worked with people from the culture it was depicting, and seemed like it could be great fun as a short platformer. Unfortunately, bugs and control glitches really killed my enjoyment of the game after the first couple of hours of gameplay. Slow response rate, your partner dying on single-player because they just run too slowly, completely bugged puzzle sections... Very very frustrating. If the bugs and messed up pc single player controls were fixed, I'd definitely play this again."
76561198073696217,Recommended,295790,19442279,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Darrintwo73,"cute and interesting just like me,cultural insights were good to,so go on have a shot."
,Recommended,295790,19406352,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,jess,I LOVED this game. Beautiful graphics and a sweet story + fun gameplay. Just lovely.
,Recommended,295790,19408571,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Sotovsky,Simply stunning
76561197983584430,Recommended,295790,19392233,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,SgtBilko,"Beautiful game, with elegant puzzle platforming elements.  The Inuipiat videos really do add something to it."
76561198059779238,Recommended,295790,19425721,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,vengeful5values,"First impressions:When I saw the title ""Never Alone"" and a girl with a fox on it, I was instantly interested in this. I read up on some reviews and saw some game play on Youtube. When I saw that I could get the main game and its DLC, Fox Tales add on for about $5, I decided to finally pick it up.I guess I was a little leery about the ""documentary"" aspect of it, not quite knowing how it was going to work, but, once playing through the game and watching these very short segments of cultural information and footage (they are not boring at all!), I realized to what purpose it all truly was. They set the mood instantly as it thrusts you onto the frozen tundra, surrounded by cold, snow, and vicous predators. You can watch the short cultural segments all at once but I much enjoy them as I'm playing the game. With each new segment that's unlocked, I get more information about the world that I'm in. I view them as cut scenes for the game and helps to set the mood for the next league of the journey.The game itself is a side-scrolling platformer. I enjoy it very much, and I enjoy the graphics as well. The game is beautiful for what it offers. So far, the controls are nicely responsive. Playing on a keyboard, switching between the characters is efforless and I can pretty much control both characters with ease with only one hand. I just got to the village and I look very forward to more of what this game has to offer."
76561198042871115,Recommended,295790,19424263,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Zacoulou,"This is a game that can be enjoyed as a single player experience and with friends. When playing singleplayer, watching all of the cutsceens and paying attention to the historical information can be interesting, but with friends I prefered to skip them. The game is meant to be more of a spiritual journey than a normal game but it gets very repetative. I would only recommend this if you are an eskimo with a fox friend that can play with you. 0/10"
76561198048881425,Recommended,295790,19573967,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,DanielNB,"Really nice game, have a good history, it's a little short but interesting and with a good message."
,Recommended,295790,19577360,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Murdock,"Beautiful, amazing story and I also learned alot... This is the best game I've played this year"
,Recommended,295790,20011734,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Nickerrs,Beautiful game. Loved the co-op play. Also picked up Fox Tales and it was great. We also enjoyed watching the videos. Just wish the gameplay was a bit longer.
76561198041287274,Recommended,295790,19983044,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Dragoncuali,"This is a very unique game because its not really a game. Its more of a visual documentry. The controls are a pain and can not be changed, but you will get used to them.There are some puzzles that are a pain solely because you have to switch between the characters quickly and accurately. Would I still reccomend this game? Yes Absoluetly. It has sunning graphics, a lovely story and a bit of education. I loved it so much I bought the DLC."
,Recommended,295790,19979133,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,sambrewster,"I quitted this game many times out of frustration with the glitches and AWFUL controls, but I kept playing because it was such a beautiful platformer. The documentary videos are lovely, the mood is fantastic. the fox is great t play, but becomes a nightmare to control satisfactorily later on in the game, much to it's detriment during action sequences (chases, boss' etc).There was also a few times when the framing was just way off, leaving the only option to jump off a ledge and die in order to reset it so that you can find the next platform to jump to.Despite its problems, whilst on sale this would be a shame to miss! Fantastic imagination and storytelling, just need a little bit more work on the mechanics and it would have been perfect."
76561198060938236,Not Recommended,295790,19865180,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Sir Zenneth,"I havent played Fox Tales yet, but after playing the base game straight through, I was just so glad when it was over.The controls are clunky, the gameplay is unfair, and I won't spoil anything, but the story made me gasp once, and then it was promptly ruined.I wanted this game to be good. I really, really did, but it just fell short in so many ways, and I just cannot recommend it."
,Recommended,295790,20023240,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Silverwolfe,"This could be one of the most important video games I've ever played. It has certainly found itself in my top 10 of all time.I played with a controller on a mac.This game had me actually emotionally invested in the first 15 minutes, which is something most games are unable to do.  The platformer does have some glitches, but I found that frequent, automatic waypoints made that a non issue for me.  The difficulty level is easy to moderate, with a few spots that will leave you scratching your head. (Hint, as ice/adze goes suddenly up, you can jump higher).This game will teach you something, if you take the time to let it. You will learn about two stories, you will learn about a culture and you will learn something different than most other video games -- life is precious.Buy this game and play it."
,Recommended,295790,19940053,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Samillennium,This game is amazing and beautiful! cheers to the creators they pass my test of beautiful game play (I want to buy this game for all of my friends!
,Recommended,295790,19947023,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,melonville,One of the most amazing games I have ever played. The information and story it provides is great. Controls can be a pain sometimes though...
76561198040236903,Recommended,295790,18199558,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Tonkoe_Lezvie_Sna,"One of the cutiest games I've ever seen. The journey in the culture of Iñupiats was very interesting. And my wife love this arctic fox ^_^Just one minus is that game is too short, even with add-on. But it worth its money."
,Recommended,295790,18156051,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,tlynni,This game is gorgeous. I highly recommend it to anyone and everyone. The storyline is immersive and mechanics are fun and interesting.I read that a lot of people had issues with playing this game as far as the controls go. I used an Xbox 360 controller and had zero issues with the controls. The game did crash once on me during an autosave. I sent the error log and my DxDiag to the support team and they responded quickly to address the issue.Overall just amazing all around.
,Recommended,295790,18179243,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,MGLKF,"What a beautiful and anthropological game at the same time. A bit buggy and laggy sometimes, but worth it. I even feel like I should have paid more for this rather than getting it on sale! Totally recommend :)"
,Not Recommended,295790,18205808,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,butchigo.14,"As an animation student, i always love to play indie games with nice story and art and intereting gameplay (ex: Ori and the blind forest). That's why i was quite excited when i found out this game. Even tho most of the reviews are all complaining about the gameplay and bugs, i still think that ""what if the story and the art is nice?"" But after exploring all the stories, I have to say that ""Never alone"" is the worst indie game i've ever played. Bought a pack included the original game and the extra game and the soundtrack and now i regret so much.so disappointing from the art to the game play and even to the story (yes i have to say the story is so sleepy and some parts it doesn't make any sense at all). The purpose of the game is nice when u get to explore a whole new culture with all the atmospheres and the feelings (which is indeed really awesome) but the game just ruined everything.So for me, it's a total waste of money and time for a game which at first i thought it's gonna be very nice. Now i don't even want to play the game again to earn all the achievements (normally i always play a game again and again to find all the secrets and enjoy it)"
,Not Recommended,295790,18203551,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,jebOx,"This game is beautiful and educational, so it saddens me that I can't recommend it to others. The gameplay is mediocre and the controls are bad, especially the bola mechanic."
,Not Recommended,295790,18195369,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,benderpoa,"I really wanted to like this game. I'm a pretty sensitive guy. Games like Ori and the Blind Forest, Child of Light made me cry and Valiant Hearts made me burst into tears althrough the game. But somehow Never Alone just bored me. The controls are awful and honestly the only challenge is getting the hang of how to move the characters. You always know where to go and what to do. It's all about getting the right buttons at the right time. It becomes so frustrating to move the characters that I couldn't care if they died or not. I just could not relate to the story. I finished in 4 hours and got most of the achievements and I'm definitely not going back to get the rest of them. The story itself is just silly, unless I'm missing some deep analogy. At some point I thought it would be about climate change, but that didn't seem to be the case."
,Recommended,295790,18195709,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Mr.SC,"I cannot say this is a perfect game.BUT this game deserve to play,it is a good game.IF the full mark is 10,i will give this game 9.A really really good game!!!"
76561198010339172,Recommended,295790,18260570,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Riunn Snow,"The game played well, I didn't experience any buggy issues that other reviews have commented on.  I enjoyed the art style, atmosphere, music, and story this game provided. The educational documentary clips added another level to the games depth.I would suggest that you buy it when it is on sale, because it take a few hours to complete. Because it is a short game, I played it through a couple of times. Not much replay value, I just replayed because I enjoyed the art and atmosphere the game provided."
,Recommended,295790,17556573,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,beckakashi,"A beautiful atmospheric platformer, I found it very easy to get lost in the game play. Evident for the amount of hours I spent on the game, I almost didn't want to finish it tbh. The fox was super kawaii too though, so 10/10"
76561198179370381,Recommended,295790,18519994,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,yerannaz,great storygreat gameplaygreat gameI rate 10/10
76561198004006208,Recommended,295790,18687684,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,GaiaHero,A fantastic game and piece of cultural histroy rolled into one. A strong arugment towards the notion that games are more than just fun in this emotional and educational rollercoaster ride in the snow.
,Recommended,295790,18677454,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,ShXIII,"Good little indie game that lasted about two hours. Simplistic gameplay, pretty graphics, art and music.Give it a go if you want something short and sweet"
,Recommended,295790,18465137,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,StealthCMDR,This is a very uniqe game.
76561198013865579,Recommended,295790,18631425,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,nilen435,Its a nice atmospheric game that looks great. But for me the gameplay and music never realy got me into the game. I liked the culture insict videos that explained more about culture of the natives. I recomend it if you can get it at a disquant.
76561197972392060,Recommended,295790,18124199,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Muppet,"Beautiful platformer combined with a great insight into native Alaskan traditions and beliefs.  Can't remember the last time I enjoyed learning so much whilst just ""playing a game""."
76561198003863624,Recommended,295790,18703429,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,JiMy360,"This is a beautiful game. Really unique experience of video gaming. Story, characters(they soo cute), atmosphere.. it's just stunning.In despite of the controller problems and really bad buggy situations in some climbing animations and poor optimization (those will never ever good with that kind of platform games) Still highly recommended. You should try this one"
76561198045881605,Recommended,295790,13811444,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,mikegray,"I'm really enjoying this beautiful game - about half-way through so far. I understand that the game mechanics are dicey, but since I'm a pretty untalented gamer anyway, I just keep on trying and dying till I muddle my way through. (So far, so good, knock on wood!)One question that maybe someone can help me with: I'm on PC (obviously), and I don't own a controller. In fact, though I'm an active gamer, I don't even know how to use one! But I'd really like to try playing with my wife. Can we play with two keyboards? Or at least, with a keyboard and a single controller? Or do I have to buy TWO controllers AND learn how to use them?"
,Recommended,295790,13814801,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,plexus,Really beautiful and cute game. A little bit short though. Controls have been okay for me and my girlfriend.
,Recommended,295790,13966673,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Kelshark,"Never Alone (Kisima Ingitchuna) was nice, short and sweet game to put it simply. The artwork and sounds were great and the game in general taught me a few things about the Iñupiat people while being entertaining. However the game did have a few little bugs here and there but nothing game breaking, and I had to install something called LAV Filter to be able to see the cultural insight videos which were also worth a watch. If games like journey and limbo and the cave are your thing, you'll probably enjoy this game as well."
76561198041442889,Recommended,295790,13918022,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,culinarykid92,"An educational game, only if you watch the cultural insights, which take you out of the game. A nice puzzle platformer (mostly platformer) about an Alaskan native story. Very enjoyable, though a little buggy. I had a few times where one of the characters get trapped in something, only to use the other character to have the AI dislodge the trapped character. It is a very engaging story, something like a nice kids story that is still entertaining to adults. The music immerses the player into the game. And the characters feel like they should while controlling them."
,Recommended,295790,13931969,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,WillDrug,"This is not a game per say, more of a cultural walkthrough through an old story with Discovery Channel mixed in. If you're gonna skip cultural video stuff - don't pick it up.Other than that it gives an interseting view of day-to-day alaskan life, current as well as old one and myths.Played co-op with my girlfriend, found it enlightening"
,Recommended,295790,13337661,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,SamSol,The game is fun and interesting. The game is a nice casual game that is straight forward but culterally interesting.
,Recommended,295790,14025402,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Melovinci,"An indie game about a child and their companion braving the odds, developing a relationship all during a unique, stylised, cutsie adventure? There’s a dime a dozen of these indie games and while I’m not saying that’s bad, these games do have to be pretty special to stand out from the crowd.Well Never Alone (Kisima Inŋitchuŋa) does stand out from the crowd. Upper One Games in conjunction with E-Line Media (entertainment and education publisher) and the Cook Inlet Tribal Council (representatives of the Inupiat cultural group – Alaskan natives) have retold an Inupiat folk tale in the form of a video game. The cut scene art design is taken directly from Inupiat art and the game is narrated in the native language (with subtitles).Never Alone has some unconventional game design that initially surprised and annoyed me turned out to be reasonably creative. The developers really made an effort to interweave mechanics, visual design, educational value and Inupiat culture into a well-rounded game.Never Alone‘s educational value didn’t really come from the game mechanics; if used in a supervised, classroom environment, Never Alone could be considered a rather entertaining learning tool. Partially because of its knowledge delivery, but also partially because it can be played co-op (team play is so much more engaging).So is it worth the $15 you’re likely to pay for it? That’s still an easy yes. It is only a short game, taking me 3 hours to finish. But it was exactly the right length. While I did find some the gameplay a hindrance rather than fun, it’s not so hard that you can’t push through it after a couple of attempts. Some of the unique aspects of the game and live-action story telling makes this a game I can recommend to most people.For full review, visit:http://icarusreviews.net/2014/12/28/never-alone-kisima-innitchuna/"
,Recommended,295790,14037864,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,isthisscience,Blown away. A beautiful telling of a people's culture in a fun and dramatic game. Fantastic fun and really endearing.
76561198007268305,Recommended,295790,13045367,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Sable Gryphon,"This is an amazing game. It's a story, beautifully told, that explores the legends and culture of the Iñupiaq people of Alaska. The music adds to the emotional impact of the game.The gameplay is slightly lacking and it's a bit short for the price, but the beauty of the subject is the real prize here. I highly recommend this game. It's a beautiful 3 hours, even if the gameplay can be a bit frustrating at points. This is a game to play for the story that's being told. It's worth it."
76561197971048577,Recommended,295790,13199324,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,XeReX,"Short but sweet game. Great storytelling and a nice way to learn about another culture, through gameplay and video. I didn't catch all the video sequences, missing 2 of 24. Won't bother go trough again. Anyway great and good looking game."
,Recommended,295790,13201404,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Sean,"Despite a few issues with the controls and relatively short gameplay, I enjoyed the game very much. The actual gameplay was on the simpler side, but there were a few parts that required a fair amount of coordination.The subtitled narration in Inupiat, art direction, documentary-style videos, and native folklore plot all made the game a must-play, in my opinion."
,Recommended,295790,13204583,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,|1MC|Easy,Thumbs up for Alaskan Natives
,Recommended,295790,13189050,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,FRCD ♋❤♏.HyperX,"Very simple game, but with good storyline and teach for us about artic life. Since play this game I am very like Artic Fox thats so cute with white color. I hope have Aartic Fox in my house."
76561198035720898,Recommended,295790,13189599,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Pucky,"Postives: I enjoy my history related games like; AoE, Rise of Nations, Civ, and Crusader Kings. I enjoy learning about the cultures and reimaging myself in them. This game is different from those. It's something fresh, a different IP than the usual Western cultural norm. This game is based on a traditional story and is more of the cultural artefact tradition than anarchonism. It tries to convey the oral traditions of the Alaskan First Nation via a game form. And then after reading on the game, it does more than quotes the past, it evolves the tradition to the context of the modern era. Additionally the narrator tells the story in the native tongue which is quite fascinating to listen to, much different than any other widespread modern language.The negative aspect of the game is the AI and the controls. The AI sometimes tries to preempt your movement and will move too much. It gets annoying when you need the fox and the girls at different positions and the AI will move instead of stay. The Controls: they use the mouse for the bola, and it's very hard to get an accurate aim, takes a couple of tries to hit a target. Additionally, most of the controls are used only with your left hand, so it takes a bit of getting used to.I enjoy the game for its story, essentially you are playing a movie  and you're supporting Alaskan First Nation culture with the purchase. It's wonderful!"
76561198007577982,Recommended,295790,13191537,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Early Cuyler,"An original. Beautifully done story telling. With documentary style clips as achievements. Well done graphics, with a puzzle style gameplay that requires switching between characters. Worth checking out, and supporting the indie developers!"
76561198020560920,Recommended,295790,13225130,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,HalftoneZer0,This is something new. I love the educational approach to this game. Educational and entertaining. It's not without it's issues those are completely overshadowed by the uniqueness of this experience on a whole.
,Recommended,295790,13220603,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Gamerwolfseven,An interesting storytelling and platforming game.
,Recommended,295790,13152831,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Nokcturna,Absolutely beautiful! I love it! It's also great to learn more about the Alaska Native stories and the Iñupiat people :)
,Recommended,295790,13152992,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,OrangeyChocolate,"What's it about?Never Alone (Kisima Ingithuna)is a 2.5D puzzle platformer based around Alaska Native stories and culture. You play as Nuna, a young Alaska Native girl, and Fox, her four-legged vulpine friend (I call him Pat) as they journey across the tundra and ice floes of Alaska in their quest to uncover the source of the savage blizzards that are threatening their very existance.How does it play?As previously mentioned, the game is a 2.5D platformer, by which I mean it takes place on a 2D plane with backgrounds in full 3D. It can be played in local co-op, with one player controlling Nuna and the other handling Fox, or single-player with the player switching between the characters at the touch of a button.The puzzles are not too difficult, though they do take a few tries to get right, and they use the environment well. Each character has their own set of skills that you uncover as you progress through the game. Nuna can push heavy objects and throw a magical bola to destroy ice barriers, while Fox can scramble up high walls, perform wall jumps and get the spirits of the land to help you out.The game has some AI problems, with the character you're not controlling sometimes doing some stupid things like casually hopping off a platform or forgetting to brace in the wind. These problems were apparently worse at launch and a patch has since addressed some of the issues, but it is not perfect. The platforming also feels a little bit heavy, which makes sense when you consider the characters are not superbeings. I prefer platforming to be more dynamic, but this is just personal taste. Nuna's bola is also awkward to aim when using a controller, since you have to tilt the right thumbstick away from and then towards your target. I didn't play with mouse and keyboard, but the game apparently works just fine with them.How does it look?Never Aloneruns on the Unity engine, so it should run just fine on any system. Its a lovely-looking game, with glistening ice and whirling snow bringing the harsh landscape to life, aided by good-quality textures. Animation quality is somewhat lacking, but the character models have a pleasingly cartoony look to them and fur is pretty well rendered on Nuna's coat and Fox's body.Cutscenes between stages are animated in a traditional native art style, which made me think of shadow puppet plays. While I respect what they were trying to achieve, I ultimately thought that these looked a lot worse than the game itself, and actually detatched me from the experience. I think the cutscenes would have been better had they been done in the game engine but, again, this is down to personal preference.How does it sound?The narrator delivers the story in his native tongue (I don't know what it's called, forgive my ignorance) with a voice that seems to carry the wisdom of thousands of years. It is not reactive in the way thatBastionwas, but does a good job of giving relevance to your actions and progress. The music grants the game a feeling of loneliness and isolation that makes me think of the Phendrana Drifts zone in the Gamecube classicMetroid Prime, and the howling winds of the blizzards are brilliantly realised. You can almost feel the biting cold as each gust of wind threatens to send you flying over an edge or aides you in crossing a wide chasm.Long story shortNever Aloneis a lovely game. It is only a couple of hours long, yet it seems to be just the right length; not outstaying its welcome but not leaving the player gagging for more. The AI could have done with just a little more tweaking and a couple of glitches could be fixed (there were a couple of times when I clipped through a wall or across a gap), but the experience of the game is one to savour. There are several videos that give you some insight into the Alaska Native culture, which you can view ingame after finding them (I recommend you wait until you've finished the game before viewing them). Overall,Never Aloneis by no means perfect, but is a heartwarming tale, ideal for the cold winter nights ahead."
,Recommended,295790,13155092,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Relithe,"This is what indie gaming is all about. This game is equal parts educational, emotional, and fun to play. The mini-documentaries are fascinating and the Inuit storytelling in the Inuit language is absolutely, without a doubt phenomanal (I can never spell that word right).This should be on every self-respecting gamer's 'Must Play' list, especially if you value and see games as an art form."
,Recommended,295790,13063371,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Kim Jong Il [GWJ],"Emotionally moving, gorgeous art design, the way the protagonists are animated... WOW.Gameplay: Platforming Co-op Puzzler...think side scrolling ""Brothers"" except more beautiful.  Its not a slight, its a compliment.  I loved ""Brothers""Story: I'm only 2 hours in, and it seems like your typical Native American person vs nature vs herself kinda deal.  That said... the plot isn't what pulls you in... its everything else they do... the gameplay is used as a vehicle to tell the story... the co-op gameplay weaves its way into the relationship between the Fox and the girl.  The Native American guy telling the story in the background in his native tongue while subtitles are popping appeals to my silly hipster sensibilities...I'm thrilled to have played this game.  If you liked Brothers.... you'll love or at least like-a-lot this game."
,Recommended,295790,13065028,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Mothrich,Great atmospheric experience. Worth playing. But i think that this game was not tested :). Some weird bugs.
,Recommended,295790,13051595,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,androidea,"This game is beautiful and, for the most part, a lot of fun.  I agree with other commenters that the AI is HERP DERP terrible at times.  Whichever character wasn't active routinely walked into murderous ghosts, off platforms it took forever to get them onto, etc.  I imagine it's a lot less frustrating in multiplayer, as it was primarily switching between characters that tripped me up during the surprisingly hard intense chase scenes.  The chase scenes were HARD, and often came out of nowhere, but I think the game did a good job of allowing you to progress by giving you frequent checkpoint saves, so I didn't lose much progress when I died about 8000 times in a row in one particularly tough chase.  Overall, I thought the game was so incredibly gorgeous, from the depictions of spirits to the soundtrack to the documentary sections to the warm heart of the story.  Highly recommend, if you have the patience to deal with some frustration."
,Recommended,295790,15156172,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,IvanEBC,"If a review is negative - ignore it, they are part of the ever increasing whinging PC crowd - the type who say ..""WHAT?! GTA5 is delayed by a month? Well screw Rockstar, i'm gonna pirate it""*This is a wonderful game, hell i'm only a few levels in, it doesn't matter if i get stuck on a puzzle, i hope i don't, it doesn't matter if someone says the controls ain't working for them, they work for me. Yeah everyone will get their own mileage, what's important to understand here is you will learn about a people here, a world we will never get to live, may never get to understand, and yet, is a part of this world we live in, i can only hope for more games like this.I'm ready for more.* actual quote"
,Recommended,295790,15248995,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Bolt_Senpai,"I haven't beaten this game, but I love it so far. But one problem is, I have to play it on a mac, because when i open it on my PC, the screen goes black, the mouse goes into a blue loading circle, then it crashes. Anyone know how to fix that?"
,Recommended,295790,15130449,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,OOOHNOOO,"It's like watching a movie, but better. Played together with my 2 years old watching, he sounded very much into the game. a must to play in familly !"
,Recommended,295790,15141843,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,goodbyebird,"Beautiful story, but bogged down in some unfortunate game mechanics/buggy places. And no remappable keys :(I'd still recommend it though!"
,Recommended,295790,14790530,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,ioquatix,This was a fun game to play with my wife. We enjoyed the genuine cultural elements of the game and the atmosphere this created.
,Recommended,295790,14791905,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Tianyi,Really amazing!
,Recommended,295790,14896524,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,snowbalance,"Could not be more lovely. A short little game. Beautiful and, at times, emotional and poignant. Native Alaskan stories deftly interwoven into gameplay. Art, music, everything on point. Wowww <3"
,Recommended,295790,14833895,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Kid Zombie,"Never Alone is an interesting approach to the puzzle-platformer with some innovative techniques in two-character gameplay.It suffers from being poorly optimized however, which pulls the gamer out of the experience at times.I did enjoy learning about the Eskimo culture however, I would like more games with accurate histories that were actually fun to play like Never Alone."
,Not Recommended,295790,15043061,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,psimitry,"For a game as visually beautiful and full of atmosphere as this is, the game itself, well.. kinda sucks. The visuals, as mentioned before are stellar. I am not exaggerating when I say that this game is gorgeous. The sound, likewise, is amazing. This game really could be described as a work of art.Now if the game wasn't so full of bugs and bad play mechanics, it might actually be a joy to play. Right about the point where you start to get into the meat of the game, it becomes an exercise in frustration. From bugs that prevent moving forward because of bad wall/ledge detection, to a stupendously BAD aiming/shooting mechanic for the bolo, this game sets you in places where it's almost impossible to progress. A shame because everything else about the game, from the wonderful cultural videos, to the amazing stylistic storytelling, to the aforementioned beautiful visuals, is PERFECT.But the game is so fricking frustrating I simply cannot recommend it for purchase."
,Recommended,295790,14983945,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Foxxy,I loved this game. It might be considered short but I think it's length is perfect for the story it's telling. I highly recommend this if you want something cute and fun for a Sunday afternoon.
,Recommended,295790,14986438,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Lallie,"Never Alone is a gorgeous and atmospheric story that follows the adventures of Nuna and her fox. The gameplay and the puzzles involved are engaging and although the game is a little on the short side, it is still fun to play.If you're a lover of art like myself, you will really appreciate this game. The artworks are stunning and the character designs really draw you into the world of the Iñupiat people. The cultural, insights that you can unlock through playing the game, delve deep into the world of Native Alaskan lore, which actually makes you want to learn more about the culture and the people.Overall I really enjoyed this game and would recommend it to anyone who is into this genre or style of game. Definitely a good buy if you can catch it on sale."
76561198024096919,Recommended,295790,15219894,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Roxy,"A charming game with a lovely art style about a young girl accompanied by a fox to find the source of a blizzard. A little on the short side (7 hours gameplay and I've unlocked all the achievements and viewed all the videos), but it by no means detracts from the story. I haven't tried co-op mode yet, but I can see that would definately increase the replayability. Thoughtful puzzles and platforming. 8/10. Would definately reccomend."
,Recommended,295790,15256443,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,niall,Very Good. Similar feel and mechanics to Limbo. Best played in co-op with a friend. Story and bonus content both interesting.
,Recommended,295790,13369884,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,symphonicStoryteller,Beautifully atmospheric game that clearly puts in a lot of effort to tell a story that is true to its roots. It has some control difficulty but nothing that gave any serious frustration.
,Recommended,295790,13371666,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,SDMono,"Great little game. The art style is very nice... it's beautiful!!! It is pretty short but my girlfriend and I had a lot of fun playing the game together!!! Besides the actual game you also get a lot of cultural information. Give it a try, you won't regret it!!!"
,Recommended,295790,13366591,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,mr g,:)
76561198028750871,Recommended,295790,19324063,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Iceweazel,"A rather interesting take on gaming.  Starts out like a casual with some easy puzzles and action, but starts ramping up quickly and introducing character swapping as well.Interwoven with videos about aboriginal Alaskan peoples and their culture.  So far I'm having a good time, though I have gotten stuck once or twice.  No bugs so far.If you like platformers (not too hard yet) check it out.-Supports Linux-buy the combo with the DLC and the free soundtrack, it appears to be the best deal."
76561198084961980,Recommended,295790,19324601,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,|NeX| Revengeance,"Fantastic game, but its glitchy. I have the single player controller bug where switching between characters will select them both. I can restart the game and it is fine, but it quickly has the same glitch again. Really need a fix on this, I can't progress through the story like this. Otherwise lovely game, great idea, and if you use a keyboard you'll be fine. But this controller glitch has been out there for a long time from what I've seen. Please fix."
,Recommended,295790,19322529,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,chevelledesu,"This game is so beautifully detailed, even the short videos you can watch are interesting.  I reccomend this, especially if you have children, my son couldn't take his eyes off the screen while I played and even enjoyed the learningm cultural bits."
76561198031875543,Recommended,295790,19312826,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Poliban,"Beautiful game, and the documentaries are just amazing"
76561198060756215,Recommended,295790,19339140,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Kidicarus,Beautiful artwork full of culture and other extra goodies.
76561198137897095,Recommended,295790,19348153,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Olya,"The art style is very cute, and the story really engages you! This is one of my favorite games, especially since a friend can play with you to solve the puzzles. =D"
,Recommended,295790,14651817,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,xzeonn,Beautiful game. Real background stories from people about the culture and land make it more alive. The music is great. The story and story-telling are marvelous!Controls are tough sometimes (especially bola and jumping in the wind sequences) so it requires some patience.
,Recommended,295790,19383540,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,OHeron,"Strikingly beautiful, fulfilling educational content, challenging puzzles, super fun in 2-player mode. 100% recommend."
,Not Recommended,295790,19355809,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,harambe1,"Poorly designed control system, and several bugs in the game"
76561198020319119,Not Recommended,295790,19356790,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,JamJelly,"I love the context behind this game. However, for the game itself. the poorly constructed controls which are imprecise, clunky and at the later portions simply too slow. Renders this game a near impossibility to play by yourself."
,Recommended,295790,20937414,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,jaguar's soul,"i love it!!! it is rich w storytelling and culture, highly educational and honestly a good relief from the white centered society we live in. would definitely recommend it to others!!!"
,Not Recommended,295790,20867004,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,halestorm01,"The game, while it does have an okay story behind it if you like story based games, doesn't have much else going for it. the game is broken in certain areas where you try to make a jump to a platform and start to glitch out on screen until you die and have to restart at the previous checkpoint. for it's price I absolutely cannot recommend it but if you are ever able to find it for a few bucks and you're looking for a good story, you might enjoy yourself. That's assuming you don't get frustrated by the glitches in the game."
76561198142178875,Not Recommended,295790,20738418,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,i-am-joel,The AI is horrible in this game. I'm sure as co-op it would be fantastic. but playing single player is an never-ending nightmare of one frustrating game mechanic to another. I simply cannot wait to finish this game so I can delete it. The beautiful art direction was unforuntatly no distraction from the simply un-playable and frustrating controls. It seems this game was designed as a multi player game and the single player is rushed and frustratingly clunky.
76561198147652793,Not Recommended,295790,20753593,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Mimi,"I expected to be blown away by this game. Needless to say I'm really dissapointed. The controls were blocky, and I found myself not caring about the story or the characters. The only character I really cared about was the fox and by the end of the game I could care less about him."
,Recommended,295790,16607006,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Zincoshine,"Excellent Co-op game, way better than Ibb and Obb. There is a single player option but it doesn't play well. if you have a friend to play with and a controller to play the game with, I recommend this."
,Recommended,295790,16607510,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Caigun,"It's a beautiful, fascinating and mesmerizing introduction to a very interesting culture.10/10"
76561197970090151,Recommended,295790,13056673,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Schlupp,"very atmospheric! nice game for two, playing cooperative multiplayer."
,Recommended,295790,13056748,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,The Lord Of Fun,"On a purely technical level this is an average game. It's a pretty by-the-numbers pair puzzle platformer, though the option to play co-op at any time is nice. I encountered some glitches here and there and it was sometimes difficult to trigger the right action for the game to progress, but what made this game shine was its identity; it's all about the stories and culture of native Alaska. In this respect, it's the best edutainment game I've ever played.A lot of focus and effort has been put into steeping this game in native Alaskan culture and it was immensely satisfying to learn so much about a people I had known nothing about while playing the game. While the game is not pushing any boundaries graphically, it is stylistically a very pretty game.It's a short game (I completed it with all achievements in 3 hours in no particular rush) and not one with much replay value once you've found all the collectibles, but the price is well worth it just for the culture/history lesson on its own."
76561198031813855,Recommended,295790,13059975,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Eddy,"Beautiful and cute. For me, the attraction of this game comes from the incredible atmosphere, the graphics are simplistic but look great nonetheless, while the animations are absolutely perfect. Practically every scene is believable and the story drives you on.The documentary clips are optional which I really appreciate. They are very interesting and definitely worth watching, but would destroy the atmosphere were they played automatically.Gameplay-wise, this is a basic two-character platformer where both characters are required to solve the puzzles presented to you. Most of the time, the puzzles are quite simple, though sometimes you are distracted by surplus platforms or an unfortunate view prevents you from seeing the solution. Later in the game, the single-player difficulty rises significantly, as rapid switching and accurate control of the characters is required due to timers in the scene. It's quite short however, I played it through in less than four hours and I'm really bad playing platformers.Use a controller, this game won't be fun with a keyboard."
76561198004188394,Recommended,295790,13060906,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Merci,Awesome beautiful game!
,Recommended,295790,13061496,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,donAllister,"I've seen a bit of debate on this game. Gamespot gave it a crappy 4/10, Eurogamer gave it a 10/10. Well, I for one agree wholeheartedly with Eurogamer. This game was really enjoyable to play, the controls were fine, the game was pretty and the story was enjoyable and full of life. Oh, and there were some sort of videos about the culture the story came from and the characters in the story. It's like, educational. Really enjoyed it and I would recommend. I could see kids really getting into this and learning something while they're at it."
,Recommended,295790,15011306,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,DrMcCoy,"Beautiful game and story, but a little buggy and frustrating."
76561198081316409,Recommended,295790,15012964,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,NightWolfe,A truly amazing and unique game. Not to mention educational.
,Recommended,295790,15015088,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Lily of the Sword,"To anyone who likes Puzzle/Platformers, get this. The story is pretty neat, the music is nice and the gameplay is cool. Definitely get a controller and a buddy to play with. There are a couple of parts where utilizing the local  co-op would have made things so much easier. The only glitch I noticed was some of the falling animation would get stuck but it never caused a character death and only happened a couple of times. Otherwise, beautiful game. I'd get my fiance to play it with me just so he could see it and I could play it again."
,Recommended,295790,15069010,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Gremoth,A beautiful game of cultural learning. It has such a great story line in which you develop a highier understanding of the culture. Plenty of mind puzzles and fast-paced chases. Lovely little game for anyone who likes to learn and play at the same time.
76561197964373272,Recommended,295790,15023365,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Ninjazz,"Overall an entertaining and interesting game, though not without it's faults.(For those interested in seeing the game in action there's a video link below.)TLDR: Overall if you're a fan of interesting indie games, particularly side scrollers, I'd give it a shot. If that's not your cup of tea, a pass then, or wait for a sale.PROS-Beautiful (though at times a bit repetitive) graphics.-Sound and ""music"" works well enough for the game.-Interesting premise and original story-Lots of cultural infoCONS-Camera can be a bit slow.-Companion AI is at times...lacking.-Mid-Late game puzzles repetitive.-inconsistencies-Some issues with plot vs what's happening on screen.I'll try to make this brief. Overall the game is fun to play, and looks great. The main characters are enjoyable (at first anyways) and there's a lot of interest built on the culture and stories of the Inupiat people, and it's worked well into a game, for the most part. The game mechanics work well together (for the most part) though they're a bit overused in parts.My major grievances with the game are really mostly minor. First, the camera can lag behind the characters at times (particularly when sliding or climbing) leading you to slide completely off the screen. Normally it wasn't a problem but I did die once or twice from this, as I slid off the screen and fell into a pit of water.Second, let's talk about that pit of water... one issue that rather irks me is the overall inconsistency. You barely touch water in the first part of the game and you die. The next part of the game... you're swimming all over the place. After that? Water kills you again. I understand that they want to make certain parts of the game challenging, but mechanics like that just kind of kill immersion or enjoyment since it feels very forced. In this same vein there's some issues with what's being told in the story not showing up on screen. Not to give anything away, but let's just sayif you tell me my character is supposed to be carrying some big object, I expect to see that, not just her running around like normal.If I'm ""inside of an area"" *cough*not spoiling it*cough*  that logically would not be full of ice caves, why does it look like ice caves?The partner AI generally doesn't pose too much of a problem but there were some times I was getting rather irritated by it, and in fact a few times where it killed me.Finally, my last issue with the game is that mi-late game (about 60-70% through) The ""puzzles"" start looking pretty much the same. They start to become more tedious than anything else, and they're setup in such a way it kind of breaks the flow of the game.As I stated though, despite my explaining them out like this, the problems weren't really that major. I did enjoy the game a lot, and would recommend it, though the game's a bit short. My play time lasted a little over 2 hours.If you're on the fence about it I'd suggest waiting until it's on sale, but it's still a pretty decent game overall.For those of you who like ratings, I'd give it about a 73%.Youtube Play:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=412836881"
,Recommended,295790,15554252,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,rainbowfyres,"Never Alone is a the story of an Inuit girl chasing the reason for a horrible, never ending blizzard.Beautiful, capitivating and educational. I learned a lot though the videos included in the game.Challenging at times but usually I felt calm and surrounded by how beautiful it is.I recommend playing this game where there are little to no distractions or noise, and possibly when you can shut off the lights. Great story. I highly recommend playing and watching the videos."
76561198009556255,Recommended,295790,15418852,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Xeirus,Great game. Interesting videos. Great co-op with your significant other.
,Recommended,295790,15692552,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,MidnightAnubis,"This is one of the best Indie Games I've played in 2015, next to Shovel Knight. With great music, fantastic visuals, and a good balance of puzzle-solving and platforming, it's one of the best games to have on Steam.HOWEVER, this game is about 4 hours long if you're not looking to complete the game, there are numerous glitches throughout the whole game(including one where I fell through the floor in the Giants level), and I had some input/collision issues such as pressing the buttons needed to grab onto an object but it didn't work and I died.I do recommend this game and I think it's still one of the best, but at $16 CAD, I'd recommend waiting for it to go on sale before purchasing it."
,Recommended,295790,15423548,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,On-3,"What a breath of fresh air this game was. A true pleasure to play. Not too difficult, not too easy. It moves at steady pace. I played a little of it every other day and throughly enjoyed the whole thing! I'd suggest anyone looking for a kind of relaxing platformer with and interesting story pick this right up! You'll learn something about a culture you may have no clue existed and you'll have a great time doing it! Highly recomended!"
,Recommended,295790,16020156,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Sminkle,"Amazing story, beautiful art, challenging puzzles and co-op gameplay available!"
,Recommended,295790,14030390,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Gofflon,"It's a beautiful game sharing insights into a culture most of us know little to nothing about. It's neither long nor all too challenging, but embedding the lessons into this plattformer makes learning more about the inuit all the more engaging. Worth every penny if you see value in experiences rather than pure time spent playing."
,Recommended,295790,14266061,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,morvium,Fantastic little game filled with cultural insights and storytelling.
,Recommended,295790,14269158,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,outhertree,"its such a cute little game. the documentary videos, and story is really nice, given the cultural background. i definitly appreciate it as an American Indian. but if you can play in co-op mode with someone else, it can be a nice date night. ^_^"
76561198171717115,Recommended,295790,14292116,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,joe99501,I must say from an Alaskans point of view very impressive.
,Not Recommended,295790,14302173,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,p_nut_uk,"I wanted to like this game, I really did but at the end I was ultimately left disappointed and 'disappointing' is the word I'd use to describe this game.Pros:Great visual styleCons:Story is quite dullControls are unresponsive and frustratingVery expensive for what it is"
76561197970315632,Not Recommended,295790,14302436,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Loulou,"First of all, its a great game, i like the graphics and the story BUT the controls destroy ALL fun in this game!!Its optimized for console and not for PC, so its a very frustrating experience in some levels."
,Recommended,295790,14304126,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Re'Animated,"The game is a pretty platformer in a very interesting setting that doesn't receive attention. It is a short and wonderfully crafted gamification of a folk tale. The informational videos about the tribe are a nice addition that allows for some educational gaming.It feels like Limbo: the gameplay is nothing special, clumsy at moments, but the game as a whole is a unique charming experience.It is built around (and really should be played) as a co-op game. While single-player is totally possible, it’s not quite as fun since the AI tends to make bad decisions, making it necessary to switch between characters at awkward moments. Definitely recommend playing with a friend."
,Recommended,295790,14304534,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Lausanna,"This a great game that combines interactive storytelling with platforming. I really enjoyed learning about the Iñupiat from the story and the unlockable videos. This work stands a proof that games as a medium can be so much more than just entertainment.The world is beautiful. I especially love the animations of the fox. which were really well done and help to illuminate the connection between the fox and the girl.The gameplay itself was enjoyable, though towards the end the platforming becomes much more difficult and in some places downright tedious. There was a lot of trial and error involved. If you aren't a big fan of platformers (I'm not) you'll want a good deal of patience. Getting to see the story unfold is well worth it, and you'll want to unlock the videos for the learning experience.I've read in a few places that there was some difficulty with the controls, but I had no trouble with them. Playing in single player I found it very easy to switch between the fox and the girl, and most of the difficulty with the platform came from poor timing and unexpected dangers.I really hope to see more games like this one in the future."
76561197997969723,Recommended,295790,13034983,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,ColonelSidequest,"This is a lovely little game (6 hours) with no replay value so don't set your expectations too high in terms of game length... but that said, I recommend the game for it's quality and beauty.  I like it's artful style and the story it tells."
,Recommended,295790,13628669,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,StefyRaRa,"Play. This. Game. The art is beautiful, it's a wonderful story, and I actually learned quite a bit about tne Inupiat culture while playing, and it didn't take away from gameplay one bit! The gameplay is a puzzle platformer, not unlike Brothers, where you control each character separately, though not simultaneously. Fox is a better jumper and can make spirit platforms appear and move, but Nuna has the bola, your weapon/door smashing device. There's not really any combat♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ more like escaping/puzzle based boss fights, which are challenging enough to make you think, but not hard enough for raging. This game is definitely a must play. Educational, fun, and an absolute joy to look at. Nuna and the fox are two best friends on a heck of a journey you simply cannot miss! :D"
,Recommended,295790,13630067,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,DireMuffin,"This is a lovely game.Tl;dr: ok gameplay, very pretty, great story, fascinating culturally. Worth playing.I love a game you can co-op in an evening, and this fits the bill - however, the gameplay itself leaves something to be desired. Occasionally buggy, and with some pretty finicky controls, it's a pretty standard platformer with some cool puzzles.The aesthetics are awesome. Gorgeous scenery and cool effects and scenes, the whole thing really conveys the feel of a blizzard - I loved it.The story itself is based on a Native American Alaskan folk tale, and so it's filled with all kinds of cool cultural insights I wouldn't normally encounter. In every level you encounter at least one owl that unlocks an ""insight"" - a video that details one aspect of the game, culture, or story - and that gives the entire game a more interesting aspect. It's super cool.In the grand scheme, this is an educational game introducing you to a culture through a folk tale - but while the gameplay doesn't exactly shine, they do an excellent job with the rest to make it fun and really worth the time."
,Recommended,295790,13620416,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Raven Venefica,"I absolutely loved this game. The cultural insight and inspiration for the game is exceptionally unique and beautiful. It is the main reason I wanted to play it, as I highly enjoy games that teach or inform, especially about things that are not greatly known or stories that are not widespread. I come from an MLIS/museum studies background and this game is wonderful at developing meaning making while being interactive and challenging. I would highly suggest it for classrooms/libraries/museums to offer for kids as a fun, informative, teaching story. That being said, adults can certainly enjoy this game and story as well.From a gaming perspective, there are a few snags here and there. Sometimes the AI isn't that bright but most of the time it works flawlessly. I had a few issues with not grabbing ledges when I should have. I also fell through the map once. The game doesn't take a great amount of time to play and may not hold much replay value, but the beauty, story, emotion, and the cultural insights are remarkable and more than make up for the few snags I ran into. It is well worth it to spend a few bucks and enjoy a great little game and story, as well as exapnd your cultural perspective. Wonderful and beautiful."
76561198136183865,Recommended,295790,13620841,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,theahmedah,right into the action from the begining of the game a polar bear chase you!so here i'll say the pros and cons of the gamepros:+some chases that happen in the game+platforming and switching between characters+ it has some interesting mythology and get exposed to something new (it's entertainment with benifit)+ and i didn't know a white fox existedcons:-AI bugs in the single player for some instances the other character decides to jump and die on me- although the story is complete but the game is so short like 3 hrs long and it's pricey right now
,Recommended,295790,13625191,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Tripps,I really liked this game. Hope we see more episodes to come. Two player co-op (single screen) with keyboard and xbox controller worked like a charm. Great experience for an adult and child to play together. Fantastic game.
,Recommended,295790,13591210,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,SCORPION2000,Verry good and fun game with some intresting history of the Alaska native people.The game has for the moast part good controls.I recommend this game!
,Recommended,295790,13641597,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Mark,"Its a short game being less than 2hrs but its good. Art Style is superb, gameplay is limited. Worth a try at a cheaper price. Documentries included are good though."
,Not Recommended,295790,19637854,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Kipex,"Opened up Never Alone blind with no knowledge of what it was about. Technically the game looks and runs great (200+ fps). It clearly knew the style it was going for and did it beautifully. However this type of game needs to pull me in emotionally, which Never Alone unfortunately didn't. I tried to continue playing the game, but felt the gameplay was rather bland which didn't leave me with much to like other than the visual style of it all.I can definitely see why a lot of people really like the game, but it just wasn't for me."
76561198097985222,Not Recommended,295790,19578391,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Yiehcmahn,"I was reccomended this game by a friend who said it was good, so I checked it out, thought it looked cool, and figured, ""eh, why not?"" Then I bought it. A lot of people say it's a documentary, and they are right. It feels more like a playable episode of national geographic. I personally dont really care about the story behind it or all the ""cultural insights"" that this game has ( I think I watched like 3 of them and then ignored the rest). The cultural insights were well produced though so there's that. But I was at least expecting the gameplay to be good, and well, it really wasn't.It ramps up in difficulty pretty well but it's just a really boring game overall. A lot of times you are just walking in a straight line an huddling in the snow every other couple of seconds to avoid getting pushed back and making this game longer. It isn't long by the way, I beat it in around 4 hours. And those 4 hours were not at once I literally had to force myself to play this game. I bought this game last december and I just beat it at the time of this review. That's how much I didn't like this game lol. Anyway, this game is really repetitive and I got bored really quick. Not to mention that this game is glicthy at times, and I died by being flung into the water for no reason like 5 times. The controls aren't that great, they feel kinda stiff and hard to control right. Platforming is more frustrating than fun because of that.Also, I dont know about anyone else but I was having really bad preformance problems with this game. I could never get it to stay at 60fps for more than 10 minutes before it would dip to 10 or 15 for some reason. Made the game that much less fun. I had to put the Vsync at half and lock at 30 for it to work, but that seemed to fix the game.To conclude, I wouldn't recommend this game. I guess if you really want to try it or are interested in the Cultural Insights then wait for it to go on sale and pick it up, this game is worht about 5 bucks in my eyes since there isnt that much gameplay content. Just remember that it's a little buggy and gets boring pretty quick.Hope this is helpful to anyone!"
76561198243573150,Not Recommended,295790,25826853,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,GenaTheGringo,"First thought: Oh that's cool. I like the artstyle. I think the story will be cool.Second thought: Boy, the AI is bad. Playing this solo is a torture, the other character keeps walking of the ledge or get's itself trapped by the most basic jump.Third thought: Repetitive.Fourth thought: Story is more boring than my last summer which I spent working.Fifht thought: Does alt+f4 work on this one?"
76561198107258071,Recommended,295790,25775869,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Ax,"I got this at an 80% discount, which I now kinda regret so I'll be shelling out for the DLC.  It's a really beautiful game.  I didn't encounter any hiccups with the controls (except for some time-based sections that are irritating to play single-player since the NPC doesn't always realize to AVOID threats), the story kept me invested despite a few (obviously cultural) narrative quirks, and it's absolutely the kind of game I'll replay just for the pleasure of it.  One aspect that I really like about games like this is controlling two characters who are looking after one another, so if you find that really annoying then this might not be the game for you, but bear in mind the AI is mostly spot on.  I only occasionally needed to switch around because one or the other was struggling with an obstacle, and there are only one or two onscreen at once so it never felt obnoxious to me since it could take several screens before a problem even occurred.  I mostly controlled Nuna, because I got the impression that the fox's AI was more flexible, and it turned out to be a mostly smooth playthrough.My only major criticism is in late game when the gameplay changes up a bit.  It's a natural evolution of the mechanics, but I just didn't like it.  (Major spoilers follow:)I was really glad that my fox pal wasn't dead, but it was almost hard to be happy about that when his controls were so different and, for me, much harder to control.  For one, his ability to manipulate the environment, which had been automatic before, was now tediously under my control--which I understand for branches I have to move in specific directions, but not for the orbs that had effortlessly followed him in his fox form or platforms that moved along a specific path according to how close or far away he was.  I probably wouldn't have been as annoyed with this if he and his ability were easier to direct.Regardless, I otherwise especially loved the first part of the game and look forward to Foxtales."
,Recommended,295790,25437186,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,joshykautz,Incredible Artwork and Story; deep cultural insights. Definitely a game I won't forget having played. Absolutely worth getting on sale.
,Recommended,295790,25480503,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,hoserama99,"Thinking back on this, I'm not sure a simple thumbs-up/down will adequately express my take, but here goes...First, I liked the concept. I can't think of too many things that explore Inuit culture, so this feels like a rare diamond in that regard. I was pretty excited to give this a shot.The artwork is reasonably well done, to the extent that you'd expect from a land of ice and snow. There are nice bits concerning the northern lights in particular, adding some variety to things.The game itself is a 2.5D-ish platformer, with the twist that you'll be alternating control between 2 characters throughout the bulk of your play. This is where the problems start for me.Since you'll be controlling either the girl or the fox, I found that I frequently couldn't tell which one had control. When you're quickly flipping back and forth between them, an indicator (a glow ring - something!) to highlight which one has control would help a lot.The controls also seemed a bit mushy and imprecise. This led to many deaths. In fact, I don't recall dying as much in any other game as this one. Platformers are not my strong suit - or my favorite genre - so maybe it's me, but it seemed pretty unforgiving. Worse, some areas require quick reflexes so as not to die and I felt the control scheme was not up to it.Finally, the story. I enjoyed it quite a bit. The pairing of the girl and the fox was very well done. Without spoiling things, it felt like it was drained of emotional impact about 2/3rds of the way through. By the time I got to the end, it had gotten pretty crazy and I'm not sure I cared too much.So - can I recommend it? This is tough but I'd give this a 2.5 out of 5. If the controls were more fluid, it'd be an easy recommendation. Assuming I just suck at platformers, I'll cautiously recommend it for that reason."
76561198210311912,Not Recommended,295790,25933746,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,JurorNumber8,"Beauiful game despite actually quite simple graphics which don't look simple somehow.   I love the concept of telling the inuit stories too.So far so good, but ultimately this game was frustrating; it feels like there are ridiculously hard parts which aren't really meant to be; probably because the control responsiveness is really NOT good at all.    Like other reviewers I got truly stuck at the ice / polar bear cave, and frankly gave up as it wasn't fun anymore.I'm a pretty casual gamer, just play to unwind and escape.   While I don't mind difficult games, that should be cause it's a hard puzzle (or requires great timeing/reactions) not because you have to pull of the same hard task (with poor controls) many, many times in a row to complete a task."
76561198042219693,Recommended,295790,27462548,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,L.orD,9 / 10 :) :) :) !!!!!!!!
,Recommended,295790,27392422,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Keule,"The game is not as exciting, but the short movies about Intuit's culture is even more exciting. So you play on and on in hope to activate more short movies. It'S a cute jump 'n' run game with extraordinary background movies.So buy it and have a glance into Inuit's culture!"
76561198025030115,Recommended,295790,19882696,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Katx,"After playing Brothers, I figured I'd try this co-op game. I haven't tried playing it using a controller, but the default keyboard settings are definitely not for everyone. The characters are adorable, and the cultural insights are very interesting & educational. I recommend the game to those who are intrigued about the story and have enough patience to deal with a number of glitches. There are times when I'd make Nuna jump next to a wall to reach a higher platform, and she'd get stuck in the air flailing her arms. She would then freeze for a second, and just drop. Another annoyance is that when you step close to the edge, your character starts flailing around making it hard to do a run + jump. These happen a lot more often in the 2nd half of the game, and I end up exiting the game because the glitches make it hard to progress. I still intend to finish it for the story."
76561197961269575,Recommended,295790,27374678,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,BinaryPackFailure,Beautiful and atmospheric with a great soundtrack.  Felt like it honors Alaskan tradition and the roots of the developers who had a great story to tell.Don't like that there's a tiny DLC that has to be purchased separately though.
,Recommended,295790,24802889,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Adriwisler,"This is an okay game with a very good story. It is half cultural documentary, and half gameplay inspired by such folk stories.The Art Direction is great, but the controls feel slow. It isn't very gameplay heavy, and you kind of just get bored by repeating things over and over that aren't challenging.It is good enough to make me want to finish it, it is a fantastic homage to the people it was made for, and quite stylish, but there isn't riveting or exciting gameplay to be found.I played it in Single PLayer, I would def reccomend for a parent/child first game scenerio, absolutely"
,Recommended,295790,24915744,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,dumpBikes,Great story telling game and somewhat good platform game.
76561197976349940,Recommended,295790,24916322,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,RedisSupreme(TC),It's a simple platforming game that can only be described as charming. As expensive as two movies and just as long. Kisima Ingitchuna has small flaws here and there that you can't help but forgive for the warm story it tells. Even for people who don't normally gravitate towards artistic titles. Be sure to pick it up if its on sale.
,Not Recommended,295790,25018661,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Fawn,"I got this a little while ago because I heard really good things about it and it looked like a really nice play but after playing it for a bit, I grew kind of annoyed with it. I stopped playing it for a while because of my frustration but I got back into it today just for a little and I remembered why I stopped playing. Don't get me wrong, it's a decent game with a very interesting story but I gotta say that the bugs and wonky controls really kill it for me. It's very appealing to me visually and it's decent to pass the time but I only really want to finish it just to say I completed it, not because I genuinely enjoy it that much. It becomes kind of stressful after a while with continually dying just because jump mechanics aren't that great and eventually you just end up out of the map which is pretty lame."
76561198010299734,Recommended,295790,22634035,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,JBay,Interactive bed story time to share with your kids in a coop experience. Bonus point for the extra cultural insight about the northen people
76561198013963594,Recommended,295790,22575620,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Vare,"A game based on the stories, culture and mythology of the Iñupiat in Alaska, heavily themes presented there to build the story of a girl and her fox friend as they try to figure out what's going on with the weather.Never Alone is a game that I would recommend to either the younger crowd, or people into stories or mythology.The actual story in the game is rather simplistic, but it provides enough background and tension to keep the pace.In the levels, one may find owls. Each owl found unlocks a short video clip, where Iñupiat people talks about aspecs of their culture and how they relate to the world. While it takes you out of the gameplay, they do provide background inforamtion about the story and does in my opinion enrich the experience.Graphically, it is not the prettiest game out there, but the different styles used in cutscenes and the gameplay complement each other. The game is surprisingly colorful for taking place in a snowstorm, on an iceberg in a snowstorm and in a forest in a snowstorm. The levels are well designed and contain different gimmics, making each area feel unique. The music is feels well adapted to the levels and is well made, but does not stick out for either good or bad.The gameplay is the one thing that really brings down the experience. The controls feel slow and unresponsive at times and the AI controlling the movement of the other character could be improved, especailly in the areas where tey might end up standing on collapsing platforms or in the way of insta-death creatures.Also, the length of the game may be worthwile to take into consideration. 5-8 hours, depending on your level of skill and need to 100% complete it, is not that much.All in all, it's not great, but I would call it a good game for what it is.It's not that long. The gameplay is not the best.But if you are looking for an otherwise well designed and fairly unique story it is well worth it in my opinoin."
76561198077799568,Not Recommended,295790,22638878,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Wolf Man Dan,"The story is great, the extra information about the way of life far outside a city id a great thing to watch and this would have otherwise been one of my top games to play....If it wasnt for the dreadful movement in the game.Unfortunately the movement is not very responsive and because of this you will probably get very angry at being unable to do the simplest of puzzles due to the movement errors.AI will also occasionaly just fail a jump and cause you to go back a bit if you are playing in single player."
,Recommended,295790,22905920,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,NeoTM,"Charming, concise and challenging, this puzzle based journey of friendship and cooperation are well served by strong ties to the source material and clever platforming that is unfortunately locked behind a price that is much too steep for the content it provides."
76561198044472396,Recommended,295790,23027983,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,lerckeman,"A beautiful and story driven platformer with light puzzle elements, condensed into a short (~3 hours) solid experience. Highly recommended!As commonly mentioned, the controls can be ""iffy"" at times, but for me it didn't get to the point of frustration."
76561198032560321,Recommended,295790,23021722,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Fireheart,It's a fun platformer that beautifully showcases a culture that before this I had never heard of - I enjoyed watching the video clips that you can unlock in-game and learning more about a culture that I had never been exposed to (As someone who lives in SEA).Definitely worth buying.
76561198117131165,Recommended,295790,23301298,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,babako,just an amazing game!
76561198035307783,Recommended,295790,27931624,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,adamross,"Beautiful graphics, simple yet effective controls and a great, educational storyline. Definitely worth buying."
76561198054127849,Recommended,295790,25288656,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Vikunja,I Played it with my 6 year old daughter. She really loved. It didn't take long to complete though
,Recommended,295790,25275176,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Melodica,I enjoyed this game. I played it Local Co-Op with my partner and we both enjoyed it. A very sweet story with some challenging aspects. Worth a pick up!
,Recommended,295790,25249793,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Inquisitor Penguin,"This is a great little project, with a lot of heart to it. I recommend it for anyone with an interest in native mythology.I didn't experience any of the glitches or bugs that some complain about having. I had my character get stuck on the geometry and die due to an improper collision 2 or 3 times at most. Nothing game-breaking here. When I failed a section because of this, or another, I was rarely put more than 15 seconds back in time due to the frequent checkpoints.I'm awful at platforming, and I was able to do this without too much trouble. The only area that was difficult for me were the puzzles where you had to switch between the two characters and move them around quickly. I suppose this would be easier if you did it co-op style.All-in-all, good game. The national geographic-style shorts (""insights"") mixed in are a great little bonus."
,Recommended,295790,27316669,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Lorde Kisei,Perfect game with perfect song and wonderful history and magic
76561198152396752,Recommended,295790,19663864,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Zedly,Nice art style and runs great with a unique story that’s tells the tale of a traditional Inuit legend. No glitches from the time I’ve played. 8/10Cons:-The game is way too short even with the dlc that adds maybe 30 minutes to total play time.-Controls need improvement for single player-More of a beat it once and never touch it again type of game
,Recommended,295790,27306293,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Aešma Daeva,Beautiful game. Great people. I recommend it.
76561198061383201,Recommended,295790,27320737,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,IAmBlind,"Probably one of the best games I've played when it comes in terms of having to play with other players and storyline. Along the way you come across new challenges and at the same time, learn new things you probably would of never known in your lifetime. Definitely worth the buy."
76561198115438650,Recommended,295790,27347113,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,dubidutsalad28,Such a great game. Need a hero to play with you. Should not play alone. It's too much.
,Recommended,295790,27369790,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,AkuradX,"Fun game, Its not that long but Its really entertaining. :)"
,Recommended,295790,27076655,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,JunWang,only never alone!
76561198149127807,Recommended,295790,26653588,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,凸(¬‿¬)凸,"Beautiful game, beautiful story, really encouraging and empowering to hear Indigenous languages being spoken. Chi'miigwetch for this game!"
,Recommended,295790,26842349,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sthef,"Great little game, although little short. Wonderful homage to Iñupiaq community and culture."
76561198185374530,Recommended,295790,26848029,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,olive juice,Great game! 10/10! Very well presented and very well played. Some might say it seems a bit to cultural appropriation-y but the game was developed with the people of that tribe.
,Recommended,295790,26876678,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,S9yN37,Game and documentary...
76561197989720550,Recommended,295790,26875252,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Black_HoOd,Amazing game! I recommend this platformer to everyone who like such genre and nice captivating stories! 10/10!
76561197971735781,Recommended,295790,13885495,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Noldus [NOR],This is a great game with an unique atmosphere and the added cultural insights adds to the adventure. The only drawback is the controls which can not be modified.
76561198007086685,Not Recommended,295790,14385337,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Totoro,Interesting game ruined by clunkyn and unresponsive controls
,Not Recommended,295790,14320726,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Aiur,"I really thought I was going to like this game a lot, but when I played it, I didn't really get into it. I quit after an hour or so because I was bored. I has some good visuals I guess, but the controls aren't precise and I didn't like it."
,Not Recommended,295790,14266817,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Tori (freaxy),"I'm sorry, but despite being cute, I've never raged so hard about a game in such a long time. Between glitchy platforms, ropes, terrible AI and mechanics, I just couldn't finish it without wanting to throw something. I was hoping for better. Good thing I got it when it was on sale."
,Not Recommended,295790,14269741,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,wolfofwierdness,"It is really great for the culture that you get to learn.  That said, I found that it had bad collision detection, my fox kept falling thru the world.  If having to restart the level over and over again because the fox keeps falling thru the world would jar you out of the imersion I don't recommend it."
76561198000960362,Recommended,295790,14280721,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Chevic,"So far I have played only the few first seconds. It looks extremely beautiful and I love the athmosphere, but I got stuck at at a part where there is  a fox jumping over the polar bear chasing the main character, the game is paused to a command tutorial, it seems it is  talking about a  character switching command but it's very badly written. It's unintelligible nonsense. I do not understand a thing. You might want to check these command tutorials. Good luck."
76561197980113853,Recommended,295790,14283233,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,We Win Gracie,Great story. We'll told and interesting throughout the game.  Art is top notch.  Very short and easy but worth the 8 bucks that was paid for it.
,Recommended,295790,14283396,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,LlamaDragon,"A lovely work of art, neat story and culture, but frustrating gameplay requiring more than a little trial-and-error even once it becomes clear how to solve some puzzles.  Play it for the art and story, but don't expect too much from the game."
,Recommended,295790,14286148,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,jesper.lindblom,"Like the story, graphics, sound, tone and mood. The gamplay is a bit simple and dragged down by untight controls (mitigated by generous save points). Overall it´s a good experience that doesn´t overstay it´s welcome. Didn´t have a chance to try the co-op but imagine it would be a relaxed and pleasent way to play the game. Recomended."
,Recommended,295790,14323689,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Solusi,"One word...BeautifulPros+Beautiful graphicsThe scenery, the atmosphere, the character...For 2D adventure platform created by indie studios, this is mindblowing.+Multiplayer modeYou can play as Nuna the Inuit women and your friend/brother/sister/son/girlfriend pick the fox or the other way around. Just remember that both character has it own role. If you want to play by yourself, you can chose the singleplayer mode.Con-Aiming problem with the BolaThere are no crosshair or other mark to help you with aiming. Worse, the button for aiming and throwing are same.Despite that problem, Never Alone is a simple yet beautiful game that you must own and play. I'm highly recommend it ""thumbsup"""
,Recommended,295790,14187409,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Terminus Rex,"An edutainment game that's actually pretty fun, and if the subject matter interests you then it's pretty much a must buy."
,Recommended,295790,14289976,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,instant.boy,"I played through the game in one afternoon...I just couldn't stop! The only thing I wish is that it would have been longer, to be honest. The visuals were stunning, bold and subtle by turns - I found myself especially appreciating the little details like how the snow blows differently as a visual cue right before a strong wind. You can definitely feel the love and care that was put into telling this story. There were a couple of places where I wasn't sure what to do (or just couldn't get it the first few times; I'm not that great at platformers) and got a little frustrated, but there's no real penalty for messing up and the mechanics are so fun and the game so engrossing that even having to redo the same sequence a couple of times didn't really draw me out of it. The narration was wonderful, and although I'm not usually interested in watching videos, I was actively searching levels to find and unlock new clips in this game! It was fascinating to learn so much about a culture I've never really been exposed to, to hear their music and stories and beliefs. I would be delighted for a sequel or anything else like this, I really really enjoyed it. I played single-player, which was a little rough at times, switching back and forth too slowly got me killed a couple of times, so I'd love to give this a try with a friend!"
,Recommended,295790,14485033,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,DeLuman,"Good but very short game.  Played it Co-Op and both players had a good experience even though the roles that each player have are a bit different especially towards the end.Graphics are very good, especially engaging when you remind yourself that they really were only using whites and it still looked good.Only problems are the shortness of the game (2.5 hours) and some generally buginess that I ran into.  Character sprites getting stuck on ledges and then falling immediatly afterwards about a thousand mph, which was pretty humorous so I'm willing to forgive."
,Recommended,295790,14567100,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Mr. Finch n' Fox,A really and I mean REALLY great game. If you have the money then deffinetly consider buying it.
76561198042979946,Recommended,295790,14589690,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,achronos0,"It's a work of art and a cultural embassy, and excellent as both of those.I found the gameplay itself enjoyable: it's a simple but elegant platformer, sweet and to the point.The environment and characters are stunningly beautiful.The narrative is archetypal, reinforcing the cultural insights the game is designed around.The two main characters are *adorable*. I'm not often moved by that but you would need a heart of stone not to ""awwww"" at the fox.If you prize long gameplay, a strong challenge and/or adversarial combat -- the game probably will not satisfy you. It is short (I took my time), it is not difficult as platformers go, and the most common enemy is strong wind.However if you highly prize originality, artistry and/or cultural learning -- you will enjoy and almost certainly cherish this game.Also, the gameplay is (now?) perfectly functional.Most of the negative reviews in here are from 2014 and talk about disasterious AI malfunctions and control failures.Those would appear to be completely fixed -- I just played the game through single-player, PC keyboard/mouse, and everything worked smoothly for me."
76561198189436493,Recommended,295790,19748993,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Undefined_Virtue,"A cute, family game.Artwork is excellent and the sound effects make it feel real.You can interchange between the girl and fox, or play with a friend.Personal touches from the developers.I consider myself lucky, to have had the chance to review this game."
76561198154189679,Recommended,295790,19379107,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Miss Quinnzell,<3<3<3
76561198048139638,Recommended,295790,19431322,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Alice Glass,"While the game is farly easy the story is profound and the information that is offered on the rich culture of the people really brings it all together. It's one thing to give the player a ""Find this item and return itto me"" quest, it's quite another to take the time to educate us as the player as to why the item would be so signifigant.the artstyle is beautiful and both the girl and the Fox are adorable. The addition of the Fox Tales expansion really helped with how short the game felt. All in all I would deffinitly encourage anyone to give this one a play through!"
,Recommended,295790,19411753,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,reallyhugedork,"a game well put together. the cultural insights give you a thorough understanding of the plot and capture your attention, offering you a look into an entire culture and their views. I liked the teamwork, the graphics and the cleverness of the levels. if you like this game I also recommend the DLC, it's a really good addition and helps you complete the achievements."
76561198105479922,Recommended,295790,19463669,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,EverestSahara,"This game is a nice experience. I would have prefered that they leave out the implemented short documentaries and used that time for more gameplay, but, I understand their direction.I got this game on sale for about $3 US, which I would strongly reccomend. I would pay up to $10 for this game, but anymore than that, its not worth it. Don't get me wrong though, the game is very clean, very nice, great atmosphere. A pleaseant experience to play for a few minutes before bed.Good job guys, 2 thumbs up."
,Recommended,295790,19467011,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Danke,"I really enjoyed watching the clips then go back playing. Ever since I played this game, I had so much respect to the Iñupiat people. I never knew their culture and their stories , not until I played this. And knowing them through this game made it more special. I'd say this was actually their goal, the game is just there to take your attention.*There are a lot of glitches though like (Nuna getting stuck at walls, never ending jump when respawned, hard/annoying controls etc.)."
,Recommended,295790,19460528,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Lord of the Seven Kingdoms,"The game is very lovely and offers a wide range of emotions from the beginning till the end. The in-game world is beautifully designed with a highly immersive feeling that takes you to different dimensions of time and place. Just as the title suggests, you are never alone, your fox company, no matter what happens, will make you feel less lonely and more powerful in and against the artic rage. The soundtrack is soft and lovely, and the puzzles really make you brainstorm and think carefully before making a move.The only downside is that the gameplay is a bit short, I finished the game and the DLC in just about 3 hours. If the gameplay would extend to maybe 5 hours it would be more worth the money spent."
,Recommended,295790,26016160,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,ミ☆  мιηαкιε ☆彡,"Never Alone is a simple, fun and relaxing game, with educational videos about the Iñupiat people and their culture and folklore, that you unlock as you play (each time you find a snow howl, you get a video). I had to set all the settings to Low and turn off all the optional ones, but the graphics still look amazing, I can only imagine what the game would look like on a proper engine. Learning how to master the controls is fairly easy, as you are prompted to use certain keys under certain circumstances in the beginning of the game, to make you familiar with what you're expected to do. Also, the game automatically saves during checkpoints found on specific locations (you can tell there is a saving in progress when a bola icon appears on the bottom left corner), taking off the responsibility of remembering to save off the player, that can thus just focus on the actual gameplay. During certain passages of the game, the action is narrated, which gives you the feeling of storytelling and playing through the story itself. I really enjoyed the story and the fact I could swap freely between Nuna and the white fox – both Nuna and the fox have their own strengths and weaknesses and they complement each other rather nicely. Performing the fox's back flip off the wall felt a bit tricky at times, although that was probably either just my potato laptop lagging or my own lack of motor coordination skills. I can’t quite say the same about the bola though – aiming somewhere with it felt like I pretty much had to somehow guess where it would it, maybe I missed some visual cue, or maybe that’s how it’s intended to work (after all, there are no visual cues for aiming in the real world). Overall, Never Alone is a lovely and entertaining game, which will also teach you something new if you watch the optional Insight videos.Note: If you also have a controller, you can play this game with a friend as co-op, one person controlling Nuna and another controlling the fox. Therefore, some parts of the game can bit slightly more challenging if you’re playing solo, but it is quite possible for the game to be completed as single player."
76561198295644251,Not Recommended,295790,25918656,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Markichin,"I cannot deny that even before playing this title, “Never Alone (Kisima Ingitchuna)” was a game that I wanted to like, perhaps even love. The beautiful visuals and loveable characters promised a haunting and magical atmosphere while the “cultural insights” embedded into the story seemed to allow for a captivating introduction to a part of traditional folklore that had been mostly unfamiliar to me. All of this is there and can still impress. Unfortunately, however, this well-intended game that was meant to be a unique and fascinating experience suffers from the fact that large parts of its gameplay feel poorly executed and rushed – almost as if the developers were so intent on telling a story that they forgot to make a functioning game.From what I understand, this game was meant to be played with an Xbox controller (which I do not possess); trying to play it with a different controller proved much more challenging than it should have. Simple jumps can become perilous – particularly when being chased by an enemy – and controlling the bola (a weapon used to open passages throughout the game) feels extremely awkward and at times almost impossible. The bola was not re-used in the DLC, making the controls there slightly better although the kayaking and stone-throwing segments can still be frustrating. The poor controls are paired with occasionally suicidal AI for the second character frequently leading to unnecessary deaths (which should not be an issue in the co-op mode of the game) that could have been easily resolved by simply allowing the player to tell the girl and the fox when to move and when to halt. While playing this relatively short game I also noticed a surprisingly high number of glitches: characters getting stuck in walls or being completely swallowed were frequent sights, suggesting that the testing of this game was not taken seriously enough.Overall, I would probably give this game a rating somewhere in the middle between good and bad; but because Steam only allows reviewers to give a thumbs up or down, I unfortunately have to pick the latter because the problems with this game (at least when played solo with a non-Xbox controller) are just to glaring to ignore despite the visual, emotional and atmospheric appeal of “Never Alone”.  This game truly feels like a missed opportunity…"
,Recommended,295790,26159088,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Sora,Really awesome! I love everyting about it!Nice music. Great Art. Smooth gameplay.10/10
76561198075759322,Recommended,295790,25777849,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,LightAnisen,"Very beautiful artstyle and wonderful, captivating storyline."
76561198011798394,Recommended,295790,25788437,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Calm,"There's been some negative press about the control scheme, but it's one of those things only game reviewers care about.  It's  a fine game, with fun puzzles.The real reason to play it, though, is its connection w/Inuit culture.  Also fun to play co-op with a frind."
,Recommended,295790,25875063,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,DozeX ✪,beatiful games with good sounds 9/10
76561197991569821,Not Recommended,295790,25877309,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,hakaku,"Never Alone is visually stunning and presents a very fascinating story that touches on the lives and mythologies of the people of Alaska, acting almost as both a game and a documentary. I guess I had high hopes for such a highly-rated game and unique concept, but unfortunately the game is very lacking in terms of playability, especially if you are playing alone.To start, you have to control two characters: Nuna and Fox. Since you can only control one at a time in single player mode, the AI will take over for the other character. Most of the time, however, the AI is very stupid and will get you killed, often jumping into voids.With regards to game mechanics specifically, it's actually very very difficult to jump if using a keyboard in this game and, later on, to use Fox to move objects/spirits around. These two things alone will result in hundreds of deaths. Another annoying thing is that boss fights or speed rounds give you very little idea of what's happening, so you'll inevitably die the first time.The fact that I spent so much time redoing very simple levels because the jump mechanics were so horrible is enough for me to conclude that it simply isn't worth it. And that's not even including the numerous other bugs where the characters get stuck, objects get stuck, spirits are out of reach, ledges can't be grabbed, parts of the environment disappear, etc."
76561197969106644,Recommended,295790,26038398,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,supergunnar,"Beautiful, with a nice story. Awkward controls at times."
76561197972360616,Recommended,295790,26552875,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Bandersnatch,"If you are looking for a beautiful, visual narrative, this game is hands down amazing. Play with 2 people for the best experience, and expect between 2-4 hours of gameplay overall.If story > platforming works for you, this is a solid game to get."
,Recommended,295790,24141755,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,CrashMagnet,"Beautiful and fun, Never Alone is one of my most highly recommended platformers on Steam!"
,Recommended,295790,26561229,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,AcapKali,national geography ...
,Recommended,295790,28404026,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,KM,"Totally love it, it's base on great stories but i prefer the ""Kisima Ingitchuna"" more then ""Foxtales""The game art was on point and love they why of story telling, the only thing I hate was the (Bot UI) 'cause sometime it was restart same part over n over because of the bot death..."
,Not Recommended,295790,28400392,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,sandyllama,"I love the intent behind this title, but it inexplicably roasts my machine. Performance issues aside, the gameplay seems to mostly just act as a vehicle for the narrative, so don't come into the game expecting a strong puzzle-platformer."
,Recommended,295790,28191093,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Brew,"Really enjoyed the story to this, some tricky puzzles at times but generally a really peaceful game to wind down to."
,Recommended,295790,28635581,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,aLRight,a documentary rather than a game
76561198175497401,Recommended,295790,28638653,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Wulvric,"I like to think that this game is a complement to the video and not the other way around because the game itself is clearly not memorable and lacking in some ways. Let me describe what made me think that way1. BugsThe game is buggy, I went past barrier several times and resulted in death and sometimes I could walk in an invisible platform2. AI is stupidPlaying this in single mode sucks ball. There was a time when I play as the girl and standing at the edge of cliff and then the fox run towards me and pushed me down below. Another time the fox would walk too far away from me when I'm riding the spirit which obviously resulted in death3. Aiming is hardI hate using bola, there's no cue as to where it would go. I hope there's something to mark the trajectory of where it would go or at least a glow on the surface of where it would land. But no, I just have to use my instinct to guess. This system is especially upsetting when every failed attempt to use the bola mean one step closer to death like when you're being chased by the bear in the early game.So yeah, this is not a game with documentary. It's a documentary with a game, that's why I'm still giving a thumb upTL;DRPros:+Nice atmosphere+Decent puzzle+Cute foxCons:-AI is quite stupid-Buggy-Stupid aiming system"
,Not Recommended,295790,21223827,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,maliciouschmibbles,"Couldn't even make it past the tutorial, sadly.Controls were terrible. Glitches were rampant. AI-controlled partner was suicidal. I thought from the reviews that maybe I could get through it. I was really interested in the concept.Watch a playthrough if you're interested in the story. I couldn't manage to play for 10 minutes without running into issues. Purchase with caution."
76561198030817857,Recommended,295790,28696896,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Meatwad,This game is great and was fun to play.  Would recommend playing with two people to enjoy it more.
,Recommended,295790,23036255,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,met920,"Good coop game, nice and short. Started to get a little tedious towards the end."
,Recommended,295790,23107473,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Jackalope,I played the entire game. It was a bit difficult with a mouse and keyboard but I got the hang of it. I have the dlc but I have not played it just yet. I love the artwork in the game and the story is interesting. However it left me confused at some parts and not to mention (spoiler: you actually kill someone.)If I knew more about the lore of Alaska then I think I would of understood it better. In the end I managed to beat the game and see how it ended.
,Recommended,295790,23319579,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Ernicus,"After going through the reviews for this game I noticed that pretty much all the negative reviews are because of the controls, and while yes they may be a little clunky at first, they\'re easy to get the hang of and I really don\'t think it\'s as bad as people seem to be saying; it didn\'t come close to ruining my experience with the game and only caused maybe 2 deaths that weren\'t me just doing the exact same slip up over and over.This game is a breakthrough for Native-American culture and it\'s kind of acceptable for it to have a few small flaws.Also you get a little fox pal that you can control and I mean... Why wouldn\'t you want that experience?"
76561198098267484,Recommended,295790,23393341,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Agriess,"Good storyline, kind of  like a short documentary of the Inupiat, but also a video game at the same time. I really love how they mixed in bits and pieces of the actual documentary footage with a video game to tell a story.Not necessarily a hard game besides the last 2 levels I had some trouble on, but it was fairly short and sweet if you will. If it was indeed too short, there is also an additional story within the game menu as a way to make the game longer. I loved this game and don't regret buying it!"
76561198008551459,Recommended,295790,23458088,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Crown0815,Very nice game to play with a friend at home. The story is interesting and magical. The mechanics are interesting and challenging.
,Recommended,295790,13654868,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Chompski,"The game encourages me to check out the culture of these people, yet when I try to check out the videos the game goes to a black screen, sits there and does nothing. Salt/10 - Otherwise it is quite a nice looking game :D"
76561198093014461,Recommended,295790,23185155,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Bassmatrix,"Kind of split on this one.It killed an afternoon and I enjoyed playing local co-op, but I think I only really enjoyed this game because of the Inuit themes. Could have the same effect from watching a documentary or reading a book.Overall sometimes the game looks quite nice, but the puzzles are a bit lame and the main game is glitchy. There were a few occasions where I found myself stuck inside a wall, or missing a jump just because the game decided to teleport me to a different location. Lucky there are quite a few checkpoints, makes the experience a lot less frustrating. My favourite thing about this game is  the videos explaing parts of the culture of the Inuit people, and stories.Overall I am not sure whether or not to recommend this game. This is when it would be handy to have a ""meh"" button on steam.Recommened if:.You really can't think of another local co-op game to find and want to kill a couple of hours with someone.Are interested in the Inuit culture.Want a reasonable storyNot recommended if:.You are expecting something groundbreaking.Have other local co-op games to play.Don't like stories.Don't like puzzles.Don't like cultureI recommend this just for the unlockable videos included. The game overall is a big ""meh"""
76561198023121964,Recommended,295790,23360899,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Softly,"This game is so good! The graphics are wonderful, the stories and the insights are so interesting. The controls could have used a little polish, but this is still one of the best games I've ever played. Definitely recommend."
,Recommended,295790,23338063,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Chon Chorizo,"This is a fun, short platformer with some very interesting/fun player swapping mechanics.  The story is great and was what kept me playing it in one sitting.Without this game, I would not have known about this tribe and even thought about half of the things they talked about in the Cultural Insights. Some people were talking about how they should have just made a documentary: What percentage of the people who have played this game are the type of people to watch low budget docs on Netflix or even Youtube? Like 3%? 5%? I know I would have never heard of this story without this game.Another thing that people were complaining about was how annoying it was to watch two characters as one falls into a hole or gets stuck in a rock.  I never experienced anything like that.  The characters did a very good job sticking together in my game and I did not have any trouble with them getting stuck.  I did die quite a bit but I am terrible with platformers (actually I am pretty bad at games in general) but it was never because of a glitch or the other character.A few times I did wish they gave hints at what I needed to do.  I remember dying over 10 times in the same area because I wasn't sure how to advance. But, I figured it out like a normal human with a brain and continued on my merry way.  I also wished that the active character glowed a bit more.  I paused a few times for a drink and came back to the game, forgot who my active character was, and would just walk into a pit or into the water.  Not a big deal because it does autosave frequently though.Overall, 8/10.  Fun little game that has a very interesting story that may have you looking up more information about the topics in your spare time."
76561198068080031,Recommended,295790,23776319,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,skeletonsoup,"I really love the way this game looks and the characters were endearing. I'm a little uncoordinated for the controls sometimes, especially when having to do something ""timed,"" but I would definitely recommend it, despite my personal dexterity issues.A beautiful rendition of a lovely story..."
76561198110829195,Recommended,295790,22363241,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Lukabu,"This review is based upon Never Alone & Foxtales DLC.The game is a puzzle-platformer heavily influenced by Alaskan culture, told by the Iñupiat people. It follows Nuna and Fox as the two main protagonists. Single-player and local co-op 2 player are available.  The puzzles are well designed and beautifully created. The stories of both Never Alone & Foxtales are interesting and well written. The soundtrack is very good and the addition of the soundtrack in the collection pack is worth purchasing (alone with Foxtales). As the game progresses, 'cultural insights' are unlocked in certain places, by finding owls. The cultural insights are small documentary videos that explain the day-to-day lives and stories of Iñupiat culture.I would recommend this game to fans off story games, puzzle-platformer games and anyone interested in the Iñupiat culture."
76561198171638889,Recommended,295790,22536511,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,maderingo,I really enjoyed this game. The visuals were amazing and you will fall in love with every character.
76561198254251400,Recommended,295790,22562151,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,g0gurt,"I put off reviewing this for a long time because I still have some mixed feelings about it. If controls being wonky and frustrating at times makes you unable to enjoy a game, this probably isn't for you. However, for me personally the story/art/music/fun documentary videos sucked me in and I've actually been unable to find something I like quite as much since. Full disclosure though: the controls often suck. You will sometimes want to scream in frustration as the character you aren't currently controlling (unless you're playing co-op) decides to throw itself off a ledge and dies because it was trying to follow you somewhere and fails miserably. Still, I really love this game. I've played through it a couple times as well as Foxtales. It's mostly relaxing and warmhearted fun and has a wonderful soundtrack, some beautiful art, very interesting documentary clips about the indigenous Alaskan people, and is generally a joy to play. If you can be patient with some very tempermental controls, definitely give it a go."
76561198218637689,Not Recommended,295790,22615726,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Archix,"A very beautiful game, with a great atmosphere. The cultural insights are fascinating and worth going to the extra effort to unlock.However, and it is a big however, the bola controls are game breaking. In order to fire a shot, you have to stand still and effectively guess where your shot will go, as there is nothing to help you aim. At certain levels, you have to be able to fire extremely quickly, whilst moving in order to progress, but I found the bola controls so counter-intuitive and hard to use that I found myself unable to progress.This is a real shame, as up to this point I was really enjoying the story and the visual elements. Perhaps it's just a case of needing to play for many, many hours to become proficient, but for me, my patience was exhausted by this."
76561198292082123,Recommended,295790,22718490,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Liv,I like this game and would highly recommend to anyone who is interested in the genre that it is.I think it is worth the money you spend. I love the music and how you can also learn things about the culture and the videos included that are educational in a good way :)Controls are easy to use as well.10/10!
76561198049914184,Recommended,295790,22784235,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,BlackSnow,"Fantastic, great for two player casual fun. Very interesting look at the lives of the Alaskan people and their history through traditional stories."
76561197977132847,Recommended,295790,22636771,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,spen25,Great Game...Short Though.
76561197997969048,Recommended,295790,17922123,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Double_A_Ron,"Beautiful game with a unique story. There is a certain ""flow"" to the entire game that is amazingly well done. You actually feel as if you are a snowflake on the wind at time. I would highly recommend it. Also, get the DLC I liked just as much if not more than the original. (You can row a canoe and that's awesome)"
76561198042417569,Recommended,295790,18004370,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,MrPopularSentiment,"Never Alone is, at heart, a documentary - but it's an interactive documentary. It's fun to watch a video about living at nature's mercy and having to pay attention to the weather, and then having to pay attention to the sound of the wind and movement of snowflakes to know when to duck from a sudden wind change. It's a great way to listen to a story and to get a feel for a cultural context.As a side-scroller, the controls are a little sticky. There were times when I was frustrated, not because of my own lack of ability, but because my character wasn't grabbing on to the ledge I was hurling them toward. It didn't happen enough to make the game unenjoyable, and the frequent checkpoints reduced my level of frustration, but it would have been nice for the game to have been a bit more tightly coded.The style is beautiful. I loved the scrimshaw style of the cutscenes, and I enjoyed the detail put into the gameplay graphics - such as Nuna's change in pace when she walks through deeper snow, or the way she digs her hands through the snow to get a grip when the wind is blowing her away.The gameplay isn't too difficult - well within the abilities of a casual gamer (especially with, as I said, the frequent checkpoints). This would be a great game to share with kids while learning about First Nations communities."
76561198163963490,Recommended,295790,18010434,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Coyote959,"I only have great thing to say about htis game. The amount of culture pouring from every detail of this game is incredible. The game is only three hours long, but the expirience that you gain from it is more that worth the money. You will finish this game with a respect and appreciation of the cultere of these people and of how well they can tell a story."
,Recommended,295790,14089115,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,pichuscute,"Never Alone is a gorgeous game. It looks great, sounds great, and was an utter joy to play. Never in my life have I played a game, or even been interested in a game, that was meant to actually teach you something. But, this game does just that. The narrative comes straight from stories told by the Iñupiat people. At first glance, it's just an interesting legend-like story that could've very well originated from just this game, but when you realize this is from and about an actual culture, it becomes even more captivating. In addition, you can unlock mini-documentary minute or two long videos throughout the game that explain even more about the culture and the parts of the story. They are very well done, and are short, and so easy to watch (I actually began to wish there was more!).Now, as far as gameplay goes, the game is an atmospheric platformer. I played entirely in single player and finished the game in one sitting in about 3 hours. They nail the atmosphere perfectly, and the world is a joy to look at. It feels alive. As far as gameplay goes, though, it doesn't stray too far from standard platformers. The girl can jump, move around blocks, and use a throwing weapon to break ice. The fox can wall jump, run up walls, and interact with spirits (which act like moving platforms) that appear throughout the game. Later in the game, the fox's spirit abilities become much more in-depth, too. Personally, I found this to work very well. While not being the most unique gameplay, it was fun and the level design difficulty was scaled well. The later levels can give you quite a bit of challenge (in single player especially), too.However, I did run into a couple glitches while playing. There was a moving platform section of the game where the platforms would squish you if you weren't quick. However, when jumping from one to the next at one point, you would sometimes just go through the platform. This glitch was compounded with the fact that the AI would lag behind your movement and often fall into the platform when you hadn't, forcing you to redo it. There were a couple other small collision glitches like that, but they weren't nearly as bad. Thankfully, the game is very generous with it's spawn points, and I never had to redo much when I died in the game (which was admittedly often). In addition to glitches, there were a couple places where the AI would do things that were frustrating. Thankfully, I only ran into AI issues a few times, and since you can take control of the AI if need be, it only caused me frustration once or twice, when it actually resulted in a death.Overall, I'd recommend this game to everyone who enjoys video games. It's charming, tells a very real story while making it actually interesting, and, most importantly, it's very fun. It is a bit highly priced for the length, but I'd say it's worth supporting so we see more games like this in the future. This game is a fantastic experience."
,Recommended,295790,14062718,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,I.,"Amazing story with great cultural videos to compliment.  Fun game, just sometimes the controls are a bit frustrating. Dev's, if you could remap keys that would be fantastic! Its a little hard to press 'e' and try to go up and right at the same time whilst on a keyboard :)Great story thanks for sharing!"
76561198111407069,Not Recommended,295790,14065278,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,hakan_guleryuz,"Great graphics and animation and story, but absolutely terribble and buggy controls... Unbelievable!!!"
,Recommended,295790,14078469,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,FatCatX,cute.  very cute.  and puzzles.
76561198088697623,Recommended,295790,14114931,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Íslenskur Ragnar,has really many bugs but the storyline is good
,Recommended,295790,13703099,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Ace O' Foxes,"Played for 10 min, fell in love with this game. The story telling is fluid and nice, and the graphics are really good as well.Take the time to watch the short vids throughout the game as well or you will be missing an important part of the game.So just finished the game, still recommended."
76561198059498589,Recommended,295790,13749910,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Vinyl Kaiju,"Soo pretty, very sweet game (if a tad glitchy) that you can really learn something from.Perfect game for the winter!"
,Recommended,295790,13756061,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,DeathUnmasked,Simple game that brings to memory the gameplay of Another World from Delphine Software.  Yes it is short but gives off great charm.  The social education element is new to video games in how direct it is but fits without being too in your faceHardcore gamers should look elsewhere because there is little challenge but for a casual look it rewards.
,Recommended,295790,13756534,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Blackhaven,"Beautifully crafted, if short, platformer based on the traditional lore of the Iñupiat people.Well worth a playthrough, the only downside I really had with the game is the quite frankly infuriating and irresponsive controls (and this is with a joypad!)"
,Not Recommended,295790,14271800,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Sheiroslav,"I want to like this game- but I just can't. There are so many small-to-medium flaws in this game that completely overshadow the obvious hard work the developers put in. I'll start off with the pros:Pros:- The artwork is beautiful: music, animations, visuals are all amazing.- The concept of the game is great: I really like the idea of following a Native storyline, and the plot is fun/cute enough that it's not boring.Cons:- The controls are clunky, slow, and sometimes unresponsive. It makes even basic movements in the game (jumping, aming the Bola) really hard, and you tend to die a lot.- There are bugs a-plenty. I'm pretty sure the fox isn't supposed to be able to travel through some walls. Grabbing onto platforms, walking around, everything is just a little less precise, and it's hard to control your character.- The AI is not great: in single player mode, your partner character (controlled by AI) will sometimes die for no reason, sending you to your previous checkpoint at no fault of your own.- Gameplay logic isn't consistent: in the first zone, if you fall into the water, you die. Next zone- you need to swim. Hmmm...Visually this game is very pleasing, and it looks like the developers put a lot of work into it. I just don't think it's worth the price (even with the 40% discount). Otherwise, if the developers could iron out some of the bugs, it would absolutely be worth it."
76561197972324466,Not Recommended,295790,14273684,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Bobguy,"TLDR: A pretty game with a neat concept, ruined by a combination of camera, control, and second-character-AI issues. I suspect most issues go away if you're playing co-op rather than single player.---Just a heads up: I've noticed some co-op players mentioning unresponsive controls. If you're attempting co-op play on a keyboard, please look up keyboard ghosting. Many keyboards can't support enough simultaneous key-presses for keyboard-only multiplayer to be viable.]----The biggest problem is that both characters need to be in roughly the same spot for certain things to happen, and that the second character AI's ""leash"" is too long to make that reliable. I've had many instances where I brought the girl to the next part of the level only to get stuck wondering what I'm supposed to do. Then in messing aronud, I find out the fox needed to take 3 steps forward for the next platform to appear.It gets more complicated when the characters have to take separate paths, since the other one will just sit still until you move them yourself. For example, at one point the girl has to swing across two ghostly ropes over a spike pit, while the fox takes a tunnel above. The problem here is that the second rope for the girl only appears when the fox is at the half-way point in his path, and in singleplayer the fox will just sit at the start of his path. Since this is the first rope-swing in the game, I wound up making several suicidal jumps into the spike pit, since nothing hinted at the second rope even existing.The camera tends to add to this type of problem, since it's one of those that will lag behind your character when running. Most of the time, you can only see a quarter-screen ahead of you, so it's hard to know whether you're going to jump into a pit or a ledge.As for controls, it's really just a matter of animations sticking too much. Like if you want to stop running to use the bolo, you have to wait until the two ""slowing down"" steps finish after letting go of your direction keys, before it'll let you attack. Or how you have to actually turn around first, as a separate action, before jumping or attacking in the opposite direction."
,Recommended,295790,14275840,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Baby Sausage,"Played this game with my brother as co-op, we both loved the game completely and the atmosphere is something totally new and beautiful to experience.The story line of this game is incredible and really eye opening to a new culture and way of living. The way that the hero is playd as a young girl and a fox really ges a different perspective to most games and really brings the characters close to your heart.The art style of this game is much beter than I expected from an indie game and has passed my stereotypes for these sort of games.I definitley suggest using a controler bcause it makes the game much easier to control rather than keyboard.I only have one problem with the game and that is that it would not be very good for its replayablity purely because of the fact that the puzzels and things would all be the same each time.Overall it is a very incredible game andmost definitley wort the money.10/10 would cry over fox again."
,Recommended,295790,14239215,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Poker454,"I'm not usually one to write reviews, but this is a charming little game that needs more attention. The story is endearing, though some may find it short for the price. Graphics are stunning and seem a small bit basic, the art compliments the story and the overall look is amazing. I am a huge fan of story telling in any form and if you like it, this is definitely the game for you. It is a platformer and does the job well enough and throws in enough variety in the mix to keep things fresh.Now no game is perfect and while the art and story are phenominal, the gameplay does suffer a small bit. Platforming can at times be rather picky where you land, and at some points you're left wondering how on Earth you were supposed to make that jump. It also has a rather bad tendency of being trial and error with some portions of the game not giving a decent amount of context clues to let you know what to do. I was also very saddened to find that for some reason all the little documentary pieces crashed my game.All in all I felt my money was well spent, but many people might find the $15 a tad steep for a game that should take about 3 hours max to beat. The game is a ""beat it and shelf it"" without much replayability. But if you're trying it out during a sale or need a quick little platformer on the cheap, this is definitely the game for you."
76561197972449167,Recommended,295790,14252553,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,HenryMontana,Awesome game.  I enjoyed the cultural stories as well as the artistic use of cultural images in both story telling and gameplay.  I look forward to more games like this.
76561198078758040,Recommended,295790,14256849,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,RedHood7,"Great game; beautiful story, sound and visuals. You'll get a nice experience while learning something about an amazing ancestral culture."
,Recommended,295790,14261454,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Kjelsberg,"Never Alone is a short (two-player) puzzle platformer where the puzzles are easy, the solutions are obvious, and the ones that are hard, are hard because of shaky controls. If you're expecting an 2D Portal 2 coop-puzzle game, you will be very disappointed.Looking at it as a fairytale told through an entirely different medium however makes this a very different experience, and I think this is the angle the developers have gone with. The story with the cultural insights along with it is very nice, the scenery is beautiful, and the music wraps it up into a very good package.It's a game that falls into the more artsy niche and while I found it quite enjoyable, it will not be for everyone."
76561198033421121,Recommended,295790,14281714,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Campos,Masterpiece
,Recommended,295790,14276691,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Exta,"Good story, nice graphics, and cute characters. 2-3 hours required."
76561197965722299,Recommended,295790,13498502,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,ombt,"Interesting game if a little short.Graphics and sound are great with a good story to boot, however there were a couple of frustrations getting past some of the areas, but that could just be me :-)"
76561198034613066,Recommended,295790,13514736,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,rgathercoal,"The gameplay is Ok, a run through the glaciers jumping and crouching and figuring out how to advance to the next section. The place where this game really shines is the integration of game with cultural bits. Real people tell real stories."
,Recommended,295790,13532845,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Suaimhneas,"Not the most challenging platformer in the world, but it's pretty cute and charming, has some cool environment design, and the info about the stories and culture of the Inupiaq people was interesting."
,Recommended,295790,13534384,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,rho,It's a puzzle platformer. It's really pretty. It has an arctic fox. It's based on Inupiat (Native Alaskan) stories. It's great.
,Recommended,295790,13536162,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Vartoc,"This is a beautiful game. The story is wonderful, and the gameplay is easy to get the hang of while remaining just challenging enough. It's great that they developed it in cooperation with the Inupiat to get as much of the story authentic as possible, not to mention the wonderful cultural insights. This is one of the few artsy indie games that I really like."
76561198091551735,Recommended,295790,13550348,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Liandra,"You need to have patience to play Never Alone. A lot of patience. It's a platformer, but the focus is on the Inupiat culture and not the actual gameplay. The Fox is wonderfully animated and his AI is pretty good (and the sounds he makes are absolutely ADORABLE). The same can't be said for the little girl. Her AI sucks. Example: I'll be playing as Fox to do something, and she'll just kind of walk off a ledge while I'm trying to make a nature spirit approach her. It'd probably be a lot easier co-op, but you'll probably end up fighting over who gets to be Fox because he's more fun and more forgiving.I wouldn't recommend this to anyone who's not interested in different cultures, because the gameplay's not all that tight. Sometimes, the game expects you to die (who expects a walkway to snap suddenly and throw you over a chasm?) and there's really no skill involved there, just knowing what's ahead. The story is a very old folk tale passed down generationally, and the game features lots of video clips of the Inupiat elders (skippable). Very pretty and artistic, but not worth the price, unless you're a culture buff. Recommended only on sale. 6/10"
,Recommended,295790,13550424,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Wracky,"The art is beautiful, the gameplay is simple yet interesting, and the cultural insight videos you can find along the way are really interesting. It's not very long, I think I finished it in 3 hours or so, but its still nicely done. The animations are very well done too, with a lot of eye for detail, like your hood blowing in the wind :) I played it single player, but I reckon it will be a lot of fun with a second person on a controller controlling the little fox sidekick. If you're interested in playing atmospheric little platformer that plays out an old Iñupiaq tale, and teaches you a bit about these remarkable people living in very harsh environments, I can definitly recommend picking this game up."
76561198097932041,Recommended,295790,13565002,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,teD,it's beautiful but hard to play alone.
76561198267513637,Recommended,295790,21058800,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Axel Grease,"Great game, lovely insight into the culture of the Iñupiat. Plays pretty well and has some truly amazing graphics!"
76561198040949046,Not Recommended,295790,21092977,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Trit,"This game is a massive dissapointment. The story is beautiful, the artwork is gorgeous. Unfortunately, the controls make it almost unplayable in places. It needs serious work-the controls are so bad that it completely breaks up the story and makes the game into pure frustration rather than enjoyment and appreciation. I am genuinely surprised that I am not recommending this game, as I fully expected it to be good. But the controls make it simply not viable."
76561198009392587,Recommended,295790,21117308,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Mr Susan,"Beautiful game to play and for its short (~2 hour) journey, it was great fun. My only gripe is that the coop mode becomes pretty weak during the final ~30 mins. What i mean by this is that the majority of the final chapter of the game involves player 1 playing the game while player 2 is mostly just watching/able to skip any of the challenges. Its as if player 2 unlocks fleight mode at the end. Overall was still a fun experience."
,Recommended,295790,21062519,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,"DAMMIT, DANI","Very rarely does a game completely immurse me like this one did.The environments and style are beautiful. I love the messages the game is trying to deliver, and I think they do it very well. It's very impactful when watching the insights alongside as you unlock them. I also really like the way the videos are tied in part with the game -- for example, the insight about the northern lights happens just before you reach that phase of the game. The play feels pretty relaxed; you don't have to think about controls a whole lot which allows you to focus more on the story. That being said, it still does have challenging moments which don't leave you feeling bored, either.I could keep going on forever but the tl;dr is 10/10, eagerly hoping for more DLC."
76561198050103628,Recommended,295790,20991961,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Roxxan,"Just an incredible game. It's full of information, culture, and beauty. It gives great insight on something you may not otherwise have thought of. I highly recommend it, as a game, as well as a learning experience. Even if you don't want to watch the unlockable videos, the game play on its own is enough to peak interest and give insight on to the culture of the Native people of Alaska."
76561197999944888,Recommended,295790,21039222,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,WMorpheus,"Wonderful atmosphere. Rich with the weight of an age-old culture. This is a short, basic platformer that I feel enriched by having played. On the negative side, the controls were a little clumsy but I did play with the default settings. Frequent save points lessened the frustration of the most challenging puzzles and quick recovery from the occasional glitch. I hope to play Foxtails at some point in the future as well."
,Recommended,295790,21045075,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,peachkido,"I personally feel like this is a really unique game. It is tense at moments and calming at others. The game is artistically beautiful and it incoperates a mutlitude of storytelling styles. I think the artistic and cultural value combined with the unique narrative style are something everyone should give a chance. Actually gamplay is pretty much the same as any other side scrolling game. The first few puzzles are hard to figure out, but problem solving gets easier once you've explored your controls and capabilities further. I don't know that this game is for everyone, but I do highly recomend it!"
76561198060585395,Recommended,295790,21035804,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,ohiocore,"This game's ambition is to serve as a vehicle for cultural heritage.  That is to say, it tries to accomplish something in the real world through the framework of gaming.  More remarkably, it succeeds.  The gameplay is simple but engaging.  Buy it for a taste of Inupiat culture, storytelling and art."
,Not Recommended,295790,21027024,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Super Shark Face,"I wanted to like this game, but the gameplay is terrible.  It's a shame because everything else is good.  The art is beautiful, the animations are smooth and nice to look at, the documentry sections are interesting, and the story is bland but good enough.  The gameplay is too irritating to overlook, though.  It's just not any fun to play.In a platformer, the controls/feel of the platforming is really important.  The controls are bad, or at least they are on a controller.  They feel really slippery and imprecise.  I played the game in co-op, and I played as the girl.  The controls for throwing her weapon are absolutely ridiculous.  I have no idea how somebody could mess up something as simple as throwing an object and being able to control the angle, but it's completely unintuitive.  There are so many ways they could've done it that would work a lot better.The other main problem is that the level design is uninspired.  It's like every other mediocre platformer.  The only ""challenging"" parts are entirely because of the weird controls.  Also, there is at least one game-breaking bug in the game that I ran into, and from what I've read there are more.My recommendation is to just look up the documentary sections on youtube and watch them.  Don't bother playing the game because it's frustrating and not fun."
,Not Recommended,295790,20732040,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Palfrey,"The cultural work, art and setting is lovely. However, the platforming and general controls is awful, and has sadly stopped me from progressing further into this game."
76561198038080551,Recommended,295790,20981740,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,sakuraatje,"It's a beautiful game that broke my heart about halfway through. It's a definitely short game, but fun to play. The puzzles are headscratchers at times, and I've died way too many times.It's a fun short game and definitely a recommend from me; the cultural insights you gather are just a nice bonus."
76561197965047635,Recommended,295790,30691153,Posted: 23 March,all,Twitch,"This is an amazing game.The main story is enticing and spiritual. The side stories you collect are very charming and interesting and are infused with their culture. On the main story alone, the game is worth picking up at its full price.The art is beautiful and extremely well done.The game play is a lot of fun. Its challenging and collectables are rewarding.This team has done such a good job.DLC - The story is not as good and feels like a money grab. I hate* to add this, but I would avoid the DLC and just pick up the main story."
,Not Recommended,295790,21248340,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,αℓкαяιѕ,♥♥♥♥♥poor game controls. That's what you get whenever you play Unity games.
,Recommended,295790,21205126,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Sigmatics,"Magical game, can only recommend it."
76561197985422830,Recommended,295790,21205330,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,GodDarnKat,"Beautiful,educational,informative,ecological,spiritual...fox is cute.Tiny bit annoyingkeyboard controls,better on controller."
,Not Recommended,295790,21203874,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Lynshine,"It's a beautiful game, but playing it all through took only 3h from a relatively clumsy player. That makes the game rather expensive. I'd mostly only recommend it as a tribute to the inuit culture."
,Recommended,295790,21140427,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Gargaj,"Exquisite artwork and storytelling, somewhat mired by dodgy platforming."
,Recommended,295790,21136838,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,ThatFamousSmile,"I absolutely love this cute, little game. You follow Nuna and Fox on an adventure and while doing so you can find these short clips about the inupiat culture in Alaska that refer to the things you encounter on your journey. These are a great way of learning about a new culture which I personally knew hardly anything about.The game itself isn't very advanced or complicated, however there are some cool puzzles throughout the story. Also, I would highly recommend playing it co-op style instead of individually because that makes some challenges easier (or less frustrating) since both characters can be controlled at the same time.I would highly advice you to buy this game!! (While it's on sale because it's just the cutest game ever and the ambiance of the game is simply amazing. However, I think there isn't enough playtime to be worth the full price)"
,Recommended,295790,22110544,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Yvoire,"I have mixed feelings about Kisima Ingitchuna. The concept, the story and the way it comes mixed with perfectly timed and shot short documentary bits is unique, awesome, inspiring and gave me a lot of insight on a culture I knew nothing about, yet rich of interesting elements.The gameplay has two major faults. The camera movement is terrible, often leaving me wondering where I'm supposed to go or interact, because that spot is so out of the frame that I can't even understand where it is. Secondly, the interactions between the movements of the two characters can often be frustratingly malfunctioning.Yet the game's lenght is reasonably short enough that you can bear the terrible controls and camera.I would recommend this game only because it has an original concept and the developers deserve all the encouragement and support they can have. There is a noble cause behind this game, I believe. But next time they create a game, I hope they will learn from the mistakes they made here and will deliver the perfect game they clearly were hoping to attain with Kisima Ingitchuna."
76561198042641367,Recommended,295790,22113970,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,UKR Murchyk,Very casual and fun game with a great story and message.
,Not Recommended,295790,22045740,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,TAzure,"I like culture documentaries in this game.BUTThe story of game itself is tedious, and the bad control made me unhappy. The whole plot of game is nothing special, just repeat and repeat the skills that you learned in the journey. To be honest, I felt bored and wasn't entertained at all. If you are looking for a a good ""game"", then I do not recommend it."
76561198292350476,Not Recommended,295790,22017687,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,angaelicus,"This game glitches ALOT. Many events do not trigger when they supposed causing you to have to reply parts over and over. Great visuals, but ruined by incompetent, amateur coding."
,Recommended,295790,22019835,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,ThePandaBear,If you are humantarine person [I meant like who loves to know about different cultures and tribes] I would recommend it highly.The most thing i enjoyed the most was cultural insight. The cinetamography is top noch [I took several screen shots to make it as my laptop wallpaper =P}. The storyline is amazing and the so as the art especiallly good.There are some tiny issues with controls [I think I dont have great laptop so could be from my side] when you ask to go left the some time glich out and jump and stuff and its bit hard to control the fox.There has been times rarely that happned to me to get stuck and have to look for playthorugh [Again it could be me being Dumb]BUT I LIKE THIS GAME SO YEAH....p.s : I barely do reviews so yeah *wink wink nudge nudge*
,Recommended,295790,22035441,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,SatinDragon,"Loved this game. So much story, the music was great, I love the documentaries, its exciting, challenging, and very sad at some pointsMy jaw kinda just dropped and tears started to pool when that mean man snapped the foxes neck.... =(. The controls were very hard to get used to. I would hit TAB instead of Q whenever I wanted to be the fox (Almost all the time).Unlike most bad reviews here on steam, I did not have any problems with the AI responding or glitching. I really had no problems. When I died, it was my fault and not the games. I'd jump at the wrong time. I see too many people complaining the game bugged out so they died when in reality, 75% of the time they just can't play platformers. LMAO.All in all I give this game 10/10 and will definately be playing Foxtales! =)"
76561197992262628,Recommended,295790,22036170,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,reece,"Reminds me in a way of an episode of Planet Earth. I wish there were a dozen more games like this. It is a fantastic game, but if you are needing tetris-like satisfaction that isn't what Never Alone is made to supply.The girl is slow and I can understand how some people may find this frustrating, but it was when I started moving the first box that I felt it was alright that I wasn't a superhero, that I was just a young hunter, that the environment was as significant as I was, that I needed to calm down and feel the isolation sated by the wind, the fox, and the tales from my home (this was around the little people section).There is never a feeling of satisfaction from solving a puzzle or a jump, there are places where you will fail a few times, and the bola (using steam controllers) was not very tight, but this did not get in the way of enjoying the experience.Finally, I'd like to note the game may have been patched as other reviewers note being frustrated almost immediately whereas the two points of failure I encountered due to the AI were at least halfway through the game (northern lights, top of the structures; and one where you are riding on structure in the water that accelerates to the right and you are supposed to jump off at the end)"
76561198012023582,Recommended,295790,22208138,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,lewrker,"Decent platformer, interesting story, very well done ~*immersion*~ (although you could argue that the cutscenes aren't fully in keeping with the theme)"
76561198131976754,Recommended,295790,22162284,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Dragon_Watcher,An interesting game with story insights told through gameplay and extra video information. A very pretty trip through some beautiful and interesting landscapes.I would definitely recomend this game.
,Recommended,295790,22223198,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Bob,"I am always on the look out for good local co-op games and I bought this one without even realising  it was a co-op game. This game has obviously been made with a lot of love. It is a gorgeous looking atmospheric game with some cool two player mechanics and an engrossing story. You get drawn more into the story as you unlock short documentary clips about the Iñupiat. It can be frustrating in places but not enough to make me want to stop playing. It works really well with two players, it is less enjoyable with a single player as you need to quickly switch between the characters and sometimes the AI will screw things up for you. The game is relatively short (I hadn't even got all the trading card drops before I finished the game excluding DLC) but I still think this is worth a checking out especially if you are looking for a two player game."
,Recommended,295790,22263357,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,NinjaTarantulaa,"​Never Alone (Kisima Ingitchuna) is an indie game, where the main character Nuna is part of a Native Alaskan tribe. This story is based on a tale that is narrated throughout the game. The story is narrated in the Inuit language and has subtitles based on your computers language, which gives it the culture taste. The game was really interesting where she went on adventure trying to find the source to a problem. The graphics of the game where better than I expected them to be. Nuna gets a companion to help her through her adventures, a white Artic Fox. You switch between those two characters, or play in co-op mode. I liked the two-character interaction but sometimes the A.I computer would cause me issues, but besides that I really liked the game. The game also reminded me of a Disney Pixar film by its art and the design. The music always ties with the game; it matches perfectly with what is going on. The game gave you some insights you have to find through the game in order to see the videos provided. I liked how they showed us what inspired certain aspects of the game! I recommend this game!"
76561197995752106,Recommended,295790,22497760,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,EffervescentG,"Beautiful platformer with compelling story, and even better: actual learning from real cultural insights!"
,Not Recommended,295790,22573188,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,GMN Masterpiece,what is wrong with the audio? all I here is an continious ihhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhtzzzzzzzzzzzzzihztzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzih
76561197999055142,Recommended,295790,22606406,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,DAMN FIDDLE,"thumbed up for the insight, recommend this game when its cheap"
,Recommended,295790,22290744,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Rat,"I love the co-op option!  My girlfriend (who doesn’t really play video games) and I started playing it, and it’s great!  Educational, endearing, straight-forward (so easy for non-gamers to pick up), beautiful.  It also uses some really neat game mechanics.I think it’s a better experience with somebody else, because it relies on the co-op between both characters.  If you’re looking for a neat game to play with somebody, this is high on my list of recommendations!  We haven’t even finished it yet and I’m already so in love!"
76561198064852407,Recommended,295790,22487775,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,pt_kamen,"Buy it.It's part platfomer and part puzzle game. And it mixes it up so it doesn't get boring. The puzzles don't overstay their stay, which is awesome. The game teaches some basic mechanics and you have to build on them to reach the end.Can be played by two people at the same time, each one has a different set of skills (or by one person, which will have to switch characters during game play).There's also a neat documentary in there. And so many language options you'll most likely find your in there (if not you first, the second)."
76561198042738819,Not Recommended,295790,20561578,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Maxi,"It might have made an interesting documentary, but it's a dull game, full of glitches. Its only goal seems to be tell a story, so they left the gameplay side so far behind."
,Recommended,295790,19816280,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,bangableoiltycoon,"Cool concept and I love how it integrates traditional culture. Beautiful design.only issue, and it's sort of a big one - the controls are whacky as heck, which can super screw you up since some of the obstacles require timing in order to pass. Hoping that gets fixed in some sort of patch.But you'll learn a lot and it's a very sweet and interesting story"
,Recommended,295790,19597592,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,mossman93,"It's buggy, sometimes the game play is frustrating, but this is a unique experience worth playing."
,Recommended,295790,19840070,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Encik Kage,"If you're a fan of documentaries and challenging little platformers, this is a gem. The graphics are nice, the characters are simple yet relatable, and it's a nice blend of simple and fun.Perhaps as with all platformers that require 'experimentation', not so good for MBTI Feelers. I sought out guides after a few tries because they look really sad when one of them dies.Shut up. Just. Shut up."
,Recommended,295790,19893599,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,[dhcp]Silicon,"This game is gorgeous, has a unique story, and is super fun to play. Basically perfect."
76561197970638574,Not Recommended,295790,19950536,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,CorvetteZ06USA,"The developers did a really great job in creating an atmospheric game. There really isn't any part of it that feels out of place. I also applaud the effort and inspiration to tell the stories of these hearty people. My complaint lies in the game itself. While I do not mind a difficult game, this one was seemed to merit itself on a strong narration and atmosphere. This is a tip off to me that it will be a relaxing, engulfing experience, because usually repeated attempts at missing a jump or a timing event will rip you right out of the mood. Games like Mario and Mega Man put gameplay first, those are the attraction. I wanted to really love this game, but after multiple attempts at a few things grew tiresome and frustrating, I had to put it down. It's a shame, because I think they overshadowed an amazing thing here. Perhaps they should have ditched the video game medum and had done animation instead.I really wish I didn't have to decide to recomend the game or not, because I feel it can go either way. I want this to be a netural review, however, I am picking no only because I think a red thumbs down will draw more eyes and perhaps warn those who were like me and looking for a narrative game to relax to."
,Recommended,295790,19948355,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,andyman404,"My wife and I played it co-op and loved it. The game was a beautiful experience. The atmosphere was very well done. There was a good variety of thrilling scenes and interesting and challenging puzzles. The storytelling was excellent, as were the cultural aspects of it.I'd highly recommend it to anyone who is NOT a pimply teenager."
76561198166484811,Recommended,295790,19948412,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,SparaticMaul,Great graphicsGreat storyAbit glitchy at times could use some workBut overall worth the moneyGot really involved in this game which was kind of unfortunate because I beat it in one sittingReally hope they keep adding more stories but until then 8/10Keep up the good work!
,Recommended,295790,19922809,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Hjoerdis,One of the most beautiful and educatinal games! <3
76561198089307796,Recommended,295790,19922148,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,chomwitt,Wow.. thanks programmer linux version came . That's a gem. Culture + art + videogame .
76561197970512260,Recommended,295790,19919333,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Cthulhu Fhtagn,"This is easily one of the most unique gaming experiences I've had in a long time, and I haven't even quite completed it yet. As much an interactive story as it is a game, it is beautifully animated and scored, and interspersed with unlockable videos describing the history and culture of the Inupiak people of northern Alaska as you progress through the gameplay. Well worth the asking price, especially during this Steam holiday sale. Highly recommended!"
76561197996183503,Recommended,295790,19951704,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Perhaps,The atmosphere is just beautiful.. Well worth the $3 or so I spent on it.
76561198017586082,Recommended,295790,19986224,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,TheSpaniard,"A really fun, moving, and beautifully illustrated game! The minidocumentary you unlock as you play is an unique and welcome on your journey. The mythological foundation of the game accentuates the dynamic fun of traversing a polar landscape besieged by a blizzard's perpetual wind with your artic fox companion. It's really a great game to couch it up with a date, friend, or family member as it has full controller support, and supports SteamOS for all you steam users! I can not recommend this title more, especially during the winter sale where it's at a ridiculous 75% off!"
76561198015297831,Recommended,295790,19989647,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,BEAVER FEVER,"Never Alone was truly an amazing experience for me. As an over sensitive human being I've been crying more in this game than any game else. I was over enjoyed, over grieved, ... I even had to put this game away for over a month because I couldn't handle the plotpoint. I was devastaded. I hated the makers, I begged them and they shamed me!They really deserved the Bafta for the best game!!However, If you're looking for a game with challenging puzzles or gameplay, leave and never look back! It's more like an interactive documentary where I got to know more where I was ignorant! It was a different experience instead of just watching a documentary. You got involved, you were them!10/10 would play and cry again!"
,Not Recommended,295790,19971770,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Lubby,"Ugh....I have wanted to buy this game ages ago but always felt that 15 USD is too much for a short platform game, I was right.Story is 6/10Unless you're someone who is into different cultures and documentaries; the story holds no originality, suspense, or cathartic revelation. It's so typical -> bad weather/infertile land = angry strong being. I even felt that the evil man looking for Bola to be too unreal as a personality, too shallow for a story that preaches spirituality.Graphics 10/10It's a pretty game, can't deny that.Gameplay 2/10 ._.The game feels sluggish. The girl is unresponsive sometimes. I was so angry when the fox got replaced by the spirit boy cuz boy IS HE HARD TO CONTROL. I WISH they made the interaction button for the fox to be LMB because L-Shift just makes everything worse! And yay! You can't even change the controls =_=Some of the level designs are utmost horrid, no hints, no fluid platforms; you feel like you're flogging a dead horse and the unresponsiveness of the characters, which make you fail, frustrated me more and more.Lastly, I found it annoying that if you play the fox and run with it, the girl would be left behind most of the time because she's slow. Yes you're typically supposed to use the girl, but I am a huge fan of 4 legged feline/canine characters in platform games, HUGE FAN, so seeing that you could play as a cute little arctic fox excited me so much only to put me down due to the speed penalty.I spend hours playing games but Never Alone makes me close the game after 30 mins in frustration so that I could try again when I'm in a better mood."
76561198011164231,Recommended,295790,19997536,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,ninjacupcake83,"To sum up. This is a really great 3.5hrs play... Maybe even quicker as I messed around etc.Great art work, great story telling. A unique bond between girl and animal. The game needs you to use both girl and fox to get each other safely through each section of the game.Recommend picking this up whilst in the sale if you do not want to spend full retail price for 3+hrs game play...All round great game made with the Unity engine."
,Recommended,295790,19998703,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,tukangcendol,"don't be fooled by the nice graphics, this game is quite rage inducing, you're gonna die like a lot XD but still a good game"
,Recommended,295790,20020681,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Maverick,"It is a beautiful short story, visually gorgeous, very fun, and very fun to play on coop, is not too challenging though if you prefer that kind of platfomers"
,Recommended,295790,20020188,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,yettiiixo,"A beautifully integrative learning and gaming experience about inuit culture. I really enjoyed this game, but did find it became a little buggy when playing the co-op mode."
76561198218800792,Recommended,295790,20026628,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,The Rhinopotomus,"A beautiful little game based on an Inuit tale. I like the mechanic of controlling two fairly different characters. Thought the game would be a relaxing walk through the tundra, the tundra tried to kill me. Includes short videos about Inuit culture."
76561197980233288,Recommended,295790,19957707,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Fernwym,"This is a wonderful little game, not very long but has a lot of charm and in that respect feels a lot like the spiritual predecesor to Unravel. Shares stylistic similarities with Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons too. Currently at £2.99 in the Steam sales it's an absolute bargain for some great storytelling and insights into native Alaskan culture."
76561198050684035,Recommended,295790,20069627,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Sempiro,Play the game with you wife or kids it worth the money. 10\10
,Recommended,295790,20055141,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,TimTheFapMan,Awesome game/story. Didn't know it had co-op so tht was a bonus. very impressed with artwork/style of the game
,Recommended,295790,19895288,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,ArrrCee,"Never Alone takes the feel of Brothers with the platforming of Limbo and makes a fun and informational adventure about the native Alaskan people. As you progress, you unlock little documentary segments that tell you more about their society, culture and history. These are very well produced and pretty fun to watch if you like learning about how others live their lives and get to tell their stories.This game is defintitely recommended to play, but be aware that it is only a 3 to 4 hour game and for me that included the Fox DLC. A game being short doesn't usually keep me from playing it but it may detour others."
76561198237693836,Recommended,295790,20711261,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Rev,"“Never Alone (Kisima Ingitchuna)” is a platformer that takes you on an adventure through the Arctic as Nuna and Fox seek the source of an eternal blizzard threatening their village's future.The game itself is much more atmospheric and story rich than you'd expect. What seems simple and basic turns into much more as you move along and the difficulty jumps are tuned almost perfectly. Perhaps the biggest highlight is how the game presents the culture of the Iñupiat, an Alaskan native people. The collectibles, if I may call them that, are cultural insights found throughout the game by finding owls perched away in the levels. These short videos provide a great deal of knowledge and background of the Iñupiat culture. From storytelling to lifestyle to climate change, you learn so much without realizing it. This along with a well designed environment and great music provide a truly unique experience.Pros:- Strong storytelling and very engaging. An underrated aspect of this is how the cutscenes in-game are in the Iñupiaq language (don't worry, you get subtitles).- Beautiful design; the environment and music create a wonderful atmosphere.- Strong co-op play, eliminates many frustrations over a subpar AI in single-player.- Insightful and informative. Presents the Iñupiat culture in a very creative way. You WANT to keep watching the videos and learn more.Cons:- Controls can be hard to get the hang of at first. And even then, they seem to get buggy every now and then (I noticed it mostly with the gusts of wind).- Short. At a comfortable pace, you'll likely finish in 3 hours or less. The DLC is a very nice addition if for nothing else to experience the game more.- AI in single-player is not the brightest. There will be times where you die or the AI dies because it decided to go against all logic and do something silly. Accept it and try again, at least nothing in the game is naturally aggravating like this.I bought this game thinking it would be fun and different. That may be an “Understatement of the Year” nominee. This is a very immersive experience that I thoroughly enjoyed. I highly recommend the DLC, “Foxtales,” as it is also fun and engaging, but short as well. And after watching the cultural insights, I see how they tied the rich history of the Iñupiat people into a game with superb storytelling; a real treat that makes me appreciate this even more. The price is a little high for a short game in my opinion, but I also believe this to be a game well worth experiencing. Either bite the bullet or look for any kind of sale (I purchased during the Christmas sale for around 9$ I think).Verdict- This game gets an8.5/10and could be higher if it were not so short or if the controls/AI were more reliable. I highly recommend you adventure through the permafrost as Nuna and Fox and immerse yourself in this deep game."
,Recommended,295790,20540488,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Petacraft,A relaxing game to play and a good way to learn about culture.
,Recommended,295790,20619376,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,BazBake,"A vividly-crafted fairy tale also functioning as an Alaskan Inupiaq cultural lesson and travel log. Filled with hauntingly beautiful imagery, this is clearly a work of talent and love. The platforming is clever, with a mid-game bordering on frantic, but it's hampered somewhat by floaty jumping and heavy-footed maneuvering -- this perhaps makes sense given the amount of snow and heavy winds. The end-game is a bit finicky as the game's small flaws compound to create an unfortunately frustrating experience: you don't always know which character you've swapped to due to the simple glow and its quick fade which can be difficult to see in heavy wind and snow, but it's so charming and well-constructed, and checkpoints are so frequent, that patience pays off. Highly recommended."
76561197995082470,Recommended,295790,24430329,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,3gun/4,Thank you for making this game. It was beautiful <3
,Not Recommended,295790,16234502,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,anywher,"The art style is great and charming, however the platforming elements and controls are beyond frustrating and feel horribly clunky. Especially once you are two-thirds through the game it becomes even more frustrating!"
76561198262396432,Recommended,295790,25391703,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,hae42,"I LOVED THIS GAME! It is easy enough for me (I'm not very good at video games) But it also challenges you. The artwork is BEAUTIFUL, the story is AMAZING, and the characters are awesome. I really love the cultural insights. Still haven't gotten them all even though I finished the game. I like that you can change the key settings. I love pretty much everything about this game except three things: it is more tricky to play in single player (it adds to the fun in the beginning, but near the end it gets stressful) and you have to switch between characters to complete the level. Also, I like playing as Fox in the first half of the game but not the second half :( Also the game goes by super fast. I finished it in 5.3 hours. I am so in love with this game I'm probably going to go get another steam card and get Foxtales (even though its almost 11pm) :)"
,Recommended,295790,25559125,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,A Humble Goblin,"Never Alone is a beautiful little game that makes Inupiaq stories/values both accesible and immersive for the modern generation. As this is a game focused on the telling of a story, there are these really neat cultural videos that intersect certain segments of the game, and you get to hear lessons about the spirits of animals and survival on the tundra from interviews of Inupiaq people. It's a really neat mechanic that I very much enjoyed, and made it a point to collect all of the spirit owls to watch every video!Story-wise, I have no complaints. It was a great parable.However, there were some minor issues with the controls. For example, it became difficult at times to aim properly, not to mention moving two seperate characters around got to be tricky. However, the majority of the game ran smoothly and without hitch, and the mechanics were intuitive and easy once you got the hang of them.(The DLC was also enjoyable!)This game was a very nice glimpse into a culture I've always been fascinated with, and I would definitely replay this again. :)"
,Recommended,295790,24481822,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,yamokotara,"It's very cute game that  has a very good atmosphere.It's also educational and you learn new things during your playthrough.you can play it alone or with a friend, which I highly consider since we had a lot of fun.If you played two brothers:  a tales of two sons you might like this game.The riddles aren't too difficult so it's not a very challenging game.But if you want to play a game that has a cute story and a very good atmosphere then this is something for you."
,Recommended,295790,24551556,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Tuftling,"Beautiful storytelling, I loved the Cultural Insights (they were fun to watch when at times I got frustrated with jumps or puzzles, I took a break and watched the videos instead).The fox is beautifully animated!What I didn't like was that sometimes my character would be too busy doing some animation or other, and they'd stop responding to controls, and I died plenty of times thanks to that >:["
76561198126395988,Not Recommended,295790,24357686,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,RoosterMaind,"LENGTH: 3 hours - For me it's a plus, don't know abut you.+Stunning VIsuals, especially the snow effects+Short but sweet, sections aren't dragged out+Checkpoints everywhere so even when the puzzle is dumb or the physics engine fails you won't get mad+Easy to pick up+Has Co-op, if you and a fried feel to braindead to play anything fun but aren't bad enough that you just want to watch a movie+Sound design was mostly pleasing with it's ambience, chanting and narrator-Why are there so many unlockable movies? Is this a game or a sodding documentary. I get that you're trying to promote this unique living culture but why would you have me unlock a new clip every 20 seconds of gameplay?-Plot is pretty dull, but that is t be expected of such an old tale. The atmosphere kinda makes up for it-Boring characters who no one in their right mind would care about-Stale platforming, only felt good when the wind mechanics shot me across the screen-Physics engine screws up quite often-Made with Unity, so no amazing performance or mind shattering visuals-Insultingly easy-Impossible to aim mechanics with the girl's projecticle;-Impossible to controlplatforms with the fox's spirit powers;-Very VERY linear, you must play exactly how the game was intended to be beat, or else the whole thing falls apart and you dieIf you're looking for a quick game that's incredibly calming I'd reccomend this when it costs under 5 eur bundled with the dlc.You won't find the quality of much better games in this genre such as brothers or trine."
76561198080704090,Recommended,295790,24367578,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Tildy,"This game is gorgeous and thoughtful and I really loved the atmosphere. Unfortunately the little frustrations here and there really add up in the main story mode. The companion AI can't always decide between hiding from enemies and running directly into the mouths of enemies, it can be hard to tell what's in the foreground and what's blocking your way, and while all the white can be beautiful at times it's so hard to tell which direction the wind's blowing, whether or not the spiky thing you're climbing on is a ladder or a spiky pit of death, or if you're going to grapple onto a ledge or clip into the wall and fall off.Luckily, the game also comes with the secondary campaign Foxtales, which was much shorter and brighter in color. Also it made me really happy to see my little fox friend again. He's good people."
,Recommended,295790,24340336,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Dances with Machines,"Not much to write home about. It does its job as a platformer and the story is okay. However, the game is pretty good thematically."
,Recommended,295790,25339348,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,randomatics2,"Playing this game was a joy.The story was in depth and emotional sometimes.The graphics were really good for a first time developer.The gameplay was intense and thoughtful at the same time.The music was really good.Simply put, it's one of those games you feel the need to keep playing to the end and then play again, and everything about it makes it great."
76561197991756527,Recommended,295790,13335962,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,de_eL,"What a wonderful piece of art. A captivating story and varied gameplay make this a lovely experience. Easy to follow and nothing is really too hard. Never did it take me more then a few tries to overcome the obstacles. There is even coop for those who have a proper controller.The heritage videos are very well incorporated and I really, really loved the voice of the narator during the game. I couldn't stop and had to do it in one go. Now I need to find the missing owls...Recommended for everyone that wants to spend a few hours not shooting everything that moves."
,Recommended,295790,13415328,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,☢ ColdFaced Lee Koji 屠る™ ☢,"Never Alone (Kisima Ingitchuna) awesome indie game, awesome graphics and i recommended this game to anyone who love indie game."
,Recommended,295790,15780854,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,gmalivuk,"This is a beautiful, charming, and very informative little game. In addition to being lovely to listen to and look at, it's a unique story and comes with 24 short ""cultural insight"" videos, which you can unlock throughout the game. These give a ton of, well, insight about the Iñupiat people (one of whose stories the game is based on). It is a fairly short game (my 5.1 hours are a single playthrough plus replays of a couple chapters to unlock the complete set of insights, and I'm not exactly a power gamer), and the jump controls are frustrating at times, but overall this is a really lovely game that I highly recommend checking out."
,Not Recommended,295790,14094059,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,V.,"The game is so bugged it's ridiculous. I loved the concept, the gameplay, and everything about this game, I followed his developement for a long time, but dying repeditly because of some glitch of texture is stupid, and making me really tired of playing it (and this is also why I don't recommend it).It's obviously not a game for PC, and if you have a console you better take it on it and not into your computer. Don't hesitate to take it on those, because the game is really beautiful and meaningful. The cultural insight system is awesome, and just short enough to let you still passionae about it. The more you play, the more you feel connect to the Iñupiat and I think that this was the first objective of this game.In the end, it's very sad for me, and difficult, to not recommend this game. But I think that it's just a matter of time before those glitch are corrected and that I can finally recommend it."
,Recommended,295790,13939057,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,labhist,"Looks great and I like the surrounding mythology - however I don't like the control systems and the nature of the puzzles seem somewhat one-dimensional and - unfortunately - contrived. I'd recommend it, but only just."
76561198017128766,Recommended,295790,13766419,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,ZombieSandwich,"I highly recommend watching the 'culture' videos along with the game as you progress. It complements what you're doing in the game quite well and enhances elements in the story. The co-op is great too, my girlfriend liked being the fox."
76561198026964663,Recommended,295790,13838181,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Aidi,"Short but very nice game. Story is interesting, art is nice and playing is easy (few challenging parts but not that many) Works perhaps better with controller rather than with key and mouse. Haven't yet watched all of the cultural insights (finished the game like 5minutes ago..), but they are very interesting."
76561198116961915,Recommended,295790,13844640,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,dahfoo,"Play Co-Op.One player suffers from moderate clipping, suicidal AI partner, player-killing partner, and chase scene delays.  Also, the game offers no key mapping, so some controls may be awkward.  I recommend using the keyboard/mouse for the human character.Otherwise, I love the idea of the game and the videos that go along with it.  The gameplay and cultural elements have a lot of room to expand, so I hope I get to see another game like this in the future."
,Recommended,295790,14077259,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Mr. Dreambeard,"It's a short game, but the art, music, and story are wonderful. The cultural insight videos are great! If they make another game like this, I will definitely buy it. It's seriously good."
76561197975930559,Recommended,295790,26954643,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,rpatnode,Fun *and* educational? Something not seen since Math Blaster!
76561198234128920,Recommended,295790,25850097,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,%!Archilies!%,"I absolutely love this game. The storyline is great.I will recommend this game to anyone who loves artistic puzzles in a game.I would have liked it if you could use the bola while you run, but that's probably the only con I can think of at this moment and its not a big problem at all."
76561198064386810,Recommended,295790,25850113,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Autobahn,"Amazing!Beautiful story, artwork, soundtrack and GUISometimes, it's a bit tricky to progress, but you'll immerse yourself into the gameThe developer did a great job combining story and game play.Now, I'm looking for another game developed by the same developer"
,Recommended,295790,27541121,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Kuma,"Never Alone is a game that successfully manages to immerge the player into its intended atmosphere, while finding the time and the right spaces to teach you something in a manner that doesn't come off as condescending at all, and even helps you appreciate the game even more, instead of alienating the player from it.The graphics are good-looking and the soundtrack is alright, though one might argue that the game is indeed a little too short-lived and low on difficulty. Another con is the at times buggy controls that can hinder your progression through the game in a rather frustrating manner -something I especially felt in the Foxtales DLC-. Overall, the controls are the only thing that keep this game from being truly good.Still, it's something I'd recommend buying for the 3,59 € I paid. It's worth it."
,Recommended,295790,24205753,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,kiaku,"Good story, and even though it's a short game, it still manages to hit the feels a couple of times. Lovely little game."
,Recommended,295790,23973879,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,quasiotter,"The reason I am recommending this game is because of the immersion it provides. The minimal palette was utilized superbly, providing what might be the most visually cohesive game I have played. I felt that nothing outside of this game existed whilst playing it (until I had to pee), and that's enough to satisfy me.However, I do agree that the platforming aspect was quite tedious when I had to restart more than twice. I didn't find the controls or the AI as annoying as most people, but I suppose I just have lower standards.It wouldn't matter if I played through perfectly, but seeing the protagonists die is just... tragic. I really don't need to see them impaled or crushed, I just... ugh... :/"
76561198190767329,Not Recommended,295790,23974499,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,The Loyal Storm Trooper TR-8R,"Honestly it is too short and the gameplay is not very difficult. I considered it a very easy game while I was expecting a little bit of a challenge with the puzzles. It also has a few glitches in certain parts that would seem fixable. I wouldn't recommend this game to people. The story is said to be good by many comments, but I didn't think it was anything too special, and it certainly didn't make up for the short and not challenging gameplay. My experience was with two people on controllers on a big screen in the dark, which is about as emmersed into the game as could be."
76561198020474979,Recommended,295790,23970579,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,biglu,Fantastic animation and grafics. Odd story but enjoyable.
,Recommended,295790,23949031,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Pactalit,Beautiful.
,Not Recommended,295790,14715366,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,eyeclept,"never alone has an amazing story (or at least for as far as i couyld get), but it's ruiened by the poor controlls. there are several problems with the controlls. most notable is the compleat lack of button mapping. there are more problems than just that. the second is the poor support for generic gamepads.  it only works with an xbox controller. i tried to get around this by using antimicro to map the buttons to the keyboard and mouse. it worked, but i soon ran into another problem. it's that when i tried to use the gamepad, it would automaticly activate the co-op mode. this made the game unplayable, and i couldn't even disable the co-op mode to get around it! untill this probem is fixed, i don't think i'll be able to continue past the first couple of chapters."
,Recommended,295790,14832719,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,barfle,"Beautiful, atmospheric, and a wonderful way to showcase Native Alaskan cutlure."
,Recommended,295790,15081734,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Fernweh,This game is as stunning as it is difficult to control. While I love the story and breath taking landscapes I was constantly frustrated with an easy task made difficult by controls. Still love it and recommend it to anyone who wants to play. 4/5P.S. Also would make a great educational aid for a world education class
,Recommended,295790,15081917,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Mumeiro,"I recommend this game with a warning: it is incredibly short. I beat it in under three hours and that was with some of the bonus content. That being said, it is a fun game. Platforming with some puzzle solving, ""boss"" levels wind up being higher-risk puzzle solving. The game isn't punishing, in fact it can be too easy since they make your mistake obvious to see. There were only a couple instances in which I felt something was ""cheap"" and that was merely a minor glitch, nothing that would detract from the game. The real heart of the game however lies in the unlocked content, videos and interviews with Inupiaq storytellers, and commentary on the land, heritage, culture and even clothes needed in the harsh environment.If you're a fan 2D platformers, consider this game. Though, for some, it may be best to wait for a sale or price drop to pick it up."
,Recommended,295790,27882918,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,simonV,The game have a great story.
,Recommended,295790,27932152,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,zypsilon,"+ Cute+ Easy+ Great atmosphere+ Great for co-op with people with little exposure to gaming+ Can be played alone+ Great short documentary clips of the Inuit's lifeNo major complaints, but for some these might be issues:- Not too challenging- Slow paced gameplay"
76561198018338347,Recommended,295790,28129449,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Miss Berry,"This game is stunning. The art is beautiful, the story is touching and captivating. The cultural insight videos are complementary to the story as little mini-documentaries (or pieces of one larger documentary). I haven't played foxtails yet but I purchased the whole shabang - the game, foxtails and soundtrack. I highly recommend this game if you're interested in beautiful art, storytelling and a vibrant northern culture."
,Recommended,295790,28114404,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,leszke,"Great adventure in the icy world. Not for the youngest players, because of couple of scary scenes, but... it's one of best platform games I ever played. Great music. Cool game!"
,Recommended,295790,28015215,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Consul of Consuls,I originally got this game about a year ago when I was going through some hard times and I just wanted to experience something beautiful. This game more than delivered on that with a captivating story that's rather well delivered through the game combined with a fairly interesting documentary in the background that excited the inquisitive child within me.
76561198121646995,Recommended,295790,28054645,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,derTeddybär,"Wow ! It's not a game like all these other games out there. It's not a typical jump n run video game, with enemies you have to jump on or some special effects. In this game, you wont find money, but owls, telling you stories (movies) about the life of the Iñupiat.I would recommend this game to everybody, who loves good stories, good soundtracks or just games with a very stunning atmosphere.==> In steam sale you can get the game for only 2,99 €.Trust me, it's worth the waiting !"
,Recommended,295790,28396804,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Thrillsbury Show-Boy,"A time capsule for future generations of native Alaskan peoples.Brief, fun, beautiful."
76561198338677833,Recommended,295790,28350259,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,MaxMario3000,"Beautiful game, wonderful music, wonderful atmosphere."
,Recommended,295790,28411056,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Garrus,"Well, this game basiclly wants you to teach about the Alaskan native tribes, through little documentaries, which are very very interesting and u unlock those documentaries while playing the game, but i gotta say that, gameplay itself isn't that much enjoyable, because of terrible controls and stupid AI, because of which you have to do, same things over and over again. Overall 7/10"
,Recommended,295790,28004025,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,[AKS] Okaria,"A lovely game with a beautiful story, inspired by tribesmen's legends of Alaska."
76561198036458541,Recommended,295790,28567965,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Freezeraystop,Short and sweet game.
76561197988936139,Recommended,295790,31760034,Posted: 14 May,all,vaneredmoon,"For the most part I really loved this  game.  I played it on Single Player which has been getting a bad rap.  Yes you have to switch between characters and if you as the player move in the wrong direction then the AI controlling the other character with cause you to be frustrated.  Using projectiles can seem to be best guess but if you look carefully at where the girl is pointing to then you know where the bola is going.I would agree that this game would have been better with co-op, but the story of the game is great.  The lessons in the game are great as well.There is not much for much else besides some puzzles, and a great story"
,Recommended,295790,31799868,Posted: 16 May,all,Leaf,could not shine as fox 4/10
76561198056119776,Recommended,295790,31834287,Posted: 18 May,all,bornbyforce,Fairly short and sweet. Animations are beautiful. everything is cute.There is something amazingly zen about the whole game. It feels like a Japanese documentary. There is a feeling of content between the lines.You enjoy some puzzle and along the way learn about a culture that like any other will sooner or later get dissolved into the global culture of information age. Just glad that it was made before that happens.
,Recommended,295790,31979810,Posted: 26 May,all,Katze Beilschmidt,"This game is great.  It does have some AI flaws, but it's very playable, so it's not a huge problem.  I love the story to it, the graphics, and the learning that comes with it.  I've replayed it twice and I've replayed the Foxtales DLC (which I also really like).  Overall I'd give this a 6.5/10, since it's not perfect but an amazing game nonetheless."
,Recommended,295790,28075728,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,HAMBURGA PLIS,"Short game with a beautiful story, the clips are also really cool!"
,Recommended,295790,31863032,Posted: 20 May,all,Ambassador of Darkness,GOOD GAME CO-OP WORKING PLAY HAVE FUN AND I WILL SAY BUY AND PLAY THIS GAME
76561198017992013,Recommended,295790,28601335,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,jimkeir,"Simply stunning, some of the most beautiful animation I've seen. We may all be a few weeks away from either thermonuclear or plain thermal Trumpageddon, but at least I'll have experienced this game before I die. Treat yourself now."
,Recommended,295790,28694741,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,ุ,"Asian people are Smart , they know how to show their tradition to the world .It has a short movie in the beginning of each parts of game about Asian traditions and it's helpful if you want to know Asian people better !Nice graphic , good story !"
76561197970855201,Recommended,295790,28440245,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,erk,"Gorgeous game, educational and can pluck your heartstrings at times.  Definitely worth it."
76561198028203819,Recommended,295790,28440496,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Cax6ton,"Poignant, educational, and unique; this game is better than the sum of its parts. The criticisms you'll read are accurate: there can be some glitchy spots with movement, sometimes it is frustrating (not as frustrating as old-school Tomb Raider and the like), and as a puzzle/platformer it isn't terribly complicated and isn't anything special as far as mechanics go, but none of those things can stop it from shining at what it does best. Its purpose is to entertain and educate through interactive storytelling (a native Alaskan legend you've probably never heard of) and in that respect the good graphics, lovely soundtrack, and simple mechanics combine for a compelling experience."
76561198074448272,Recommended,295790,28548153,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Hyperion,Games like this one are so important. Having the Inupiat representing themselves is empowering for all people's whose culture is so often appropriated. To be able to listen and learn from the elders and people of that culture is invaluable.This game is also a testement to the possibility of using video games to educate people revitalize fading and vulnerable cultures and maybe even get people to learn some endagered languages. In a world that is becoming more and more homogenous due to globalization it is more and more paramount that we learn to see the world through many eyes so as best to appreciate its complexity.
76561197989598542,Recommended,295790,28679727,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,ᴹᴶ8165,9/10f*** killing foxie and then bringing it back as Fox Boy... gaaaay!
76561198047365720,Recommended,295790,28683952,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Aeolus,"An interesting platformer with straightforward gameplay, a good story, graphics, and audio. This is a shorter game taking from around 2 to 4 hours to complete. Gameplay is pretty easy, although there are some parts I had to play more than once to complete. Most of the story is told through cutscenes inbetween gameplay, and not in the gameplay itself. I would recommend this game for it's story and gameplay."
76561198066914077,Recommended,295790,28661715,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Megashark,"I really love the art and story for this game, but the controls made it really difficult to progress. Maybe this game works better with a controller, and I will be the first to admit I am a novice at platformers and puzzle games, but I had trouble with the fox responding to commands without deadly delay that made certain parts of the game very frustrating. I would still recommend this game, it is beautiful,  but maybe check it out with a controller if you have one that is compatible."
,Recommended,295790,28931194,Posted: 1 January,all,XfireMH,"This game is a work of art, and the devolopers really out did themselves with this.    The soundtrack is peacefull and the dlc Fox tales is worth for the extra dollar.My only complaite is the sencond half of the game.   Story wise its okay, but the gameplay felt like a chore with its new macanics and I prefer the first part more.All and all I say its worth checking out, and playing it around christmas time."
76561198065308086,Recommended,295790,29040557,Posted: 5 January,all,jo_godmer,"Never Alone is a puzzle-platformer that explores the culture of Alaska Natives , the gameplay experience is not only enjoyable, but also educational. You take control of both a girl named Nuna and an arctic fox ! ( DLC... short and sheet)8/10"
,Not Recommended,295790,28992662,Posted: 3 January,all,BB-8,"I feel very disappointed... the story is realy interesting and the main characters are very cute and likable!but the above statements are the only good thing I can say about the game (and I don't usualy write negative reviews).The game is definitely not for single play :/ it is a real test for the nerves to switch the controls between the 2 characters and most of the times the responses are totaly not as expected. The game could be more acceptable if 2 people are in control... but then again we'll still face the BUGS!Like the girl falling in unknown abyss while walking on completely even land... or stopping jumps in midair and dying there from nothing... or shooting for a ghostly ball just to see the start of the animation of the ghost and none such present afterwards... (I had to kill the girl quite some times to make this ghost unlock and it was like the very begining of the game)...all in all - the graphics are nice, the main characters are adorable, the story is rich and probalby you could immerse in the atmosphere.. if it wasn't for the heavy testing whether your zen balance is strong to face so much attack to the nervous system."
,Recommended,295790,29036639,Posted: 5 January,all,Luka Modrić,"Good game for playing in couple, good immersion, good graphics and story.Short life duration.Made you learn a lot of things about inuit culture.7.5/10"
76561198041068415,Recommended,295790,29030046,Posted: 5 January,all,TooLittleTooNate,"An honestly gorgeous, amazing game. A fairly simple, cut story line with some fun platforming. Everything I was expecting and more."
76561198066567121,Recommended,295790,24115871,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Jlord666,Simple gameplay but an awesome art-style. Don't play this game if you want the challenge of games like Ori and the Blind Forest or the puzzles of Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons. Play this for an immersive Iñupiaq tale and the chance to experience a foreign culture. Especially enjoyed the documentary style footage.
,Recommended,295790,23942202,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Davy Fones,This game was absolutely fantastic.A couple of little gliches with jumping here and there but nothing unexepected or that majorly impacted gameplay.The art was stunning.The concept of providing the cultural insights along with the game was amazing.Learning from people that apart of these tribes about their culture was a great addition.10/10
,Recommended,295790,23849493,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,TheManyFacesOfMe,"Based on Alaskan Folkore this game is simply a beautifully told story. The unique art style mixed with the gameplay makes for an amazing game. If you are debating getting the game here are a few things to know:- It is not a very long game, I completed it in about 3 hours- You can play the game as a single player or in local co-op mode, you are allowed to switch between the two during gameplay- Regarding other reviews that mentioning glitches, I had none. I play it on a PC with an Xbox 360 controller and it ran smoothly.Overall, I would highly recommend the game. I really enjoyed it. The bond between the girl and the fox is a lovely thing to watch unfold. Also, the backstory regarding what this game is based on is pretty interesting."
76561198100938010,Recommended,295790,23849942,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Rusaia,"I never really liked this kind of game, but the cultural aspects, video clips and mythology really make it interesting!  Getting to love it.  :)"
,Not Recommended,295790,23871165,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Gybelle,"Beautiful story and graphics. However gameplay was quit disappointing. I missed obstacles I was aiming at or ledges while jumping due to minor (but annoying) glitches in the game. Also, within a chapter you have to do the same actions a lot to solve the puzzles, which got really boring. Wanted to love the game and his concept, but it just ain't my cup of tea."
76561198061676986,Not Recommended,295790,24153379,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,AraFin,"Despite the game to very insightful and the videos of the culture, environment and animals being of 1st quality the game was brief and at some point hard to maneuver (in my opinion). Otherwise, if it’s for a bargain price, give it a shot!"
76561198167152787,Recommended,295790,31405317,Posted: 27 April,all,dr. Magnetron,"This is... a nice game. I loved the story, the visuals, and the cultural insights.But beware!I think this was made to be a co-op game. I played in single mode, and found it to be raging difficult! Controls are clunky and unresponsive. I played with mouse and keyboard, and was disappointed when I found out that the game doesnt allow binding mouse keys to the controls...I had to quit the game a few times due to the rage. And I am pretty sure that was not the developers' intention for this game."
76561198183942987,Recommended,295790,33337273,Posted: 7 July,all,Ché,"Movement can be a bit frustrating at times, but that aside from that it's a fantastic game, great story, amazing soundtrack, beautiful art style, and also educates you on Iñupiat culture. 9.5/10"
,Recommended,295790,33299277,Posted: 5 July,all,nativewolf82,This game is so beautiful with the graphics and culture and all the true stories from the people. It's a well put together game I love it. I would definitely recommend getting this game.
,Recommended,295790,33399165,Posted: 9 July,all,histora,"Short and fun to play with my family.It has alot of cool background stories. Like the history of this game.puzzles are very easy to complete, might not be a challange to veterans.overall a fun childrens game."
76561198208281208,Recommended,295790,33429419,Posted: 10 July,all,ginchiyotachibanafan,"A wonderful game with a great story about the North Pole told by people from the North Pole.Runs great on a GTX780 and a I7 4770K 60 FPS 1440P.I played this with my girlfriend the whole story till the end.Had a great laugh and the game showed us some wonderful moments about friendship.Had this in the Steamsale and totally worth it, for full price it's a little expensive.But together with DLC, great for 4 hours."
,Recommended,295790,30258876,Posted: 1 March,all,Vickingtor,"Beautiful platformer for all ages. Best played in two player mode for more entertainment and amusement. Simple and direct puzzles and very nice story. The graphics are at times dazzling and fantastic. If you like getting a few hours of platforming puzzle in, this game is very good for the fun and the puzzling."
,Recommended,295790,29197706,Posted: 11 January,all,kcdragon,"Really unique platformer. Controlling both characters was interesting and not too bad as a single player. The game is pretty easy in the beginning however it does get difficult at the end. It is not a long game. Took me about 4 hours to complete the game and find/watch all ""cultural insights""."
76561198207775072,Not Recommended,295790,29183718,Posted: 11 January,all,iamstarving,People usually play games to feel relaxed and amused. The game is awesome but controls are terrible so it makes people nervous more than being relaxed and amused. Always starting from the beginning just terrible.
,Not Recommended,295790,29269344,Posted: 15 January,all,KzuRyuSen,Do not buy this game with its full price doesnt worth it..! graphical glitches everwhere boring controls are also bad..it is very school child level (6-12) Not challenging or not nearly long enough..This shows like the whole game was built just for the sharing of culture and folklore nothing more..
,Recommended,295790,29402427,Posted: 21 January,all,Aria Theo,"Beautiful graphics with an interesting fresh story. This game is short, the controls are a little clunky, and the platforming doesn't provide much challenge. A relaxing story experience."
,Not Recommended,295790,29310183,Posted: 16 January,all,Chevalier Mickael,"This game was visually appealing, which is why I purchased it. The stories are mostly presented as documentary-style videos. This isn't exactly what I'm looking for when I go to play a game, but I certainly appreciate the fresh outlook on what gaming can  be; this is why I prefer computer games to console in the first place!As far as the actual mechanics go, it's a pretty easy play. The gameplay reinforces cultural and other story-line aspects that you learn about in the cut scenes. This certainly makes you understanding of the character's perspective within the story, however it also made me feel very constrained and clearly at the will of the narrative, trudging along to the next checkpoint to watch yet another documentary."
76561197972742899,Recommended,295790,29466675,Posted: 24 January,all,biggroover,Loved everything about this.
76561198023712888,Not Recommended,295790,29475989,Posted: 24 January,all,Darth Andy,The gameplay is really boring. The fox was really cute until he became a little boy. The second half was miserable to play. I wouldn't actually recommend this game to a friend.
76561198048656058,Recommended,295790,29512076,Posted: 26 January,all,TINFINS,"I would definitely reccomend this game!  It's got a great atmosphere aided by surprisingly charming graphics, wonderful narration and artistic cutscenes.  It autosaves often enough to keep you from getting frustrated in some of the more difficult levels, and gives you hints if you don't get it the first couple times.  The simple use of different moves slowly integrated into the game makes the puzzles interesting without being too complicated.  A well-designed and executed story."
,Recommended,295790,29705917,Posted: 4 February,all,Major A. Mazing,"The game is different, creative and original. Its atmosphere is very immersive and enjoyable. It is unfortunately quite buggy compared to other games. A lot of the time I wasn't really sure if I was solving a puzzle or had fallen victim to a bug - which is a quite unpleasant feeling to be playing a puzzle game with. However, the game is definitely playable and enjoyable. But until further updates you will have to account for bugs when you play."
76561198040603623,Recommended,295790,29707049,Posted: 4 February,all,Jojobean,"Never Alone is a single player (and co-op) platformer based around Native Alaskan stories. The major focus of the game is on the story itself, which is told with beautiful visuals and environments.Pros:-Beautiful story + wonderful characters. Absolutely fell in love with Nuna and the white fox.-Breathtaking visuals, sounds, environments.-Learned a lot about culture. You actually collect Cultural Insights, which unlock short videos where you can learn more about the culture and hear stories. I loved it.-Puzzles relatively easy but still fun to solve-Lots of check pointsCons:-Controls were a little frustrating,-Certain parts felt not adapted to single player. (For example, I needed Nuna to hold a box while I moved the fox up to the platform, but Nuna let go when I changed characters making the puzzle extremely hard)-Died a lot-Pretty quick to finish-Not a lot of alternative paths/explorationFor an enriching storytelling experience, I would recommend this game!Excited to see if any more stories are released!"
,Recommended,295790,30047696,Posted: 19 February,all,saulhdz,"I bought this game a long time ago but I jus got to play it. wao what a game, you learn while you play it, its like a documentary plus a game you can play with ur kids. highly recommended...."
76561198148353365,Recommended,295790,32791628,Posted: 25 June,all,53Jman,"A indie co-op, 2D platformer that will captivate you with it's story telling, creativity and art design. The gameplay of the game is decent to good and will have to get used to some of it's aspects, it can be frustrating at times when you die, because that will happen (key-word 'will'). This game will take you less then 2 hours if you do it in one setting, 3 if you die a lot and take breaks. Never Alone (Kisima Ingitchuna) is a very welldone, captivating 2D platformer, with an art style that'll make you want to take as many screenshots as possible and so on.If you're an old school gamer who grew up on the old Nintendo consoles and Playstation 1 & 2 consoles, you'll feel right at home. If you like platformers you're in for a treat and if you like the different art syles, you'll love thie even more.All around, great game, 10/1o"
76561198172810593,Recommended,295790,32782457,Posted: 25 June,all,Animizu,"Such a cute game, but a liiittle too short."
76561198076919186,Recommended,295790,32756413,Posted: 24 June,all,Joonbugger,"I just finished the main storyline and played it by myself. It was frustrating at times, but overall it was a beautiful game with an excellent background/folktale. I liked the story immensely, which made the frustration worth it. I would recommend this game when it's on sale."
76561198115226378,Recommended,295790,32758012,Posted: 24 June,all,HappyEvilSlosh,Short but very cute. No complaints about the puzzle aspect about it but don't think it was an amazing part of the game either.
,Recommended,295790,33504887,Posted: 13 July,all,蒸汽帮我登上人生巅峰,"Never Aloneis an linear light puzzle platformer with the Alaskan Natives' culture and mystical elements.The game does well in being a puzzle game; it offers appropriate difficulties, ensuring it can be enjoyed by the masses rather than the hardcore minority. However, what makesNever Alonestands out is not only the game itself; it is all the cultural elements integrated in the gameplay, the story, the setting, and the art style.The killer point of this game: it offersminute-long documentaries about lives, values, and cultures of the natives as well as elements in the game.The documentaries are offered as collectables that present themselves in the game as owls. This provides both an incentive to unlock all achievements and an unique opportunity to peak into the lives of the Alaskan Natives, who remain in hunting-gathering lifestyles till this day.The short documentaries, known as ""Cultural Insights"" in the game, total to a number of 30, including those in the Foxtale DLC. The documentaries paint a vivid picture of the Alaskan native culture and the people thereof, and it immediately sparked my interest.The clips reveal values and philosophies of the native people, which could very well lend insight to the lives of us city-dewellers. I may not play the game itself again, but I probably will watch the clips again.In the game there are two controllable characters, the girl and the fox. If you are playing alone, you alternate between the characters to solve the puzzles.The game also offers a cooperation option, so you can play with your friend, family, or boy/girlfriend if you have one. I don't.Be sure your FPS is high for this game.If you have a bad computer like I do, you will get very low performance. As a result, the controls become delayed and unresponsive. This is DAMAGING to the gameplay. For a lot of my hours spent on the game, I wrestled with the controls. But please beware of the fact that this is my problem, not the game's.The Foxtale DLC is a must-have.I picked up both during summer sale for an insane price, and it is worth every penny even if I bought it for the original price. The DLC offers a new story with the same characters and another hour of gameplay, while revealing more insights into the native philosophy. I personally feel that the puzzles in the DLC is more fun to solve than whose in the original game.Overall,Never Aloneis a casual game that is fit for all to play. If you like puzzles, casual games, love documentaries, and/or have a boy/girlfriend, I strongly recommend this.9/10"
76561198045101557,Recommended,295790,33585085,Posted: 16 July,all,K4ttyBG,A truly beautiful game that has taught me a lot about the Iñupiat (an Alaska Native people). I really like the clever idea of giving small interesting information videos as rewards along the way. However i wish the controls could have been a bit smoother
,Recommended,295790,33602469,Posted: 17 July,all,TheEverydayPagan,I honestly love this game. You learn more about the first nation people and they make it exciting to the point that you don't want it to end. I am glad I chose to buy this game.
,Recommended,295790,28623490,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,RuiG_87,"Never Alone is a fun little platformer, for the most part there isn't alot to say about the gameplay since it's as simplistic as it can get with you literaly just running, jumping, pushing and pulling. The game is playable either solo or in co-op with the player switching between the human character and the wolf at will in the former or each player taking control of each character in the later.Later into the game some small aditional mechanics are introduced but going into them would spoil the story of the game.Visualy the game is very atmospheric and looks overall very nice, with good design choices and its cartoon style. The music is very well composed and for the most of the game is so subtle that it blends well with the game's atmosphere, however something that might slighly put off some players is due to the fact that the narrator of the game speaks in Inupiaq meaning that most of the time players will have to stop playing in order to read the subtitles during gameplay segments.The story isn't anything that hasn't been seen before in other mediums, it especially feels like something that has been seen in a Studio Ghibli movie however, the game does make use of Inupiat lore for its story and extends a lot of cultural insight of the Inupiat people so one can't fault it for that.The game can be beaten in 3 or 4 hours although I feel as if the length is just right for what the game is going for, especially since it ends before it can get boring.The game isn't outstanding nor revolutionary but it is stil a fun experience, if you can pick up the game on a sale I urge you to give it a shot since you mostly likely won't be dissapointed."
,Recommended,295790,16846479,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Miss Croft,"Short and best played in a single session, this game visualizes the Inuit culture.Throughout the game you also unlock videos that are essentially little interviews with Inuit people from Alaska talking about their community and beliefs.The very beautiful art style and atmosphere ensure a unique experience!But like... if you are as bad at Jump & Runs as I am then there will be some points where the game gets annoying...However, I did play Single-Player, so I'm sure that if you play Ko-Op those passages become more bearable.Overall well worth the money! :)"
76561198001736399,Recommended,295790,33776900,Posted: 24 July,all,poor_yorick,"This is a beautiful, atmospheric game with a touching story and some unique gameplay elements. I really enjoyed it! That said, be aware that it is short (~2.5hrs), and the controls can be a little frustrating at time. The downsides aren't enough to ruin the game, but are enough for me to think that it isn't worth the list price of $15. I recommend, but suggest you wait for it to go on sale."
76561198006689642,Recommended,295790,33916768,Posted: 30 July,all,Ferex,This game is a very unique way of telling two stories of the alaskan natives while giving inside into their habits and history.I recommend this to everybody who want's to learn more about them while playing a nice platformer.
,Recommended,295790,33936725,Posted: 31 July,all,Lord_Sparky,"Beautiful and engaging. The art style was so gorgeous, I found myself drawn in by what was going on around the characters as much as the tasks ahead.It also featured many short interviews and documentary pieces throughout, and although I thought I would be bored by these distractions, I actually found them extremely engaging. They added a new layer to the game and didn't drag on for very long at all."
76561198057088681,Recommended,295790,34048556,Posted: 5 August,all,TheLoadedPotato,Great game! I think I died less in limbo though. Very much like limbo/ inside as far as gameplay though not nearly as dark. Good story and concept. I will check out the DLC in the future which continues the pair's journey. It would have been nice to check out the co-op to see the struggle. The A.I. occasionally did some really stupid things. Worth full price IMO
,Recommended,295790,34626388,Posted: 30 August,all,Grau,"Cute and easy, especially if played in co-op mode. Based on Iñupiaq stories. Unlock movies about the real people as you progress."
,Recommended,295790,35004439,Posted: 16 September,all,A Facetious Fox,"Overall an interesting experience, with gameplay similar to Trine. The story is interesting, and presents a myth tradition that I, at least, was not familiar with.The story telling is very much let down by some poor aiming controls, and a number of the puzzles are more frustrating than fun because it's rarely intuitive how to approach solving then, requiring trial and error that takes multiple deaths and reloads."
76561197982757866,Recommended,295790,14238170,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,A.H.M,nice game
76561198120590994,Recommended,295790,35298000,Posted: 29 September,all,rpardini,"This is a very pretty and unique game.  It does a wonderful job incorporating Iñupiat storytelling and cultural insights into the gameplay.  If you don't mind that the controls are a bit clunky and that the game is on the shorter side, it's fun."
,Recommended,295790,34055698,Posted: 6 August,all,babycakes,"I love the creative direction of this game. It is an E X P E R I E N C E. From the art to the soundtrack, the presentation was high quality, and these elements delivered a cohesive vision about the spiritual connection that humans have with the world around them. There is something so lonely yet comforting about the game and its embodiment of this message. Just thinking about the title screen, I can feel a tug on my heartstrings, and I can hear the soft piano track playing in the background. The high production value also manifests in other aspects of the game. Everything just looks really nice, from the art to the level design to font choice and to the documentary videos that you unlock as the story progresses.With that said, some people may be turned off by the game-documentary-game-documentary format that is pushed by the developers. I didn't really mind it when I was playing it, but I do think it limits the ""fun"" of the game in a sense. On one hand, the short videos explained cultural elements of the levels, making my experience more enriching. Because of the background provided, the storyline and hocus pocus stuff made sense. On the other hand, I was less likely to play the accompanying Fox Tales add-on because of how much more mental effort I felt that I needed to contribute to the game in order to do the Inuit culture justice.Characterization was a little lacking; I didn't even know Nuna's name until I saw it on gamefaqs. You don't really get the antagonist's reason for being evil, either. Both simply exist because legend said so. I think the devs deliberately made this trade off to push the educational aspect of the game. Personally, I don't see why they couldn't do both. What I will commend them on, however, is fostering a relationship between the player as Nuna and her fox without having them say a word. This animal is your only companion in a bleak and grim world. It reminds me of Wander and Agro from Shadow of the Colossus.In terms of level design, the game was easy to medium difficulty as a puzzle platformer. I felt that the solutions were intuitive, and you would quickly learn what to do and what not to do when interacting with spirits. There were only a handful of times where I got stumped to the point where I looked the answer up. I will say that the whiteness of the snowy backgrounds did make it hard to see: A) the solution and B) death-inducing parts of the environment. I can't tell you how many times I acidentally jumped into icicle spikes, thinking those were in the background.Regarding my frustrations, I was mainly more upset by the controls, as I found it extremely easy to fall off and die if you did not climb juuust high enough before jumping off a ledge. Keep in mind, however, that I am FAR more jump-death prone than other gamers."
