user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197986902042,Recommended,295850,12711287,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Stormo,"Recommended but ONLY while it's on sale, and ONLY if you don't mind a game consisting purely of reading and choices.Vlad the Impaler has virtually no gameplay, and the only thing you, as the player, do, is make choices as the story unfolds. At its most basic, it's a choose-your-own-adventure type of game, but of course, the subject matter is different from the traditional children's books. Your character is sent by his liege, the eponymous Vlad, to investigate the increase in murders and violence in Istanbul, and depending on the character you choose, you will have different means to conduct your investigation, and defend yourself when attacked. Your character has stats, and they will increase and decrease during the adventure, making him or her better at surviving in different ways.The writing is gripping and engaging (though for some reason, the word ""and"" is always missing), and while a playthrough can be completed in fifteen minutes, you'll find yourself doing quite a few of them, because it's impossible to do everything in one playthrough.Negative points about the game are the fact that you don't know what outcomes your choices will have (and sometimes they'll be questionable), and that the stat increases and decreases seem to be a bit strange at times.So if you like reading and playing a choose-you-own-story type of game, and you have a vivid imagination, you can buy this one while it's on sale. Its regular price isn't justified, not out of quality concerns, but by how short a playthrough is."
76561198031894343,Not Recommended,295850,11281804,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,jimkricket,"First of all when you start the game you will be thrown into a world of confusion. There is no in-game manual, no forums or creator's website to check on, you will have no idea what each of the 8 stats do and how they affect the game. You will choose among the places opened to you to visit per chapter, and subsequent chapters open up more locations and these locations hold events that shape your adventure, and each time you visit a location you will get a random event from a pool created by the developers(you may get them randomly, but the events themselves are always the same), these events will usually ask you to make one of two choices, that will have the conclusion pertaining to your choice. You have to note that the characters that you picked are not you, they are your avatars with their own history, and during events I find that characters will use their hidden knowledge that players didn't even know they know or that they are qualified for, or using clues you've obtained which was never properly explained. Depending on the places you visit and the choices you make, you will be rewarded predetermined or penalize stats(in which you have no idea how the developers came to the conclusion that these are what you should profit or lose from the experience of the event). With this method, I find it defeats the purpose of making your own choices, since a player will see all the events via multiple play through(see the spoiler to why), then pick the most advantageous choices to maximize stat gain.(Spoiler) At the end of the story you fight the boss(which is the only time these stats seem to have any use), and you choose from among the ambiguously named choices on the left panel(which are actually battle events that utilizes your stats to ""fight"" the boss). The higher your stats are, the better the story result for that option you picked, if you win in the story event against the boss he will take a strike, with 3 strikes on the boss you win, the opposite is true if the boss wins 3 battle events. In which case kills your character, ends the game and deletes the save pertaining to that play through.It just feels to me like this game is made to be a quick cash grab. Contrary to the bit about the developers knowing what we want as a gamer, this game is far from complete, alpha stage at best."
,Recommended,295850,29445402,Posted: 23 January,all,Faudraline,"“I am all in a sea of wonders. I doubt; I fear; I think strange things, which I dare not confess to my own soul.” ― Bram Stoker,DraculaI'd like to start this review with a confession: when this game was recommended to me by a friend, as a most successful visual novel I might enjoy, this wasn't what I was expecting. I got hooked up after the first playthrough and went on full exploration mode here. I really do like visual novels, and I always had a tendency to enjoy Gothic narrative when it's well-done so why not a combination of both? Ladies and gentlemen, I present to youVlad the Impaler.Vaguely based on Bram Stoker's timeless Gothic classicDraculaand mostly taking its factual background from the Transylvanian-born Voivode Vlad III Dracula of Wallachia -Vlad the Impaleris a short visual novel centering around an educated traveler who had the luxury of calling the vile count ""an old friend"". Our adventurer receives a letter from the nobleman, urging him to visit the city of Istanbul and discover whatever vile force of darkness may be holding the city in its clutches. He claims that even the Sultan himself wouldn't set foot on the street, knowing full-well the supernatural danger waiting at every corner. With this plea at hand, we travel to Istanbul to either save the city, or die trying as any doe-eyed, good intentioned adventurer would do. Yet, we are to remember that once we gaze onto hell, the hell gazes back.This is when things get an interesting turn. For the game mechanics, we are to choose one of the three classes as the game starts: the explorer, the soldier and the mage. All these classes will be relying on 3 of the 6 relevant stats to pass some stat checks in each episode, and eventually face the final boss at the end. You have 15 days - or turns - to raise these stats based on your choice actions and various encounters within the city. Each encounter takes place somewhere in the city, and may result with stat raises or decreases depending on your choices. Choices in these encounters are not various but they are interrelated to several investigation branches with decent narrative.There is a 7th semi-relevant stat - which would be the charm. It is mostly an irrelevant stat, yet raising it will present you the only peaceful solution at the end of the game. Aside the stat balance, most of your choices would influence your morality, considering it is a horrendously vile setting with the worst kind of creatures roaming around. Based on your moral standing at the end of chapter 4, your class will automatically chose a sub-class and attain a 4th relevant class skill. Some encounters would be only available if you have visited and solved prior ones, so the game presents some replay value too. If you snatched this game for the purpose of achievement hunting, you'll be replaying it a lot anyhow - since the appearance of legendary weapons are purely luck related, making relevant achievements quite stubborn to fetch.Considering this whole game dynamic,Vlad the Impalermight be labelled as a visual novel with light RPG elements. Not grand, not spectacular yet somewhat satisfying. Yet, atmospherically it is not lesser than being majestic. Artworks consist of pencil drawn backgrounds, oriental city silhouettes and various mystical depictions of a medieval Istanbul, with the darkest possible elements of horror harbored into one. Music is an eerie beauty, elevating the whole setting at each turn with dreadful suspension. Narrative, aside a couple of overlookable grammar mistakes and some minor disconnections in the event flow, is dark, vile and elegant; brutally effective at describing every unsettling detail in each scene. Sure this effect fades off after your 5th playthrough or so, but it is worth the experience anyhow.At the end of the day,Vlad the Impaleris a one dollar game for you to take 3-4 hours of enjoyment out of it. If you do not expect a miracle, knowing full-well the core dynamic and genre of the game, it is worth every cent and your time to enjoy a short yet dark adventure. Good day, and good gaming to you!Please also check out Lady Storyteller's Curator pagehere- follow for regular updates on reviews for other games!"
,Not Recommended,295850,11354054,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Alt,"This ""Novel"" can probably be described in one sentence; Boring, confusing, bland, short, and not worth the 10$. When I first bought the thing, it didn't even work until a patch was released so we can play it. It takes about 20 minutes to beat the whole story, and the story-line structure/mechanics in the game are organized poorly (E.g., You have a stat system in-game that doesn't serve any function until the **Spoiler** Boss battle.) Although, I do admit that the art and the gui in the game is pretty neat, it still looks more worked on then the game itself. I enjoy good reads however, but with the presentation of a premade story (Which pretty much destroys the whole ""Create-your-own-adventure"" feel),vague character ""classes"" (Which serves more as a cosmetic, since Classes barely do anything except give you different starting stats and look), and the lack of effectiveness a result is from a choice made makes this game a display of wasted potential.<If I could refund this game, I wouldn't. Instead, the developer can keep the money, but in return I would want this game off my library so my friends wouldn't know that I played it.>"
76561198118316517,Not Recommended,295850,12781263,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,raggedsid,"This game is, unfortuantely, a mess. The drawings are beautiful, but there are tons of random words just missing from the narration, which can make it hard to follow. Otherwise the writing is good, but the missing words are consistent and pervasive. The chunks of story aren't written modularly enough to support having so many choices all at once; often you'll visit a place and people will reference information and events that haven't happened because you visited in the wrong order, even though there's no indication of an order. Because of that, you don't get a coherent narrative out of it unless you're lucky.  All in all, this sounded like a great idea, but it doesn't work at the moment."
,Recommended,295850,16644512,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Skógarbjörn,"Let me start off by saying that this is not an RPG, like a great many of my fellow reviewers would like to think. Vlad the Impaler is an adult-oriented visual novel, and is built on storytelling and atmosphere rather than hacky-slashy action bits. You do not play by mastering game mechanics so that you can beat the final boss, but by learning how the world works and using your wit.GAMEPLAYThe gameplay consists first of fifteen days you are free to spend as you see fit within the city of Istanbul, in an attempt to reveal the source of many sinister murders within the city walls. You click where in the city you wish to travel, and what you wish to do once there. You will for the most part be reading, and appreciating the artwork of the game, and then making decisions for your character underway. These decisions will affect your stats, meaning that your character is shaped by what he does in the game. For example, if you were to gain favor with a crowd of people for winning an argument with a corrupt cleric, your influence within the city would rise, thus increasing your charm stat, allowing you to much more easily persuade people to do as you would have them. Or, were you to witness a particularily horrifying sight within the catacombs, your constitution would go down as a representation of your mental health.Some people complain about this system, because it is sometimes hard to see why a particular stat has gone up or down, and becuase you sometimes cannot influence it. But I found that stopping and thinking for a moment when in doubt as to why the game had given me the stats that it did, it made sense in the end. And though it may sometimes feel cheap to lose stats because of an event which you couldn't predict, you should be fine as long as you do not actively seek trouble. For example, delving into the catacombs alone and with no map should to most people sound of mind sound like a poor idea.SOUNDTRACKThe soundtrack in this game is amazing, and adds a lot to the game's atmosphere. However, it is on the short side, so you can expect some of it to loop after you've played the game for a while. This isn't really something you will notice unless you go out of your way to listen for it, though.GRAPHICSThe artwork is all beautifully hand-drawn, and invokes a sense of dread and despair fitting very well with the game. Though the game is largely text-based, the artwork along the text serves to increase immersion. I found myself searching up various scenes from the game after having completed it just to look at them again. Though art will always be subjective, I personally adore the style that the game went for.STORYThe story follows the grim journey of your player character as he attempts to unravel the mystery of Istanbul. The city is descending into darkness, murders happen on a nightly basis, and several cults and creatures are starting to rise to the surface. Sent by your old friend Vlad, you will quickly find that something has gone horribly awry, and that those who preach of goodness and piety might well carry the greatest darkness of them all...There are plenty of side-stories to follow, all of which are really well written. However, the game suffers from some disconnection as you might start a side-story and never end up finishing it, or finish a story that you did not start. There are also some grammatical errors, as the game is not made by native English-speakers. However, I find that this is not enough to break the atmosphere that the game builds, though some people may react more strongly to it.CONCLUSION:Playing Vlad the Impaler is like reading a good horror novel. It's scarier than any game I've played before, including Outlast, Penumbra and Amnesia. Not because it's got scary monsters that pop out at you, but because it builds a sense of inescapable dread and despair, the likes of which is found in the works of Bram Stoker, H.P. Lovecraft and Edgar Allan Poe. I would hesitate to call it an artsy game, but it definetly takes inspiration from great works of literature. If you're a fan of horror, or just classic literature, play this game. It's great value for the price. However, if you're after more of an RPG or traditional visual novel, this might not be the game for you. It also does require an appreciation for good art and writing.I don't like rating games from one to ten, because it's all so very subjective, especially in this genre. I will say, however, that this is an amazing visual novel, and it's perfect for a gloomy night, alone with headphones in a dark room."
76561198039542610,Not Recommended,295850,11313265,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Sisyphus,"Seriously? Come on, Steam. This isn't actually a game. I played it through from start to finish in less than half an hour.What small amount of game there is, isn't bad. The core concept is cool, the artwork and 'main menu' event choice isn't bad. The writing isn't completely terrible, but it comes off as confused due to how limited the decisions are (and having to guess what the developers think your character should do based on a few words for each decision is annoying). The modular format ultimately leads to the feeling that your character doesn't matter whatsoever, and you're just navigating through a bunch of randomized binary events which don't have any cohesion.Not only that, but if I can play it from start to finish in half an hour and the only replayability draw is a 'gotta see 'em all' approach to the random events (which really don't have much relevance, except for the psuedo-combat event at the end), you can't really call this a game. At least the Hero Project (which is a CYOA in the same vein) had a large amount of content and was worth a couple hours of gameplay per chapter. While I wasn't overly fond of Hero Project's writing and design, it had enough content that I'm comfortable calling it a game. This isn't a game.Before it can be called a game, Vlad would benefit from a couple really basic design decisions like a 'choose your own backstory' that personalized your character and a plot that has a logical progression from one event to the next, instead of a bunch of snap shots cobbled together (and only 15 total, at that) which affect your stats in unpredictable ways and have no ultimate point (as your stats only affect one outcome, the finale).Pretty disappointed that Steam was willing to put this up for sale as a complete game."
76561198002008859,Not Recommended,295850,11279682,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,|UKMD| Angelus,"Very limited choice, selecting a character seems to have no effect on story progression and if you go to the same area over and over in each playthrough you'll get the exact same story each time. really linear."
,Recommended,295850,31680903,Posted: 11 May,all,o⠀n⠀e,"Maybe it have some technical issues. Maybe the story is not special in any way. So what? In this game the atmosphere is important, not the gameplay, not the logical outcome of player's choices, not grammar. Just look at it goatdamnit! I dare you to name one Visual Novel game that surrounds you with darkness and constant feel of endangerment so well. I know VN genre allready has some not-trashy titles with artistic values, but what the genre needs is more games like Vlad the Impaler, so please make more!Pro tip: The music is incredible, but the piece can drill your head after 100 plays, so if that happends I strongly reccomend to listen to OST from the movie Dracula (Coppola 1992) composed by Wojciech Killar. It fits amazingly well and enchants the playthrough."
76561197968514473,Recommended,295850,11334541,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Meat-King©®,"„I can see you carry the weight of the entire city on your shoulders.“Vlad the Impaler represents a text-based adventure game (visual novel) with some decent role-playing game elements. The dark atmosphere and creepy music are well-done, and create an authentic medieval environment during your exploration of Istanbul. The hand drawn graphics are superb, and complement the atmosphere and storyline.On the other hand the rough transition between the chapters and abruptly added story-related events often cause a break in immersion. In addition your statistics do not affect the outcome of the random encounters, except for the final boss battle. Furthermore it is a very short experience, which can be accomplished in less than an hour.Overall, Vlad the Impaler is a short and enjoyable game, but a great deal of gameplay aspects and potential remain untapped.Achievements:Estimated time for 100 % completion: +8 hoursSingleplayer achievements: 30Multiplayer achievements: none"
76561198053860492,Recommended,295850,20358166,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,MalaGaa,"Slightly different take on a story of Dracula, ""Vlad the Impaler"" is a short text-based visual novel (or choose your own adventure, if you prefer) with an interesting setting (most of the game takes place in medieval Istanbul) and visually stunning art style.The game can be completed within 30 minutes, but it takes some time to discover which choices will help you to defeat Vlad. In the key events your success is based on stats, so careful character development (giving the light RPG feel) and discovering the outcomes of the individual choices is a crucial part of the gameplay. There are 3 available characters classes, and each class can evolve into 2 ""advanced"" professions depending on your actions.The game includes a morality tracking system, and while neither deep, nor impacting the storyline much, is a nice little touch nevertheless.""Vlad The Impaler"" has its issues (listed below), but at the current price point, if you like visual novel/CYOA type of games, you can't go wrong with it. Recommended!Pros:+ amazing artwork and atmosphere! (it's worth getting for the art style alone)+ original setting+ can be completed multiple times with slightly different endings/choices along the way+ achievements extend game longevity a bit (to a couple of hours)Cons:- no manual save game option- too much emphasis on ""dry"" stat building instead of delivering coherent narrative- a number of achievementents are too much, SPOILER ALERTforcing you to re-play the game just to receive the proper item, which is randomly determined with a little chance to appear, so it's likely you will have multiple ""empty"" playthroughs just to get them.- minor bugs (if it freezes, or you don't see the choice: just quit the game and run it again, it saves your progress automatically)"
,Recommended,295850,11279956,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,shoggofu,"My thoughts after completing the game:It took me not much longer than an hour to play through the game once. But I don't care that it was short, it was so cool to play. I Definitely recommend it. I loved the writing some of the stuff that happened in the story was really interesting and exciting. I really liked the presentation, so many beautiful sketches, great music along with the narrative created a really awesome atmosphere.(optional let's play footage)Unfortunately for some reason steam does not like the URL for part 1. But if you are really keen to see some gameplay footage of this game find it in my Youtube channelhereinstead.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JBBH5tCnDpsHow would you describe this game? The best way I can think of to classify is as an illustrated choose your adventure novel with RPG elements. It's a has very dark, ominous, macabre atmosphere. Each part is backed by hand drawn greyscale scenes illustrating events which are described in text. You have the city screen where you choose where to go and investigate next. You are only able to visit 1 to 2 place each turn. You are not able to keep tabs on the entire city everyday because there will be anywhere from 5 or more locations to choose from. Within each scene you will be presented with two choices and have to make on of them. For example whether or not to carry a weak woman off a boat, I chose to help. But it turned out that she was a vampire and the reason she needed assitance was because she was unable to cross moving water. You actions have consequences. Usually choices result in the increase or decrease of your stats such as strength and magic or a change in your reputation. So, yeah basically the game boils down to choosing which places to visit each day and which choices to make in each place. That's how you interact with the story.There is basically no animation and virtually no colour in this game. But I really liked the literally very black artwork. I liked the omninous, atmospheric music. I really liked the written narrative and the setting. For example it was cool to be able descend into catacombs and be confronted by some pretty ghoulish characters. Some of scenes are pretty gruesome, terribly mutilated bodies strewn around the city's streets and some brutally violent events. For example my poor guide through the catacombs basically had a chunk of her skull ripped out by the jaws of a ghoul. Even I gasped a little when I came to some parts. The game has a very strong horror theme!So, so far I'm really impressed by this game (doesn't that make me sound horrible straight the previous paragraph lol). Okay so I haven't put replayability or variety of twists and turns of the story or it's outcomes to the test yet. But I sort of got the feeling that with only being able to choose 1 to 2 out of 5 or so locations per turn and different choices made at each place that the game has potential for different experiences for each player and playthrough. In addition there are two other character classes you can choose from that I haven't looked at yet which should affect things further. Also I got up turn 10 of 15 turns in only around 30 minutes. So if the ends at turn 15 then it's a pretty short game. But to be honest as long as I enjoy the rest of the game I would consider it is short and sweet and that would enough to satisfy me.As much as I loved this I have to admit for such a short game it may be a bit expensive for those who wish to get the most gaming time for their hard earned cash. Also I have to let you guys that the game seemed to bug out slightly at the end for me, in place of like the last paragraph of the story there was a wierd message with underscores through it. Also I've looked at one of the other reviews here and apparently at end of the some of the images didn't render properly and they could only see a big blue mass or something. But hopefully more people don't have these problems.If you like this game, clickherefor my review and let's play videos of Soul Gambler. It's similar sort of game, which I really liked although it is pretty short.Clickherefor more let’s play videos =)"
76561198140299850,Not Recommended,295850,16633926,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,foofaraw,"I'm very afraid that I simply can't recommend ""Vlad the Impaler"". It has many good aspects, but too many bad.The art is nice, but it's composed entirely of still scenes made to appear to move by camera pans. The selection of a player type (basically explorer, warrior, mage) seems to offer promise. But it quickly reveals itself as only offering the illusion of a non-linear game. You are given options as to what part of the city you wish to visit, and a menu selection of options once you arrive there. But the options come from nowhere, with no background. (""Find the soldier's head."" WHAT soldier? ""Buy a falafel."" Same menu, honest to God.) And no matter which you choose, you will end up with the only one that actually furthers the story.The eventual result of your ""choice"" will be the increase or decrease of certain character attributes. This is where 'Vlad the Impaler"" REALLY gets squirrelly. For example, breaking into the dock master’s office and finding 6 brutally murdered bodies increases ""charm"". Carrying a dying girl to the doctor decreases your ""intelligence"", with no explanation. (NEVER with an explanation.) Making a deadly enemy by humiliating a street preacher increases ""charm"". Maybe it's cultural.Speaking of ""cultural"", many of the deficiencies are made up for by the humor created by language barriers. Several example of which:""It seems to elude that there was a secret temple to Medusa...""""Keeping the jagged knife just beyond the slice of your flesh...""""You hurl your torch at the thing that's grabbed hold of her are suddenly struck with terror...""AND my personal favorite;""The Order of the Dragon Hmmm""Should I ever change my Steam ID, it will be to ""The Order of the Dragon Hmmm"".Not the worst game ever. Not even the worst game today. I really DO think it gets better. Really......"
76561198048974498,Recommended,295850,11465113,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,rjmacready,"I'm going to recommend this one...but only JUST. And believe me when I say this is not a game ""for everyone"".If you're only into action-packed games which show off your ""mad skillz"" at mashing buttons...definitely not for you. If you're the kind of person who complains about game length, and associated ""value for money""...also definitely not for you (unless on sale for, say, a good 80% or 90% off). And if you're the kind of person who finds themselves frequently questioning whether a game even IS ""a game""...yeah, you may wanna avoid this one like the plague.Vlad the Impaler requires an open mind and a perhaps vested interest in the ""experimental"" possibilities of contemporary video gaming to even HUMOUR buying it. So I suspect that's 95% of you counted out already, and fair enough I guess.So what does one actually DO in Vlad the Impaler? I'll try to explain. Um...it's mostly a text-based adventure game where, at least until the final confrontation with good ol' Drac himself, you only ever get TWO choices to make per scenario you encounter; the end result of which is more text (some of which is actually very imaginative, and definitely not for the squeamish)...and in all probability some minor adjustment to your Stats, which only have any bearing (as far as I can deduce) on the final confrontation.The scenarios themselves are instigated by choosing one of a very limited number of locations in the city of Istanbul, and after fifteen such stand-alone encounters, or ""turns"" (which gradually unveil an overall plot of sorts...kinda...sorta...up to a point), events shift to Castle Dracula, which seems to consist of only a few areas - which play out exactly the same every time - before you enter the throne room of Vlad himself, where you make one of a handful of decisions as to how to handle him, and sit back and read the results. Oddly enough, I managed to defeat him twice by choosing to ""Charm"" him (don't ask me...in real life, I have only marginally more charm than the dude from Zero Charisma, so I'll be ♥♥♥♥ed if I know how this♥♥♥♥♥♥works).That's about it really. And I managed to play it through three times in 90 minutes; though certain encounters being repeated on subsequent plays did help me to speed through it all the quicker on successive playthroughs (so upwards of an hour per game, at best). And there's only three character classes, and having played them all I can't honestly say that there seems to be a HUGE amount of difference between how they affect the game...So why in Beelzebub's good name would I be RECOMMENDING this, you ask? Well, firstly because Steam reviews don't allow me to hit a button precisely half-way between a yay or a nay, so given that this is essentially a ""quality"" product in as much as what it aims to achieve, my conscience dictates that I must vote in the positive. Some of the writing is actually very nice, the hand-drawn artwork and music are both quite exquisite and suitably atmospheric, and some of the events are impressively gruesome (not visually, just in concept...mayhem involving children being an especially recurring theme, so if that kind of thing easily offends you, there's yet another reason to steer clear of this product).Honestly, if it was free or had a preposterously low RRP (say, two or three dollars at most), I'd be singing its praises at least slightly louder...but $9.99 is taking the♥♥♥♥♥♥a little, I gotta say. Wait for a really, really good sale price, or just avoid completely if it doesn't ""sound like you"". Me, I'm the curious type, so I don't tend to get too embittered about these things. It is what it is. And what it is ain't all that much, when all is said and done.A free copy of the soundtrack would certainly add a tiny bit more value to something which I can't otherwise see anyone getting more than a few hours' worth of entertainment out of, even with replays. The decision is yours, on your head be it...Verdict: 5.5/10 (and even then, only on sale)."
,Recommended,295850,24489583,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,AccidentlyOnPurpose,"6.3/10 - A Dark & Gritty Visual Novel and Passive RPG Combat!I love visual novels so I knew what I was getting into prior to purchasing the game. There will be some reading; you are forewarned. The art is pretty good, it’s dark and there are a plethora of locations to explore in an effort to prepare yourself to square off against Vlad. The only thing that proves frustrating is the autosave feature; after each ‘event’ it will save preventing you from going back and making better decisions.There are 3 classes to choose from; this will impact the playthrough but doesn’t prove any more or less effective than the others. Each character has assigned stats such as intellect and strength. Based on the decisions you make your stats will be impacted making you stronger or weaker. The goal is to explore the world for a specified amount of turns until you are finally ready to confront the king of darkness.Overall, this is a really good value for only $1; if you don’t like visual novels you won’t like this. I did though.Accidently ReviewedWas this review helpful or maybe even not helpful? Either way join this group for more. Free Keys and Reviews weekly!Steam Group: AccidentlyReviewed"
,Recommended,295850,25908650,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Audish,"If I mention the phrase ""visual novel"", that probably means something doe-eyed and infuriatingly passive to you. Visual novels outside the realm of anime are as rare as unicorns but they do exist, and are on occasion just as magical. Vlad the Impaler is one such offering, allowing you to do battle with the forces of evil through a tight narrative structure and careful choices of words.After picking one of the three starting classes you are whisked away to the exotic streets of Istanbul where evil is afoot. Dark forces have gripped the city, spreading death and madness to its furthest corners. Your task is to root out the source of this blight, and you do so through text adventures. Each day you can take three actions by choosing a location from the map and an event that occurs there. As you read through the event, you'll be presented with a choice that affects the outcome, and the rewards (if any) that you'll receive.The events to partake of in Istanbul range from buying falafel at the market to unearthing eldritch gateways beneath the city, but make no mistake, every choice you make carries grave consequences. Helping a beggar at the docks might give you an important clue to use in a later tale, and small favors can unlock new options on subsequent days. Your character also has eight stats to track that are used in skill checks late in the game, and can be raised or lowered as the result of your choices.Each of these events is presented in fine narrative style, describing the action and details in clear prose. Every action comes alive with sickening crunches, putrid scents, and threatening shadows. You may also have gathered there's very little light or levity to the story, and I definitely won't deny that. Plenty of people will die in gruesome fashion, many dispatched by your own hand. For most of the game you'll find your character nigh immortal, pulling through ambushes and attacks with surprising ease. All of this is presented in an excellent monochrome sketch style that helps sell the atmosphere of ancient, unspeakable dread.You'll spend five days in the city, chasing down leads, battling evil, and hopefully getting your stats up to where you need them. That's because day 6 opens with a steep skill check that can end your game immediately if you don't make the right choice for your character build. If you manage to prevail, you'll be presented a selection of powerful weapons and then head off to the final confrontation. This is a series of dramatic scenes against powerful foes, culminating in a literal boss battle with a menu of combat options. This is not at all a simple battle, for your success will depend on the order in which you use your options and whether or not your skills support those options.The stat system ultimately is what holds this game back the most, because it is obscured in the worst ways. There's no indication other than textual cues of what stats affect what choices, nor is there any way to know what effect story choices will have on your stats until after the fact. That means your first few adventures will end quite suddenly and ignobly on day 6, and will continue to do so until you start memorizing which events give which stat bonuses. It's a surprisingly technical game but in a very static way, challenging you to puzzle through the same routines over and over until you find the optimal path.I don't think most people will have the patience to conquer Vlad the Impaler more than once, but then again I don't think they really need to. The excellent writing and presentation will carry the game for a few adventures at least, and those intrigued by the mechanics of the game will stick with it longer. I would appreciate it more if it were more forgiving of novices, but there's still plenty to appreciate even if you can't best it.Did you enjoy this review? I certainly hope so, and I certainly hope you'll check out more of them athttps://goldplatedgames.com/or on mycuration page!"
76561198005426490,Recommended,295850,12746535,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Resolver,"Interesting game with a great style.  Pick one of three classes, then make choices about where to explore and what to do.  Each choice will affect your stats and sometimes your morality.  I made around 10 runs through the game in 6 hours.The worst thing about the game is the editing.  There are extremely blatant typos throughout.  ""Draw if you wish, talk to the artists enjoy some food, rest culture before continuing with your investigation of the city's horrors.""  They could pay a college kid to proofread it for a few hours or just crowdsource the locations of all the mistakes and could make it a lot better.  For a story conveyed primarily through words, many people will find this annoying.If you think you can look past typos and would enjoy a dark, interactive VN, give it a try. 5/10"
,Recommended,295850,12279792,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Zedd's dead,"I originally rated this game down, but due to updates in the game and the pricing, I am revising my review.  This is a “choose your own adventure” type game that has a rapid progression, so it is a bit short for each play through.  However, the development system is done through a clever character class system, the graphics are nice and the story has been cleaned up a bit.  The addition of steam achievements was a final nice touch.Now that the game has been dropped to a more appropriate price I can recommend it fully to those who enjoy this genre."
,Recommended,295850,30607292,Posted: 18 March,all,Styx the Hyena,"So I was pretty impressed with this little text adventure / visual novel. I really enjoyed the art style of the game, the hand drawn feel makes it feel much more gloomy and dark. I also really enjoy the story telling and writing of the game, what it lacks in gameplay it makes up for in writing. The writing isnt perfect, but going to Istanbul to find a conspiracy and looking into things for your old friend Vlad was really interesting and it was cool to see how they end up making Vlad the bad guy. I also really like that you can pick multiple classes and get different stats, but eventually it just turns into picking certain options depending on what class you want to be.As for the ending, its really really hard to actually kill Vlad, which kinda kills the fun. The only way I have  been able to beat him was by going the peaceful way and convincing him to give up. All in all, this game is only one dollar, so even with a few flaws, I think its still a cool game to check out.You can also check out my video review of it herehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zxZ7cKqNEFg"
,Recommended,295850,11613591,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Dean Winchester,"So first off let me state this reccomendation is based on what this game is, not what people might THINK it is. It's your typical ""choose your own adventure"" text based game. The graphics are phenominal and the story is pretty solid to boot. Worth a few play throughs but ultimately unless you are achievement hunting it will get repetitive very fast and lose some of it's glimmer. Worth it if you have three friends to split the four-pack with. Otherwise I might wait until it goes on sale."
,Recommended,295850,12719347,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Spacewolf,"A neat little ""choose your own adventure"" of sorts, it's more story than game. Not a bad story, though. There are a few grammatical errors here and there but it's not a big deal. Overall, if you like this kind of ""read then make a choice"" kind of game, you'll like this. Will it keep you entertained for many hours? Probably not, which is why it's only five dollars. I think it's worth it at that and certainly worth it if it's on sale."
,Not Recommended,295850,17188050,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Coaldust,"I bought this game for the art.  I do not regret it.  I love the art.  I wish there was a convenient way to just browse it without playing.The prose is serviceable.  It has minor spelling and grammar errors here and there, but is otherwise well written.However, as a game, this is terrible.You have several days to wander the map.  There is so little guidance that all you can hope to do is wander aimlessly.During this time random events will happen.  These events often refer to other events that never happened in your playthrough.  These eventsaretruly random.  They never seem to have any bearing on the overall plot.Over time you will be ‘forced’ into different parts of the map, closer to Vlad.  There is no in-game explanation for this.I personally beat the game by picking things I thought would get me killed when I arrived at Vlad's castle, hoping that it was not simply ignoring my choices.  It seems it was."
,Not Recommended,295850,11316579,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Vraizyn//Blight,"Not as badly written as most adventure games, but, that said, it's still not great and I found the ending to be rather lacklustre (though this could be a result of it's coming so quickly). The concept is interesting, as is the execution. There's a decent variety to be found in events in subsequent play throughs, but, that said, they don't really seem to influence much of anything, and there is little to no connection between them. Unfortunately, each play through will take ten minutes at most so the game really isn't worth getting, even at it's relatively low price.The art style is actually quite nice, but the greyscale colour scheme gets boring after about the first two minutes.Normally with ten dollar games I'd say give anything that surpasses, or even sits flat in the centre of, mediocrity a shot. But with this game...the length of play is just too big a factor to ignore. Don't get it unless it's on sale for a dollar or two at most.2/10 (Taking into account length)**4/10 (Ignoring length)**If you really want a CYOA style game pick up the Heroes Rise series, which is, though less pretty, cheaper, far longer, and simply better .**These scores are not an IGN system where a 7 is average.**"
,Recommended,295850,20903783,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Stasis,"Overall Vlad the Impaler is a great interactive graphic-novel with fantastic art and an intriguing dark story. However it does suffer from a few drawbacks, the main one being that the developers have tried encouraging players to replay the game dozens of times with the choice of multiple classes, outcomes and weapon choices. The problem with this is that the game lacks variety, mainly with not offering enough different scenarios to keep each play through unique. After the third or fourth time you've easily done every possible scenario at least once with very little varied difference.  Even if there was the same amount of scenarios but more than one piece of art and choice was given each time I think the game would have defiantly benefited.Another drawback is that the game contains quite a few spelling and grammar errors that were never fixed. Makes me wonder how the game wasn’t proof-read?  I can only assume the game wasn’t originally English. While this isn’t a huge deal it is distracting and completely breaks the immersion of the story. Finally the game has an issue where it displays a black screen upon launch, this is fixed by verifying the game cache but is pretty irritating and really should have been fixed by now.For its current price of $0.99 I would defiantly recommend still giving this game a chance, while it’s far from perfect and disappointingly shallow, it’s still worth the price and sinking a few hours into."
76561198005545497,Recommended,295850,11411179,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Lord Stormakov,"Not worth the $10.00 but it still a pretty awesome ""interactive graphic novel""."
,Recommended,295850,11380353,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,[IG] Spatium,Fantastic story. Indie games like these a real killers. Seriously. We need more the this. Absolutely worth Ten bucks. Hope more is added later on. Or maybe even another version like this for other medieval events.
76561198009903018,Recommended,295850,12306959,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Corwin86,"Very short adventure/text game, but with a really nice graphic and a convincing and mature story.5 € seems a good price for it.In short, a good horror adventure/text game."
,Recommended,295850,30779783,Posted: 27 March,all,Knight Templar,"Yeah, this is not an RPG, it's a novel. I recommend this game to people that can resist looking at brutal, bloody (macabre) things like dead people, sacrificed for rituals, people who are dead on long spikes, mutilated bodies etc. I like that the main antagonist is Vlad the Impaler, the voivod of Wallachia (Romania). Three classes, many dialogues, choices.. It's a little bit short but it's a cool novel."
,Recommended,295850,24733277,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,✩ Helenα ✩,"I must say that I really liked this game. Yes, there are a few problems with it, but I think it’s worth a shot. Loved the art style and the BGM, and I would love to see another game like this one.6/10."
,Recommended,295850,12228151,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Big Papa Pablo,Great story telling visual novel simple strategy-ish game with awesome soundtrack! All around joyfully short replayable game!
76561198079490836,Recommended,295850,12713662,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,amatherly666,"The text based has a unique sense. There is also a morality to the game of the things you can pick in each situation which as well does this game justice. I could not see this game in any other form this type of game is literally made for text base gameplay. Do i recommend it? yes, it has an interesting story line and very vivid imagery."
,Recommended,295850,20518314,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,gigesdij7491,Very beautiful artwork and a very interesting story well worth the price. Unique story with depth that really places you in that world.
,Not Recommended,295850,12740133,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Obiwan J Kenobi,"While the concept art and music are appealing to me (I love the gamebook concept, which dated back into the days where the Lone Wolf series were popular). However, this game does not offer much flexibility in deciding how my character can become.There are few 'battles' where I can hone my skills and leveled up, which will prepare me for epic boss fights. I am expecting all these in an rpg graphic novel. Given very little control over the battle mechanics, I find it more constrained when the characters I choose have skills that I didn't know of, and activated in story options that I have no clue of.While some choices unlocked other beneficial options (eg killing the kidnapper allows the father of the rescued boy to give you some stats boosting potion, and grant access to the sultan's kitchen for more stats boosting concoction), the whole game didn't appear clear to me. In fact, the choices seems as chaotic as the game's opening indicated.I was hoping to get more satisfaction over the weekend with this game. It could really have been better."
,Recommended,295850,11326514,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,JacboJenkins,"Vlad The Impaler is a great game for anyone who enjoys the ""choose your own adventure"" books you would find in the fantasy aisle in Books A Million or such. Even though it has only a few soundtracks, the soundtracks are very good and give a nice European atmosphere to the game. If you don't like to read and make quality decisions though, the game isnt for you. Except for some fights, (i.e. against Vlad) you can make some choice on where to hit him or what to do in the fight. There isn't any 3D movement, it's laid out in a page format kind of like a book, and you can choose where to go in parts of the city to find tips or clues on the storyline. You may also have characters you meet such as old ladies in graveyards, and you have no idea what they might do, so choose your decision wisely, leave her alone or see what she's up to! It has a branching storyline so it can affect yoru outcome in many ways. It's worth the ten bucks i bought it for, but barely. I probably won't get more than ten ganeplays in before it bores me. But I definitely recommend it to anyone!"
,Not Recommended,295850,11355516,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Swiss Sneeze,This is a glorified text based adventure where you choose a location to go then sometimes get to choose one of two options. Your character appears to have attribute stats that go up or down depending on what action you take but it doesnt seem to do anything. You get '15 days' or 15 actions to play the game but then it gives the impression there should still be gameplay after the 15 days but the screen just awkwardly went grey with the stat bar visible.
76561198001340511,Recommended,295850,11297596,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,anangrysockdrawer,The choices in the game boil down to getting you some useful items and stat increase that for the most part help you with the final battle it only takes an hour or so to run through but I found it to be surprisingly immersive I very much enjoyed my first run through and look forward to pplaying again to see what I can change
76561198004471023,Recommended,295850,12925891,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Karmic Fallout,"Dark. Dark enough to enjoy; I find it atmospherically inspiring. It does have some grammar errors and a couple of bugs. There is enough here though, to sink 5 bucks into amd be satisfied unless video game novels violate some sensibility you may have."
,Recommended,295850,12709857,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Miridas,"An outstanding game, albeit the mechanics and story path are a bit shady and I sometimes felt I do not know what I am doing. The character attributes seem uncertain.I had very much fun in my first attempt to beat the game, but I failed by doing some wrong steps. Gonna try it again and so should you!"
76561198135703028,Recommended,295850,12731056,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,bbronto,"If you're reading the players recommandations it can be only for one reason : you are interested in this game but you still hesitate to buy it. Here's my advice : Don't hesitate !Very well wrote horror story that will makes you dying to know the conclusion of it.I just play it one time right now and think i will already win because of all the points i won during my first row... and then : Died miserabilly because of a single stupid choice ! Love it !Okay dark Istambul, i will not let you have me that easily again !"
,Recommended,295850,12734783,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Stimutax,"Its an odd little game, if you like DnD and the story of Vlad the impaler/Dracula you would most definatly love this game"
76561198022820771,Recommended,295850,12931666,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,SocioPsycho,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uXxC8qo4K6g&list=UU7_-PLIhjsEBwIQXqKxmNpAVlad the Impaler is a choose your own Adventure-style, text basedRPG game.  Graphically the game is fair and the music does a good job ofconveying the atmosphere.  One thing that makes this game different is thelack of physical combat;  game moves are based on the strength of theplayers stat points.The game is broken up into chapters.  While the story is well done,the results of your actions break down directly into how many ability pointsyou have and where.  As I played the game, I found myself choosing missionsnot by what looked interesting, but by which ones I could win based on whatstats I could gain.  It took away from immersion in the game.  You gain or losestats based upon your decisions in the missions, and while you play to earnstats,  unfortunately your stats play no part in the smaller missions.If you enjoy a text based game and aren't interested in a combat element,this game may be one you enjoy, but if you are looking for a game where yourskills are integrated into the game and have an impact on the missions, I wouldavoid this one.Overall for me, this game came really close to really being a great game,but sadly they missed the mark.  The story is good enough, but everything elsewas sub-par.This is a summary of my review video, which I encourage you towatch if you are looking for a more in-depth review.Thanks for your viewership and support; for more videos check click here.http://www.youtube.com/user/SocioPyscho"
76561198011698881,Recommended,295850,11280932,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Reverend Dr.THOR,"This game was fun but way too short. Needs more storys & Locations. If it goes on sale for less then $6, buy it.Buy this game if you like: choose your own adventure books, DnD, Magic, Batman, Vampires, Fine Art, & Scary ghosties"
,Not Recommended,295850,11288212,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,whatofirmon,"Yes, I've only had just under an hour of gameplay however I've done two playthroughs of this game.I had my hopes sent on this game. After watching the two videos on the Store Page I was sold. Unique art style, great voice acting in the video, curious/interesting storyline which is unique and not often seen in many games... However the end product was all together bland; just very oridinary.There is only one piece of voice over in the game which is right at the very beginning. I felt as if that voice in particular added something special to the experience of this game but alas, wasn't meant to be.You are thrown into this game with nothing. No manual, no form of a tutorial, no helpful information. Especially for those who have no knowledge or of lack the history of Vlad the Impaler, this game will be confusing. There is a lot of reading/information in text form (this is where at least some voice over would have been divine) and a lot to process. Yet it feels even with all this information being given to you, you don't really know what is happening. In multiple cases the dialog ran along the lines of 'It had been 3 days since...' yet I had only just arrived in the city and there is a counter in the middle of the screen of how many days you have been in game. Rather confusing.There are a number of ways to complete the game but all end with the almost the exact same result. I've done two playthroughs in less than an hour, not a long game at all, I am sure there are a few more but...-sighs- The ending was a bit lack lustre. I really don't know how else to put it.Overall, unique style (think graphic novel), interesting topic and quite nice graphical format but just seems rushed and poorly put together."
76561198089965168,Recommended,295850,24414198,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Bernsteinwolf,"Okay I can understand people who say this game is to linear of it's storyline, but for me the game was a nice play between with a good atmosphere of sound and artworks and I really like the story options.What I didn't liked was that the game saved after every event, so the outcoming couldn't be changed if you didn't liked them, so play it complete again.Except from this little thing I can only recomment this game for people who like simple graphic novels with a good atmospheric art style."
76561197995576985,Recommended,295850,11961029,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,shadowq,"Great idea, cool artwork, nice environment and feeling. Content is a little bit short, though. One must really replay the story multiple times to justify the cost."
,Recommended,295850,31619904,Posted: 7 May,all,Naughty Sherbert,I find this text based gameto be fun. It may not be for everyone but if you like every choice you make to count for something then you might like this game.
,Recommended,295850,13190613,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Ares the Foxy,This is one of the best story book games I have played in a while. So many choices and so dark. Give it a try!!!
,Not Recommended,295850,13101957,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,AirBear1,"A text adventure game with a few grammatical errors...a text adventure should be completly free of these.Has technical issues, like I tried to alt tab out and it messed up my resolution where I could restore it (because the menu went off the screen) also would load into just a black screen unless I verified the steam files before launching.But the biggest offense is...the world doesn't seem to respond to any of your actions. I helped someone out and they granted me access to a library, but I never got an option to use this library to investigate or study. One situation caused me to seemily fall under a curse and maybe kill someone, but I proceed with no mention of it and no effect except stat reductions...which I think serve a purpose in the final battle, but I failed before I could get there so I have no idea what their uses were (just like my dodge and throw dagger skill). Everything seems so arbitrary. I had the option, 10 days in, to look for a translator of symbols I foundon the first day. Why couldn't I have done that sooner? One chapter opens with me on a rooftop sword fighting someone, with no introduction to how things escalated to this event and no explantion afterwards. There are choices that I see no reason why I would ever pick them. There is an abundance of things for me to choose so why would I choose things like ""wander aimlessly"" or ""grab a falafel""?The art is decent enough. Certainly not enough to save it though."
,Not Recommended,295850,12764804,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,NutterFox,"Let's start with this: I really really wanted to like this game. It seemed like perfection in theory: you make decisions, you can be good or evil, Vlad, nice graphics, you can be a mage/rogue/soldier (cookies for the devs that the female character is the soldier not the mage and there is functional armor), you are a badass, vampire and monster lore, what else could a girl want?There are some interesting quests, some horrifying, some witty and sassy lines, some awesome art and some of the endings I saw so far were pretty surprising, but sadly none of these can balance that this game is seriously repetitive and irritating the more you play it.It can be maddeningly unhelpful and buggy. I played through several times already, yet I still don't understand how certain quests activate or what stat is required for what. You can ask about something on Steam community (as this is about the only place where someone actually answers), but you will probably only get a ""find out for yourself"" answer from others, so you have to try making other decisions and decision combinations which certainly will try your patience when the number of your playthroughs is in the double digits.You only get 2 options every decision: most of the time one of them gives good karma, the other evil karma. Your karma decides what specialization you get around Chapter 3.You can die between the chapters, if your 'relevant' stat(s) aren't high enough (and sometimes the stat you need isn't the one you think it is), so you don't really have too much choice over your build. Fortunately or unfortunately it doesn't matter much what specialization you got, because everything is pretty uniform in the end.There are 3+6 achievements which are the most aggravating thing in this game. You have to choose the eight weapons of every class (meaning: 3*(3 light weapons+3 dark weapons+1 light legendary+1 dark legendary)). Add to this that the legendary weapons sometimes won't spawn even if your 'relevant' stat is in the 20s range.So yeah. That probably means around 24 or more playthroughs, if you don't forget to write down what weapon you already chose and you are lucky enough to have the 3*2 legendary weapons to spawn.And let's not talk about the last fight, because that can be one of the most colossal ♥♥♥♥ups in the history of gaming and you pretty much only have a chance to winwithout charming (which has its own stat too)if you either had high enough stats or you got the specialized legendary weapon (which only happens if you had high enough stats at the end of Chapter 5). But sometimes the whole sequence gets buggy and you can't go back or forward so you are stuck and you have to start the whole game again, because the save feature is just... I don't know? Let's go with totally useless and let's say that it has room for improvement (but it won't probably get improved because I'm pretty sure that it was intended to be like this, so you are 'encouraged' to play the game over and over again).So you can roleplay and die a lot, but if you actually want to win sometime then you are practically back to only doing those quests which give you the needed stats AND good or evil karma. You actually don't have much freedom while playing.All in all:I will collect all of the achievements in the end, but after that I'll never replay this game and it'll probably gather dust in my Library, because I certainly don't want a nervous breakdown over any of this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198025192141,Not Recommended,295850,11291207,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,LeftHandedOctopus,"The game isn't difficult to figure out, but there is no explanation of character attributes or any real story to be found. Though there are some OK images shown and the storytelling itself somewhat engrossing, the entire package is fairly lacklustre and uninspired.The entire game boils down to a randomized choose-your-own-adventure novel; each randomly generated story path has 2 outcomes, some bad, some good, some neutral. Your stats and previous choices seem to have zero impact on future events.Bugs and unfinished portions of the game appear frequently. Needs polish.Overall: horrendously overpriced, low content, low replayability, unfinished. Don't bother."
76561198160587193,Recommended,295850,13326606,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,kyo,"An interesting, atmospheric graphic novel [CYOA]. I found the text sometimes a bit hard to read, but otherwise this game is well worth the money. Especially if you want an engaging storyline, stylish b&w graphics and a journey... that can be easily be replayed with different choices."
,Recommended,295850,22235687,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Jäger,"I don't have much time in this game but i have enough material to write this review.The art in this game is absolutely amazing and they use only 3 colors to achieve it,in my book that is a huge plus.The over all story is decent nothing extremely special.The interactions in the city is where the games biggest flaws are most of the time i find myself burried in a wall of text that is most of the time boring to read so i just skip it.Text in game can be shortend and made much more entertaining in my opinion,and also the use of ""big"" words don't do that stick to what is simple and what works.Over all a good game with its flaws that are equal its good sides. 7/10"
,Recommended,295850,13651734,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Night to your Day,"Remember those ""Choose You're Own Adventure"" books we all read as kids? This game is just like that except with achievments. :D Perfect for those who like RPGs/Graphic Novels/Choose Your Own Adventure Novels.Alternatively, the storyline is fast, compelling, and pretty straight forward. I would highly recomend because I'm a nerd and like these sort of things. I won't get board replaying the game over and over. There's three different people you can be as well as two different morals that you can choose to follow between each character. There's also multiple ways to finish off Vlad. So, it will be interesting to play through multiple times. :)"
,Recommended,295850,12742335,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Ivan (YearsLate),"It's more interactive novel than game. Not a very lengthy novel at that, but it's reasonably good quality, especially for the price. The replay value is entirely based on achievement-earning though- actual changes in gameplay/reading alone aren't compelling, let alone varied, enough to keep you coming back after one go through. Despite this criticism though, I rather enjoyed what this title had to offer and would love to see a much more heavily fleshed out title in much the same vein."
76561198011245766,Recommended,295850,11408407,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,imaginary winner,"First things first, is this game worth 10 dollars? Absolutely not. It lasts an hour and a half at most, and that's only if you do a seperate play through for each character class. However, if you've got a lot of money to spend and don't mind the relative lack of content, there are certainly worse ways you could spend it. For the short time I played this game I was at least reasonably entertained by it. If you like choose your own adventure books or visual novels, you might actually like this game. Just don't come into it with grand expectations."
,Recommended,295850,12305567,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Mudpuppy,Really good  'Chose your own adventure' type game. You play one of 3 characters and your states change based on the choises you make during the adventure which can change your class. With each play though you gain more knowledge on how the encounters work so you're able to shape your character to better suit you or the final outcome. This game is fun with very high replayability.
76561198020091628,Recommended,295850,11403055,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,LongKnight2010,"I like this game, i think it is a excellent tale of Dracula, and who doesn't like a good vampire story.The game feel unfinished:The stories in chapters feel very disjointed and jump as do the progressing of the chapters.Some glitches in dialogue in the Basilica.And the weapons and stats don't seem to play a great deal in the end.All that being said i beleive it to be a visual novel game with great promise.The graphics are greatThe music is awesome and really sets the moodEach story leaves you wanting moreIts underlining story is very good too.I think if the individual stories were fleshed out more, the mini characters would be able to take on more depth and there by become more relevant in regards to their lifes and deaths.Some well placed sound effect would really help the horror factor, not many, just a splash to give the gamer those unexpected jump moments.This game is very much left up to the imagination of the gamer to define what some of the games characters look like, maybe some overlay graphics of characters that are in conversations or scene can give the game that extra level of interactiveness.Some smaller battle where or weapons and stats come into play would be good as would more oppotunity to use charm in the game.Maybe some filler information between the stories so the jumps are not so jarring.I can see i am rambling a bit, but i seriously cant wait to see what kind of updates the developers come out with.All in all, a good game with the potential to be an awesome game."
,Recommended,295850,11533821,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,JBH,"If you like 'choose-your-own-adventure' style books and horror novellas, you'll thoroughly enjoy this.REVIEW -http://www.zero1gaming.com/2014/08/03/vlad-impaler/"
76561197970509330,Recommended,295850,11582704,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Blurfester,"I haven't played a lot of text based adventures, But Vlad is definetly my favorite. Very dark and brooding it tells of an ancient evil besieging the great city of Istanbul. You can be either an Explorer, Soldier or Mage seeking to put an end to Vlad's mischief. The atmosphere is creepy and convincingly brought to life with the absolutely stellar writing. A must have game. 5 out of 5 stars."
76561198115042128,Recommended,295850,11652443,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,ElusiveHoneyBadger,"Enjoyed every minute of this game, especially the music and the art work which really set the dark, gothic atmosphere this game was trying to achieve. However the price of this game is not worth it for something as short and basic as this, this is its biggest drawback considering you can get games such as FTL for the same price."
76561197997904662,Recommended,295850,12239682,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,KwakLad,"An interesting graphic novel because of the setting which is pulled off quite well with some characters that i just wanted to pursue and find out more about, the sound track is nice and fitting for investigating a city that may be suffering a multitude of curses. Very fun to give your own voices to the characters.The settings menu didnt work very well, the volume sliders slid, but did not affect volume levels and then returned to full volume position when returning to the menu.Some choices did not highlight when selected while they were selectable.Some spelling errors, which I know I stuggle with but in a game where reading is everything, it took me a few double takes to realise what was being said.Font looks pixelated at the resolution I did my first attempt on, (windowed, 1600x900) but was readable.OverallVery interesting setting, characters and themes.Excelent styling on font, graphics and art.Some funtional issues, that are easy to correct or ignoreWill play through several times with all the characters."
,Recommended,295850,22468193,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Stormfromtheheart,"Overall, it needs some polishing. There are a lot of grammatical errors which can make the story very confusing. Also, your choices can sometimes conflict with one another timeline wise. For example, one of your various actions in one day may be ""sneak around at night"", but then you go on to do other things. It can all be very confusing. However, the art style and music are very nice, in my opinion. I enjoy the black and white art. Sadly, after a couple playthroughs it gets quite dull due to the repetition. It's also less of a choice adventure as much as a visual novel where you choose what to visit, but the illusion is there. 6/10: Average Score."
,Recommended,295850,26141734,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Vlad [Black Prince],Very Atmospheric Game. Art in this Game just at Height.
76561198283103401,Recommended,295850,26135172,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,catlady66,fantastic i love it  and the art work is great story great love all the different ways you can go well worth it great game and hope to see more like this from these defo recomend to others
,Recommended,295850,25258378,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,The Stranger,"A very good, if a little short, visual novel\choose your own adventure style game.The music and artwork are awesome. Both help to convey the dark atmosphere of the narrative. The story is also quite interesting, if a little cliche (Dracula being a vampire) but it has multiple endings - which is always good.Your journey through this dark story can be cut short if you don't think before you act, and don't play to the strengths of your character. You also can't reload after making decisions, so if a decision leads to your death (due to not having good enough stats) then you have to start the game all over again; luckily chapters are short, so it's not much of a set back when you do die.I highly recommend this game. It's short, sweet, and has a dark and immersive enough story\world to keep you occupied."
76561197972048580,Recommended,295850,11452768,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Rochin,"This game brings the classic ""Choose your own Adventure"" to life quite well.  The artwork is fantasic and what sounds there are, set the tone and mood very well.  I have played this game 3 times so far and love the story and the different ways you can go about it.  If you enjoyed the old school Shadowgate or some of the other text based RPGs, you will enjoy this game.  As a tabletop RPG writer/designer I feel in love with this game quickly."
,Recommended,295850,11385091,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Woodthorn,"""Vlad is an interactive graphic-novel with RPG elements where your decisions shape the outcome of your story. Each playthrough offers a different experience and immersive story totalling two hours of content.""This is entirely true. The story that the novel tells is quite short: In 80 minutes I have been able to make one playthrough each with the three classes available and there's still room for more runs.The game offers little in the way of instructions and throws you to the hub-screen immediately. The story progresses by selecting one of the locations (starting with Port, Square, and Bazaar, with Catacombs and Basilica added in a later chapter, and Palace last of all) and then deciding how to proceed in the provided scenario. Your choices alter your stats and might have some influence on later scenarios. After finishing three scenarios the story advances to the next chapter, with the climax after the 15th scenario. The stats aren't used until the very end of the climax when you encounter the Great Evil.All in all I found the game and its story to be interesting. Even though its fairly short I find the possibilties for several playthroughs to make it worthy of the 9.99 euro pricetag."
76561197965272558,Recommended,295850,11451819,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Daetrez,I think people give this game perhaps more stick than it deserves.It is not in any way completely fleshed out but they aren't asking for a great deal of money for this experience. I think I've spent more in one trip to an overpriced hot brown liquid dispensing store.Check out my let's play at:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aEZT68Im96Q&list=UUbHKQNxPoAeT5aEx5Fdlgsw
,Recommended,295850,11448212,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Zukku,"There seem to be so many negative reviews of this game, however I find it quite good. First of all, it's a text based game with RPG elements, in the way that your choices have an impact on your stats, which in the end will matter.I like the story - it jumps a bit here and there and i would have loved for it to be longer than it were. But there is still more for me to see here.I don't think it's a bad game at all. If you like a textbased adventure with some gritty storytelling, this is your jam!7/10"
,Recommended,295850,29894828,Posted: 13 February,all,Beau,Absolutely lovely little story for its price~
,Recommended,295850,30709057,Posted: 24 March,all,Blackwood,"Oh this was so good. The story is amazing, and it's fairly hard too. Choices you made way back will affect you way in, and even get you killed if you're not careful. You really need to consider things before you decide what to do, because nothing is worse than death when you stand by the throne of the one and only."
76561198041123158,Not Recommended,295850,11439536,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,GaltonCZ,"10 EUR for 1,5 hrs of gameplay? Big disappointment.. I will try to replay it with different options, but still does not seem interesting enough. I dont recommend purchase under these conditions - No doubt it needs expansion of story or discount.Last time I buy unknown game for full price.Positive thing is art and soundtrack is also good."
76561198040645897,Not Recommended,295850,13186702,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,shaahin.ash,"This game is tideous. Let me make it clear: I love horror genre, adventure games and this dark theme. But this game is very superficial and not authentic at all. full of cliches.But this is not the main problem. The game play is very boring. The music is super monotonous. There is no logical line between events, they are like randomly scattered events. Even this super tedious gameplay is buggy! for instance, in one encounter, 2 out of 3 possible options were exactly the same!In less than one hour, I reached to the Sultan's chamber or hall or anything in which the sultan lives, although I have no clue how I could end up there because at the first scene it is said that Sultan was to somehow quarantined. Then I lost very stupidly.Just to mentioning it again, The music is specially bad. It is phenomenally bad!Moreover, on my retina display, the game runs awfully. The texts are hardly readable, and you know, the game has nothing more than text!Spare your money and seek for a better game!"
,Not Recommended,295850,16757388,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,curseyourichards,"This game is like opening a beautifully wrapped gift on Christmas morning and finding socks inside. Not even good socks, but mismatched ones with holes in the toes.Wrapping paper: The art, GUI and music are all utterly gorgeous. Holey socks: The game mechanics and story are a complete wreck.Vlad the Impalertakes place over the course of fifteen turns, broken up over six chapters. Each turn allows you to take a single action, which gives you a little snippet of story and presents a moral dilemma, and your decision affects your stats. For example: you can go ""Buy a Falafal"" where you run into a fugitive, then choose to help or condemn him, which results in a plus or minus to certain character attributes. After three of these events, the chapter ends, and you get new information about the plot.The trouble is, there is no guarantee that the three actions you take will be related, and there is no indication anywhere which ones are most important to the main plot. Some events seem totally random, and the story appears to be unaffected by your choices to the point that it moves on without you. Because you can only take three actions in each act, and thus only get three little vignettes of plot that may or may not be directly related to each other, you willneverhave all the information necessary to make real sense of the events that come later, unless you play through the game several times to readeverything, which is an extremely ♥♥♥♥♥♥ way to tell a story. Entire chunks of plot just end upmissing; and when each chapter ends, characters you've never met before may pop up and allude to events that haven't happened because you didn't play through them.In most visual novels or other games with choice based gameplay, events you play through are flagged by the system and ONLY storylines pertaining to the actions you've actually taken play out. That's not the case here, and it makes for a frustrating experience.There's also the fact that, while choice is a selling point in games of this type, there is alotof God Modding in this one that make your choices seem arbitrary and worthless. Free will is mostly an illusion inVlad the Impaler, and the plot moves you where it wants you to go without your say so. Suppose you choose to follow a mysterious woman who catches your eye and end up back at her home; when she tries to seduce you, you kill her and slice her head clean off--and the only part of this that was your choice wasfollowing her. You aren't given the option to coax information out of her before beheading her, or let her carry on with her seduction, or anything else, because God Modding is in play: you WILL do what the plot decrees whether you like it or not.It doesn't help that the prose leaves a lot to be desired. It's sufficiently atmospheric, but the grammar is terrible, a lot of punctuation and whole words are missing and many of the events are cliche. I might be more forgiving to those if the rest of the game's problems were less annoying, but as it is they're just salt in the wound.If the devs ever do an update that allows for more events or choices each turn or at least fixessomeof the grammar and punctuation issues, I would reccommend this in a heartbeat. (With the usual provisos about its content--it's violent, and falls into many of the usual tropes that are pretty boring at this point.)As it is, I'm going to have to say: give it a pass unless you can get it for at least 50% off."
76561198035786261,Recommended,295850,11544280,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,[AG] lazystonner420,just finnished playing for the first time ...TOTALY HOOKED! XD
,Recommended,295850,11288772,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,"Too big, too big","Im very mixed about this game. The gameplay is confusing as to what each stat does, and it seems that it doesnt except for the end game.The story, writing and artwork is superb. But that too is confusing - how does the character discover the things in the chapter transition story? And one annoying thing is that the events are disconnected from each other.For example at one event I was thanked for a thing I had not done and I was a bit confused, and on the next playthrough the event I was thanked for actually happened. Very immersion breaking.After one play-through, had to go back and check if this game is early-access. It is not.All in all I really like this game even with its many flaws. But for 10€ in its current state I am not sure if it is entirely worth it. I hope more content will be added and the events changed to feel more connected. Being a choose-you-own-adventure game there aren't really that much replay-value. I still recommend this though."
76561198021810329,Recommended,295850,11292741,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,fracnuis,"Very short, feels like stat building has no effect on choices, except possibly during last fight.For 8 dollars I'd expect something more, playthrough options should be affected by stats in some way to dictate possible outcomes.  This isn't a difficult thing, I feel as if I just payed 8 dollars for a barely complete version of a potentially great boardgame.Developers please take a note from settlers of Ctan.I'm pretty disappointed this game is being sold as a complete version, and not as ""alpha"".  And to boot for 8$, buyer beware."
,Recommended,295850,11283333,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,CountElmdor,"A text adventure of Gothic horror and investigaion. The art alone is worth the price of admission. A single run through took about an hour, but I would imagine there are at least 10 to 20 distinctly different possible paths through the adventure, if not hundreds."
,Not Recommended,295850,12718116,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Life Pilgrim,This is my very first review in which I'm not recommending the game.Vlad the Impaler just doesn't offer enough variety in its story telling to be played more than couple times. The story tends to feel disjointed  as well and rather simplistic.What's worse is that I see many grammatical mistakes in this game while the texts are all there is in this game.The only positive thing about this game is its artistic drawings that make up for what's sorely lacking in other areas of this interactive novel.I bought the game for about US$ 1.50 and I'm still not recommending anyone to buy the game.I guess we'll have to wait to see a much more meaty interactive novel that perhaps could be procedurally generated.
,Recommended,295850,12438709,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Nihilitus,"It's not a game. It's a interactive graphic novel. From my view, is the future of novels."
76561198058570053,Recommended,295850,11303609,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Warling,"Its predectable but entertaining, its a good story and one i have already replayed quite abit which is a big thing coming from me."
,Not Recommended,295850,12597099,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Artix,"I can, at best, say that I enjoy this game in an ironic way. It's a CYOA with some light RPG elements (though good luck ever figuring that out from the available screenshots and videos) but that would be giving it more credit than it arguably deserves. You have a choice of three main characters to start with, but the only differences between them are a slight difference in starting stats. Once you're in the game proper, it's divided into five ""Chapters"" of three days each, and on each day you can go to one of six or so places and see an event (it was originally random which event you got, but has since been patched to allow you to choose). Each event has two different outcomes - sometimes you get nothing for your trouble, sometimes you learn information or get an item, and regardless of your choice you usually get a small stat boost/penalty.Ostensibly, this is meant to be a setup where you can learn different information and do different actions along the way to make each playthrough unique, but the plot doesn't follow through with that at all. At the beginning and end of each chapter, you will always be in the correct spot for the game to continue, regardless of what you actually did over those three days. In fact, the only difference between playthroughs (aside from the events themselves) is your stat spread, and which options that opens and closes to you. There are more stat checks now than there were at launch, but the number of times that your strength or magic score actually matters can still be counted on both hands if we're being generous. There is also a morality system, though as far as I can tell the only thing it does is determine which of the two ""promoted"" classes you become.Forgetting the game and its structure for now, the actual writing is laughably bad. The developers were going for ""dark"" (which is in-and-of-itself not a bad thing, considering the subject matter), but went straight past it into grimdark-trying-too-hard territory. I mean, for god's sake just read the ""About the Game"" section of the store page to see what I mean. To the game's credit, there are a couple points where it all comes together and actually works, but those moments are few and far between (and mostly in the second ""half"" of the game). For the most part, the writing is dull and grimdark for the sake of being edgy.The one thing I will say that I like about the game is the decision to go with the all-greyscale artwork. There are times when it makes it kind of difficult to tell exactly what's going on, but on the whole it works. The music is entirely forgettable, all five or so tracks of it."
76561198043505020,Not Recommended,295850,11280885,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Ray Ray Thompson?,"I recommend this game for someone more interested in interesting events and happenings rather than the actual story, which continues on no matter what you do.The Art style is incredible, the escalation of problems is excellent, and the events are incredibly detailed. However, the events seem to be incredibly disconnected from one another, with no issue or resolution playing a role in your story later aside from morality.I also believe the game isn't actually finished yet.Spoiler below:Upon reaching reaching the throne room and running through the dialouge, the Prince's transformation was described, but not shown. Instead, a blue screen with the logo on the bottom appeared. I quit, reloaded, and the new, transformed image was up. But then, three turns into the fight, it jumped to another blue screen with the writing ""insult_throneroom_3"" or something along those lines, then ended my game."
,Not Recommended,295850,11318918,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Koekepan,"A pretty fun and atmospheric read at first, but way too linear for a 'choose-your-own-adventure book'-thing.The events at the end of each chapter always seem to be the same, regardless of what you did in each chapter. Choosing a different class also doesn't seem to change anything, besides a sentence or two.It puzzles me to see how many people were involved in creating this 'game'.It's a decent way to spend an hour or two, but don't expect much interactivity."
76561198074274261,Not Recommended,295850,11315386,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Bec,"Well that was disappointing.It's your basic choose your own adventure - like those books you used to read as a kid. You occasionally get to make a decision that...doesn't really have any bearing on the story. I was bored by chapter 3.It's a great premise even though it could use a bit of fleshing out. I love reading, but when I buy a game I'd like to actually play otherwise I'd have bought a book."
76561198047332858,Recommended,295850,12780802,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,biggsk81,"This is great if you like Choose Your Own Adventure books. Not really a game, more of an interactive novel.Great story, and artwork."
76561197987494077,Not Recommended,295850,11912380,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,richard,An interesting but seriously flawed game. For full details see my review herehttp://youtu.be/tV7N7LM_2BI
76561198051486861,Not Recommended,295850,12753633,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Rod Lightning,I'd recommend this at a severe discount. After dying during my first playthrough I went at it again. I'm really fond of these kinda short games like The Yawhg but sadly this game rarely works for me. 9 out of 10 times I can't START a game because after my screen just fades to black. Audio is there but nothing else..
,Not Recommended,295850,11280693,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Cyber-Freak,"Introduction of the game did well by producing a narrative, but that quickly abated by being silent the rest of the way.Had there been narratives for the 3 classes, the price would have been slightly better.The play through style reminded me of The Yawhg but with FEWER repercussionsToo short to be paying $10. $5 is a much better price! Be warned!If I only knew I wouldn't have boughten this, a demo is very necessary.Overall 1.5 / 5Pros:Mild/Basic Choose your own adventure, your choices don't make a great impact.Pleasant graphics for story tellingCons:Priced too high.No AchievementsNo Steam CardsOnly a short narrative for the beginning, for the same price you might expect more."
76561197991088969,Recommended,295850,11281005,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Sethfcm,"It definitely is a CYOA, and having beaten it is quite fun. The intro is abit...difficult as you first stumble to figure out it's style, but in the end I definitely enjoyed it, and found the final fight to be interesting as well.If it was longer or had more fights like that it'd be a definitely amazing game, as it is it's quite good a solid 8/10 or 7/10 if you're less action orientated.to expand on my review, the final fight is very difficult, and descriptive and indeed quite rewarding, but unfortunately very easy to lose so becareful. For it's price this game is definitely not a regretful purchase for me as 8.69 got me at least another 8 hours of entertainment so it's definitely better than renting a movie, and ontop of that It's a rare sort of adventure so it's particularly savorable.What is so rare about it? well it's dark, and grim, and definitely european, yet most of the gameplay takes place within the middle east and it shows as the people, and events reflect the location, yet also the characters identity. This is the sort of story you rarely read or see especially in a video game most especially in a choose your own adventure so for those whom enjoy Middle Eastern set games it's particularly nice, and for those whom enjoy dark, grim or even eldritch/lovecraftian settings it definitely will have some appeal.Still realize there is only one true fight with others being merely one decision or so, and it is rather short for each playthrough being roughly 1-2 hours of gameplay depending on reading speed, and choices. Prepare to lose the first play through as well.So TLDR, CYOA gameplay, only one 'real fight' and roughly 1-2 hour playthroughs a total of 6-12 hours to get 100% completion, and an interesting less often used arabic setting combined with a european horror/adventure theme it meshes well. Is it worth the money? perhaps so, perhaps not, and finally I rate it 7-8 out of 10.Edit: The only thing I truly wish to critique is both it's shortness, and the fact that there are areas which easily could have had more, such as the later journey, and connecting events between choices (choosing where to go) to reflect what you did the game isn't put together well, but has great quality."
,Not Recommended,295850,11283399,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,JiRocket,"I don't recommend buying this at all, it costs too much for what it's worth.The gameplay works like this, there are several chapters, each of which you visit a location to investigate. However, the game does the investigating for you, all you pretty much need to do is click and read away, and whatever choice you make or wherever you choose to visit, is absolutely inconsequential, except for receiving different text. This game has interesting events, but it is not a fun one to play.It's very linear. Don't buy it at what it's currently worth."
,Not Recommended,295850,11288872,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Faulkner,"Does not worth the 8.99$ (CA) I paid for it.Don't get me wrong, it's a nice concept of game. But I finished the whole game in 38 minutes and the stories are written without any logical following. There's a lot of improvement to do to make this game a success, which to my point of view, is not at this moment.For the developer:- Try to make the stats worth something. Give us a feeling that the stats are useful at something.- Make each fragment logical, that follow a main investigation. Not just 30 story written by 30 different writer in a random context.- Make more action, not just two choice at every step.- Add sound effect. When in the bazaar, it would be nice the ear behing the crowd and the merchants. That would make your story more immersive.So, overrall, the concept remind me of my youth (You're the hero books) but, unfortunately, I would not recommand this game as it does not bring enough value for its cost."
76561198023938538,Not Recommended,295850,11294010,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Falcon Pimpslap,"Waste of eight dollars. The only time your stats (may) come into play is the final (and only) fight, and I'm not even sure your stats matter for that fight.Whatever choices you make are irrelevant, the storyline jumps from place to place with very little cohesion... this seems like an outline that should have been fleshed out before being released."
76561198028900795,Not Recommended,295850,11327317,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,FarrowsHarrows,The story isnt cohesive. there is only one time where you make any choices that effect gameplay. then it makes little difference what you choose. The setting of the story is in an interesting place. so much more could have been done. THIS GAME IS A RIP OFF!!!
76561198035624557,Not Recommended,295850,11285561,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Ascended,A very linear choose-your-own-adventure where your choices are of little consequence.
,Recommended,295850,12652048,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,"Poptart_Cat ""Yogi""",a fun short interactive novel
76561198060733755,Not Recommended,295850,11284623,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,LordofTrust,"I have played this game for a short period of time and i am lost.The stats seem to do nothing,there is clues and events that are unrelated to what I have been doing so far,and it seems like just a waste of money to me."
76561197970894472,Not Recommended,295850,11291728,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,make246,"Game got 1h content, even some commodore64 games got more content than that.This should be early access, cause game seems to be only half made?Game is about rising stats and stats affect only at 1 fight at end of game and these some options to get trought last fight whitout using stats, so rising stats is pointless.I regret buying this."
76561198039587386,Not Recommended,295850,11320779,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,terrakaze,"This was a disappointment.  I wanted a good story, but the story was disjointed and your choices and decisions did not really affect the story at all."
,Recommended,295850,34304381,Posted: 17 August,all,kayratopraksay,"Threw a knife to assassin's heart, hit the king from head. Got murdered by guards.10/10"
,Recommended,295850,11306075,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Miniwham,Great game with great storyline as well 10/10
76561198034461087,Recommended,295850,12837765,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,ANKH,"Never got so much fun from such a cheap and low graphics game. Definitely worth the money, lts of replayability"
,Recommended,295850,12307067,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Little Otik,"I admit I did enjoy this game the first couple times through.  However, it loses it's appeal before to long as you become familiar with all the possible encounters.  If you've already bought every other game you wanted to play, then give it a try.I'd like it a lot more if they'd expand the storyline."
76561197980156403,Recommended,295850,20998034,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Csta,"Excellent game! A lot of people complain about the randomness of the game, but I truly believe there is a lot of depth that escapes some folks in their search for instant gratification and fairness. Indeed, this game is unfair and imbalanced and volatile. Those things only add to its charm, for me at least. Life isn't as cut and dry as many video games attempt to label it within their isolated universes. In Vlad the Impaler you have your standard RPG stats, but those stats influence events so deeply in the background that when they affect the outcome of an encounter they do so quite enigmatically. This allowed me to focus more on the events and the atmosphere of the game, but apparently many people found it jarring. Rather than speaking to the ""randomness"" of the game, I would say the numbers that drive the encounters to their unpredictable conclusions are simply obscured, leaving the player isolated from the usual control they have in many games. The player is simply forced to rely on their wits and to be guided by their moral compass. 9/10. Excellent music, graphics, and story elements. Takes me back to the choose-your-own adventure books of my middle school youth in the 90s. Only the grammatical errors and clear mathematical miscalculations make this game not earn a 10/10. For me, it was pretty easy to let even these rampant minor annoyances slide and be immersed in the incredible atmosphere this game generates. Warning: This game is dark and twisted, which may not appeal to all players."
,Not Recommended,295850,11452044,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,muckle4,"So I played this through and it took me about... 20-30 minutes? Just a bunch of text choices and you do it in the same places, over and over and over and over and over. It doesn't seem like your choices even affect the end result AT ALL. I do not recommend this game at all, until more variety and more interactivity is added. Otherwise, don't waste your time buying this game for more than FREE."
76561198269744136,Not Recommended,295850,20902924,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,r.c.birch1,"The best thing about this game was the artwork. Then it was nearly the atmosphere but that was ruined one glitche that transported me, mid dialoge, to a different dialoge scene entirley.That only happened once, the worst thing was how the game intercepts your dialoge again, but this time transports you to the chapter ending ""scenes"", to places i've never been, skipping past the whole lead up to the chapter ending scene itself and leaving me totally confused!I'd ask for a refund if it wasn't so cheap and i got this as a steam noob.Cannot recomend this game for anyone for any reason, the artwork alone isn't enough"
76561197993002732,Not Recommended,295850,15170488,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,ORAA,"Uninteresting, very short, and boring2/10 does not desrve to be called a PC game"
76561198039548285,Not Recommended,295850,14404510,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Allie,"Game is NOT voiced (only the one letter from Vlad is). The writing is full of grammatical and punctuation errors. There isn't 2 hours of game play, only takes about 40 minutes for one run."
,Not Recommended,295850,12763148,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,-AxHx-Vile - AbsoluteHell.net,"Helped some people do some stuff, had something to eat, all was going well.See a woman cry, decide to help her, wake up with a mumified arm.Fight a knight, use wind magic, failed the game.11/10"
76561198019740394,Not Recommended,295850,14398170,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Gerfreckle,"The real historical figure of Vlad the Impaler was known for his extreme acts of cruelty against many people. These acts of cruelty included but were not limited to impaling.I would rather be impaled than play this again.I suppose the one aspect this game got right was the feeling that Vlad inflicted on his victims; horrific, prolonged suffering with no escape. Like this game.-0.54/10P.S. The 0.54 was cause the art looked nice.That's it."
,Not Recommended,295850,21116225,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,psycho maker,It is a game I don't like what you might like it if you like to read every thingLiterally everything.And if you mess up one time you You die or if you can get any of the endings.
76561198232440356,Not Recommended,295850,23912917,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Jacq,"I wish I could recommend it but I can't, even on sale. It's a shame since it seems to have a lot of promise but ends up being a bit of an exercise in frustration and confusion. I've only played through once and it's short. There's no guidance given in what to do, you basically wander around the city choosing things to do. Unfortunately you can only do 15 things which would be acceptable except the story seems to jump around randomly and confusingly.References are frequently made to things I know nothing about or the story jumps suddenly with no explanation. ie: I understand what's happening because I have translated some ruins. What ruins? I don't know about any ruins, let alone have had them translated. Another person names me as their savior for past deeds that I have no idea about. My bow gets referred to at one point, I'm guessing they mean it's the staff I was carrying and the coding hasn't been changed. Apparently I know someone called Yaszmeen and go looking for her, even though I've never met her or her father. I'm warned about something by a fortune teller but randomly get transported to the exact situation she told me to avoid a few turns earlier with no choice in the matter and no idea how I even got there. I suddenly end up beside the saltan as he's about to be attacked at one point with no idea of how I got there either. And I pick up some roses somewhere as well without knowing about it as well. These are just a few discrepancies from a single play through that make the game almost unplayable. Incidentally I also died at the end and am not sure what I needed to change to fix that either. It's hard to work out how your stats are affecting most of the attacks.It's a shame because the writing is generally ok and the imagery and music are atmospheric and fit well. If the bugs could be ironed out so that you can't select things out of order, as well as a bit of an explanation about the stats etc, it'd be much better. As it is, I may not even try to play it again, and if I did, it'd be to try and find missing story pieces rather than to enjoy a new adventure which is a shame."
76561197994622681,Not Recommended,295850,11385828,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,JJOS,zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
,Not Recommended,295850,25222899,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Chaplain13,"this game is exceedingly short, makes no effort to connect the random events, often refering to characters you have never met. Dont buy this, even if it's on sale. If it's free, and you have bought every other game that exists, and you have lots of free space on your computer go download a book instead."
,Not Recommended,295850,29560251,Posted: 29 January,all,High King Losernob,"Pretty boring, punctuation sucks sometimes, and menu sometimes bugs out. My friend bought this game off my phone when I was not looking for around 50 cents, so I'm not that upset."
,Not Recommended,295850,23442432,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Zekh,Too boring to retry again and again.
,Recommended,295850,14377650,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,suksas,"A rather interesting dark themed game that can occupy you for a couple of hours or even longer if you want to see everything it has to offer.Thought be prepared that you will need to reed a lot. Practicaly the entire game comes down to you selecting quests and making one of several decisions.The writing is something I quite enjoyed.It's dark, very dark and has several horror scenes in it.The game is not for everyone. But thouse who enjoy the game that is completely focused on the story and portraying a world to player, will love this game."
76561198006770294,Not Recommended,295850,24380661,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,empedocles,"I finished the game and can't believe somebody would like this. It's a story where you click on different places and read a story of what is happening. Nothing gives you a hint of where you are or which choice you should take. Worst of all, nothing you can do to change the outcome except to select two choices at the end of each chapter. (and all they do is give you different rewards).There does not seem to be a way to lose this game. Just keep on clicking untill you finish the game.Wouldn't recommend you buy this game. Heck, do yourself a favor and buy a 50 page book with the money. It's almost the same."
76561198050613453,Not Recommended,295850,12484650,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,kdub02,Plays like a chose your own adventure book. If you play it once you've experienced all there is to offer. Nicely drawn however.
,Not Recommended,295850,34463133,Posted: 24 August,all,Romes80,this game was boring
76561198004427928,Recommended,295850,11356793,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,ScaryJen,"I am genuinely enjoying this game very much, and have played it through twice since I bought it tonight.  It's not without a few flaws, but I found the art style and tone of the game very charming.  It reminds me of old Ravenloft adventures.  If you're more of an ""old-school"" gamer who likes horror, you could do worse for ten bucks.  I don't imagine this is everyone's cup of tea, though."
,Not Recommended,295850,22258056,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,🐧 crow,this game is very historically inaccurate.
,Recommended,295850,16364258,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Princess Heather🌺,"""Shadow rains upon the city above cursed be the soil of this earth, for a dark power rises.""I was trying to beat the game by playing soldier. What I've got?At first, I killed a man by words ""I'm an atheist"". Then, I saved children and mice and go to church, where I pawed dead man. Some time later, I was talking with the ghost of old woman, and after that, at night, I watched bats, whom were trying to end their lifes. I get bored, so I decided to walk go aboard a ship of slavers and liberate the slaves. Probably, I was beaten and thrown out of the ship into cold water. After that my adventures haven't ended. I went into the crypt, where a skeleton put me in a coffin and began gently whisper in my ear a prophecy. I got out coffin and ran, screaming, to the inn. Only then I realised that I've lost two points of strength. Later on, I tried to save the sultan, but NO! assassin ran away and guards found me near the dead body of sultan, with a sword in my arm. So, they accused me of murder and hacked to death with their swords.I didn't even get to the boss and, for the whole game, I met only one vampire and one demon.I LOVE THAT GAME, FCKNG 11/10"
76561198140764332,Not Recommended,295850,11301418,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Dr River Song,i wouldn't recommend this game
,Not Recommended,295850,11304311,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,RobbyS,"Looked similar to Skyrim, I expected too much. There should be actual fights and more graphics. I was fairly disapointed."
76561197974038206,Not Recommended,295850,14501993,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Drax,"This game is barely ok. The story feels copy-pasted with a few twists that just seem silly in leu of the original. RPG elements are blind, which doesen't cater to me. I would have enjoyed this title if there was proper clues to help make decisions, instead of just having to fumble blindly through the story."
,Not Recommended,295850,13903712,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Switchblade,"im not going to give this a thumbs up or down, the game is amazing i love the story and the way it is set up but my game never saves and at some point the game doesnt let me pass to the next page it just crashes i guess some how. please fix this becasue the back and continue button for me disappears after a while of playing and i cant save the game where i left off i want to continue the story it just doesnt let me. I really dont want to give this game a thumbs down but im gunna have to give it a bad review if this isnt fixed soon"
76561198039222951,Recommended,295850,14397951,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,「Epitaph」,"Amidst all the negativity of its reviews I found it to be quite enjoyable. Some parts are a bit confusing as if learning the secret without actually finding it, but when the narritive matches the play it feels perfect.I wouldn't say its perfect but a very fun game for its price."
,Not Recommended,295850,14648511,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,AgentChicken,"I recently bought this game when a friend had reccomended it to me after he had seen me play alot of choose your own adventure type games. I had some money in my account and decided to give this game a go, after playing for a while i loved the backstories of each character, the artwork is absolutely goregus and the way that each area is portrayed and how your choice really matter is just great.But theres the elephant in the room that i have to address before he decides to crush me. Its the fact that you make one wrong move and ALL your progress is erased and the game makes you start from the very beginning. I find this very unfair, why would you put save games on the main menu only for the saves not to matter at all?. Most of the time it takes more than one try to get anywhere, it took me five characters to even get past the first part no matter what Stats i had, And finally when i got to the last boss i was killed very quickly.I would reccomend this game for the beautiful artwork, lovely narration, personalities, and great music, But at the same time not reccomend it because of its unfair erasing of your saves and how hard the game is to get used to or even get far in the choose your own adventure.This review will change if the saving thing either gets changed or an ability to save before a choice is added."
,Recommended,295850,14455844,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Headless Monkey Boy,"pretty good tale, lots of atmosphere keeps you invested in your character"
,Not Recommended,295850,16560863,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Stammetje91,Terrible grammar/punctuation and an inconsistent story. Not recommended.
,Not Recommended,295850,16075061,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Zola,"For a text game it sure has a lot of typos in it.About half an hour to an hour game play. Events are text with clickable either<->or options which don't even really reflect the stat rewards. No ability to reload. No explanation on what stat does what.I'd pay maybe a pound for it, but this game is really underwhelming for the price tag."
76561198191856105,Recommended,295850,16317146,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,maddie,Since this is a choose your own adventure style game the story can be non-liner.   That just made it more like the books I used to read and love too me.  The art work is stunning and I will be playing this again.
76561198101741075,Not Recommended,295850,15408550,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,handofate13,"The game is prone to crashes on Mac. During the endgame fight every time I would choose an action the game would freeze and close. When I'd start it back up again, the action choice would be gone, but nothing had changed for anyone's health. The only option that actually did anything was to mock the guy... And that ends in brutal death. Too buggy for a choose your own adventure-esque game. 1/5"
76561198069070137,Not Recommended,295850,16124290,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,CivilizeThis,"I'm a fan of text based games if they are done really well. And this one even has amazingly drawn art to help it along. It nails story, atmosphere and even has some RPG elements like picking a class, or getting a special weapon. But after awhile it becomes trying to remember what decisions you made last playthrough, that gave you those stats you need now for this character, but you end up getting stats that would have helped you on your previous one. I have yet to beat the game, because it really requires you to know every exact result of every decision to get a successful ending, and have no desire to  use a walkthrough just to achieve a victory."
,Recommended,295850,15807657,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,ノア,"Vlad is hardly a game, it is more of a genre of it´s own, a turn based visual novel RPG.The focus lies on the story and is well written, that for it is actually one of the very few RPG´s worth playing. After a decade of exaggerating magical themed games with evil against good and orcs attacking human bla bla bla its refreshing to read and play thourgh a gruesome layered world.The pencil drawings  suites the dark ambient the writer want to put you in, without distracting you from the important moments. Moments your life depend on.The desicions you make will influence your progess and can cost you, your life. The consequenz is a start from the beginning. Once dead there is no continue only a restart. Yet it is a chance to try new ways, increasing other skillsets so the same choice that caused death might ends different in a new attempt."
,Recommended,295850,15865241,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,PhilTraum,"If you're a fan of this time period or subject matter, i'd said it's worth it.  The only thing I wish is that there was more of a linear storyline."
76561198097003986,Recommended,295850,16569467,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Piggy,"Gorgeous, gorgeous art, a dark and compelling storyline full of death, darkness, and magic, and a fun events system that brings you back just to see different outcomes. I recommend this game for fans of story-driven games and fantasy horror.However, it feels unpolished, between easy-to-fix typos and game-breaking bugs. Don't click through too quickly or the game might crash; it's unlikely you can get all of the achievements in the game's current state; etc. It feels like I'm beta-testing a friend's game, rather than a completed game.So, if you're willing to put up with the bugs, it was an intriguing and dark experience. Get it on sale and enjoy a few hours from it."
,Recommended,295850,18396171,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,straechav,"It's a fairly straightforward and fun little game. The art is nice and dark, so is the story. It's not very long and thus not really something you should expect much from. I am more intrigued by the potential for someone doing this same game, but with a lot more depth and possibly less of a plot and more exploration focused."
76561198013423846,Not Recommended,295850,11929457,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Sophiroth,"Thought this was a terrible game, wouldnt recommend it to anyone. I looked at this game before it came out on steam and thought the idea was good and I loved the look of the art work but thats the only good thing about this game is the art work. The story line was boring and didnt know what to do with the stats. Just an awful game and I had such high hopes for this. I think the game is over priced for what it is and a bit of a money grabber."
,Not Recommended,295850,11958974,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Kind Buddy,"There is no real gameplay to speak of here; this is basically an interactive novel, where once in a while you can pick one of two choices. The stats don't seem to actually mean anything until the final (and only) battle, where you likely won't have them high enough to be of any help, because you raise them randomly by arbitrarily picking a place to search for clues every turn.I would avoid this even if it's on sale. I got this looking for a CYOA type story after getting hooked on the Heroes Rise trilogy, and was extremely disappointed."
,Not Recommended,295850,14055556,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,pouipouidesign,"I wanted to like this, but it's just too ""fake"": it appears that none of your ""choices"" has any real impact on the story, as I got texts that described action I never took, as if the games assumes you're on a certain path no matter what you do.It's also kind of slow and confusing, which means no fun."
76561197993332388,Recommended,295850,14093365,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Malice,"A little gem of a game. Colorful writing, beautiful artwork, great ambient music. Some strange grammatical formatting though, not sure if intentional for effect.Overall, short and sweet."
76561198148392642,Recommended,295850,14030628,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,eobiont,"The mixture between graphic novel and RPG elements is what forst attracted me as I had been a great fan of choose your  adventure books.The game can be a bit frustrating if your goal is to make it to the end of the story, as your choice of character will require you to get a minimu stats in order to survove long enough as to get to the secon dpart of the game. Whether you get these stats or not is determined by your choice of action, and these may not always fit the character you originally chose.When this happens, the game may become a bit repetitive as there is no way to recover a past save for the line you were playing. You have to start from zero, and you may be reading the same options over and over. The options do not change  depending on your choice of character either.But the story is very interesting and the artwork is very fitting, reminding of Gustav Doré´s engravings. I come back to this game intermitently, so I am hoping it will take a while to get tired of it. Maybe because I had been warned by others about the apparent storyline continuity drawback, I didn´t really experience it as such. I just assumed I was following the highlights of a characters story, and that some things may have happened ""off-screen"". A more complex version of this game wold be trully fatastic. As it is now, it was already worth playing."
76561198152139188,Recommended,295850,15053108,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Mesektet,"Beautiful Pictures and Animations. A lot of choices. A lot of reading, too, tho, but honestly, that's to be expected, i think. All in all really good game."
76561198120993683,Recommended,295850,17255102,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,bunnymistressaya,"I would only recommend this game under 2 circumstances: it's on sale and if you like visual novels. And maybe if you like dark gritty descriptions of crime... Otherwise, I say don't bother buying it."
,Recommended,295850,13310374,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Re'lar Kvothe,"i really enjoyed this game, fantastic art style and gripping atmosphere!"
,Recommended,295850,13301683,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,MW3 20th Prestige,This game does a great job of pulling you in to the atmosphere of the story.  You can help cure the evil and test your own conscience at the same time.
,Recommended,295850,13459075,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Wildcard.MCMLXXXIX,"Worth it for it's current sale price, and maybe even it's full price. First playthrough with the Knight lasted me 35 minutes and was short but sweet.The atmospheric combination of the music, the visuals and some of the gruesome events genuinely had me on edge.I liked the character development but how much the stats affected your choices/success really wasn't prevalent enough, although I'm assuming they do. Other than the achievements it wasn't slightly obvious as to where my character was on the morality scale.I will definitely play this again as a different character the next time I fancy a quick 30 minute trip through darkness."
76561198140625500,Recommended,295850,13511490,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,???,It was a great game it lost me once or twice and the ending is not all that great
,Recommended,295850,13766870,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Kiyoshmizu,"Amazing game!Short,Dark,Rich in Story and Replayability,Unique art style,Beautiful music,DIFFICULT!Wouldn't pay the price of a next-gen for this but it is definitely worth at least £5 giving the amount of hours you will pour into it. I dont get the negativity, I love this game."
,Recommended,295850,14134431,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,cook what the rock is smelling,"A great game that does things to my body. If you appreciate creativity and insight, great storytelling and atmosphere, buy this game to support the developers. I want to see more of this stuff. I give it a good 4.6/5.0"
76561198032417054,Recommended,295850,14181441,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Scorpio Flameth,"Personally, I love the game. And strongly recomend it. You should take it genre in consideration though, because it is a text-based game. As such, there isn't much ""gameplay"" or game-mechanics and it's quite random and you might spend a lot of time, getting the end you want. The game itself is interesting, nonetheles, if you are into mediaval age and mystic stuff, like vampires and undead.On the bright side, there is interesting story, which does not easily repeat itself over and over, atmospheric music and art. Also, its replayability is quite high and since average playthrough time is rather short, you can spend all evening playing.On the other hand, though, it is quite random and you might spend a little too much time getting the ending you'd want.As far as text-based game go - I'd prefer this game over a dozen of others..."
76561198046307962,Recommended,295850,14915126,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,A Snake with arms,ITs not perfect by anymeans but it is fun and its dark and gets you into a gritty messed up world with some good art in a bram stoker style of writing adventure.
76561197961256114,Recommended,295850,14796578,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,JOLU,Play it!
,Recommended,295850,28912201,Posted: 1 January,all,Sacul,"Vlad is really great text story game. Love the artwork and music. It's choice matter game and it's really great if you are a fan of reading. This could be a great mobile game, but for it's price it's even good for PC. So if you're a fan of dungeons and dragons, I do recommend this for you."
,Recommended,295850,29022746,Posted: 4 January,all,Poring,"This game is entertaining, regardless of how unfair it seems at first. There is some memorization involved in order to progress, which makes the experience a bit repetitive. Overall it's an interesting game with some cool music and nice drawings. It's definitely worth its price."
,Recommended,295850,29487657,Posted: 25 January,all,Aerie ( 絶望 ),"You know.. Looking back on it, it really is one of my favourite games, its just a shame it doesn't have a continuous replayability value but games based on text and story are often like that anyway.The main story is nice, but it is the side stories the game is littered with that makes it so fun. In each ""Chapter"" There are a few areas you can go to, the further you progress in the story, the more areas are unlocked. You can visit the same area more than once and it'll often give a new story or areas unlocked by previous chapters, but you can only visit so many. There are far too many areas and 'stories' that you'll never manage to visit them all in one game.. Or two.. Or three, let alone all the individual choices, but if you want to set aside a day just to do that, its definitely worth it for their enthralling tales and unusual, wonderful descriptions.Truthfully, its not got the best gameplay mechanics, but if you want to go into it and make the most of it, treat it as one of those Choose Your Own Adventure books you read as a kid rather than anything else, because thats what it is, a book, a pretty book of many tales with a beautiful art style and wonderously inspired connections to real world history and myths. Its Romanian, its gothy, its strange, thought provoking, mysterious and its written ♥♥♥♥ing perfectly, as far as games go, I love it to pieces and I'll keep it my mind.Theres quite simply nothing like it.. I honestly wish for more."
