user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198074264915,Recommended,296070,12507824,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,][sentrop|[,"I was blown away by the beautiful visuals, emotive music and touching story of Mind:  Path to Thalamus. This game is a shining example of how far video games have come, and how artistic they can be. My only criticism of the game is that some puzzles drag out a little due to the player having to cover large distances. The slow movement pace is only annoying in a couple of challenges and for the most part moving through the beautiful environments was a pleasure. I think all critics of the games industry as a form of art need to play this game, as the experience is something that will stick with you long after the credits roll. Mind: Path to Thalamus is an amazing game, and has earned 9 out of 10 from me.STORYI was hooked straight into the story during this powerful opening sequence, and with the game assuming that the player already knows how basic movement works, no time was wasted with needless on screen prompts, allowing for quick immersion. As the player continues to search for Sophia you are knocked unconscious, starting your journey through the inner workings of your mind, to the thalamus.The game is minimalist with its on screen prompts, and with the purposefully basic controls I never felt that my progress was slowed due to a lack of explanation. I was having a great time, absorbing the story through the perfectly voice acted narration, while completing puzzles, when I suddenly realised I had just completed the tutorial phase of the game.The player is led through each environment by the floating drawings of Sophia, with the protagonist weaving in explanations of mechanics and goals subtly in the narration. The game utilise a huge range of metaphors in the challenges and environment  as the main character narrates his way through his painful memories and experiences. I don't want to ruin the story of Mind: Path to Thalamus by giving away plot points, but I will say this game was extremely moving and I was genuinely affected by the story of the main character.GAMEPLAYThe puzzle mechanics used in Mind: Path to Thalamus, are basic when considered conceptually, but are displayed beautifully in the environments. Players need to activate various environmental changes by placing themselves or small tumbleweed like balls in specific locations to allow them access to the goal of the area. The different environmental changes vary from changing between day and night, controlling fog, causing rain and controlling time.Each environmental mechanic is introduced gradually keeping the puzzles fresh and challenging without overwhelming the player. I found myself stopping and taking in each puzzle mechanic when it is used, as the impact on the environment is breath taking. Players must also be careful not to run into the"" trauma"", which are black and red electrical balls, that represent the damage that has been done to the main character's brain. The puzzles in Mind: Path to Thalamus are perfectly paced and are never too easy, or too difficult, but still make the player think laterally about the environments.VISUALSThe visuals of Mind: Path to Thalamus are the focus of the game, and are absolutely beautiful. I was forever slow panning each area and enjoying all of the intricate beauty of the environments. There are heaps of subtle metaphors relating to the story of the main character, and the use of minimalist area design creates surreal beauty while facilitating the puzzle focus of the game. One area that I found particularly beautiful, and fantastically designed, had the player traversing ice paths. These represented the synapses of the brain, with the images of his memories reflected on the ice surface.MUSICMind: Path to Thalamus continues its balance of minimalist design, with breath taking immersion, through the perfect use of sound and music. Many areas have no music at all with the sounds of the environment and the amazing voice acting of the narrator carrying the player perfectly. There were so many moments in this game when I would stop and listen to the rain drops splashing on the ground or enjoy the mystical wind blowing through the trees. During moments of beautiful environmental reveals or important character realisations, a gentle, but emotive piano score would resonate around the player, intensifying the situation. The piano score from Mind: Path to Thalamus is a beautiful piece of music, and I have found myself listening to it again and again since completing the game.For my full review and heaps of other delicious content seeGlitch"
76561198041000999,Recommended,296070,17630042,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Kivod,"- Nice graphics: check.- Not so bad puzzles: check.- In the end, interesting story: check.- Terrible voice acting: check.- A short game that should be bought for around 5 euros/dollars: check."
,Recommended,296070,12967515,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,cqdemal,"A great first-person puzzler let down by weak writing and voice acting, Mind: Path to Thalamus makes amends for its crimes against literature with magnificent achievements in visual design and an almost Valve-like ability to guide players without explicit pointers. Each and every major puzzle is of just the right difficulty: head-scratchingly confusing at first, then delightfully simple and logical later. Ignore the story and this is easily one of the best looking and most intelligent games of 2014."
,Not Recommended,296070,32335340,Posted: 10 June,all,princesspepper,"This game frustrates me on several different levels. It looked so, so cool, so despite what other reviewers were saying, I purchased it when it went on sale. Even though I think I only paid about $4 for it, I still consider it to be a waste of money.The art is so cool, and so are the landscapes, from a purely aesthetic standpoint. That is why the game appealed to me to begin with. it also appealed to me because of the way it's described; I'm really into cerebral, psychology-based games, so this seemed like it would be right up my alley. However, the game itself does not deliver what the description promises. It feels hollow. My impression is that the developers came up with a cool concept to go with the type of style of game they wanted to create, but they didn't think the story through enough. It's supposed to feel intriguing and mysterious, but in spite of myself I just don't care. I'm not curious. The team could have used a more (how can I say this tactfully) talented, conceptually-driven writer. The idea is a good one, but the execution leaves a lot to be desired.The description says that the protagonist's state of mind is tied to the environment. I had read that before, but when I was playing I totally forgot it because it doesn't translate. If I were to give a constructive criticism, I would say to play up that connection. Deepen the story. Add some psychological complexity and ambiguity. Granted, I am very into story-driven games, and that's not everyone's cup of tea.I have a couple other nitpicks: the subtitles are TINY, even at their largest setting. If the game launches while my dock (I am a Mac user) is popped up, the dock will remain visible, even in full-screen mode. The user interface lacks finesse in so many ways.I confess, I haven't finished the game. I'm not sure how far through it I am, but as of now I've logged a little over an hour and a half of playtime. I stopped because of glitchy physics bullsh*t. It got too frustrating and I didn't want to have to keep retracing my steps over and over because of a bug. I read on the boards that there's a way to circumvent it, but I shouldn't have to do research to get a game I paid money for to work the way it's supposed to. You feel me?I might finish the game. But I will say that no game has ever frustrated or disappointed me this much--even games that were objectively sh*ttier. I would rather be underwhelmed than frustrated and disappointed. If you're cool with dealing with glitchy BS and want to walk through some cool scenery, buy the game when it's on sale. If you need more than just awesome art to enjoy a game, don't bother.BUT, if the developers were to remake it with the kinks worked out and a deeper narrative, I would play it in a heartbeat."
76561198040888405,Not Recommended,296070,14587955,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Tushypushy,"Pros:Very nice to look at.Cons:Practically everything else.I bought this game mostly because I usually enjoy these types of atmospheric/explorative games, regardless of whether or not they have puzzles to solve along the way. And I really wish this one didn't, or at least made the puzzles more fun to solve. For me the puzzle solving was oddly confusing at first. Nothing was explained, though once you realize that every single puzzle is going to be ""get a blue wired ball to a specific location or hit the mirror so you can proceed forward"", it gets old very fast. Though the result of putting the ball in a specific location eventually varied visually, you were still essentially doing the same thing.I am not going to even start on the story. Read someone else's review for that. Long story short, it was rushed near the end, clumsy with its metaphors, and the narrative was painful.Simply put this game was okay. I would get it once it goes on a big sale, but only if you are willing to spend it on a 4 hour game filled with beautiful landscapes, tedious puzzles, and a story that you will forget about the following day; otherwise, don't waste your time or money."
76561197979438474,Not Recommended,296070,11604858,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Zednaught,"Mind: Path to Thalamus is an artistic first-person puzzle/exploratory game, blending ideas from games like Myst and Dear Esther.  Based on its influences, I'd be inclined to like 'Mind: Path to Thalamus,' but I found myself disappointed by the game.The visuals and aesthetics are outstanding, and are easily the highlight of the game.  There are fantastic uses of color and atmospheric effects to create beautiful, evocative scenes.  Even the skyboxes are amazing.  Music is used sparingly, but it fits the mood well.  If anything, I'd have much preferred to hear more of a soundtrack.Puzzles in the game work by changing part of the environment, including rebuilding ruined structures to triggering a beautiful night effect that looks absolutely gorgeous.  The 'fog' option is the only one I did not like.  It rarely makes the puzzle more interesting, but instead makes it a chore to navigate the environment.  Generally speaking, the puzzles were fine, though nothing outstanding.  Pretty easy, but a few brain teasers here and there. The main method of intereacting with the different elements usually involves walking over a certain area or placing a special ball inside of it.  Given the distances that often must be traveled, it often felt tedious, and the hands-off method of interaction took away some of the satisfaction of puzzle solving.The main problem the game faces is its writing and voice acting.  I feel a little bad criticizing this aspect, since it is clearly an earnest attempt to elevate the game as an artistic statement.  To be clear, the writing is cohesive and competent, but it's misdirected in several ways.  First, the protagonist's backstory comes off as increasingly fanciful, to the point where I found myself rolling my eyes whenever it was referenced.  Considering that the main game is awash in fantastical and unreal imagery, having some element of the story be grounded would have helped.  As it was, I struggled to get behind the incredibly unlucky disasters that befell the protagonist.Second, the writing becomes increasingly self-referential and tries to subvert narrative tropes.  It's a big risk whenever a story does that, and it didn't pay off. In fact, it completely turned me off of the story.Third, the way the main character is personified relies on him 'telling' us how he feels and what he knows, not 'showing.' At one point, the text almost directly states: ""and this is what happened next.""  I didn't care for this approach. It gives too much away and made it more difficult to empathize with the protagonist.The game's short length is another issue (much of my play time was spent idling).  I feel that a longer play time may have allowed the game to sink its teeth into me.  I think more subtle story telling technique may have also deepened my appreciation for the game.Overall, I was disappointed by Mind: Path to Thalamus.  It's not a bad game, not by any stretch, but it falls short creating a memorable story or puzzle experience, and in the absence of anything that truly stuck with me, I can't recommend the game. Yet I feel I must reiterate that there's nothing cheap or lazy about the game, esepcially its aesthetics.   I'd suggest readers of this review consider Ether One, a game that I think does a superior job in world building, restrained storytelling, and organic puzzle solving."
76561198003080415,Not Recommended,296070,22314389,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,dndx2,"NOTE: This is a review solely for the gameplay with an HTC Vive VR headset.Do not play this game using the HTC Vive and the motion controllers. It is very disorienting/nauseating and difficult to navigate. I purchased this game specifically to play in VR, but you can definitely tell that the game wasn't designed with VR in mind. I can't comment on the rest of the game or content as I cannot continue without feeling sick."
,Recommended,296070,19728398,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Sonozaki,I can recommend this game but there are a few 'meh' things.The story idea is not bad but its narration doesn't catch me.. in contrast to it's atmosphere.Visulas and Soundtrack are amazing and blew my mind. The puzzles aren't that hard and after a while even me as a Puzzler-Beginner was able to solve them what is great in my opinion.I enjoyed it while playing so I am fine with some negative aspects.
76561197968829450,Recommended,296070,11645378,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Lair,"This game was mindblowing. It's not a long game, nor is it particularly difficult, but by god it is gorgeous and stunning. Not only visually, but in game design as well."
,Recommended,296070,31947797,Posted: 25 May,all,jonathan.s,"I suppose I'd recommend.The biggest problem with MIND: Path to Thalamus is that there's no one quality that really makes it stand out in the 'indie walking simulator' genre. This means it's easy to compare it to other games, saying things 'Dear Esther had a better story' or 'Antichamber had better puzzles' or 'Vanishing of Ethan Carter looked better'. All of these statements are true. MIND is slow, cold, and lonely. I remember almost every level bugging me in some small way, like,  'I can't set this down exactly where I want, it rolls away...' or, 'why do I have to walk so far?' or 'really, I didn't get the timing right?' And this is why I'm conflicted in my recommendation. Because of all these issues, MIND isn't especially fun toplay.But that doesn't mean you should avoid MIND: Path to Thalamus. Theexperience- the atmosphere, the lighting, the slow pace - was surprisingly immersive. I found myself getting into the mindset of the game, feeling the protagonist's isolation, which made the experience powerful and memorable. So, as an atmospheric walking simulator, I think it succeeded.I'm not recommending MIND 'to have fun', but I'm recommending it as an interesting experience for fans of the genre."
,Recommended,296070,16712569,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Baznoc™,"This game has a quality of somberness and reflection thoughput the whole game. I've played for hours but this reflection is about a girl: this man's daughter. Thge whole game is a 'Puzzler', and a Great one too! I was taken by the total beauty of the game. It looks , sometimes, Photo-realistic. A very cool game for a good system. If you don't it's still very cool, and you'll be blown away by how beautiful it is. The puzzles are quite fequently merely being smart with what you know. Like ""Vanishing of Ethan Carter"", there's not a help menu. Exploring and checking your 'hunches' about what to do are the key because you build on what you've learned. All puzzles get harder. This game has very sophisticated puzzles, and they are Quite daunting,.. Like I said Remember what youve learned, maybe write it down..., like I did, because I intend to beat this sucker.Don't get your hopes too high. I see this game as a real time tested 'Work-of-Art"", because it gets to you and the puzzles only make you want to find out more!!I was So 'tested' by the puzzles. They are completable, merely with what you've seen and done. It gets better It really does, but after the first few puzzles your learning curve, isn't so hard. I got a few of the harder ones pretty easily nearly by muscle memory. Spopeaking of memory. This game has 'Time' as a part of it's Puzzles! If you like to take your time exploring like a good 'Myst' Game: Mind: Path to the Thalmus is a REAL gem. Hard games like Chess made my head ache. After finishing these puzzles, in Mind: Path to the Thalmus..., I feel, almost Not, an Ignoraneous!You, will too, if you can take your eyes from the scenery!This game Rocks, very quietly.9/10"
,Not Recommended,296070,23996563,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Foxfire,"It's a beautiful game with magical dreamy scenery and some smart puzzles.I had it wishlisted for a long time and the moment it came on linux I got it.Unfortunately the enhanced version is really bad. And that's the only version you are able to run on linux.Enhanced version means a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of bugs like, mouse not working properly, sound not working properly, dialogues not working at all after a point, items vanishing or stuck etc.What's worse, is that even like that, by patiently restarting the game a hundred times I managed to reach at a point close to the end and then the game just becomes unplayable. Nothing moves. A little before the end.Achievements do not work either.What annoys me even more is that I bought 3 copies, for my husband and friends and all would be for linux.Also, for the 100% achievement hunters:Even if you run the old version on Windows, you won't have a 100%. You can only accomplice 100% with the enhanced version. And that version is♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,296070,11652140,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Law Abiding Engineer,"Where should I even start with this game.  So many things to say, yet so hard to decide on where to begin.Story/Plot:   Mind: Path to Thalamus is a game in which you explore a world that revolves around the mind of a father who reflects on his past.Gameplay:   The game has various puzzles that start off simple and increase in difficulty, but never become so hard that they are near impossible.  Nearly all of the puzzles, are based off using a ball to cause create certain effects, such as accelerate time, or shift time-of-day, etc.   The places that you go to, are very open although there are boundaries to keep you from getting too far off track.  Being this open, you get to enjoy the visuals of the game, along with explore and find ways of solving various puzzles.Graphics/visuals:   I do not feel that I need to say anything here because just looking at the screenshots, and the trailer, should give you more than enough proof that the game is eye-candy and looks beautiful.  Now, the graphic controls are few and limited, but the amount of optimization in the game, is shocking.  Games like this when I max out, are usually smooth but have rough spots or hiccups every now and then, but even with max settings and vsync, I had liquid smooth performance with absolutely no lag at all.  In short, you can most likely play this game, with an older computer.Sound/music:   Music, was fitting and relaxing.  Sound effects were fine, although some things could have had more effects like walking on water or sand.  The narrator's voice is fine IMO, but certain lines felt really forced, but aside from that, he did fine.Enjoyment:  I love these type of games that explore the mind and make a game that represent abstract things, so it was a blast.Other:  No cards and no word if there will.  There are many things they could use as cards, backgrounds, and emoticons, but who knows.  maybe in the future they will make some.Any questions?  Just ask and I'll help the best that I can."
,Recommended,296070,11564405,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Dclone3,"The game is stunning and puzzles are designed well to teach you mechanics while gradually ramping up the difficulty. The scale of environments and the various effects in-play are used wonderfully. However, the voicework and writing is, in my opinion, terrible and detracts much from the game. The writing switches from self referencial to philosophical, quoting scripture to exposition and even at times comedic. All-in-all it did not fit with the rest of the game for me.It would have been much more interresting to have to piece some of the story together yourself through the interaction with the world, yet not much except the first level even give a hint of why anything is happening."
,Recommended,296070,11569058,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Eagle,"For the price, this is an outstanding game.  Most notably are the visuals which are astonishing.  The skybox, the caves, other spoiler places, amazing.  The puzzles are challenging, but not to the point where you will get frustrated.  Normally one or two passes is all you'll need to figure something out.That being said, there is a downside which lowered the entertainment and immersion of the game for me, and that is the walking speed.  It is so freaking slow and you have to walk many of the fields two or three times over (some more).  I basically held the forward key nonstop for 3 hours.All in all, absolutely recommend if you have a few dollars.  It's short and there isn't any replay value, but it's worth it."
,Recommended,296070,16228040,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,poopshoe6,"Mind: Path to Thalamus has an intense story line with odd puzzles. The game is very visually appealing and looks like a work of art; however, I wanted a game where i could wander aimlessly unhindered through beautiful landscapes and not have to do these.... puzzles. I'm glad i bought it though, for the price it's a fun game to go back to whenever i want a challenge in the form of a puzzle. The game should be tagged as a PUZZLE game before adventure, even though some are really simple, i just find them annoying when I want to explore. I still recommend this game, there is really no other game like it."
76561198012884165,Not Recommended,296070,28431433,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Xstatic36,Played this game all the way through before VR and it was awesome and I can see why it won so many awards.  Then they tacked on VR and totally destroyed it.  The rediculous teleport mechanic totally ruins any immersion the game had.  Graphical glitches.  Puzzles ruined because what you fell through before you can just teleport past.  This is now a disaster even after the fix.  This is based on the vr version
,Not Recommended,296070,32752386,Posted: 24 June,all,C1awed,"Pros:  It's very pretty.Con:I didn't do too much reading about the plot of the game beforehand- I never do.  I got the connection to the brain/psychology from the title, but once playing it, there was nothing, even in the narration, to firmly connect what I was doing to any greater plot.  I travelled point-to-point mostly because it's completely linear.It seemed like the writers couldn't decide if the narrator was an outside voice who knew what was going on, or the protagonists inner, tormented memories.  I wish they'd stuck with the latter, and left context to explain the formor.  As a result, the game felt like a series of disconnected puzzles - and if you missed too many of the easily-overlooked narration points, you were even *more* lost.The puzzles themselves were nothing more than ""Find the arbitrarty set piece to stick a colored ball in to open the next door"".  The game really felt like the devs wanted to make a walking simulator, but instead, had to stick a game in it.  As a result, the puzzles are sheer repetition and they do not fit logically with the world - something that might have been explained by the plot, had there been any of that.I didn't even realize we were supposed to be journeying towards ""consciousness"" until I paused the game and read the chapter titles.There is no save function - at all.  There is no loading screen, or indication of what chapter you're on.  If you need to step away from the game for sometime, you get to guess at which chapter to restart from, loading the game over and over until you figure out where you were.   The loading screen is just a fade to black, with no text or sound, and they're so long that several times I thought my game had locked up.Every chapter is available from the moment you install it, so if you just want to play the prologue and the end, go for it.  Which is good, because if you get stuck on a puzzle - or stuck in the world - you can simply advance to the next chapter.  You don't miss anything doing this, which is bad.Physics in the game is both realistic, and your worst enemy.  The UI and controls are sort of intuitive, but it's hard to tell what actions will make your character drop their ball - again, your only item and one of only two interactions - and what will perform the move you want.  Item boundary boxes do not match up with their graphics all the time, so in puzzles that require throwing the item, or rolling it to a destination, you can wind up throwing yourself against invisible walls to find the actual interaction point.Invisible walls, after a while, also become the games only boundary.  At several points I could clearly see my destination straight in front of me, headed towards it, and was abruptly forced back into the skinner box by an invisible wall.  A few times, the devs made an attempt to indicate a boundary; at others, your space abruptly ends in the middle of a grassy field.  At least give me a fence or something!There are also several glitches.  At more than one point, I fell through the floor and walls, getting stuck and forcing a reload from the start of the subsection.  I was able to skip entire puzzles on one level by simply walking along the edge of a cliff.   Many of the subtitles were garbled, or, in a few cases, missing entirely - as someone who depends on subtitles, it meant I missed out on even *more* of the nonexistant plot.I paid $1.50 for this game and feel ripped off."
,Recommended,296070,11589602,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Jamyjet,"One of the best indie games i've played this year, it's an absolute must for any fans of indie, adventure or puzzle games. The game looks amazing and the music suits the dark yet colourful world that the protagonist traverses. I've heard people criticise the narration of the game, but I really can't complain as i found the story very ingaging and it kept me wondering what was going to happen next. The games biggest downside, like many indie games like it is probably it's length. Don't expect to get a full 8-10 hour experience out of it like you might with a AAA title, but the 4-5 hours you do get will be incredibly unforgettable. There are also some not story related achievements to go back for and a chance to speed run through some of those tantalisingly difficult puzzles.Overall, Mind: Path to Thalamus is a great gaming experience, with great game mechanics, superb graphics and an engaging story to keep you occupied for hours.For more information and gameplay footage, check out my walkthrough here -https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TSWSoZhEIGw&list=UUI6wSDrFxD8RSk96qFp3oMA"
,Recommended,296070,11565049,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Hecka,"Ambient and beautiful would be the two words I would use to describe this game. I was disappointed to find that it isn't very puzzling, however, as it lacked a certain ""Myst"" dynamic. The screenshots and videos show exactly how the game looks and plays.I was hoping for more of a puzzle, but it ended up being more of an exploration of art than anythine else. I enjoy the different levels, but could use less ball play and more symbolic brain teaser type action.I still give this a recommendation because it has been made well for what it is."
76561197989132185,Recommended,296070,12192129,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,pulp-reduced,"Mind: Path to Thalamus immediately strikes you with its beauty and unique style, with the added substance of game-play; often lacking in the more “intellectual” “walking-simulator” type games. The dissociative narrative also serves the purpose of this general image, whereby you quickly get grabbed by the intimacy and self-awareness of the story which is also something you rarely come by in games. There is a heartfelt feeling to the game, and the guilt-ridden, grief-struck man we play as is a fairly easy one to relate, in this (his) pandemonium of emotive manifestations. As we traverse the neural pathways, ganglia, creating new paths: new associative links of lost memories, trying to make sense of the traumas, or to yet again connect with the traumas of our past. Exploring happily, in hope of absolving the implied sin, in hope of atonement and enlightenment, we trod along in this maddeningly wonderful world of explicit and poignant beauty.The puzzle design is in itself rather brilliant, apart from my success in “cheating” by my exhaustive attempts at jumping past, over and across different platforms which did not seem to be the correct way of doing things.The gradual introduction of mechanics in different forms, which all – despite the narratives self-hatred and degradation – I considered to be excellent, and surprisingly not too jarring to a world that could suffer severely by the hand of clumsy or all too “game-like” mechanics. As you walk across these shattered memories – and in some situations – traverse that which used to be, or crawl around in the organically ribbed (from centuries of successive rivulets of water) cavernous holes, intestinal and damp; slimy – or flow through between the enormously beautiful skybox, implemented to perfection, and its reflection, on the ocean beneath – or the forests that change color from gleeful green to autumn's golden glow – you can't help to feel a sense of joy, to be in this world, experiencing it: first-hand.The game in a sense, pertaining to level design and set-design, symbolize the disintegration of body and mind, which pertains to the vicissitude of the edifice of both mind and matter – memory and structure, network –, especially so with a contusion on the brain, and in how we perceive matter with this contusion; or perhaps not experience at all outside of our mind, such as with being comatose.What is might not be, but what we grab is tangible, and that is what we work with. . . that is what we have to work with. Any dubious thought, skepticism, will serve to progress us if what was once tangible – or perceived to be as such – turns out not to be. Only the shame and disdain one may feel towards oneself, may not be the progression we were looking for.Some puzzles seemed to be shining lights on a mosaic memory, lighting neural pathways with a mirror: a reflection, of the past or speculative pathfinding.The game switches on you towards the end, and the player, thinking about the symbolic situations and models sprinkled throughout the game, get their speculations happily denounced in thinking any real purpose or profoundness could be found in this game, sounding like a developer gone mad, even thinking it was all an obvious, not-so-creative attempt at clever metaphors. Perhaps I didn't see the pretense in the game, that would warrant such a reaction, but with insecurity comes an aberrative self-awareness, and in the case of this game, it slightly lessened the impact of quiet reflection, that it, before this point, had on me.Mind: Path to Thalamus. . . is pretty neat.*Apparently pretension was deliberate, which makes a lot of sense narrative-wise, and I now have egg on my face, I'll leave this abomination up for the sake of shameful regret."
76561198268444478,Not Recommended,296070,21963763,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Moonlander,"Game was already advertised to support HTC Vive and location-tracked controllers - but it's not fully compatible yet. Upon launching the game, it alters the room scal flooring, disables the steam dashboard from coming up, controls are confusing, graphics settings are inconsistent and buggy (set to All Ultra, but display is is blurry)I hope you guys update this soon, because this seems like a really good game content-wise."
76561198058707095,Not Recommended,296070,14583811,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Janos Xyn,"I wanted to like this game, and at times I did; but ultimately, the longer I played, the more I just wanted it to end. It's an abstract puzzle game, but the puzzles are unsatisfying and the story is too pretentious to connect with. It tries so hard to be clever and obscure that it comes across as corny. It's like, ""look at me, I'm symbolic!"" It's a sophmoric attempt at being deep and artistic.It's not terrible, it has its moments, but there are far better puzzle/story games to play than this.5.5/10"
,Recommended,296070,11568702,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Reese015,"It's as gorgeous as the trailer implies and thus far it seems to be well-paced and pretty fun (though I seem to suck at some of the puzzles and get just a little bit stuck sometimes). As some others have suggested, the game's main issue is that it has a lot of narration and the voice acting is pretty mediocre, ranging from pretty alright in a few places to ""that wizard came from the moon""-terrible in others. Still, an intriguing game, mostly recommendable thus far."
,Not Recommended,296070,20038681,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Mazena,"This is a rather first impressions review of this game, and it might change in case I ever bring myself to play this game more. Visually the game is pretty great, but everything else in it leaves a bit to be desired. The story didn't grab me and the lackluster narration didn't help at all. There are some lighting issues here and  there with scenes being too bright or too dark. Some sound effects sound appropriate and nice, but others feel generic or are too loud.Also I have no idea who thinks invisible platforms and clipping through objects are fun puzzle mechanics. Pure excercise in tedium running back and forth drove me away from the game, though I was curious about it."
76561197996193768,Recommended,296070,12966571,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Eslov,"Some deep♥♥♥♥♥♥ I might have cried, which is not good becasue then I can't see the beautiful envoriment in the game.10/10Would cry again."
,Recommended,296070,11581239,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,nya-chama,"Really enjoying this game, it has visual eye candy mostly through art design than anything else, sometimes it does feel like it is an Unreal 3 SDK game demo but in a good way. Very creative uses of the engine.The naration is good, the monologue is decent. The puzzles are more subtle than puzzles you find in other games, sometimes it doesn't even feel like a puzzle but as part of the surreal world you are navigating through. The worlds just feel like a Salvador Dali painting, would call this art than most pieces I find in modern art galleries.The cons about this game are technical though and it won't apply to most people playing this, this is just me being a privaliged nitpicker.The resolution of the game only goes upto 1080p So if you have a screen with high res, 1200, 1440, 1600 or like me, 4k then you will get pixely images.There is also no way to change the mouse sensitivity so people with larger screens that have to use a higher dpi on their mouse means it's too sensitive. I was getting headaches after all the fast jerky movements of the camera.Luckily these are easier to fix and the important stuff that makes the game is solid. Recommended."
,Recommended,296070,12614608,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Daedrin,"The game is pretty basic and easy to figure out, just move forward and solve simple puzzles to continue.  Can get tedious and wrote but the amazing visuals and atmosphere will keep you interested until the end.  Voice acting could use some work and there are several bugs with achievements.  Overall I enjoyed the experience, the game could stand to be more polished, but I would recommend it if your looking to kill a few hours cheaply."
76561198159277161,Recommended,296070,23601303,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,lvcollingwood,"This game was beautiful and surreal and I very much enjoyed it. The atmosphere was very effective and some of the landscapes were absolutely breathtaking. I know some people found that the puzzles were a little easy, but who wants to be stuck on the same puzzle for 3 hours anyway? The level of the puzzles was just right to allow the game to flow and the atmosphere not to get bogged down in one place for too long.I have to say, I was a little disappointed in the narration. For a game that created such surreal and challenging imagery, the spoken portion was just plain and straightforward and uninspired, and the voice acting was frankly mediocre. If you're going to commit to a spooky, mysterious, surrealist motif, but you have a constant voiceover explaining in plain english what all the symbols mean, it does kind of pull the rug out from your whole concept. I can see the inspiration from Dear Esther in places, but Dear Esther was a literary game as much as it was a visual one. The narration left a lot to the imagination, and thinking through the story was a puzzle in itself.I did still enjoy the game very much, and moments of it were absolutely  inspired. I hope to see more from this developer."
76561198039108757,Recommended,296070,13685108,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Captin,"My experience playing this game was only after the revised narration was implemented, because of this I have no comparison of the monologue nightmare that some speak of before the changes.The latest version of this game was absolutely stunning to play. Its presentation reminded me of the Myst series, however instead of a journey through a book it's a journey through the mind. The puzzles rely on some basic rules in order to open gateways to the next state of mind. Some parts are more beautiful and relaxed while others are chaotic and jumbled.Puzzle solving relies mostly on using these neuron-looking spheres which, if placed in the right locations, can alter the state of the environment and/or time. Changing states in each world is how you bend the rules of each obstacle to complete the puzzles.I definitely recommend this if you enjoy puzzle games, or even games that focus heavily on atmosphere and story."
76561198064852407,Not Recommended,296070,26116009,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,pt_kamen,"Visually it’s amazing. But the actions and puzzles you’re supposed to complete in it aren’t. Some are really hard to pull off, and mostly because of game limitations, which is bad."
76561197979184389,Recommended,296070,11612095,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Turnstyle,"For fans of Dear Esther, Gone Home, and Portal 2. Super immersive game with gorgeous visuals, challenging puzzles, and an interesting story. Worth it at full price, in my opinion."
76561198063942102,Recommended,296070,23444210,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,PS5Owner,Possibly the first real Vive game.  It fills a hole in my library since most of my othergames are arcade style which are great but this one has a real story and progressionwhich is a nice change of pace.  Easily worth the low cost of admission.The new Teleportation mechanics are well done and feels like it was meant to be played this way.Must have game if you're looking to to round out your Vive library.
76561198005772688,Recommended,296070,11568874,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Beast of the East DC United,"Just when I started to believe video games had lost their appeal, this incredible adventure game shows me it's not true. This is a must buy for any fan of the 1990's adventure genre (Myst, Zork Nemesis, Riven, Zork Grand Inquisitor, Shivers, 7th Guest). I was honestly stunned at the incredible environments in this game. I can't honestly remember the last time I just sat and stared at such beautiful locations in a video game world. The game starts off with a incredible sequence and quickly transitions into a beautiful adventure game. You walk through absolutely stunning locations, solve various puzzles and learn the protagionist's story.If you love a good puzzle, or simply love the act of exploration, this is the game you should be playing right now. Well done Carlos, very well done."
,Recommended,296070,11612370,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Joga,"This game is REALLY pretty. The art direction is some of the best I've ever seen in a game (just look at the screenshots). Beautifully surreal and just breathtaking to look at. It's honestly worth it just to see what visuals it will paint on your monitor next. Other than that it's a fun (though at times tedious) first person puzzle/walking simulator (and I use that term endearingly). The story is kind of meandering but it's alright. Everyone seems to hate on the voice acting, and yeah, while it doesn't feel particularly professional, it's not *that* bad. It sounds like a normal person talking. It wasn't enough to take me out of the game at least.So: Amazing visuals, interesting puzzles, passable story and voice acting. Pick it up on a sale or something; it's certainly worth playing through at least once."
76561198033064544,Recommended,296070,11644241,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Meilo,"A pretty game with a myseterious atmosphere and a nice soundtrack. The puzzles in the game is at a medium difficulty so you have to think about the puzzles but you won't be stuck for hours, which is nice :3"
76561197971877162,Recommended,296070,11631396,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Asses of Fire,"Mind Can be a beutifully stunning game graphically while also being very annoying.  If you enjoyed the challenge of portal 2 then you'll find this game enjoyable as the developer built the difficulty around Mind based on P2.  The puzzles themselves aren't that difficult, its just the repetition of walking around the same spots back and forth that gets tedious.  There really needs to be a run button at walking back and forth just gets downright boring after a few minutes of walking through the same hallway because you didn't figure out the puzzle the first time.  All in all, this game may be worth the money if you can get it on sale.  I wouldn't reccomend this for 15 bucks as it only has about 4 hours of play time depending on how long you take to figure out each level's puzzles.The graphics are simply stunning.  I've taken around 25 shots of this game while playing it and they all looked marvelous.  Some textures here and there are questionable though such as small rock surfaces, but most of the game has incredible graphics that shouldn't tax your computer unless its like 5-6 years old."
,Recommended,296070,11582512,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Sire,"If you enjoy Dear Esther, Ether One, Naissence or other ""walking simulator"" games with great surreal environments leaving you with a sense of ""awe"" then you'll really enjoy Mind: Path to Thalamus. The gameplay is basic, you walk around, jump, and sometimes carry a ball to place it in the right area. The game doesn't hold your hand at all and you have to figure it out for yourself. It's rewarding, even if things can be a little confusing at times. The sights and sounds of the game are worth the price of admission alone but it's really hampered by the narration.The narrator tells a really lame story while delivering everything overdramatically, you'll be rolling your eyes everytime he begins to speak about his daughter. It's awful. Sadly there's no way to turning it off and the game would be better without it.There isn't much else to say about the game, if these games pique your interest you're going to find a lot of beautiful vistas to enjoy here. The game is visually amazing."
76561198051673929,Recommended,296070,11891514,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,LissaPunch,"Beautiful landscapes, very solitary and peaceful game. Challenging puzzles. Definitely recommend this."
76561198009434744,Recommended,296070,24399605,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Jolard,"Just finished this last night. I recommend it, but with a few cautions.First the good....I love the environments, the crazy dream feeling of the locations, the twisted acid trip nature of the game. Very cool and trippy, and just exploring was a pleasure, being in these weird environments.The puzzles were mostly just ok, but occasionally they really hit well, some very clever ones.On the downside, the environments nearly all need to be traversed with the Thinkpad moment. They have implemented teleporting, and it works well, but the distances are huge and teleporting over and over gets tiring. I ended up using a mix of movement modes, and that was successful.The story is pretty obscure, and even at the end I am not 100% sure what the back story was, although that was ok considering the meta narrative. I was crazy and experiencing memory loss, so ok....I don't mind if the story doesn't make 100% sense.Overall I recommend it, especially at a sub $10 price. It will give you plenty of exploration and puzzle solving that is more than the majority of quick demos on the Vive."
,Recommended,296070,30571001,Posted: 17 March,all,Tetravalence,"Such a beautiful game. The puzzles always have a relatively simple solution (meaning they don't require you to time everything precisely). Each puzzle is more unique than the last. The story isn't bad, however, the execution of it leaves something to be desired. The voice acting isn't the best, but it doesn't pull away from the experience. I picked this game up using a 50% off coupon and it was completely worth the money."
76561197972553396,Recommended,296070,25476577,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Poofox,"A short trip through some pretty landscapes with logical, satisfying puzzles and nice music, marred by not so great narration and some bad sound design.Much of the ambient sound succeeded only in breaking immersion by being too loud, needlessly jarring, or just not believable.The story was interesting, the pacing was good, and the world was nice to explore.  Perfect length for an evening."
,Recommended,296070,23445723,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,BuckleBean,New Vive locomotion implementaiton just works. Teleportation + trackpad/button press analog walking. This is the update I've been waiting for. Walking sim/puzzle style game. Excellent use of scale. Breathtaking landscapes.
76561198171116429,Recommended,296070,23878529,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,FreeBowJobs,"I can't believe the reviews are mixed recently. I own nearly every vive game in steam and this is one of my favorite experiences. Epic visuals, great soundtrack, and good puzzles throughought. Though the occasional narrations that are in the game weren't the greatest, the concept of the story and the way it is told through the levels/visuals/symbolism is amazing. Don't let these 13 year old cryhard stear you away from this one, little to no motion sickness and much more content per dollar than 90% of the vive games out right now.TLDR - Insanely beautiful game, good puzzles, not nearly enough downsides to warrant not doing a full playthrough"
76561198114760279,Recommended,296070,12725107,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Oreionvoid,"Beautiful graphics, environment and effectsNice musicSome puzzle solvingFeels like in a dreamPerfect game"
,Recommended,296070,11650624,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Lordscales91,"After reading some negative critiques to the game I saw that many players are maybe a little exigent, maybe because they played too much games so far and is difficult to find something new for them.Since I played Portal I started to love puzzle games, and this one don't just give you a set of puzzles but also a beautiful visual design that you can enjoy while solving them, that's enough for me.Maybe the developer focused more on the story and the visuals than on the puzzles, but that's fine, I hate hitting a too much hard puzzle, the level of difficulty of the puzzles in Mind is appropriate for me, maybe too easy sometimes but I don't care."
,Recommended,296070,11783194,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Indieandajones,"Good game for troubled people and those enjoy a ethreal theatrical experience. The game itself is a very interesting concept of one mans inner struggle of forgiveness, guilt and overly exerted thoughts. The story's good for people that deal with anxiety and for those who want a very intriguing surreal ""Inception"" like experience. I must warn though, even though the game itself is therapeudic and beautiful; it still had flaws. The flaws consisted in repetition, all though this a personal opinion, It is important for a game to maintain momentum. The game opens up very differently when compared to most games. Path of Thalamus has major transisitions that are surreal and mind blowing. As the game progressed, the puzzles became tiring. I had gained the full feeling of success after every intricate subliminal puzzle. I just grew disappointed to see that the game had not kept the pace of the incredible transitions in the begining. This definitely is a different take on puzzlers, which I respect... I just wish I could run after I would make a wrong attempt at a puzzle. For the price of the game, this has got so much! Most worthy of the 12.99$ price. As a scale of rating, I would give an 8-10."
,Recommended,296070,18901368,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Abysswalker,"This game did a brilliant job of creating an amazing atmosphere and presenting engaging puzzles, that aren't all that difficult, but feel rewarding. The only down side is the narrative. It's really good and engaging until the very end, then it becomes pretty lame. They had a great oppertunity to progressively tell the narrative throughout the game and unfold the mystery as you go along through showing rather than telling, but instead we just get a big narrator told exposition at the end that doesn't seem all that congruent or relavent to the rest of the game.All in all, great game, but a missed opportunity on the story.Still would recommend it though."
76561198013865579,Recommended,296070,24107319,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,nilen435,"I really like the atmosphere of this game and it had decent puzzels. A good length and not to long. Aparently the enhanced edition removed the final boss level. I like this because it destroys the atmosphere of the rest of the game and is a bit silly, but in a way intresting."
76561197970495283,Recommended,296070,23812978,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Knyght,"This game has some of the most breathtaking scenery and it's worth buying just to see it in VR. It's light on story and mostly linear gameplay, but I didn't buy this for the game. I bought it to see all the amazing landscapes in VR and I was no disappointed one bit. If you're looking for a fast pace action pack game then this is not for you. But if you like puzzle games or just want a relaxing game to stroll through some of the most beautiful VR levels then you will love what's in here."
76561198025243112,Recommended,296070,30868417,Posted: 31 March,all,thehippiehasspoken,"I played the non-VR game. Very Pretty visuals. I loved the atmosphere and the puzzles were fun and not too tough or too easy...I didn't have any real problems playing. Occasionally got stuck, literally, and just alt tab closed the game and opened it again. Auto saves, so no problem. Pretty good story too. I'd love to play more like this. Didn't seem too long or too short."
,Recommended,296070,26193851,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Bumblebugbee3,I am quite a big fan of the emerging genre of story-driven adventure games: or walking simulators as the skeptics like to say. However they could hardly call that the case in Mind Path to Thalamus. This game actually blends heavy narrative elements with a bunch of puzzles. Its a unique combination thats has never really been split as evenly as they are in this title. Caught in a dream like state you must solve various challenges to reawaken your cognitive functions while battling your emotions regarding your tragic past.In my mind the story is the highlight of this experience. There isn't too much I can say as I don't want to spoil anything. The game starts with a hurricane crashing down on your home and you go charging in looking for your daughter Sophia. Immediately after you find you yourself in a strange land hoping from one landscape to the next. The protagonist is clearly going through a lot of turmoil and has a very dark outlook. The narrative starts out quite vague and hard to follow but as you progress it becomes more and more clear what is troubling your character.In order to recuperate you'll have to put your mind back together through a series of puzzles. The core mechanic revolves around these little tumbleweed balls. You must move the balls to different parts of the level to activate various features such as rain to lift bridges and darkness to open various gateways. Its a really simple idea that is milked for all its worth throughout this adventure. The difficulty doesn't seem quite as balanced as it could have been with many puzzles being quite easy while some are a bit frustrating.From a narrative perspective the puzzles actually seem purposeful. I'm used to story-driven adventure games typically being more relaxing so it was quite a different experience trying to solve puzzles at the same time. For the easier puzzles it wasn't so bad but two or three of the harder ones kind of pulled me out of my immersion in the story. I think the main problem is that this isn't a particularly long game. That is no surprise for a well polished indie game however in other puzzle centered games there is usually more time to train your brain on how to gradually get better at the puzzles.Mind Path to Thalamus was an interesting experience. Visually it isn't as stunning as some of its predecessors but some of the panoramic scenes are quite striking. I really grew to like the story and I found the protagonist's struggles quiet interesting. The puzzles are definitely a unique addiction to the genre and most of them are quite enjoyable. The tougher puzzles may disengage you from the experience but once you see them through you'll be right back sucked in. This definitely wasn't the smoothest ride I've been on but I'm glad I saw it through to the end.
,Recommended,296070,20547877,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,liboo,"It is a pure puzzle game with a background story about a men and his life. The whole gameplay is inside that man's head/dream. He get uncoscious at the begging and, as the game progresses, he gets conscious.Pros:-Unique Design (really beautifull game);-Interesting Puzzles;-Not that bad soundtrack;-For such a cheap game (if  buy it on sale) it's really good and worth the money!Cons:-Game mechanics have no love at all;-No emersion, zero.I recommend this game, I think you could buy it if you're into puzzles and good looking games."
,Recommended,296070,23536558,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,B_Thax,"Played with the HTC Vive. Not bad, not bad at all. Visuals and puzzles are interesting, specially the visuals. Got stuck in a couple of puzzles in the mid game, but nothing a youtube walkthorugh can't solve for you! Loved the mid-boss and the forest levels. 0 motion sickness."
76561198034550148,Recommended,296070,11645300,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Exizt why,"Flat out gorgeous and fun. Wish it was harder but spent more than a few minutes just admiring the artistic composition of the various puzzles. Buy it immediately. Make Mind II, developer- I'll buy it! Wish more games were available like this!"
,Recommended,296070,11777725,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Araxamas Terimidias,"A magnificant game, has to be one of the best games I have ever played. Amazing Visuals and an interesting story to go with its  brain hurting puzzles.10/10 would buy(And Have)"
,Not Recommended,296070,12930845,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Borgnine,"A gorgeous but tedious and mind numbing slog. I'm not very far in, but far enough that the ""puzzle"" design should have evolved about 4 levels ago. They've created a sort of cruel reverse-Sisyphus simulator where you literally just roll balls down hills. For some reason this game has MASSIVE empty outdoor environments, probably for thematic reasons, but it's an absolute chore to walk around in. The top notch visuals lose their charm when you start to nod off after leaning on the W key for 10 minutes. Add to that some pretty bad amateur voice acting and you've got yourself a big waste of my time."
,Recommended,296070,12715081,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Lev,"I haven't played the rest of the game yet, but first 15 minutes were like experiencing the Tibetan book of the dead. Really impressive!!!"
,Not Recommended,296070,27265080,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Jabokoe,"Interesting premise, gorgeous graphics, interesting puzzles but rough execution. Even basic things such as keybindings are not configurable. It seems the VR build has broken the 'novr' version, for example pressing the Escape key will not bring up an option menu but some wierd floating while plane at the left side of the screen... Combine this with unskippable introduction sequencing and the lack of a pause screen becomes infuriating when you have to try different settings to get this thing to work.Currenty one of the chapters has a broken spawn position (probably due to engine change or things changed for VR causing regressions in the non-VR build), this has been confirmed by the developer but it is not known when it will be fixed. :(A portion of the halloween puzzle is also bugged out for a decent amount of players and will be fixed 'next patch'.After all of this I discovered I got none of the achievements, even for very basic stuff. I don't think achievements are very important but it is kind of a red flag for ongoing technical issues if the basics don't even work."
76561198024973615,Not Recommended,296070,20316394,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,SJB,Invisible platforms! What fun!
,Not Recommended,296070,14324368,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Pirateguybrush,"TLDR:-Novel puzzles-Gorgeous scenery-Weak story-Puzzle mechanics are poorly explainedVery pretty, with some fairly clever puzzles.  However, it probably leaves a bit too much to trial and error.  The story is fairly original, but ultimately fell flat for me.It concerns a man who lost his daughter in a tsunami, who has since fallen into a coma.  He's trying to find his daughter in his own mind, and escape from his mental state by solving abstract puzzles in the (really quite beautiful) landscapes of his unconcious.  Interesting premise, however it's delivered entirely through poorly acted voiceover.  The game doesn't really explain much about the protagonist or his daughter (at least in the first half of the game, I didn't finish it), so we don't really have an incentive to care all that much about either of them.  So that really leaves the gameplay as the main drawcard.There are some strong ideas when it comes to puzzles, however much of it fell flat due to the trial and error required to understand the basic mechanics.  I'll explain them, if you don't mind being mildly spoiled on the mechanics.  Essentially, there are areas on the ground that, when stood in, affect the level in various ways.  Patches of white flowers will change the level to night, which opens various portals around the area, and makes balls of light become visible.  Stone circles will bring on the rain, which raises certain wooden platforms.  Tree arches/circles will make the level foggy, but remove spherical barriers blocking paths.  These effects only apply while you're standing in the zones, so you'll need to place balls you find into them to change the states and solve the puzzles.  This also means that if you enter an area and it's already dark, you know there's a ball in a flower patch somewhere.  Once you've figured this out, the puzzle system becomes quite rewarding.  But the trial and error required to get to that point can be irritating.Ultimately, I gave up on playing about halfway through because I wasn't having much fun with the puzzles, and the story wasn't compelling enough for me to continue.  There's definitely promise here though, and I'll be keeping an eye on future projects from this developer."
76561198055762608,Recommended,296070,12918220,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Ortzz,"This game is ambitious. It attempts to tell a complex personal story, build amazing environments, and puzzle the player. It succeeds at two of these goals.The environments are incredible. The lighting is just heavenly (if not blinding) and gives a surreal out of this world vibe to every environment. Of course it also helps that the mechanics of the game revolve around manipulating the world and the levels react dramatically to your actions. The level design and visual direction of this game never fail, and it is this element that kept me going through the game. I was always excited to be dropped into a new level and always looked forward to moving on to the next one.The puzzles were good as well. The main mechanic of the game is super simple: dropping balls into circles. But depending on the circle you dropped the ball into the environment will change in a specific way (change fog level, start raining, ect.) which will move elements of the puzzle. I don't want to say to much more because it is better to go into the puzzles blind, but look at every nook and cranny, everything is there for a reason.But I think the story ultimately fails. The dialogue is just not performed well honestly and it takes away from the game. Every once in a while their will be non spoken moments that move the story forward, and I think those are really special. When the music (super good soundtrack by the way) and visuals are doing all the talking, this game can deliver an emotional punch. But whenever the protagonist starts talking, he just comes off as a redditor trying to sound very smart. It bothers me because I like the core ideas of the story, but it's just not delivered consistently.But overall, this is just a good puzzle game that has great graphics and cool puzzles. Get it on sale if you really like first person puzzlers."
,Recommended,296070,13725996,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Tailen,"This has been described as a First Person Puzzler. The story is a bit all over the place, but the payoff at the end chapter makes it worth sticking through; at which point you've lugged around enough glowy hamster exercise balls to last a lifetime.The reason you should play this game is for the sheer, mind-boggling prettiness of the scenery. I've had to stop in mid-puzzle a few times and just ADMIRE how awe-inspiring the levels are, and what joy it felt just to BE in that space. I haven't seen anything like this since the Myst games, and this comes without any unreasonably difficult puzzles.It is immersive exploration at its finest. A truly, truly beautiful game."
76561197965023330,Recommended,296070,13276853,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,InfernoNR,"The game was decent. I would personally give it a 6/10. The visuals and music were top notch. The puzzles were interesting enough, and the game was just a relaxing playthough. The story and voice actiong, however, were not very good and even moderately cringe-worthy at times. Overall though, I enjoyed it enough."
76561197995133463,Recommended,296070,13702518,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Drown In Your Lies,"This game contains a great dichotomy between the self-satisfaction of a puzzle game with the burden that you (as the main character) are a terrible person. I felt punished, redeemed, guilty, responsible, attached, and devoid of what he was trying to accomplish and/or escape from. It's one of the few puzzle games where the narrative is as compelling and rewarding as the puzzles themselves. Benefits greatly from a willingness to listen and empathise, so definitely play with the sound on. The environments are colorful and varied, and the last few levels in particular are ""stop and look at the skybox"" beautiful.It's only a few hours long, and not overly difficult, so you shouldn't worry about not being able to reach the end. Very much recommended for people who enjoy puzzle games, or who want a short but noteworthy experience.I don't write many reviews, but this game resonated enough with me that I felt the need to put those feelings in writing."
76561197979563731,Recommended,296070,14250940,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Chromatose,"This really is something special.  It's also clearly had a lot of love and care lavished on it, and it shows in the numerous updates since the game has launched to address criticism, and fine-tune the gameplay mechanics.Mind: Path To Thalamus is a really difficult game to nail down.  It could be erroneously referred to as either a puzzle game or (ugh) a ""walking simulator"", but neither would do the experience justice.  Sure, violence is conspicuously absent, and the main mechanical thrust of the game is solving some very clever (but never obtuse or frustrating) puzzles.  However, the game feels like much more than this, due to a very clear narrative thread that ties the various parts of the experience together, making a variety of visually stunning yet disparate environments form parts of an epic journey towards the Thalamus of the title.Of particular note is the frozen tsunami towards the end, which stands out as one of the most visually striking game environments in recent memory, although Mind is full of surreal and mind-bogglingly beautiful environments.  You'll traverse huge expanses of dreamlike field, navigate impossible geometry, fight a behemoth hundreds of feet high, and alter the environment itself.In spite of various criticisms, I also feel the narrative deserves praise for touching on the themes of bereavement and family tragedy in a manner notably absent of sensationalism or tokenism.  You never feel like the game is feeding you sentimentality, which it easily could have.  Although the voice-acting can come across as rather melodramatic, the story being told feels low-key and relatable.All in all, this is a fantastic purchase - a visual tour-de-force with finely honed puzzle-solving gameplay, good story, and a beautiful licensed soundtrack.  Recommended without a shadow of a doubt."
,Recommended,296070,17789711,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Nimue,"Personally, I'm not very good at puzzle games, but after hearing a lot of good things about the mood and art of this game, I decided to give it a try. Not surprisingly, I ended up having to use a walkthrough for some parts of the game, but for me, this game was as much about the beauty of it, as it was about solving the puzzles.Mind: Path to Thalamus is slow-paced and tranquil, which suits this game just fine. The player is taken on a journey, and both the music and the artworks make for a spectacular atmosphere, not to mention some really beautiful scenery. As such, this game might not be the best fit for anyone looking for something more fast-paced and challenging. But if you don't mind a slower pace, I might just suggest you give this game a try!"
76561198056021007,Recommended,296070,13068984,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Alfirin,"It's clear, that a lot of love went into creating this game. It's heartbreakingly beatufiful and heartbreakingly... heartbreaking. I feel bad for paying only 4 euros for it, it would have deserved more of my money."
,Recommended,296070,29413338,Posted: 21 January,all,Cam,"Rating: ⭐⭐⭐Pretty good walking simulator, I enjoyed the more artistic and experimental ideas going on. Was just long enough, any longer and it would have wore out it's welcome. The puzzles were a bit too clever for their own good sometimes and were hard to figure out what you even needed to do. Very beautiful game with excellent audio."
,Recommended,296070,11842307,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,"SuperJer [Linux ""Hipster""]","Though I may sound a little critical, I am definitely recommending this game to those who like exploration, puzzle, and highly narrative games.  It may not appeal to everyone, but those who enjoy this type of game will find it worth their while, even if it is only a short while.As you can probably tell, this game has a strong narrative.  The story is well constructed, and is told very well.  It's not a groundbreaker, but it's easy to care about the character and his struggle.Gameplay-wise, this is a little mixed.  I definitely enjoyed it, though some of the puzzles could be frustrating.  Fairly often I found myself concentrating so hard on the puzzles, especially later in the game, that I had to consciously step back and take in the visuals and atmosphere.  This isn't necessarily good nor bad overall, but I personally would have preferred a little more journey and exploration, and a little less puzzle.  Nothing wrong with puzzles, but the game becomes fairly well saturated with them before long.  Also, when you're carrying things, which is often, they take up most of the screen, blocking out much of the breathtaking visuals.When navigating the terrain, you'll often collide for no apparent reason, but it's not so bad that it ruins anything.  You're always able to get to where you're going.All in all, I had fun playing the game.  Some may complain about how short it is, but I find the older I get, the less time I have to sit and complete something.  So these shorter games are very welcome additions to my library.  While it seems to lack some polish, you'll still look back once you've finished the game and deem it time well spent."
,Recommended,296070,11674189,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,DingoZombie,"It was good, for the story that is, the puzzles where easy and felt a bit lacking. But if the game is on sale I would get it for the story alone. So if you are looking for a great looking story game to take some time out of your day this is it. If you are looking for a super challenging puzzle game you might want to look else where."
76561198107258071,Recommended,296070,22266991,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Ax,"I'd definitely recommend this and call it worth the pricetag, but it's kind of up to what you're looking for in a walking simulator.  Stunning visuals and clever (if convoluted at times) Portal style puzzles, go for it; a strong story and really smooth gameplay, ehhhh.Personally I'm really big on surreal surroundings and really enjoyed wandering the environments.  Invisible walls don't really curb the appeal of the seemingly endless plains and mirror-still water and misty depths, and compared to the past versions that I've seen mostly in Let's Plays the enhanced version of the game has really pared down and tightened up some of the puzzles so they're not as meandering.  It's all a very dreamlike ambience, and satisfying to solve and progress, especially as you move with a kind of surreal logic through environments that get hinted at ahead of you.  Plus the whole tone can change on a dime when you alter the environment with one of the puzzle elements; every one of them cause dramatic changes that fit in with the timeless nature of the place.  They're not kidding with that trailer, and every screenshot makes a desktop background.My biggest gripe is with the narration, not because it's bad (though in later stages of the game it is), but actually because I wanted to hear more of it.  Yeah it's melodramatic, but the way the main character thinks is interesting.  I'm not sure what's wrong but it seems like a lot of it doesn't load in, and the enhanced version made a lot of it optional so you have to specifically trigger narration bits by getting close to these clusters of lights.  If you don't happen to notice them, you're kind of screwed.  I literally didn't even understand until I saw a let's play with more dialogue that there were two characters in the game with the same name, because none of the context that would tell me that loaded in, and so it got extremely confusing.  Also, the audio can be frustrating; the rain is satisfyingly loud, but if you trigger narration while it's raining, welp.On the same note, several noises in the game are just unreasonably loud, considering how comparatively soft the narration is.  The worst offender was on top of this crystalline blue path in a dark blue void, just after a white portal.  These strikingly loud cracks started up and didn't stop and nearly gave me a heart attack.  I know it wasn't just me because I saw LPers react that way too.  And while I really enjoyed the puzzles, the game's been bugging on me here and there since the enhanced version, which is I assume some kinks that'll get worked out over time.  Relaunching is annoying but that's cleared it up so far.So ultimately I kinda wish the sound mixing were better and there were a way to turn off the narration, because the draw for me is primarily in the visuals and ambiance and having some basic goals as an excuse to traverse the beautiful levels.  I was disappointed in the story in the end, but considering I would have been roughly as happy without one, not a dealbreaker.  (It was at least interesting enough in concept for me to pursue finding out as much about it as I could, clearly.)  And the puzzles sound like they may be a bit of an acquired taste that I happen to have.I recommend it if the thought of navigating precariously fragmented forests over a sheer void and wandering into dense fog after glowing portals simultaneously fascinates and terrifies you."
76561198072218356,Recommended,296070,12278256,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Thoolo,"Wonderful Game, Very Beautiful Environments.It's a Unique game, with unique puzzles, but yet simple and enjoyable.Also with a very good story telling and voice acting, 100% Worth it for an indie game, very well made.9/10"
,Recommended,296070,11801300,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Freeman,"A beautiful and stunning game. The visuals were stunning from beginning to end. The vocal wasn't great voice acting, but  this game is definitely worth the price point."
,Recommended,296070,24265776,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,MLV,"I recommend this game, but I'm not overly enthusiastic about it.  I enjoy games in this genre, but this one is a bit opaque.  This game seemingly has some type of story but it is both obscure and weak.  I have played this through to the end (including the Epilogue) and am still left wondering what the heck all that psychobabble was about.  Compared to a similar game like Pneuma: Breath of Life, this game comes up lacking in almost every way.  The narrative is wholly unsatisfying.  The puzzle games are not varied enough and some require a quick reflex response that seems out of place.  MIND is a beautiful game--and what it lacks in narrative it compensates a bit with ambitiousness and uniquity.  I'd recommend it on the strength of the visuals and it's oddness; just don't expect any type of storyline or satisfying conclusion."
76561198020718009,Recommended,296070,24065872,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,nonprophet,"I honestly can't believe they charged so little for this game. I only hope they have enough money to make more games, because I am now an addict. This game was like mind-candy to me and I want more! It literally was that good. I feel like running out and buying an even better graphics card just to experience this game on all high settings.In the game (experience?), half the time I was wondering if I was going the right way, but then I ended up in the right spot I think. I'm sure that's all intentional to give you that ""wow I am lost in a weird place"" feeling!I'm not even sure what to call this game because I haven't finished yet. Murder-horror-adventure-mystery-game?"
,Recommended,296070,32232369,Posted: 6 June,all,mazohystofdecadence,"Beautiful & relaxing mind game. Looks exactly how the trailer shows. The game design is highly immersive and stands out amongst other dreamscape/ surrealist style walking sims. The only issue I have that can make the game a little frustrating, is trouble holding onto an item whilst trying to solve a puzzle. Other than that, wonderul game. I hope to see more like it on Steam."
,Recommended,296070,32581807,Posted: 19 June,all,Vinrafel,"Video Reviewhttps://youtu.be/rhzdq8sHbSoQuick InfoMind: Path to Thalamusreally succeeds in its holistic narrative approach. The puzzles were okay, but the interesting ones only came at the end of the game with much of the initial portion being a slog. If you want to see an example of a game that threads its story throughout all of its elements, then this is the title for you. If you’re looking for a good puzzler or a easy, relaxing walking simulator then you should turn away now.Path to Thalamuswas as frustrating at times as it was interesting. Admittedly, it is a pretty good buy for the price.For a more in-depth review see the video above or read the review at:Vinrafel"
,Recommended,296070,19690301,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Proxykon,"MIND: Path to Thalamus is a narrative puzzle experience.Design & ArtThe most obvious strongpoint of this game is its design and art. When I first played the game, it really drew me in instantly. I have never seen more beautifully crafted worlds and places in any game I played. Fitting color palettes, light and ethereal music support the visuals of the game positively.ControlsThe controls are pretty straightforward; if you played any shooter in the last century, you’ll have no problems whatsoever. You play from First-Person-perspective.Sound & MusicSounddesign is well managed and fitting. The music supports the game, feels well placed in concordance with most of the visuals and enhanced the gameplay.GameplayThe puzzles (which are the fundamental basis of this game) are forgiving enough at the beginning and get procedurally harder during the game. You can solve them with pure wit, sometimes you need trial and error (which, in my opinion, is rather a last resort than a viable solution to a problem). I have to note that most of the puzzles also require a LOT of walking. Solving a puzzle for the first time will take some duration and tenacity, since there is no running option in the game.WeakpointsThe game seems rather simplistic in its design and gameplay which positively supports the game, but that same simplicity also mortifies “Path to Thalamus”.The narrative part of the game is a very interesting topic (human psychology of loss and grief), yet its execution feels shallow and amiss. During the game, you rather scrape than plunge into said topics. The narrative picks you up at the beginning, but loses itself during later parts of the game. The voice acting feels cringeworthy at times and didn’t make me feel immersed enough. I guess the common disliking of the narrative part of the game lead to its near complete removal of the story in the “enhanced version” of the game (it is optional now, you don’t need to listen to the story). One of its weakpoints is fairly common among story-driven games: Replayability is completely out of the question, just like in Frictional Games’ “Amnesia” and “Penumbra”-series.And speaking of the devil, the “enhanced version” of the game (which was introduced recently) is the biggest thorn in my side. Holy hell. I bought and played the game before the new version and liked it to a certain degree. The “enhanced version” really ruined it for me. The game now runs more badly than before, I get way less Fps than before on the same settings, yet my hardware hasn’t changed. My PC fulfills all of the recommended settings.Not only that. At the same time, the graphics are now worse than before! How could this happen? The game is now more colorful than before, contrasts are higher (to a degree in which I couldn’t even see in the darkness, where before I could), my native resolution is now not supported by standard (What the frick?!), handling of objects feels worse and the ending and certain puzzles have been completely reworked.Concluding ThoughtsI really enjoyed the journey through someones elses mind. I can toss aside bad storylines by simply ignoring them. If you are a person, who enjoys beautifully crafted worlds and light puzzle solving, I urge you to get this game and install the old version of it (game options under steam -> betas -> old_mind). I cannot and will not support the new version of the game, since it feels worse than the unenhanced version. Don’t let yourself get fooled by this game's looks, while being beautiful, its narrative feels unstructured and messy. A real shame, because I want to love the game on both of these aspects. Yet I still enjoyed the game to a certain degree.Enjoy with caution. Do not play the new version if you want a decent experience with the game."
76561198008006340,Recommended,296070,11820266,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,The Slammin' Salmon,"Really sweet game. Awesome story, all the way to the end. Neat puzzles, too. It felt like Portal, but instead of Companion Cubes, you have Rolling Stones."
,Not Recommended,296070,25367380,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,"Fancy, Schmancy!","I wanted to love this game but just couldn't. Yes, it's beautiful. The strength of this game is in its dreamy, neoclassical landscapes that feel like you're wandering through an oil painting. But you can experience most of that beauty in a screenshot. In game, it feels hollow, stretched over an obtuse, lukewarm story and halfhearted puzzle elements that never quite reach Talos Principle levels of satisfaction.The biggest detriment, though, is the sound design. In a game that should feel immersive, the silences are glaringly awkward, punctuated by crashes and screeches set to jumpscare volumes. Meanwhile, the sparse dialogue sound like a mouse monologuing from inside a tin can. They didn't feel like surrealist choices to me. They just felt underproduced.If you go into this game anticipating a well rendered walking simulator instead of a story-driven first-person puzzler, you'll probably get more enjoyment from the game than I did. I don't regret the purchase, but I wish the game had matched its visuals with a better narrative and gameplay."
,Not Recommended,296070,34296798,Posted: 16 August,all,zziy,"Just a meaningless game, no lessons were impressed.The background is colorful, but that's all."
,Recommended,296070,11571686,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Foma,"I'm a fan of first person exploration/puzzle games such as the half life 2 mod research & development, dear esther and kairo. In the first 10 minutes I've played it seems good.I'm really writing to the dev; please add an invert mouse aim option. I'd be curious to know what % of us gamers play first person games with the verticle axis inverted but I know I'm one of them, so playing this game is taking some adjustment!"
,Recommended,296070,30230590,Posted: 27 February,all,zzymyn,Looks great and has some nice puzzles.
,Not Recommended,296070,25356028,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,foleydil,"Pros:-Some beautiful environments and excellent atmospheric effects-Only a handful of unique puzzle mechanics that were used well (reminded me of Talos Principle in that way)Cons:-Storyline is underdeveloped and unengaging-Gameplay is pretty dull, LOTS of walking, often in disorienting fog or darkness-Game is too short, I finished in about 3 hours-Was unable to invert X or Y axis using an Xbox 360 controller - ended up playing with mouse & keyboardI played through this in 2 sittings, hoping for some storyline development (or any excitement at all, really) and wound up disappointed. Some of the puzzles were cool and rewarding, and the environmental effects were well-done, but I wish I would have played something else. I think the narration is meant to be mysterious or vague, but it's so poorly done that it was more of a distraction than anything.Buy this game on sale if you're into atmospheric games, but don't expect a good story or any action."
,Recommended,296070,21100589,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Thenavidude,"It's okay.  I mean, people state some problems with that i haven't yet seen, some probably bs others probably true, but i mostly enjoy games because they are intriguing so......If you want an intriguing game 10/10If something else, idk ill have to finish and update my review."
76561197989906616,Recommended,296070,12101069,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Steboost,Stunning high detail worlds and a mysterious otherworldly story add a nice steady pace to the simplistic yet well implemented puzzles. The “balls” you have to carry can sometimes be in the way a bit making it slightly Awkward to see where you’re going but its only a small niggle with an otherwise charming and unique game.
,Recommended,296070,13802553,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Frobozz,"I really enjoyed the gameplay and visuals. The narrative, on the other hand, got a bit heavy handed towards the end. Certain plot elements are revealed early enough for you to not even care about the ending anymore.The game is worth buying but if I played it again i'd disable the dialogue in order to zone out and enjoy the atmosphere.There's about 3-4 hours of gameplay for the average gamer."
,Recommended,296070,20530044,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Sidi,"Played through the whole thing and while there's good in there (the scene with the giant) but the overall experience just felt a little shallow.Some of the puzzles are nice and took me a while to realize what the solutions were, one scene (the fog) had me so frustrated I wanted to quit but I pushed through and felt rewarded (which I felt is what the scenario intended).There are a number of areas that could use polish, some of the audio is quite bad, and it needs an extra layer of love in terms of texture quality and placement of objects, some textures were low resolution even on ultra as well as objects and foliage floating. The story is OK, but for me the voice over was very off putting and perhaps the story could have been told via other means. A minor gripe but, apparently I press ""Escape"" to move backwards through menus a lot but in this game it immediately quits the game, quite frustrating after the 20th time.I'd only really recommend this for the scene with the giant, I really enjoyed that."
76561197971276058,Recommended,296070,13062310,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,debe.sys,"Well, reading how one liked or disliked the game is usually useless, unless that someone either provides plenty of unbiased facts about the game, or puts his/her views in perspective.Giving out facts about Mind would not be fair to this game, so I'll just say that this is my top 5 favorite game of all time next to Quake, HL2, Portal 2 and probably some other game I can't recall right now (Colin McRae Rally ;))). I even like this game's moderate length (hate long and open world games). The theological themes were worrying in the beginning (I'm an atheist), but, at least imho, all turned out well in the end, just as expected. Overall, this is the game that you can show to your friend who hates all computer games and thinks they're for infantile imbeciles only.Yes, it is far from perfect. Yes, the flow does get broken in places, because you're just not used to this kind of puzzles (and there's one super irritating jump to make). But as a surreal first person puzzlers go, it is brilliant. I fully expect it to be surpassed pretty soon though, as every other genre-first was surpassed in its time. And it is great! First person gaming was becoming too stagnant, too predictable, too dumb, but with games like this one it's getting exciting again."
76561198137245263,Recommended,296070,12675515,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Roesch21,Highly recommend this game. Great music and fun yet not too difficult puzzles.
,Recommended,296070,12832664,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,worri3db3ar,really great looker and man if you like puzzles then there are real gems here.while the game is short but it was one of those that puts the 'Q' in quality for puzzles.there is not enough praise this game can have especially if you have your headphones on as accompanying the puzzles are a bunch of really great background soundtracks. the only issue i have is the fact that the nerve ball is literally obscuring about 70% of the screen as the game does not look bad at all from puzzle to the next uzzle is just breath taking.you just have to try the game even if you are a bad puzzle solver ^^
,Recommended,296070,12882412,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,sad bird man,"Visually and sonically beautiful, it definitely plays scale, minimalism, and surrealism to its benefits. Plenty of interesting puzzles to go along with the environments, though it only took around 3 hours to get through all of it. Considering the gameplay pacing, I'd say this was appropriate. I'm not totally sure what parts of the acting and script people were complaining about, so it must be fixed by now. Granted, the story could have done more with the emotions that it set up.Anyway, it was overall a very positive experience for me. Keep in mind, it's probably not for everyone. If you like more aesthetically-minded games and don't mind a lack of much action, you should appreciate it. If you're looking for fast-paced, look elsewhere."
76561198117245499,Recommended,296070,12912578,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,amras.gondreniant,"If you seek a puzzle game with challenging riddles and beautiful landscape both, this one is for you.""Mind: Path to Thalamus"" is the most beautiful puzzle game I've ever seen in my life.You can spend time just by walking around. Even if you are stuck, you only have to enjoy breath-taking view to refresh yourself.There were several unneccesary things, anyway. I would be greateful if select button displayed a map instead of CTF options.Oh, and yes. If you are familiar with human anatomy, the subtitle is a big spoiler for you."
,Recommended,296070,23428903,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,jordandmc,"This was a good 5hr VR game. Played with the Rift and X-Box One controller the game is good both standing up and sitting down using the ""comfort mode"" view snap head adjustments with the bumpers. Unfortunately, as with most first person VR games it also has the analog view adjustments that all VR games should do without. Overall the abstract story makes you wonder and the gameplay puzzles are entertaining."
,Recommended,296070,23294100,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,[DMC]AstralPlane,A surreal like dream. Deffs for VR though
76561197970864200,Recommended,296070,23230854,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Stedios,"Love this game, A trippy VR experience not to be done on Acid!, It's very similar to Talos Principle in it's handling of first person puzzles, Instead of lasers etc you now have weather, areas of effect, and magical orbs to play around with, The puzzles are easy then get a bit mind numbing but never to hard that you rage quit, It's just an enjoyable game to experience in VR and is a must purchase if you have a Vive, Using the Vive controls is a bit tricky and I stuck with a Xbox controler which made the game much more friendly to play, It's continuous movement and makes you feel a little odd if standing up, but seated is great and left me with no ill effects, The story is told in snippits of dialogue you find around the world and is an accompaniment to the gameplay, all in all a great ride. 8/10"
,Recommended,296070,23346754,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,SutekiB,"I love this game.PROS:Performs very well on my 'VR ready' PC - smooth with high frame rates.Looks gorgeous.Nice music.Refreshingly non-violent, emotional journey; with some really magical and relaxing sections.Supports the Vive HMD natively.Supports WASD input so I can use the Virtuix Omni and move naturally without sim-sickness.Can quickly switch between levels from the outset.CONS:A recent update seems to have introduced a bug on the first level that makes my POV too high - hope that'll get fixed soon.Doesn't have hand tracking via the Vive controllers (it was developed before these were available, so that's understandable).The puzzle solving may not be to everyone's liking (this is not an action game, and is focussed on atmosphere - it may feel sparse to some), but I enjoy it and for me this game is more about the feels anyway.Doesn't use the Omni's SDK for fully-decoupled navigation (this has only just been released, so wouldn't expect it to yet).One of the mechanics in the game (where you get flung across distances by something) isn't very VR friendly, but again this game was not originally developed for VR, so this is to be expected.Be aware this game has free-roaming locomotion (the best kind!) and so you may experience sim-sickness if you don't have a motion platform like the Virtuix Omni. Unfortunately, some people may be giving this game a worse review than it deserves because A) They're not playing it in VR, so not getting the atmosphere, B) They're playing it in VR but without a motion platform so they're getting sick. Not criticizing those reviews, just noting it's a bit sad to see this game get a lower score than I would expect from my experience of it.I recommend getting an Omni to play this (and many other games), so you can turn off the chaperone lines safely, and there is even a way to remove the floor outline for maximum immersion. Here's a video of me playing some of the levels with it:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MOqRw1tiUO0Overall, this is a must-have title for the HTC Vive.9/10"
,Recommended,296070,13116029,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Chief (is away for work),"If you love puzzlers and can get over the terrible dialogue writing and voice acting, this is a beautiful game with some great ideas supported by amazing visuals and immersive sound design."
,Recommended,296070,13116786,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,rits,"This game is a great indie, first-person, strategy game that makes you think outside the box. If you don't know what that is yet, you will find out when you play this."
,Recommended,296070,13175063,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,TheCrux,"Mind: Path to Thalamus is a puzzle game with a narrative. I was on the fence about buying it, as I thought it would be another ""walking simulator"" of just walking through a story line, but ended up buying it on a sale. (TL;DR pro/con list at the end)I was completely off on the ""just another walking simulator"" notion. The types of puzzles in this game are original, well thought out and progress in difficulty. There was only one puzzle near the end that I had to look up, but I was close and I would've gotten it with a bit more time. The puzzles involve four different ""areas"" where you can place an orb to accomplish something:- Night, which allows you to use gate ""portals"" to teleport to other ""portals"" and allows you to use a second orb that's only available in night ""mode""- Storm, which raises platforms to allow you to access higher areas or cross gaps- Past, which rebuilds broken structures- FogThe Scenery is amazing and almost every level is screenshot-worthy. I was really blown away with the visuals.Here's a list of pros and cons:Pros:- Amazing visuals- Pretty good story line- Original, fun puzzlesCons:- A couple puzzles may make you feel lost like you don't know what to do next. obviously it's a puzzle and it's expected, but I can think of one level that was somewhat large and I felt lost for a bit.- Somewhat short. Obviously playtimes will vary based on how fast someone can solve the puzzles, achievement hunting, looking at scenary, etc, but I was expecting more.tl;dr: Awesome game - unique and fun puzzles with a great story and narration, but somewhat short. If you're on the fence about this game, pick it up on sale."
,Recommended,296070,13274452,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Faydra Lune,"This is a fantastic puzzle game with an engaging story and fantastic voice acting, especially for an indie game!  The visuals were seriously impressive (I would often stand around looking at all of the details) and the puzzle mechanics are creative and just plain old fun.There is the occasional glitch (for some reason, I had a hard time keeping a grip on the nerve clusters.  They would just fall out and roll away.  I would be doing certain puzzles over and over just because of that issue) but it's hard to tell if it was just my computer being a turd or an actual gameplay issues since other people didn't seem to have the same problem.Regardless of the glitches, it's a fantastic game and I HIGHLY recommend it to people who love story-based puzzlers."
,Recommended,296070,20331574,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,CavalryBear,"I can absolutely recommend this game as an incentive to fine-tune your PC. To get it working, I had to fix a long-lasting issue with Windows update my PC had for several months now and install 2.5 GB worth of patches. Some of them manually, piece by piece. My Win 8.1 is now fully up-to-date, protected as best MS can offer and double-proofed against Win 10 spam.The game itself is ok but not extraordinary – interesting landscapes, sort of original puzzles, ok-ish sound and average graphics. It has a story, not particularly deep, but better than some Hollywood movies nowadays. Pretty impressive for a game developed by 3 people, who still check the discussion boards and seem to be doing their best to fix the bugs. More than can be said for most AAA titles.All in all, I found the installation process more engaging and offering a broader range of emotions. It lasted longer than it took me to finish the game, too, give or take 30 minutes that I wasted because an orb was stuck in my hands or something like that."
,Recommended,296070,15455593,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Summarily Executed,"This is a fantastic game, with amazing asthetics. Easily one of the best games I have played of this genre. A modern Myst."
,Recommended,296070,11710939,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,PYROMANT|C,"Mind: Path to Thalamus is a fantastic example of what the indie development scene is capable of producing, from the gorgeous visuals right down to the engaging story. Whilst a story-driven indie puzzler might not be everyone’s cup of tea I feel Mind: Path to Thalamus would stand well just on its mechanics alone, with the inventive mechanics requiring more than passing glance to understand fully. It might not be a perfectly polished gem however Mind: Path to Thalamus expertly delivers on the goals it set out to accomplish and is definitely worth checking out if you’re a fan of the genre.Read my full review here:http://www.therefinedgeek.com.au/index.php/2014/08/15/mind-path-to-thalamus-how-many-times-will-i-kill-her/"
,Recommended,296070,13783381,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,CJ,"Beautiful level design, wonderful music, incredible visuals, clever puzzles. The story is intriguing... for the first three quarters of the game. All of a sudden the plot becomes extremely literal and the voice acting seems to take a nose dive. I'm assuming I'm playing the ""Enhanced"" version, so it's a shame that they still didn't get this quite right.  In saying this, I thoroughly enjoyed two and a half of the three hours it took me to complete MIND, and can still highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys slow paced puzzlers. Please make more games, Carlos Coronado - you're very good at it - but please find a decent writer and voice over artist.EDIT: 11-10-15 - No I was not playing the Enhanced Edition (which apparently only just been released. This makes me more hopeful!). It's also important to note that I *STILL* have a screenshot of this game as one of my backgrounds - it's just that beautiful."
,Recommended,296070,11853130,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Cranks,"Did you like/play Portal?Did you like/play Shadow of the Colossus?IF(True, Play, Play)"
,Recommended,296070,11868562,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Saltywheels,Very fun game. It's a nice change of pace.
76561198087935483,Recommended,296070,30421122,Posted: 9 March,all,バルキリー,"unique game it has puzzels and other things, it be even better with VR, if game is in discount is good try it out."
76561198154340856,Recommended,296070,20599081,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Thyreos,"Sadly, the narrator of the storydecides to numb his pain through existentialism rather than resolving his problems through reconciliation,but the game is pretty and the puzzles are fun."
,Recommended,296070,25327922,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,hoserama99,"This was a neat, if fairly pretentious, puzzle game.The puzzles themselves were somewhat clever, and I enjoyed the environments. I didn't encounter too many bugs, although I did manage to get myself stuck one time behind a portal with no way to finish a level because I had moved one of the ""night"" balls to the wrong spot and accidentally got it killed with no way to get it back. I was able to restart the level from the menu, however, and that cleared it up.One minor complaint is that the first proper level of the game is not entirely intuitive in that the mechanics of how things work and what you're to do are never explained, so it does take a bit of futzing around before you figure out that you're supposed to drop those balls inside the tree ring to progress.My biggest complaint is, I suppose, the writing and voice-over work. The dialog is that of a super-bitter cynic, and it starts to grate fairly quickly.That said, I'd definitely recommend this both for the visual presentation and the puzzle aspects. Once you get into the mindset of how the puzzle mechanics work, things start moving along at a pleasant pace. If you can ignore the pretentiousness of the narrator and his babbling about the tree of Thalamus, you'll have a pretty good time.Recommended: 4 out of 5."
,Not Recommended,296070,27888578,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,AddleTwintone,"At this time the game is becoming unplayable. Would not recommend until these bugs are fixed.++GOOD: This game is nice to look at, very pretty, with interesting puzzles that will make you think.---BAD: Audio is unbalanced. Either too loud or too low. Bugs in various places, some will make you restart areas. Past two updates have made the game worse for non VR play (I do not play in VR so it's useless to me). Today alone I had the game crash three times and sent two crash reports. Even made my monitor lose signal to my pc. Given I was able to play the fourth time I tried, there's a 3/4th chance the game will crash."
,Not Recommended,296070,29682008,Posted: 3 February,all,Andi,"*SIGH*  Where do I begin?  I'm sorry, but I did not like MIND Path of the Thalamus and I wouldn't recommend it unless you like psychedelic games that messes with your head.  I like puzzles games based on physics, mechanics, and could possibly exist in some world somewhere.  This game has none of that.  This game can only exist in the Mind... the title should have tipped me off but when I saw the “puzzle” tag, well, for me, that's like a moth to a flame.As with most games, there are pros and cons.Pros:The graphics are very well done (beautiful in some parts)There are several puzzles to solveThe voice acting, although not top notch, is decentThe developers still post updates and answer questionsCons:The story makes little to no senseThere are no mechanics or any way to know how anything worksSeveral times you are fumbling around the dark, fog, etc...Keeping control of items can be frustratingI will say this though, the saving grace for this game is that puzzles are challenging and it will be you busy for awhile."
76561198019556056,Not Recommended,296070,28759522,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,maximus3000sa,"I really tried to like this game but I couldn't get into it, too little info about what I was doing.  :-("
76561197971757509,Not Recommended,296070,26117049,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,tomd8,Weak story...nice visuals....totally frustrating design....as if created by someone not familiar with the English language. Dont waste your time or money.
76561198000796305,Recommended,296070,11568176,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Nurse ☆*:. o(≧▽≦)o .:*☆,"This was a nice change of events, the only thing i done on steam is shoot people. This beautiful puzzle game is something i highly recommend.Our whole life is about solving puzzles - Erno Rubik"
76561198025034128,Not Recommended,296070,26551727,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Blackpaw,"Looks nice, what I can see of it - but very buggy, constantly loses control of mouse and flicks back to windows desktop. Makes it unplayable.From the updates and comments on the forums, developers seem to have a ""Up yours"" attitude."
,Not Recommended,296070,22048752,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,InnerFire,"Played on the Vive - wretchedly bad control system, no guides or explanations, just standing around being stuck while a giant tornado bears down on you. Don't bother."
,Not Recommended,296070,31795245,Posted: 16 May,all,VeritasQuo,"Old age simulator.Living a life full of regrets, walking around at half a mile per hour with foggy eyes, experiencing halucinations while trying to remember where your balls are."
,Recommended,296070,25373182,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Relaki,"First and foremost this game is a surreal experience. Secondly, it's a puzzle game.The puzzles are self-contained and you must solve each one to move on to the next, in a completely linear manner. Most are fairly straight forward and solving each overall puzzle isn't as satisfying as it should be. Instead, every few puzzles you will need to identify a new mechanic, and finding these are what make the experience rewarding. These are your eureka moments.As other comments have said, the story is way in the background somewhere and I wasn't engaged enough to look forward to the conclusion: I just wanted to solve each of the puzzles and see what came next.To unravel the story you don't need to do anything special. Even if you miss some of the sound bites, which can be found scattered around in some of the puzzles yet most of them right in your path, you will understand just fine what's going on.The length is quite short but fitting at 4-5 hours, and there is enough diversity to keep you interested until the end.For VR (I don't have a VR headset); given the limited selection of games right now, limited controls and the surreal landscapes, as well as the price and length; If you like puzzles this is one you should probably consider."
76561198137424341,Recommended,296070,23025901,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,PANDOR,"after i finished this game i can say it was a great trip amazing not to hard but tricky some times anyway if you are looking a game with fun puzzles great scenery,peaefull music and story rich this is your game you will not regret buying it!!"
,Not Recommended,296070,28280205,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Jinx,"Meh.I was looking for an open wandering puzzle game that doesn't hold your hand and player reviews suggested this was it. And it looks nice.None of those reviews mentioned this game is boring and uninteresting.You find the ""Hoberman Expanding Sphere Toy"" in each section and drop it on a very specific -- and not always clear -- spot to make fog go away or activate something. Then the character you're playing quips about regret or disappointment vis a vis his behavior in the past which you don't know anything about and have no context for. (But he never mentions how I regret purchasing this game.)I kept coming back to this in my earliest Vive-owning days because of a lack of other pretty games. Until... finally I decided I wasn't having any fun nor wonderment. If there's a big story pay-off at the end, I'll never know.PROSPrettySurreal sceneryCONSBoringNot fun"
,Recommended,296070,29345834,Posted: 18 January,all,Ben Plays VR,"A trippy dream adventure for your Vive.It's unconventional in it's game mechanics and design, but the environments are beautiful.If you're looking for a puzzler in a ""dream state"", look no further."
76561198039728536,Not Recommended,296070,31187080,Posted: 16 April,all,suicune2000,"This game is pretty, but SLOW and BORING. There aren't enough story elements to keep my interest and the game has a smothering feeling of being extremely pretentious. After turning mirrors for what felt like an hour, I turned the game off."
,Recommended,296070,24147358,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Jagrnght,I bought this on the steam sale and I'm impressed with the level of emotional enagement the environments elicit in VR.  There was a crazy electric ball that jumped out at me indiana jones style in a cave level and I felt that damn thing go right through me.  My skin was buzzing.  My body felt pentrated by a ghost.  I'm a bit freaked out by the way the mind produces physical sensation in the limbs in VR.  I'm super samplling this to 1.5 on my Vive with a 970 and it keeps 90 fps in the graphics screen.
,Not Recommended,296070,24199700,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Arlo,"I'm way into these types of games, but I just can't recommend this one.  The story is both very generic and very lacking.  The little snippits of dialogue you'll find throughout the game are just not acted well, and the writing is the usual ""novice writer trying to sound poetic and smart"" that plagues the genre.  The puzzles were fine, with one or two good head-scratchers, but for the most part they were overly-easy or kind of tedious.  Visually, the game's backdrops often looked quite pretty, but everything up close was extremely simple or even ugly.  This wouldn't be as much of a problem if the game didn't suffer from performance issues despite the simple graphics.Really the whole thing just wasn't worth much; there are just too many games out there with better stories and better puzzles.  So unfortunately I've got to suggest you skip it.  I do think the dev has potential though, and I look forward to seeing if they improve with their next project."
76561197995825753,Not Recommended,296070,24489298,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,s279961,"False advertising that needs to be removed from the game's store page:“Play the game in Virtual Reality for a full immersive experience. Oculus and Vive compatible, including dk2 and Vive dev hardware.” - While the game's main screen is viewable in the Oculus Rift, NO form of input available actually works.“Steam controller, keyboard, gamepad and VR controllers 100% supported and configurable.” -Keyboard and gamepad are utterly useless (not recognized at all) when in VR.Worthless in Rift.I might rebuy once I get the Touch controllers, as the devs have said it is compatible with those."
,Not Recommended,296070,30527325,Posted: 15 March,all,Ghanth,"UNPLAYABLE! Locomotion is totally broken on VIVE !! It's been a while now and Devs are NOT FIXING IT still !!!!!Damned ! This game used to be one of my favorite VR experience... with its locomotion controls a la ""Onward"" ... pure wasted now."
76561197968953321,Not Recommended,296070,13835363,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,zeus,"first, id like to give the game a positive recommendation, but when i look at the full package, i just cant. if there would be a neutral rating then id chose that coz it doesnt deserve a thumbs down, nor a thumbs up.the game is beautiful, the music is good and fits to the game. it also has an, lets call it, interesting atmosphere. in the beginning i had a few wtf and wow moments, because i also didnt know what to expect from the game i always felt a bit uncomfortable. i always had this ""horror game"" feeling and was waiting for that one scary moment, which ofc never happened, but for me the game built up some tension in the beginning.now to the most important part, the puzzling. i expected interesting puzzles, not with a very high difficulty to solve but just decent puzzles. i found this at the start of the game but soon i had to notice that all puzzles are the same. after the second level it was no challenge anymore. you know exactly what you have todo, you search the ball(s) and you just need to figure out the order/combination on how to use em. its all very logical, you may get stuck sometimes coz its a bit different than the previous puzzle or you cant directly find the way you have to walk to advance. but it maximally takes a very few minutes to figure it out. so after 2-3 levels you kinda just walk trough.next thing is, if you take your time as casual gamer and dont rush trough, you will have finished this game in max 3 hours. the only reason to use more time is when you look at the beautiful sceneries or when you hunt the hidden achievements or challanges (like completing a level within xx seconds).its really sad nowadays, theres rarely any decent 3d/first person puzzle games with a real challenge (not talking about pure puzzlers). im thinking about games like myst was back then. a game with a very interesting story and many different puzzles. puzzles where you needed a notebook to write stuff down and puzzles may take hours till youre able to solve em.the story in Mind is weird, the protagonist, which you are playing, is an idiot, a very annoying character. the protagonist is always talking to you, explaining you things and telling you about the past and future, so hes kinda talking to himself. but not only did his character annoy me, so did his voice. with every level ive got more and more annoyed of this♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥the game has absolutely no replayability at all and with the fact that the character annoyed me that much im quite happy that i never have to hear his voice again.ive paid 5€ for this game on sale, if i remember it correctly. the actual price for the game is 13€ which is by far too much. even 5€ is too much id pick this game up for 2-3€ if id be you, its not worth more. i think this game was created by artists and not game developers, at least thats how it feels. thats also the main reason why i just cant rate this game positive, the value for money is just purely bad and overweighs all positive aspects.another negative point is, no key bindings. theres only WASD and LMB/RMB used, but not all keyboard layouts have WASD on the same position and there are also lefthanded people which may be uncomfortable with those settings.so to sum it up; a very short beautiful game with a good atmosphere, non-challenging puzzles and absolutely no replaybility plus an annoying protagonist for an overpriced 13€."
76561198067008107,Not Recommended,296070,34943869,Posted: 14 September,all,Parasoc,Was amazing when they had Oculus support. Since they removed Oculus support I haven't played it and can't recommend it anymore.
,Recommended,296070,11596087,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Señor de las Pagodas,"This game is pure art, one of the best things i've ever played. The landscapes are breath-taking and the puzzles are really funny and surprising (though i would have prefered harder ones), and the storyline, it's simple and has a extrange metaphisical air... just buy it."
,Not Recommended,296070,17884009,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,PsychoticRabbit,"I really wanted to like this game. It looked nice and had decent puzzles, but the story and voice acting left much to be desired, especially in the end. Heavy-handed and innappropriately meta dialogue entirely shatter the pacing of the game, not to mention the final boss. It would've been better if the story was symbolic and/or metaphoric and left it at that instead of failing at trying to be clever. The story is partially incomprehensible due to poorly balanced sound, and what's beneath the shoddy design isn't worth digging for."
76561198147681794,Recommended,296070,25221913,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Psychosis,A VR must if your after a psychadelic exp. very immersive.
,Recommended,296070,25116534,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Pkdiorio,"Its a really nice game, developed with a special care to show fantastics puzzles that will challange you to discovery if you are capable to finish the game. I wonder to say that the developer bring us new game i will be the first to buy LOLOLOLOLOLOL."
,Recommended,296070,12692401,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,holmaed,This game will take you on a journey you'll never forget.
,Not Recommended,296070,23853878,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,mahklo,"If you're looking for a pretty game with boring gameplay and bad voice acting, this is it. It gets prettier after the first few levels so don't judge it right away like I did. It took me a while to figure out what I needed to do and gave up after a few levels. Not that I couldn't eventually figure it out, but it was just not interesting enough for me to put in the effort. Came back a few hours later and thought to myself, maybe I was being too harsh and gave it another go. Unfortunately I spent more time admiring the scenery than being intrigued by the puzzles. Also did I mention the voice acting was bad?"
,Recommended,296070,12421098,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Fancy,"Incredibly hard, but so satisfying at the end. Seeing as I've barely started it, this may not be accurate, but from my gameplay so far, 9/10."
76561198111108153,Not Recommended,296070,30418874,Posted: 9 March,all,DrK,Full of cool ideas but exicuted very poorly. Puzzles are interseting but fail to really mean anything. The puzzles feel like they are just there to keep you buzy. Only been playing for 30 minutes. I wouldent grab this badboy.
76561198014522093,Not Recommended,296070,32176831,Posted: 4 June,all,penbit,"Played both VR and normal version. Gets boring very fast. The levels and the ""mystery"" factor is there but the puzzles are very boring, not even necessary."
76561197970563452,Not Recommended,296070,17732457,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Rico The Saboteur,A masterclass on how to make the most tediously boring puzzles imaginable: dilute the few puzzle elements in an ocean of space. I could not even endure the youTube walkthrough on fast forward...
,Recommended,296070,22920398,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,gonzalezivan111,"I loved this game ... i just wished there was a better way to move around the world or teleporting option,since track pad moving causes motion sickness"
,Recommended,296070,31481017,Posted: 1 May,all,Felixoli888,I like how many puzzles there are
,Not Recommended,296070,24025196,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,EsotericMemeticPoetic,"MIND: Path to Thalamus might be described as a ""Walking simulator"" type game, but I'd place it more in the ""Puzzle Platformer"" genre; that's fine, not exactly what I was expecting, but still a style that I enjoy. The problem is that it doesn't do much with either element of that genre: barely any platforming, and the puzzles--for the most part--aren't very puzzling.The game manages to have beatiful environments, that you can't explore, and a nice ambient soundtrack, that you don't hear often. This kind of makes sense within the constraints of the plot, because (SPOILER that's given away by the title anyway): you're withing the main character's mind. I'm not sure about most people, but I don't hear music 24/7 in my brain; the invisible walls with lush scenery is still irksome--I'm not free to visit all the beauty that I see behind these narrow walls, and paths so obvious they could almost be described as ""on rails.""By far the most egregious transgression of the game, though, is the narration. The story is actually quite interesting: it has good character development, wonderful visual representations of the plot (all the visual metaphors and motifs are excellent), and an intriguing concept (representing the subconscious mind of the character). The narration ruins all of this; the exposition is helpful, but felt rushed at the end cutscene (as if not enough had come through during the game) and most of it was telling the audience how to interpret the gameplay or cutscenes as part of the plot instead of just letting us make those connections.If this was a free game that I played on some website while I was bored, I could forgive it and say that it's worth a play as a kind of timewaster. On steam for $9, I can't in good conscience recommend it to others and say that it's a good investment. I see a lot of potential in the devs and want them to receive the support, both financially and motivationally, to continue honing their skill, but I'd rather fund a new game than misdirect people to support them through this one."
,Not Recommended,296070,34419411,Posted: 22 August,all,AbsentLunchbox,Use and reuse of terrible assets (both auditory and visual) as well as a shoddy story that I didn't find intriguing. Would not recommend playing it.
76561198018388418,Not Recommended,296070,20871947,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,_theBug,"Very glitchy, puzzles with no clues, such as invisible paths and invisible objects. No objective that I could see. Not great looking either. You're given access to all chapters right at the beginning, but the chapters have no name when you start them, so you have no idea where you got up to. My character kept dropping the items he was holding for no reason. It's a shame because it had so much potential to be a great atmospheric puzzle game, but no I wouldn't recommend it."
,Recommended,296070,14335151,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Solaries,Gorgeous.  Amazing this is dx9.  Fairly simple puzzles but enjoyable casual playing.
,Recommended,296070,11992451,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Memph,"------Intro------Mind: Path to Thalamus is a game very much like Myst, but at least you can see what is happening this time, rather than walking aimlessly till you come across something useful. No! Not this game; in the world of making games more 'accessible' it's nice to be able to play a game which challenges your intelligence. To be honest, this is first game in a long while which I had to look at a walkthrough for (admittedly for a small thing I overlooked).---------Set-up---------If you were hoping for an options menu to rival Borderlands 2, then I am afraid to inform you that is not the case. The options they do include are;> Subtitles> Resolution - All the standard types> V-sync> Windowed/Fullscreen> Post-processing - Low, medium, high, ultra - Would have like to have seen more options here for individual effects.> Draw distance - low, medium, high, hugeUnfortunately there are no rebinding of keys - admittedly there are only 6 buttons, but I'm very much a esdf guy, so this was a bummer-------------The Game-------------The basics are very simple, walk around putting balls in spots to solve a puzzle. It is a text book definition of a walking simulator and it uses incredible art and design to keep you preoccupied during the long distances. From the comments I have heard the voice acting was obnoxious; but I felt it really set the tone for the characters grief as well as keeping it interesting during the puzzles.The art design is wonderful, epic skyboxes, detailed yet minimalistic landscapes and brilliant lighting.But I have a couple of complaints:One - Night mode ruins the beautiful colours this game has during day/time modesTwo - The balls are in the way, especially the glowing one, they could be at your side, not directly in front of the screenThree - White. Just too much white.These do seem minor, but a large portion of the game involves night time mechanics it would be great to keep it, but not to the extent to which it was used. The balls also obstruct your vision which is needed in this type of game to appreciate and understand your surroundings.In quite a few sections of the game it gets… Not horror-like, but a lot of threat, using various sound effects and environmental changes to compete the effect. So if that ain't your thing you might be rather discomforted when experiencing it for the first time.The main fault of the game is… Time. Spent. Walking.In portal there is no walking, there is limited space with portals leading to the next, and the next, and the next; often in quick succession. In this game you spend way too much time walking - going to and coming back from a dead end takes a lot of time making you regret going down there in the first place, and making you less willing to explore. Some puzzles require set up time which forces you to travel to the other end of the map for no logical reason; incredibly annoying if you mess it up and have to try again, and some levels are just plain huge, punishing mistakes through boredom.--------------Conclusion--------------Overall I feel this is a great gem of a title which you might finish in about 5 hours. If you can get over possible frustration with long walks then I would go for it, oh, and the soundtrack is beautiful; works so well with the feel of the game. I feel these developers had an idea and stuck with their guns, and it really paid off.This is Wilfred McCabe signing off, good night."
76561198072305679,Not Recommended,296070,13408272,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Lars5on,"I've never been so conflicted when it comes to a game of this genre...The best part of this game is the art work, like many have said before, it is absolutely gorgeous and I wish I could walk there in IRL.And that is, unfortunately, the only thing that keeps me playing...the story is, for me, not compelling nor interesting.I can see what they want me to feel and get from the story, but the voice actor and the writing is not good, not even after the update. (This could how ever be colored by the amazing storytelling from ""Ether One"" that I quite recently played, so keep that in mind.)So to sum this up, if you are looking for a puzzle game with amazing art work, then this is for you. The puzzles are good and difficult at times. However, if you want to play a puzzle adventure with a compelling story, then I recommend that you try to find another game."
,Not Recommended,296070,13522897,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Bum,"This is the first game I've owned so far that I've ever felt the need to write a review for.Long story short, I'm very disappointed in it.My disappointment comes not just from the sparse environments and the annoyingly bad puzzles, it's also directed towards the people who crafted this game. I'm confused as to how they could have felt that this... 'game' (if you can call it one) was worth releasing in such a state.Yes, several other users have mentioned that there is a narrative of sorts. But I for one cannot seem to see, feel or understand what on Earth they were trying to present to me. 'Reflections contain the truth' perhaps? It's a mechanic that's used in the puzzles in the opening hours of the game and one that I simply find annoying.While I can understand that many indie devs are eager to tell their tales and make their mark, this is simply not the right way to go about it as it will just leave people with a bad impression and overly cautious of your next product.Maybe future patches and updates will improve the quality of the game and reduce the spareness of the environments. But for now... it feels more like a proof of concept than something I've call a real game."
,Not Recommended,296070,13921353,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Davenwolf,OK I gave this game a few hours but it tragically flawed. If you want to spend 90% of your time redoing things over and over because the controls let you down then buy this game. Controller support..............lol yeah right.
76561198010233225,Not Recommended,296070,14511953,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Vahnatai,"Nice graphics, but 'levels' are huge and without a lot going on. It is also missing a lot of the little cues that make puzzles interesting. For example, after doing something at the other side of a portal you have to notice that a platform has gone from submerged to up in the sky, with both states being out of your field of view, in night lighting conditions. Not to mention similarly invisible submerged paths elsewhere.Will probably finish it, but it is not so exciting."
76561198085629478,Recommended,296070,13525673,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Zéf,"this is the kind of clever game intelligent people crave for. Great visuals, great concept, great story (not a brand-new-fresh-from-the-oven concept though, but come on!, today there are no absolutely new concepts anyway, as most concepts are inspired on previous ideas and influences).As many people say, I would've loved more soundtrack (the parts where it sounded were lovely and helped to get inspired), and maybe a little more intense voice acting (sometimes you could sort of feel the protagonist gave a♥♥♥♥♥♥about what happened, even if he should have been completely disturbed).Loved the couple of boss battles, where you had no more than your brain connections and memories to fight. Gave me the creeps! would've loved to see more of those battles though.Nonetheless, this is a very good game, despite its flaws (come on, every game has flaws!). And anyway, the flaws this game has are no big deal anyway, the game is completely enjoyable, beautiful and definitely worth every penny. Great work!"
76561198030210201,Not Recommended,296070,19112322,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,tonyoakden,SOrry but this didn't grab me.  The puzzles where interesting at first but then became boring and illogical.  The worst thing for me was that the story was dull and there where no characters to grab my attention.  It just felt very sterile and not at all engaging.  Rather expensive for about 2 hours of vague amusement before I got completely bored/frustrated and uninstalled it.
,Recommended,296070,13704601,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,TN Hoff,"This is an uncommonly gorgeous game - the art direction is fantastic.  The sheer scale of some of the things that happen in this game is breathtaking.  (Visually, this might be the best use of the Unreal engine I've ever seen.)  Without being too specific about the puzzles, once you figure out that backtracking is a thing, they strike a decent balance between fair and challenging - they're mostly fun and totally solvable if sometimes a bit cryptic.  The narrator is a prick - but I think that's part of the point.  He's a deeply flawed guy - and while the game's journey does represent a maturing process for him - he's still kind of a prick with loads of baggage.  It's as if he's searching too hard for meaning - calls himself out on it - and keeps doing it anyway.  If you can get past the imperfect character, the game is amazing - worth playing for the art direction and execution alone.  It may not be as polished as Portal 2 - but it's made by a much smaller team, and the artistic aspect of the game really knocks it out of the park.  If you like surrealism - this is for you.  Dive in, and get lost in another world.8/10 highly recommended."
76561198242963120,Recommended,296070,18246485,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,leosimonjames,Amazing game! stunning visuals and soundtrack :)
,Recommended,296070,16083840,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,[LLE] Irosh,"No comments, just play it."
,Not Recommended,296070,15113204,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,OsamaBinLolling,"If your looking for something MYST like,  this is not it. There is no logic to this game at all.  you aimlessly wander around in a fuzzy dream world trying to move from one place to the other. no puzzles. don't waste your money!"
76561198023274471,Not Recommended,296070,23987154,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Gahd,"First VR game to make me motion sick...  That aside, not sure what the game really has to offer.  I started off in a street apparently yelling at someone I never saw, telling them to stay inside.  Clearly they were, since I never once saw or heard anyone, but I apparently felt the need to keep yelling that out every few seconds.  I played for maybe another 5 minutes before the movement methods started making me feel nauseous, but I am honestly not sure how much gameplay is involved here as it really just felt like ""walk down this path and stick your hand into some glowing area to hear the next bit of dialogue."""
76561198066140314,Not Recommended,296070,24669763,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Mjukfot,"I really do enjoy 3D puzzle games, and personally I found it fun that there was no tutorial or tutorial like missions. However trying to figure out the mechanics in this acid trip world was just about the only thing I enjoyed. The graphics are clumsy hard to run, it might look good on a better computer, but this rig has been able to run way prettier graphics than this managed to show me. I also suspect that if the framerate gets to low it introduces near game breaking bugs like the inability to hold on to things.The puzzles are not bad, but they are meaningless. There is not even an attempt to justify as to why they have to be solved. They are also fairly easy, as said, figuring out the rules are the only challenge, and not really a good one at that. The game is short, I spent a little more than four hours, and I bet there is an hour worth of glitches in there.But allright, a short, cheap, unchallenging game can keep you entertained for a few hours, but no, it doesn't. There really isn't a story in there, just some fragments floating around in the mind of a comatosed patient and that is the ""thoughtproviking mystery""."
,Not Recommended,296070,18920272,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Desdinova,"Some of the worst narration, with a dismal voice over artist, and puzzles that range from simplistic, to frustrating (due to poor controls), marrs an otherwise gorgeous world. I wish I could have played it through just for the visuals, but the constant whiny narration, and poor character interaction, ruined the experience for me.I decided to watch a play-through on YouTube, so I could appreachiate the graphics, but the constant droning, pretentious, narriation ruined even that experience.This game would have benifited from more play testing, QA, and editorial oversight."
,Not Recommended,296070,20577230,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,ohmsrulz,This game is just frustrating to play. What's up with the narrow white road that only appears as you walk? Then I get into a courtyard where I apparantly can't do anything. I get back on the path and encounter worlds with hidden paths and mirrors but it really is not apparant what I'm supposed to do with these. Maybe I click this stuff and figure out what to do but it would have been just dumb luck. Can you say walking simulator? I don't want to walk for 100 hours just to get 1 hour of some non-thinking puzzle. UGH!
76561197996134689,Not Recommended,296070,31135228,Posted: 14 April,all,lanthanna,"Beautiful game. The concept is cool but the story feels undone, or I don't understand what's going on. The ""puzzels"" where  you needed to find invisible stairs was kinda lame, but I loved the ""Stomping elephant feet"" part. I bought it on sale, would not recommend for full price."
,Not Recommended,296070,30946719,Posted: 4 April,all,SpeedTumor,Looking at pictures of this game was better than playing. It doesnt feel like a finished game but rather some early concepts that you can explore with a semi interactive camera tool.
76561197995099615,Not Recommended,296070,30663305,Posted: 21 March,all,synthprax,"OK. I'm only like 1 hour into the game, aaannnnddd... sense is not being made. I walked into a tunnel with water and got stuck. Literally, I fell into some kind of hole half way between two levels of the tunnel and couldn't get out. So I went to the menu to see if I could restart that section/chapter, but I selected a chapter I hadn't seen yet/before. I was under water(?) but couldn't move or anything so I started mashing all the keys on the keyboard and ...stuff happened. Gonna see if I can completely start over tomorrow and see where that gets me. Oh. I already earned achievements; for what I have no idea.Gonna give this a thumbs up only because I have to give it something and I'm not far enough along to definitively dislike it.PS. I bought the game because of the music in the trailer.-----UPDATE-----So, I finished the game. More or less. I think I might have skipped some of it, but I can't tell because of the interface issues. I don't recommend this game for the following reasons:1. It makes less than no sense. No rhyme. No reason. Although the puzzles are interesting and many are challenging, apparently you don't have to complete them. Like, any of them.2.  There's no reason for the game not to launch in fullscreen mode. I had to find a discussion thread to find out how (Alt+Enter).3. You can't tell what ""Chapter"" you are in at any given time. If you pause the game (bring up the menu), I saw no indication of my current progress/position in the narative. Pressing ""PLAY"" returns you to the beginning of the chapter you are in.4. There's no cursor/reticle so you're just guessing if you have a tumbleweed within your grasp or not, and the tumbleweeds are the *only* thing you can interact with in the game.5. They introduce game mechanics in a bad way. I skipped one chapter because I couldn't figure out the puzzle's mechanics or what to do, but in a later(?) chapter the mechanic became obvious.6. The subtitles are too freaking small, out of sync, and sometimes jumbled and unreadable.7. I spent at least a quarter (if not a third) of my time in the game staring at a blank screen wondering if the game had crashed.8. I encountered very little music. Although, I must say I actually bought the game because of the music in the trailer, and when/where that music appears in the game I found very affecting.After a few hours it became obvious I was traipsing through some shmuck's inner psychological problems. Personally, I found that irritating. But that's just me. So I don't hold it against the game. What I do hold against the game is that I just didn't care about anything. I had no motivation to complete any puzzle, and completing a puzzle didn't give any reward I could discern.I bought the game at 75% off for $2.24. Essentially I bought it for that one piece of music. Don't buy this game if you're looking for some kind of story to motivate you and tie everything together. There isn't some great revelation at the end where ""everything suddenly makes sense.""Interesting puzles/mechanics. Poor execution. 1 awesome song."
76561198077764768,Not Recommended,296070,29731342,Posted: 5 February,all,STM_User2,"Sadly, very sadly, I cannot recommend this game. It's buggy and playing with Vive and its motion controllers -this is the way I've done- becomes a nightmare: problems with falling off the wooden  bridge pannels on one level, problems with invisible colliders that doesn't allow you to move freely on another, and such.But even not playing in VR, there are situations in which you can get into deadlocks, impossible to finish the level. It has happened to me two or three times (for instance: a ball was respawned if I failed some puzzle, but after a few tryings, it won't be respawned anymore; or because of certain balls are only active if you're at night, you can do something on the level to become this kind of balls unreachable).And I've been able to see the end of the game due to you can select the chapter you wanna play on the Main Menu, because on some of the last levels ('Lone Hospital', 'Hallowed Sands') the end of the level and loading of the next one is not triggered; at least, if you play at room-scale with Vive.Without any of these flaws, it would be an OK game; but it's been too much. At least, I can play (as I saw at the forums, many people weren't even able to do so).In conclussion: a ""sadly, very sadly"" mess. One of those games that you'd really wanted to like, but... too much flaws."
,Not Recommended,296070,30760620,Posted: 26 March,all,Ryder17z \ Hexile «Foxy»,"ESC key not respected, i find this unacceptibleALT-F4 rarely works.Invisble paths are just annoying."
76561197970500468,Not Recommended,296070,23075940,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,BallsOsteel,"I am not one who normally writes a review. However, I just wanted to warn others. If you want a game that has simple puzzles and stunning scenery. This game is for you. If you walked into this thinking it could be another Myst... Run away dont look back.30 minutes of gameplay and the story is like alan wake with a hint of Max Pain."
76561197991756070,Not Recommended,296070,17985083,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Jordy,"No, just no!Visuals are great, but that's all there is to this 'game'.Most of the time you're just walking around, without knowing exactly what you're doing and where you're going. In various maps, you'll have to walk your way through fog and just get lucky finding the needed ball(s).And those balls are an-noy-ing!!! Everytime you have one in your hands and run into a speck of dust, it will be dropped. Not to mention how they're blocking the view...The teleport systems often make you wonder where you're going.I've been able to 'play' this up to chapter 4.5 in various sittings, but now I'm giving up. Just walking aimlessly around without purpose in non-progressing 'puzzles'.There seems to be a story too. Well, at least somebody is talking just every now and then. More then than now though.Progression is so slow that you're almost falling asleep.DREADFUL :("
,Not Recommended,296070,24744290,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,GreiBush,"The graphics are unimpressive, at least at the beginning.  The sound does not work at all.  The controls are odd, but not bad.  Overall, I have to say the bugs in the game make it unplayable, which is too bad, because it looks like it has potential."
,Not Recommended,296070,25159155,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Obi-Fran Kenobi,"Not a masterpiece.The story starts cool but annoys very soon, and it's not the best of the puzzle games."
76561198025129395,Not Recommended,296070,24959758,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Eagleshadow,"Leaving negative feedback on account of no supersampling support for Vive. It doesn't even seem to be using the default VR resolution multiplier of 1.4, which makes this game look significanlty blurrier than any of the other Vive games. And for those who are used to playing at higher supersampling multipliers, amount of blurrines here will likely make this game unplayable. Supersampling is not even a feature, it's just disabled here for no reason. Dev isn't listening to the community, as complaints about this have been steadily coming since the VR release. Everyone was hoping for a quick update that fixes it, but dev has just been staying silent and ignoring the issue for many months now, hence negative feedback. Picking the game back up and changing feedback to positive as soon as dev enables supersampling."
76561198045356802,Not Recommended,296070,24640261,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,ElCodeMonkey,"Too much porting around for no known reason. I find myself flipping mirrors for some kind of puzzle but having no understanding why. Things are disjointed, no sense of reason or story. Some floors I Just fall through (mechanic of the game or bug?). In the end, just tired of porting around aimlessly hoping to find something to do or solve."
,Not Recommended,296070,24451151,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Tempest,"I couldn't get into it in the current state.  Nothing against the developer or the game, it is beautiful, but the teleportation I don't like, and the movement by the trackpad I don't like either.  I hope it works with the Virtuix when that comes out...should it, I will probably love it."
,Not Recommended,296070,22747629,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Duncan Hunter,"It has it's moments. I wouldn't play it without VR though, so that's not a good sign."
,Not Recommended,296070,19027514,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,コーヒー,"Laggy, indirect plot, buggy... should at least be an early-access game. Not worth the original asking price."
,Not Recommended,296070,21085131,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,pSyKelele     λ,The Game is not fun and sad music doesn't make the story any better.
76561198202428768,Recommended,296070,32358912,Posted: 11 June,all,deutschlandger,great game with excellent ambiance and music.
,Recommended,296070,18893334,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,shubniggurath1890,♥♥♥♥ing excellent game!!!
76561198101059765,Not Recommended,296070,13492245,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Brando Scrando,"Really dissapointed in this game... Don't get it.This ...thing... attempts to make a poetic, dream-like, adventure and puzzle game,but it really just seems like all the work went into the writing of the script and audio.Some of the visuals are nice, but the gameplay/puzzles (if you can even call them that)are repetitive, stupid, and overall lame. There are times where some events seemedlike things would pick up, but they never do.Conclusion:You get to listen to a weird poem :| sorry not sorry."
76561198007568414,Not Recommended,296070,13028578,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,smurph,"Had to leave a review because based on whats here you'd think this game is great (I did) and waste your money.It is an utterly beutiful game.  The art and music really work and if I could play through the game with just that it would be a great experience. The mechanics are fun as well though the puzzles can get a bit tedious.BUT, the voice acting and script are awful.  after the first 10 min. I was just playing it muted.  I think it was meant to be deep but it comes off like a whiny teenager reciting cringeworthy prose.  DO NOT BUY IF NOT ON SALE, but perhaps follow the creator to see if his next piece comes off better."
76561198039442938,Not Recommended,296070,17687901,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,John Doe,"Absolutely beautiful, twice more beautiful than Ether one or Dream.But games are not about graphic, though this game gives us some puzzle, but that puzzle is sometimes buggy.I can't progress because something needed to solve puzzle just disappeared.Not a good 'game', and once it crashed my window."
,Not Recommended,296070,19074365,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Zed Clampet,"Had high hopes for this, and it really is a beautiful game, but all of the puzzles are simple trial and error puzzles requiring no thought whatsoever. Stopped playing so I could request a refund."
76561198138389915,Not Recommended,296070,28727810,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,LoLcY,"did not like it. (almost) the whole gameplay is linear, you either solve it or get stuck. not as if there was much to do or interact with. its more like about you watching a father crying about his daughter and visions draw up and sink away.played except ""haloween"" part"
76561197969819787,Recommended,296070,22918077,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Amik,"The graphics are not the best, however good enough for being worth the money (HTC Vive needed to enjoy it)"
,Recommended,296070,14585342,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,rogermorse@tablet,"This game was never detected by my radar. It popped up among the suggestions some day, after I played Ether One.The game is in fact a little bit in the same style of Ether One. It involves puzzles, that may actually look a bit dumb at the beginning, but they are quite cool throughout the game.The unreal engine is perfectly used in this game, both graphically and for the level design part. The game is very artistic and mostly immersive, with up and downs.The major flaw is the narration and voice acting. The game does not combine much of the gameplay with the narration, and the narrator voice is just too quiet compared to the ambient sounds (you can't adjust them), and the acting is IMHO very poor. I would have rather read the story written on the level's walls (a bit like Dear Esther), than hearing it from that annoying voice.Some moments will leave you with your jaw dropped, but some others (eg while the guy speaks) will make you want to close the game.Game is very short so if you are one of those that relate price and gameplay hours, know that the game won't ever last more than 5 hours (I got all the trophies and played most chapters twice).75/100"
,Recommended,296070,25996109,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Threskiornis moluccus,too many puzzles for a true walking simulator imho
,Recommended,296070,12439142,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,ender 林,Beautiful.
,Not Recommended,296070,13340779,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,StillElectric,"5 years from now a hipster will ask you on a date. They have a few pieces at an art gallery event. You say sure, that sounds like fun. After walking down wide white hallways with hanging paintings and finished floors you get to an Oculus Rift. ""Try it!"" they insist.You put it on. You walk around this linear path for awhile. Some things happen that seems exciting, then you're stuck. A narrator takes over and you're just walking forward. It's the interlude of a game when your character is dreaming or drugged that you have to get through before you get to the main game. Except this is the main game. You don't need explosions and guns to entertain you, and you certainly don't need a tutorial to hit you over the head, but this world seems pointless and empty. You keep walking around in the virtual world so as to not disappoint your date. After enough ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tting, you take off the headset.""So? What'd ya think? Pretty cool, RIGHT?"" they say all proud of themselves.""It was. Interesting,"" you say.You indugle in the wine at the gallery to try to make the best of your time while your artist date drones on and on about the state of art today with other artists and connoisseurs. You're drunk and bored so you just stare at the enormous  statue in the middle of the room that you swear looks like a woman ♥♥♥♥ing a dog, yet everyone insists is abstract art. You say goodnight and don't ♥♥♥♥ them because you don't want to have to sit through another date with that person."
76561198025191112,Not Recommended,296070,30733134,Posted: 25 March,all,endi,"I cant go through the first fence, I cant jump or something. Unistalled."
76561198030291232,Not Recommended,296070,12811950,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,shaLL_,"Unless you pick this game up for 5 bucks don't buy it.It is very beutiful and interesting to look at graphically, and some of the puzzle are interesting and elaborate. But for the most part, they are bland, and simple. It is a short game at about 5 hours first time through.What was turning out to be a very thoughtful climax, becomes a rushed nightmare. Over done and a little abused."
,Not Recommended,296070,31890818,Posted: 21 May,all,strangelove,"♥♥♥♥ your ball physics.  Not only is it jittery and jumpy while I hold it, it randomly leaves my control, often falling off the world and resetting the puzzle.  ♥♥♥♥ this game.  Waste of money.  Voice acting sucks."
,Not Recommended,296070,14219316,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Uncertain,Worst game I have been forced to sit through for a long time. Torture.
,Not Recommended,296070,13586326,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,GB.FlyveHest,"Disclaimer! I haven't completed the game, as, quite simply, I got too bored playing it, to continue.But, based on the about hour and a half I have played, I can't recommend it, the game, or, experience, as I don't think there's much game here to be had, is tedious and long-winded, with no real sense of accomplishment or narrative.Calling this a puzzle game is quite a stretch, as the ""puzzles"" I have played up until I put the game down consisted almost entirely of ""search level for item"", ""search level for place to put said item"", rinse and repeat, coming hot off The Talos Principle, a true puzzle game, this one underwhelms catastrophically.The story is delivered by voice, but they should just have kept it to the on-screen text, as the narrator sounds both bored and completely unengaged, leading to the voiceover being annoying, more than pulling you in.About the only positive thing I can say is that the game is very pretty, great use of different weather to create moods in the levels.Also, I should probably mention that I really like Dear Esther, which clearly have been an inspiration for this game, so its not that the genre doesn't appeal to me."
76561198116607596,Not Recommended,296070,18921691,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,rickconn,This was a facinating game but is much worse after the upgrade. The interface is no longer working properly.
76561198046996228,Not Recommended,296070,24016311,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Ravarion,I thought I was special.I thought I couldn't feel ill from VR.This game proved me wrong.Thanks for that.
76561197974322974,Not Recommended,296070,24115355,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Smittan SWE,"A pussle game, some nice graphics but movement in game is not the best out there...But this game is the first one that made me kind a motion sick, maybe when moving without teleportation mainly."
,Not Recommended,296070,17558194,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,MegaFun,"If you liked the trailer, try to watch it 30 times in raw. That what this game is: walking around the same place 30 times without any reason. Graphics are great, everything else is not. Seriously, trailer is better than the game!"
,Not Recommended,296070,23055135,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,það bergmálar þegar ég anda,"Game not working after last update, no solution or help from developer.Waste of money."
76561198073983195,Not Recommended,296070,16457934,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Metalnut,"I was looking forward to this game. I like puzzle games and I like laid-back ""walking simulators"", so this seemed perfect. At first it was, beautiful visuals, soothing music, a very relaxing experience. The puzzles kept increasing in difficulty and it was a lot of fun to solve and progress the story.Then I came to the ice level where I had to escape being stomped by a titan? Are you kidding me?!I tried about 10 times and gave up. This stupid, stressful and dexterity-based challenge does NOT belong in an otherwise relaxing game. It ruined the entire experience.If you're looking for a relaxing and fulfilling game, this is not it."
,Not Recommended,296070,33027522,Posted: 30 June,all,ruefrost,"Trust the user review ratings. This game isn't worth it.- If you don't like walking simulators you'll hate it- If you do like walking simulators you'll think it's lazy and irritating- If after all that you actually like this game, then there are several other titles you will definitely enjoy moreThis falls into the category of yet another title that tries to pass off a series of abstract pretty pictures as cerebral commentary when in reality there's nothing there."
,Not Recommended,296070,13347372,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,lesderid,"This is a very, very pretty walking simulator with some puzzle elements and no save option. Some aspects of it are pretty great, but it's also infuriating at times."
76561198084728675,Not Recommended,296070,17636927,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,photoshute,extremely boring game. each level you flip a bunch of mirrors to project light beams like you do inPortal. I deleted the game after 3 levels. thank god it was onsale when i bought it.
,Not Recommended,296070,33301906,Posted: 5 July,all,skepa,This game has beautiful visuals although the puzzles are majorly lacking.
76561198064623007,Not Recommended,296070,24007329,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,FeaR_TH3_Reap3R,An absolute broken game in VR. Possible to fall through scenery which prevents progress. Already asked steam for a refund.
,Not Recommended,296070,11567283,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Nourishment M.O.T.,"(Update!) While I have to credit these fellas for making changes and listening to us, I am still unable to sell this to you. YET, FOLLOW THESE BOYS! THEY HAVE LEARNED FROM THEIR MISTAKES AND NEED SOME SUPPORT! Unlike most developers out there, once they are wrong they give up! This is not the case here and to be honest... I want to give it a thumbs up, but I paid for the original release and that is what the following review is based upon. Enjoy, your life.Now before we get started, I know a lot of you here are going to buy this regardless of what I write and while you shell out your cash, you will probably be thinking that I just don't get it. That is not at all correct, I spend most of my time on puzzle and/or story driven games. This is a product aimed at those of us that love surrealism and storytelling, but don't let that be the only reason you want to spend hard earned cash on it. I for one love anything that gets me thinking or asking questions. Sadly, this game had me asking all the wrong questions and came across as an ego trip.I don't want to be only negative, so I will point out that this game is not hard on the eyes when the screen is not tearing from time to time. Also, the music when playing is decent, it just always seems to fade away or get cut off before being allowed to really go anywhere amazing. Now let me get to why I am not able to recommend this product. It has a lot to do with the poor writing being about as good as the voice acting and the game design making you wonder, 'was that a bug?' For example, in the prologue I came to a point where the puzzle had me wondering, was that even suppose to happen? I do understand this was intended to be a cool little illusion type puzzle, but it seems sloppy and lazy.For some reason, the game makers think having you use reflections to find your way is fun. Followed by some trial and error puzzles that involve placing things in the right areas, that quickly become more of a chore than entertainment. By now you might be thinking, 'If I smoke some bud it has to be cool, right?' WRONG! If anything, you are going to find yourself cheesed out by the terrible writing that has such a hard on for itself.The screen tearing really is ugly when it does happen, it's not a lot but it does like to pop up; just could have been avoided all together. There is too much walking from one point to the next making any back~tracking that much more painful. The bad design has the game come across as rushed and broken when really these choices are on purpose in order to throw you off.The story is pretencious, with the main character going on and on about himself. The amount of times I heard the players character mention his daughters name in the first few minutes became annoying and way over written. It seems as if the developers made this in a bedroom, while the voice actor sounds as if he just wants to go home. I would be more kind if this game was not so full of pretentious bull$hit. The writer seems to be patting himself on the back the entire game, forcing words into the script out of nowhere as if he just learned them and wants to show off.The worlds seem forced, as if trying to be strange instead of mind~blowing or awe~inspiring. We have seen this all before and I don't see why there is any reason to choose this over some of the other 3D puzzle games on the market. I came across a lot of invisible walls, something I thought no longer existed in games these days. After awhile I just stopped trying to explore the worlds, since I was always stopped, keeping me stuck walking across fields knowing that it looks open, but is really linear.I understand this is suppose to be art and that I should have an open mind, (which I do) yet if that is how you want to look at it, then the art here is far too self indulged, closing your mind and making you see what the developers want you to see. The price is not so steep that I feel robbed completely, still I did pay enough to where I am let down by the product.If it was written better and the voice actor for the main character was not so off, I could put up with the level design and other problems. Everytime I hear the main voice actor speak about his daughter, all I can think to myself is how he does not sound at all like a strom chaser/father, and instead a game developer who really wants you to admire his work. It also comes across as if he is reading his lines right off a piece of paper for the first time.I really hate to give this a thumbs down since it could have been something, yet there are other games out there better than this. If you really must play something new and have yet to enjoy, A Story About My Uncle, then try that first. It is far better than this on all levels and if you need more surreal worlds and 3D puzzles, then maybe this is for you, just get ready for a character that loves to hear his own voice. I'll end this review with a quote from the game.""All this sounds pretty cheesy and lame, I'm sure. And it is."""
76561198069032728,Recommended,296070,12457487,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,The Back Seat,"""A MIND-♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!"""
76561198095073192,Not Recommended,296070,33207000,Posted: 3 July,all,*****pin,"Rubbish, dont buy even if they give it away get compleatly lost disorentated reset,reset,reset what is the point, they must be on somethng who bult this if youre students learnng ok but get it right before you release please guys"
76561198041164811,Not Recommended,296070,11708899,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Charismagicka,"I could do without the ""story"". In fact there were times I muted it so I wouldn't have to hear the guy talk about the weather and his dead sister. The puzzles were fun, but the guy talking my ear off ruined it for me."
,Not Recommended,296070,24376852,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,travelingdaz,not sure if i just played this or somebody slipped me some Acid?its an overpriced attempt at Arty Farty Drivel...and it still fails as Drivel....
,Not Recommended,296070,11991692,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Mr. Lancelot,2/5 Would not buy again
76561198028723255,Not Recommended,296070,24287619,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Pinkeeee,Meh
,Not Recommended,296070,11620755,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,AstroStasis,"The Checkpoint/Save System in this game is broken, found myself needing a way to reset a puzzle section and instead when i go back to the chapter selection the only one that was available was one that was about an 1hr before the puzzle that i was stuck on. Pretty dissapointing and will probably not pick it back up."
76561197960347736,Not Recommended,296070,11645599,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,MolotoK,"This isNOTa puzzle game! This has more in common with Dear Esther than any puzzle game.While there are a few inventive puzzles in the game you spend the vast majority of your time walking through the environment listening to story exposition or even worse walking through the environment listening to nothing at all.The few puzzles in the game are barely integrated into the story. While they are inventive and well designed they are needlessly drawn out by the incredibly slow walking speed that makes it a chore to solve them. You'll be spending what feels like minutes at a time doing little more than holding down the W key.No game ever needed a sprint key this much.There are far better puzzle games out there that tell better stories and get the balance between story and puzzle right:Quantum Conundrum, Papo & Yo and Portal 2 for starters."
,Not Recommended,296070,26074404,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,flyermark,Crap.
,Not Recommended,296070,11570710,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Tony Pajamas,"walking simulator trying too hard to be art. If you like Dear Esther, this is for you."
,Not Recommended,296070,12559095,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Orici,No tutorial in the beginning. no cloue as to where to go and what to do
,Recommended,296070,19087282,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Tympanista,"This game isveryshort. I think I spent about an hour looking at the scenery, so it took me about 3 hours to get through the game. It's a very ethereal experience though and completing a puzzle feels rewarding.I normally don't like to play through games I've already completed but I'm looking forward to doing that with this game once the experience fades away. Since it's so dang short but like being inside a dreamy photograph, there's not much to get in the way of just sitting back and exploring the scenery again.One con is that you'll need a decent PC to get the full experience since lowering the quality slightly to get more FPS kind of ruins the visuals. Also, low frame rates will kill your ability to run forward with the tumbleweeds for some reason--another trade off for running the game on higher settings with a not-so-great computer."
,Recommended,296070,19026238,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,McLovin 69,"Absolutely amazing and definitely worth the money! I really love these amazing puzzles, dear dev. What I thought were glitches within the game were actually very clever complex puzzles that just left me amazed. It's not the greatest indie out there but this one is certainly one of the best that I've played. Oh, did I forget to mention the game looks visually stunning? It's beautiful!"
,Recommended,296070,13798885,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Traumbefeuchter,"I liked the game, but hated the story. The narrative theme feels like it was MAYBE too mature/complex for the writers and the voice actor. btw: I hated that voice actor. Beeing taunted for 10 minutes by someone who sounds like a teenager/young adult was just too much for me. And i didn´t believe a word of his ""i had good times with my daughter"" lines. While some levels are closely designed around the narrative, others feel like ""unreal engine experiments"".Puzzles are rewarding/fair, graphics are nice and immerse(I love the ""night"" and the rain sounds), pacing is fine, controls are great. Check it out!"
76561198020539658,Recommended,296070,13674033,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Shinigami9000,4 words I LOVE THIS GAMEI like the overal concept of the game and even though at some points of the game is was stuck it gave me time to look around at how beutifull the game was with all its surroundings and elements.The Graphics where Amazing everything looked buetifull to look at.I almost never write a revieuw for a game but this is the first one i can say that i really liked it and i recommend my fellow gamers to try it out.(btw Sorry for bad English :P )
76561198076294350,Recommended,296070,14616690,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,gghani,"Haven't completed this game yet, but I can say already that it's a must-have for every puzzle-FPS lover. An indie humble game made by a one-man team, I mean, don't expect a huge game with lots of innovative features. So far, the game showed me it was made with both, love and great care, It also challenges players to explore and figure out how to solve puzzles set in a stunning 3D environment."
,Recommended,296070,13873374,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Audeez,"As a game and an interactive experience, Mind: Path to Thalamus succeeds in being one of the more successful attempts to bring logical puzzle play to a surreal environment. As a metaphorical narrative, it leaves something to be desired.The game play of Mind is simple, in order to proceed you have to bring these blue tumbleweed things to various locations in order to manipulate the environmental aspects of day/night, weather, and time in order to unlock the path forward. Utilizing a gradual learning curve that still offers a challenge, Mind starts you off with one element at a time - for instance: teaching you that sometimes an object you need may be visible only at night and then having you figure out how to acquire this object without sacrificing some other aspect of your progression - before introducing multiple elements at once By the end of the game you're very much thinking 4th dimensionally about things, but even the head-scratchingest of puzzles were logical in the end. Even at my most frustrated, I never thought ""that's a stupid solution"" and instead was more apt to berate myself for not having noticed it sooner.More than just eye candy. Mind utilizes its surreal environments to full effect, with puzzles involving everything from reflections to portals, and gravity. Sadly however the story seems virtually divorced from the game play aside from the its heavy handed ending levels. Unlike Papo & Yo (another surreal adventure puzzler) Mind says too much too often and relies too much on narration and all-too-obvious symbols to achieve its metaphor. The gameplay could easily be read as part of the main character's coma-induced journey, but it rarely relates directly to the subjects and experiences the narrator talks about. Add to this the fairly amateur voice acting and VERY uneven dialogue volume (with no option to adjust) and Mind's narrative experience fell a little flat with me, feeling extraneous at best and pretentious at worst.Overall the game was an enjoyable experience however and for the environments and puzzles alone is worth checking out. There are some interesting ideas at work here that I felt justified my time spent with the game."
76561198067292767,Recommended,296070,14442588,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,tanis0,"Mind: Path to Thalamus is visually stunning and worth playing for that reason alone. However, some of the puzzles are tedious such as searching a large area when you can only see about 3 feet in front of you and others are frustrating, such as slowly moving while trying to dodge objects from the sky only to get repeatedly crushed. Also, the story isn't great and the voice acting is worse. The game appears to have been deeloped by a Spanish game studio so presumably this is a translated version, but it feels like someone's buddy volunteered to do the voice -- it just doesn't match the professional value of the visuals. Still, it is one of the prettiest looking games I've played in some time."
,Recommended,296070,14428210,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Locksheon,"I'm not going to pretend I fully understand the story or it's resolution, however, the game is absolutely, breathtakingly beautiful.   It reminded me a lot of Myst / Riven,  but with full control over your character.The game is basically a journey through a man's mind.  I believe he and his father were former 'storm chasers'.  Tragedy strikes, leaving a list of hurt, regret, and confusion.    Throughout the levels, you seem to be 'repairing' damaged parts of his memories and/or neural pathways.  You are treated to dialogue along the way that explains this history of the protagonist, but toward the end, things get really confusing, and I wasn't able to fully understand the finale.  The voice acting is ok, but at times it comes off a little cheesy.All-in-all, I would totally recommend this game to anyone who loves puzzle games such as Myst.   I paid 7 dollars for the game, and felt it was just the right amount since I was able to  beat the entire game in about 4-5 hours.Go to my profile and check out my screenshots of the game!"
76561198105355539,Recommended,296070,14552664,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,austin.mckenzie,"Epic, Entertaining, Enjoyable:It helps to have a video card. That said, after I turned all the effects down to minimum standards, the game operated quite smoothly with only moderate drops in frame rate.Also while carrying the blue tumbleweeds, you will occassionally have to hold a tumbleweed up above your head while you walk forward with it to avoid tripping over said tumbleweed and have it roll away on you. Picking up and manipulating the tumbleweeds is a core gameplay mechanic and I just wished the developers had smoothed it out a bit more. The game is well designed but just gets choppy every once in a while. It is also helpful to remember that this game was crafted by just a handful of dudes.Overall, the flow of gameplay was very organic and the environments were forgiving enough to allow the player to get creative in their problem solving. That is not to say that there are multiple solutions to puzzles; I don't think there are, just that the game will frequently require you to think out of the box and understand how the blue tumbleweeds might interact with the level. Intuitive, logical and very fun to play."
,Recommended,296070,15708759,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Thovarin,"Mind: Path to Thalamus game has wormed its way into my mind. Its atmospheric, emotional impact is its strongest selling point for me. This physic's based puzzler had me hungry to complete it, which I did in a day. Be aware that this title was made by an indie studio, which is both obvious and an accomplishment. For the amount of developers involved, it shows a great deal of thought and foresight. It is clearly a labor of love for most involved, and I felt rewarded by that.If you're looking for blockbuster polish and explosive cinematics, this is probably not the game for you. If you love puzzlers; atmospheric, surreal environments; and you are used to playing indie titles, this is right up your alley, and I couldn't recommend it more. I don't know if I'll ever replay it strictly for the gameplay, since the solutions are obvious and easily achievable once you know the answer, but the feels and sensations that this game offer make it well worth a revisit. Also, the credits hint at the story of how and why this game was made, so sit through them if you enjoyed your experience. It definitely adds to the tale told.Well done, Carlos Coronado et al. I look forward to your next release and hope it is as gratifying as Mind: Path to Thalamus!"
76561198057831019,Recommended,296070,13607362,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,ImaGenius40,"Alright, IMO this is a great game, and it blew my expectations out of the water. Its one of the most gorgeous games I've ever played, with breathtaking atmosphere. The puzzles in this game are nothing special, but a couple of them really make you think good and hard when it comes to solving them. The soundtrack is great, the voice acting in the narrative is fine, and the story is really nice and touching, with a lot of meaning behind it. I recommend to anyone whose interests are peaked when it comes to games like this. You won't regret buying it or your money back! (Not really, Steam doesn't do refunds.)"
76561198016113148,Recommended,296070,13810836,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Pyralis,one of the most wonderfull and mistery games
76561198014179514,Recommended,296070,13934435,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Seriatum,"Easily one of the most beautiful and interesting games I have ever played. The graphics are stunning and have been crafted with great care and attention to detail. The puzzles are satisfying and the game is a decent length (my playtime is not indicative of game length as I played most of it in offline mode). The game does have its flaws - the writing is poor and the voice acting is awful. Ignore the story and play for the atmosphere and puzzles, I still wholeheartedly recommend this despite these flaws."
,Recommended,296070,13950864,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,RamRod,great puzzles... lots of levels.. just what I was looking for. I just finished the game and I am highly satisfied !! <3
,Recommended,296070,13853738,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Slowhand,"I think this game is outstanding. Not just in its visuals, which clearly speak for themselves, but in the clever way that the themes of the story play themselves out.I will agree, it can be slow, but I never really minded as it gave the opportunity to really admire the environment.I think many of the puzzles had some very creative elements to them, and some were trial and error until you saw the pattern that was necessary. All great factors to a puzzle game.All in all, quite loved this game. It wasn't particularly long, but it really was a great experience."
,Recommended,296070,15843240,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Robert,I like it but I like other games that do this more.
76561198115701400,Recommended,296070,15907066,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,mokifinoki,"Just finished playing this with very little help from any guides or youtube.  I've seen the complaints about the story and narration, but it really didn't bother me.  There wasn't a lot of it and I never care much about the story anyway.  Sometimes I think this type of 'game' just doesn't need a narrated story.  The scenes, types of challenges in each level and sound can usually tell me what I need to know.  I love this kind of game.  I really liked this game because of the incredible graphics, really smart yet logical puzzles, and some very imaginative concepts.  Good job and I definitely recommend!"
76561197985705536,Recommended,296070,14565264,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Eidolon,"Beautiful scenery and enchanting environments make this puzzle solving experience on par with the Portal series in its own right.  What it lacks in story and humor it makes up for with atmosphere and wonder.  The puzzles weren't too complex - with some dedication and careful thinking one could eventually proceed to the next puzzle without becoming too flustered.The story was hard to follow, mostly because I didn't realize someone was talking until about halfway through the game - the voice audio by default was extremely low, and all other audio extremely high.  So I attempted to check the in game menu and start menu, but neither of these have options for audio at all - but they do offer an option for subtitles.  But honestly there is no point in the story being there.  From what I could understand it was rather cliche and the voice acting was in need of improvement.  But you could have just told me I was in a fantasy world and had to solve puzzles with absolutley no purpose and I would have been happy.I hope they make a sequel and leave out a story."
76561198112600914,Recommended,296070,14572009,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,⛲άΏɖⲨ⛅,"An entertaining enough puzzle game. The over layered story didn't cause too much distraction until the last level...where at it just goes bonkers on top of more bonkers script...quite the cheezy ending in gameplay too. I enjoyed all the puzzles & levels other than the last. The 'Big Boss' vibe here was so out of character with everything that had gone before, odd. So yeah, enjoyed 'Path to Thalamus'.... & even the last level/ending leaves a big entertaining 'what the' ??!! impression afterwards... :-) ...so even that entertained in it's own way.... :-)"
,Recommended,296070,15482260,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,twik900,"The best game I have ever played.Gorgeous, smart, challenging and touching."
,Recommended,296070,14943048,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Zim,"The environments you will be teleported to while exploring the mind of the protagonist are BEAUTIFUL. There could have been longer and more challenging puzzles but dont let that turn you off, there were enough to leave me satisfied. Great Game."
,Recommended,296070,15251195,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,.Polaris,"The story is quite confusing, the intentions of your character not very clear, and the voice acting is, to be honest, not that convincing.But when the narrator isn't talking? Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is breath-taking. The visuals are absolutely STUNNING and the soundtrack is simply the best video game soundtrack I have ever listened to. The BEST. I could've stayed forever listening to the main theme while gazing at the skies. It really is very easy to lose yourself in those grand, soothing and colourful sceneries.The puzzles themselves are nice. Far from being difficult, they mostly involve a lot of walking which gives you the occasion to admire the landscapes, so it was perfectly fine to me. Their only flaw would be how little they relate to the overall story and are just an excuse to delay the storytelling.In the end, if you can put up with a failed try at a deep and cynical introspection of a tortured man, and want in on a game that will make your ears and retinas ♥♥♥♥♥♥, you can give a shot to Mind: Path to Thalamus, and you won't be disapointed."
,Recommended,296070,15237264,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,GrumpyTwig,"Portal and Myst had a lovechild, Mind."
,Recommended,296070,14695328,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,El Indyo,"+ Beautiful+ Original development of the story+ Music and sound effects perfectly fits the atmosphere+ Short enough not to be redundant or repetitive+ Great voice acting- Morbid death-centered background story- At first, hard to understand what affects the environment around you and how it works- Not to be played if you're already subject to depression, guilt and self-loathing"
,Recommended,296070,14732605,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Cody*,"one of the most beautiful looking indie games ive ever seen. Seriously this game is gorgeous. The puzzles can be frustrating sometimes but the story, beautiful music and amazing visuals make up for it."
,Recommended,296070,13505156,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Nite_Traveler,"It's amazing to me that a game so beautiful in its design and creative in its puzzles can be so deeply marred by the writing and voice acting. Earlier on in the game, I had dismissed the comments in reviews that detracted the voice acting, thinking ""it's not so bad"". But now, having finally finished the game, I understand. While I think the story itself is very interesting, the way it is told and not shown ruins the execution. The narration seems to assume that the player is not clever enough to understand what is going on unless it is painstakingly explained by way of pretentious voice-acting. At times, it even seems to be self-deprecating, as if aware of some of its own flaws. The ending is particularly guilty of this, which very nearly robs the player of any satisfaction to be found in the resolution of the story. In particular, the comments about the ""evil ball of death"" and the voice-swapping were sheer moments of face-palm for me. So despite the fact that I found this game incredible on several other levels, it left me on a sour note. Am I implying I could have done a better job with the writing? Absolutely not, and I have to stress that I commend the creators of this game for such an excellent story and concept. I just feel that the game would have nothing to lose and everything to gain by simply removing the narration entirely. Perhaps this could even be a settings option to just disable it. For bonus points, the game could ""show"" a bit more of the story along the way in place of telling it.Now that my complaints are out of the way, I can get on to writing about what an amazing game this is, on every other level. Based on the concept, design, and gameplay, it could have been the ideal game for me. I was overjoyed to find a game based on the intersection of the exploration of consciousness and psychology with fantastical landscapes and locations - something like that is right up my alley. And indeed, that's what this is, and it's executed wonderfully. Many of the level designs, art concepts and effects that you'll experience here are truly stunning, and I found this to be even more true as I approached the end. While the puzzle mechanics could have used a bit more diversity, the different ways they are combined in the more challenging puzzles keeps things fresh and enjoyably mind-bending. The gameplay is at its most satisfying when it nudges you to think in new ways in order to solve different types of puzzles. And the locations are perpetually screenshot-worthy, always vast and mysterious, a joy to explore. Each of these elements are incredibly well-executed and provide a unique experience.I spent about 5 hours here and would gladly enjoy another playthrough someday. I don't feel the flaws in the game come close to eclipsing the things it does well, so I can only click the recommend button, and hope you enjoy this game with appropriately adjusted expectations for the narration."
,Recommended,296070,13483991,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,fullnewb,"I dunno, in the end I think I expedted too much, but on the other hand it was quite fun to play, solving the puzzles. The graphics are ok. I was quite amazed by the changes of night / day in an instant as well as the weather effects. The skies have been awesome, too. The soundtrack was very decent. Most time all you hear are the sounds of the environment, music is quite rare, though it's very fitting. The gameplay was actually a little dense, sometimes i thought ""oh no, running around with that blue ball thing again"". Well, I didn't understand the story and I guess I will play it again to think about the game for a second time.I wand to recommend this game, but please be aware it's not made by any big game producer, so please don't expecd it to be on some high budget level. It's pretty awesome though.Oh, I want to add it took me about 5 hours to complete the game.Lol I just found the secret area. Very funny indeed."
76561198040654274,Recommended,296070,13501473,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Alex_Aitman,"The game stumbles at times... the dialog rarely lives up to the truly breathtaking visual design, and the truly clever and intellectually gratifying puzzles are occasionally interrupted by areas where it is not even vaguely clear what one should be trying to do.In the end though, this game really should not be missed.  It is not a perfect game, but it is composed of enough perfect moments that it will linger in your memory long after the credits have rolled."
76561198069735211,Recommended,296070,14784682,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,DaHotFuzz,"Mind: Path to Thalamus is a first-person, exploratation, puzzle game that focuses on changing weather and time to shape the environment around you.  The story, not so much engrossing, is interesting to a point.  Voice acting was more or less average.  Soundtrack was serene and elegantly composed.  What made this little gem worth playing through was the scenery and overall atmosphere.  Excellently done on the graphics, simple but beautiful all the same.  Puzzles range from fairly obvious to moderately difficult depending on your experience.My big peeve with the game is regarding one of the last levels.  I can't really explain it without spoiling anything, but you have to execute the puzzle a certain way or else you can't finish it.  I spent over an hour without making any progress because after I solved part of the puzzle, the level no longer let me change some of the weather.  It's also important to note that in this particular level, after having solved a portion of it, I could not reverse it.  I had to start over after watching a walkthrough.  Furthermore, this level from what I gathered was the ONLY one in the game where if you messed up, you had no choice but to start over.  I understand and appreciate it when puzzle games don't take you by the hand and help you every step of the way but with this case, it was incredibly frustrating not knowing a mistake you made in the puzzle was irreversible.7/10"
76561198045606340,Recommended,296070,14301341,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Cortano,"Before I get to criticize this game let's first talk about what you get for the 13€, or whatever amount of whatever currency you pay for this title.The Steam description of the game reads that it is ""a First Person Puzzler that throws you into a fantastic and surreal environment"". Well, I can't argue with that this statement describes the game perfectly. The environment varies from an absolutely still watercovered plain of sand, over an autumn forrest, to a giant frozen ocean and while doing so, looks absolutely gorgeous. The graphics and the overall look of the game are, for it to be built on the Unreal Engine and for it to be an indie title, flawless. There are no edges or blank spots, no bitmap sky or background. If you are looking for beautiful titles Mind is the game to buy.But let us stop praisig Path to Thalamus for the one thing we know it does right.The Steam description furthermore claims, that you are able to ""bend the natural elements to your will in order to progress"". That is only partialy true. The description suggests that you are able to bend 6 different ""Elements"", the trailer however only mentions 5: Mist, Rain, Past, Day and Night. I say there are only 4, which are: Mist, Rain, the seasons (past and present) and the daytime (day and night). However the puzzles still are rich and unique for the elements are one by one added througout the game, playing together and making it more complicated to progress. To make it even harder the game does not give you any hints whatsoever exept the very basic movement controlls, so you actually have to figure out how everything works by yourself. The puzzles themselves are challenging though not unsolvable if being thought about long enough.Still there is one big flaw in the game which makes the gameplay far less enjoyable.I'm talking about the leveldesign. The levels are almost pompous, to big for them to feature puzzles. You have to walk for actual minutes to get to one point of the map to do something, then run back into the opposite direction to do somethig else, which is especially frustrating if what you are doing fails and you have to start over. However I can understand the choice for the dimensions. The levels needed to be big for the artistic effect to kick in, otherwise it would have either looked like a ton of hills, with all the elements cramped together in the middle, or it woud not have been big enough for the game to look this beautiful. I guess it's as they say: Beauty comes with a price.Let us now leave the surface behind us and get to the core of every good game: the story.Mind: Path to Thalamus only features one character, a father who was knocked into a coma by the events caused by a tornado of which he was trying to save his daughter from. The only way for him to wake up and set things right is for him (or for you) to get to the Thalamus, what in his mind manifests as a gigantic tree on the horizon. So while he travles through his own mind he learns about himself, the decisions he made, the way he repeated the mistakes his father did and the way to forgive oneself. The story is actually really well written and beautiful and it would have really touched me if it wasn't for one thing:The voice acting and narrating. I do not know if only I feel this way or if others share my opinion but I would not have picked Greg Nugent as the voice actor for this game. I don't suggest he does a bad job, quite the opposite actually. You can hear, that he puts his heart into it. His voice just does not fit the character and the more I played, the more I got anoyed with it. Furthermore there are technical flaws. Some of the words he says are poorly pronounced, the mic overrides or pops at some points which is not only distrubing the atmosphere, but is also unprofessionell. I do not claim, that I could do it any better and it should be noted again that Mind is an indie title, but to write a propper review I have to adress this point.Now for the last topic I would like to point out: the sound and music.One reason for me to buy Mind: Path to Thalamus was actually the Music as heard in the trailer. I thought that if they had such a fitting track picked for their advertisement, the music in game would have been just as good. And I was not disappointed. The soundeffects, the music, as well as the overall ambience was very satisfactory and including the voice acting, very well balanced. But there is one thing, that I thought negatively of, which is the fact that the developers did not implement a way to regulate the volume. Even though I think it was on purpose it is a fact, that the game on default is brutally loud, which actually makes for some mild jumpscares, when the character suddenly starts to talk.So now comes the difficult part: the rating.Graphics: Given the fact that the game is built on the Unreal Engine and given the budget this indie title probably recieved you could not ask for more [10/10]Gameplay: The Steam description of the game claims that the title has more than it actually features. Still, there was a lot of thought put into these puzzles and the gameplay is more than average though negatively effected through leveldesign [7/10]Leveldesign: Bumps the gameplay noticably but supports the artistic design of the game [4/10]Story: Enjoyable, solid storytelling and narrating but affected through bad voice acting and a bit bumpy at the end [7/10]Voice Acting: Under average acting with minor technical problems, though not totally effortless [3/10]Sound, music and ambiance: Brilliant music and ambiance with good soundeffects [9/10]Overall rating: Mind: Path to Thalamus is not a ""Must have played"" title. It is a good game and an exellent indie game. I recomend it to anyone who likes visually beautiful games with a nice story and does not mind a little bumpy voice acting or a bit running around. I cannot say it is worth the money you would spend for it, that depends on how much you earn, how much you can spare for games and on your personal taste in games. For me this game was definetely worth it[7/10]Thanks for reading, I hope it was helpful."
,Recommended,296070,19674019,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Gilgamesh2399,"Worth the US $5.00 I got it for on sale: YesHard Puzzles: I can't really say, I have gone throught the Myst series for anyone old enough to remember those. This game is no where near as hard as those. It took me an evening to beat the game and I wan't paying that much attention.Sum up the game in one word: relaxing.My only con is the audio: I would be trying to listen to the guy talk, but the ambent sound effects were much louder.Overall: If you want a good game with decient puzzles for an afternoon or two, this is a game for you. If you are looking for a big mystery, complicated puzzles or difficult moral choices, look elsewhere."
76561198088188117,Recommended,296070,19667435,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Lone Shadow,"This game is not bad but, I am truly hoping that the developers fixes some game breaking flaws, including improving the UI etc.The puzzles and general feel of the game is good, but unfortunately let down by a number of issues.There is no help, info on what you're meant to do.  It's really a matter of trial and error and hopefully don't get too frustrated and throw the mouse through the monitor....Once you get the basic gist of whats going on it often the limited controls make it extremely hard to do what you want.  For example sometime you'll through the object your carrying, sometimes you simply drop it, other times you can't drop it unless you look upwards....Its awkward to walk along edges etc as there is no real sense of placement in the world.The puzzles themselves are very clever in many cases and does get you thinking.  Like I said, the game is generally good and a great concept ...Finally on the negative side, some levels are just obscure.  One level near the end you can't move and simply look at the shiny dots????Graphics etc are okay and suit the style very well.  The sound could be improved, especially with the narratives as sometimes you can barely hear what is being said.You can pick the levels you want to play from the menu, but unfortuantely there is no indication of what the level is actually named while playing, so many times you simply need to guess what level it was and hope.  This is the only way I was actually able to bet through some levels due to obscurity in the puzzles.  Again it would be nice with some bassic help.Finally though I will say that I enjoyed parts of the game and only hope that the game will improve with a bit of polish!I do recommend this game for those that are interested in puzzle type games, but do warn that it is definitely not for every one, and can get extremely frustrating..."
76561198056346692,Recommended,296070,19698559,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,✪ MacDev,To put it in simple terms this was the best game i have ever played. Everything about it is done right
76561198083257228,Recommended,296070,20682559,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Cpt PikPik,If you like getting stoned your love this game!. And if you like this game then you probably like getting stoned.
76561198147336090,Recommended,296070,15833228,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Releeshahn,"I am unable to play this game. It gives me UNBEARABLE motion sickness. I feel like I'm on a small boat riding torrential waves during a tornado!  I can play other first person games but ONLY when theres NO bopping up and down when ""walking"". Which IS realistic perhaps BUT you carn't tell that to your inner ear mechanism thingy that controls balance if you're NOT REALLY walking (which of course you're NOT).Anyway apart from that the game is brilliant. Good sounds beautiful music gorgeous graphics good story etc. I actually got upset when I had to give up after a while. The game sits in my library unfinished so so sad."
76561198050620167,Not Recommended,296070,22062098,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Arl,The puzzles are very poor and there must be only 10 in total. Very short game with very little narrative. Has some pretty concepts and visuals.
76561198094896490,Not Recommended,296070,22172036,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,burlapbee,"When I saw this game on Steam I thought it would a surreal dream trip like LSD: Dream Simulator or Eastern Mind: The Lost Souls of Tong Nou. Something that's really out there and not for everyone. Turns out Mind: Path to Thalamus is just bland. Deep down its a first person platforming adventuring game. Lots of wandering, key puzzles, and tedious platforming. It also has outdated and dull concepts like invisible platforms and wall clipping puzzles. Meh.If you're looking for an adventure game, you can find much better on Steam."
,Not Recommended,296070,20304990,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,kjwein,The game was very linear. Puzzles were not too difficult to solve. The storyline (what little there was) was very confusing and did not add to the game.
,Recommended,296070,20430626,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Didjit,"Overall, I really enjoyed this game.  The puzzles are rather simple, but based on interesting mechanics - changing the weather, seeing the unseen, etc.  But beyond the gameplay, the soundtrack is beautiful at times, and the skies... oh my, the skies are breathtaking.  On the downside, the voice acting wasn't great and the story line was rather formulaic, but it's even possible to avoid all that.I may or may not come back to the game, but the experience of standing in the middle of shallowly flooded plain like an endless shore at low tide with a sweeping swirling pastel sky soaring overhead... that will stay with me for a while.  (It must be overwhelming in VR!)"
76561198049079393,Recommended,296070,20339495,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,kilgoretrout,Loved it! Very creative puzzles. Myst-like game.
76561197986258581,Not Recommended,296070,20093970,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Dibelabbes,"Sadly made me nauseating imediatly before I could explore the game playing with a DK2. The so called VR Olive control scheme doesn't work at all for me, its actually worse than just using the stick for body rotation. I have no problem playing first person games in VR that support comfort turn / instant turn."
76561197983817188,Recommended,296070,20734318,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Hanover,"This is a very weak recommendation.Pros:Fun puzzles.Nice Music/Sound.Somewhat compelling story.Okay graphics for most of the time.Cons:Plenty of Invisible Walls.  Seriously, don't put interesting stuff in the background if I can't get to it.Bad DialogBad Voice ActingInfo-dump ending that pretty much says, ""Just in case you didn't understand the previous narration and have a clue to what was going on, here's what was going on.""Ending credit music that did not fit at all.  Imagine if MYST ended with a cut from Slayer's Seasons in the Abyss.Buy Mind on sale and play it when there's nothing else that intrests you...but you probably won't rememeber it the day after you've completed it."
,Recommended,296070,14183688,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,M. Doucet,"There are some games where the actualgamecan get in the way of enjoying it. Sometimes Mind: Path to Thalamus is so damn beautiful that all you want to do is live in that world for awhile. I was worried that it might be similar to Kairo, with aggravatingly obscure puzzles, all style but no substance, but Mind stands out as a thoughtful and creative game. The logic puzzles here can be challenging, but at least your objectives are relatively clear. Where Mind suffers is in its storytelling, which seems more like an excuse for its lush environments to exist than anything as meaningful or profound as the game may want you to believe. The voice actor in particular (seen also in the Free To Play game Only If...) makes the ongoing monologue distracting at best.Thankfully the gorgeous design is enough to save the game, and the ""enhanced"" update brought even more thoughtful updates to the game. Also worth noting is that this game's achievements actually add to the gameplay and reward more detailed exploration. With its coming Oculus Rift update this game will be a must-have for those interested in the VR space. For the rest of us? Play it for the art and not the story.7/10."
,Recommended,296070,20265389,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,BlackLionBrewery,Good game.  Puzzles are a nice level of complexity but not overwhelming.  Enhanced edition fixed a lot of buggs and glitches.
,Not Recommended,296070,26304831,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,smeenz,"For $5, it's not really worth refunding I guess, but it's just unplayable.   I started the game, it gave me menu options, clicked on Play game, and it dumped me into the end of a street with a car driving away, and some crayon-drawn signs on a road block telling me to use the trigger and touch pad on the Vive controllers.Well, the trigger seems to relocate me, that much worked, but if I click on the trackpad, or grip buttons, a white untextured panel that looks like a graphical error slides across in front of my face from the left, covering the scene, and then the game quits to the menu.  Can't return to the game, so I click on play game again,  it restarts, back to the street with the car driving off,  hold down the right edge of the touchpad, game quits back to the menu.  Same thing happens with the grip buttons.Tried moving around with the  one form of movement that does work, and ended up inside a wall of a house, game quit again to the menu.So I quit and restarted the game, moved around, stood by the power box, and stepped through the wall behind it (room scale), and now the clipping let me me walk around in areas I obviously wasn't supposed to be in.I never worked out how to interact with anything.. all I seemed to be able to do it move around the area.Hit the system menu, quit the game, and got an ""unreal process has crashed"" dialog."
76561198021785342,Recommended,296070,26763139,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ommadawn,"Wouldn't say I'm blown away with this game but with so few true VR games out there with depth.  It leaves you the player to work out how to play with little hand holding.  With time and development, games will improve and as of now, these experiences are what we have on offer.  I wanted to like this so much more and the only reason I didn't ask for a refund is that I want VR to succeed therefore my money goes to developers who want to create new ideas for this medium."
76561197964331808,Recommended,296070,26135696,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,The CyberDemon,"Very cool game, definitely worth the money if you enjoy beautiful, aesthetically-pleasing worlds with relatively simple puzzles. The story is perfect, draws you in and doesn't let go, reveals the developer's personal experience and struggles in a relatable way.I'd very much like to see more from this developer!"
76561198097520188,Recommended,296070,26013656,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Hulluruoho,"Beyond a glitch here or there and somewhat difficult to relate narrator / story:A game full of beautiful environments, scenery and mind-bending puzzles with clever twists (gravity, mirroring, time control ... to name a few). Levels vary from tranquil to threatening, puzzles from easy-as-pie to ""what the...?!? :) -most enjoyable!However it seems the achievements might not get logged (Mac version glitch?), but that wasn´t very important for me. And a couple of restarts of the game was needed to get rid of very occasional jagginess, but no major issues at all. Fluent play all along!"
76561198116304836,Recommended,296070,25991571,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Aerowyn,"One of the best VR experiences I have had to to date. This really is a must have for anyone with an HTC Vive. Full Roomscale, motion controllers, two forms of locomotion. Incredible sureal enviornments. Decent puzzles with a good narrative overall.One thing you MUST do if you are going to play is start the game not in VR. Go into the options menu and turn the resolution scale to max(think it's like 150) for some reason this option is not in the VR options menu and without this up the game is a blurry mess."
76561198103286574,Recommended,296070,20503127,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Drazihnya,"I enjoyed the game a lot. The atmosphere is amazing, it is really good art-wise, beautiful landscapes and textures and a great soundtrack.The puzzles are easy enough, no tricky points, not anything too demanding.The story is nice, it seemed a little confusing to me at times but overall it was good and the voice acting is decent.Game mechanics are simple.Overall it is a quite nice and relaxing game and I had fun playing it. Good Job!"
,Recommended,296070,23073746,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,sn00ke,"A free-moving environmental puzzle game that is stunningly beautiful with interesting puzzles, but would benefit from an option to turn off narration. The story is conveyed through voiceover during the game and is unfortunately pretty bad, teetering between eye-rolling melodrama and outright boredom."
,Not Recommended,296070,20360642,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Trion@RandomSelectGaming,"Dont let the 37 hours of playtime fool you, I really just left it running over night. My ACTUAL playtime would prolly be around the 2 hour mark.Boiled down to its simplest, ""NO, this game is not worth buying & then investing part of your lifespan playing.""If you would like a few reasons why that is, fine. We are inqusitive creatures by nature.-Bad script--which is then poorly acted-Cliched dreamlike settings-Puzzles that aren't really puzzles but are more akin to mini-platforming stages that require you to notice things &/or flip switches-Infuriating Balls that act as blocks to sit on switches to activate weather mechanics. Why are they so troublesome? BECAUSE THEY ARE BALLS! They roll and BOUNCE and♥♥♥♥♥♥-Weather mechanics that could have been clever but are really just switches to activate particular platforms or doors...ect.-Settings that are ENTIRELY TOO LARGE.-It froze on me so I uninstalled it out of spite. I'm ok with that since I was only determined to finish it out of spite in the first place.I do not choose to review lightly.*edited for a poorly placed comma and changed a ""t"" to an ""s"""
,Recommended,296070,16954693,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,-GB,"EDIT: Why are recent reviews ""Mixed""!? The game is perfectly great! There were some issues with VR (which are already FIXED), it still stands very strong without VR. I'm sorry but I HAVE to rewrite the review, this game deserves far more positive reviews than it has.Visuals are fantastic and I managed to run and pass it on my GTS 250 with only slight framerate drops. There is no explanation given to any puzzle, but they are intuitive - once you start paying attention to details and recognize patterns, they are easy to solve. Game mechanics and physics feel great, no issues with those whatsoever. The story is interesting, nothing more than that though.It isn't THE best walking simulator outa there, but it's one of the GOOD good ones and definitely deserves more positive feedback."
76561198109185528,Recommended,296070,21754816,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,jaredcisme,"Where else are you going to get a controller supporter, VR supported, beautifully made game that has many hours of gameplay for less than $10? Buy it!"
,Recommended,296070,30733162,Posted: 25 March,all,acejavelin,"Although this game is beautiful, it was very was boring, I finished it in about 4-4.5 hours without even looking for help, I was hoping for a Portal/Talos Principal type game and although it seems like the mechanics start to go there, the puzzles are to simplistic with all but a couple levels mearly taking a minimal amount of common sense since the answers are almost handed to you..I will not give any spoilers, but then again I am not sure how I could... the story was lackluster and seemed piece-mealed together, with an ending that was, well, stupid. I had to play through the last level a second time to watch it again to make sure I didn't miss something and I didn't.EDIT: After watching some Youtube videos of gameplay, it seems the Linux version is missing some pieces, including the ending and quite a bit of dialog. I am still not changing my review, as the ending seems very simple and weird, but the Linux version just leaves you hanging, at least the Windows version video I saw had something of an ending to wrap things up.For under $3 it might be worth it, just for the scenery and beauty of the game, but it isn't worth more than that. To be honest, I would only get it when it's CHEAP (which I did, $2.24 or something like that) or not bother getting it at all.Oh, and I just realized I didn't get ANY achievements... nadda, ZERO... and if you have played the game and read the achievements, it is impossible not to get several achievement just by normal game progression. So the fix to fix the fixes didn't work, it is still broken.This is another game where I am torn between recommend or not, wishing Steam had a ""Meh"" button again. I am going to say yes if you can get it cheaply enough... it's a beautiful time killer but the storyline leaves a lot to be desired."
,Recommended,296070,35016459,Posted: 17 September,all,Cunning Mr.Lingus,This game is great with weed
