user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,296490,15882208,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Genoce,"Disclaimer: I've played the free versions of this series for more than 300 hours, probably near 400. (about half of it spent with Gemcraft Labyrinth).Gemcraft has always been my favourite tower defense game by far, the difference between this series and any other TD is just ridiculous. Main reasons why I love this series as a whole:Pause button and ability to act during pause. I hate TD's where I need to act quickly. This allows me to think about what to do at any time I want to.Pretty much everything has a hotkey, which makes the gameplay a bit smoother compared to clicking everything.You're always doing something.It's really rare that you get through a wave without building or doing some micromanagement with your towers.The math in the game. Everything is told with calculatable numbers.I hate TD's that only tell something like ""A high damage, low speed missile tower"" with no numbers to tell me what it really does.148 levels.This is not some basic ""get high score in these 10 levels"" tower defense, but it has a story/lore, hidden stuff, multiple ways of progression/upgrades, etc.The insanely good difficulty scaling.It's not an automatic scaling, but I can choose how difficult I want the game to be. At easiest, it's pretty easy (and boring) to be honest. But you can adjust stuff that changes the gameplay a lot like ""next wave comes faster"", ""you gain mana in waves instead of a constant stream"", ""faster scaling"", ""reduced effect of Slow"", and of course, endurance mode in any level. You can enable multiple different things at once, and harder settings means more exp = more skills = you can go for even higher difficulty.Difficulty scaling from ""easier than breathing"" to ""failed in first wave"" also means that this game has a difficulty for anyone.Want casual click-and-watch-explosions? You got it. Want to see how long you can survive against impossible odds? You got it.Every fail is caused by you and you only.The problem I see with most TD's is the situation where you think ""I have no idea which order I should build these towers to complete this level"". But because of the difficulty scaling and the complexity of the game in general, I've never had that feeling in Gemcraft. The difficulty scaling causes me to always try harder settings before hitting a wall of ""oh sh*t I went too high"". But because it was my own choice to begin with, it's just a facepalm moment and retry, instead of feeling that the game is peeing in my cereals.Continuing with difficulty scaling: even in mid-fight, you can make any wave of monsters harder by spending mana on it. Killing these waves rewards you with even more mana, but doing this requires you to really know your limits: anger them too much and they'll eat you alive. Using this mechanic is pretty much required to beat the hardest levels and difficulties, and it turns the game to a constant balancing of ""how much can I take?"". This mechanic is unique among the TD's that I've played, and it's also one of the many reasons I love this game.The usual ""get a bonus by sending in the next wave earlier"" is there aswell.The whole series is pretty much like Dark Souls of the tower defense genre.If you get into it, you'll say that it's the best one. The caveat is that it isn't the easiest game to get into, and it isn't for everyone.The free version of this game can be found athttp://armorgames.com/play/15760/gemcraft-chasing-shadows. I'm not even sure what's the difference because I bought this edition instantly after noticing it's on Steam. But I'd say go try the free one, and if you notice that you run out of content before getting bored with the game, come back here.TL;DR:In the end it's still a tower defense game, but it's filled with loads of unique ideas/mechanics andeverythingis polished to the limit and above. For me it's the game that made every other TD suck just because they aren't nearly as good as Gemcraft."
76561198030935422,Recommended,296490,15627752,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,procnessil,"Gemcraft series is the ultimate Tower Defense experience for me, and ""Chasing Shadows"" is the best instalment so far.At first glance it may work and look like a standard TD game - monsters enter the map in waves, walk to our base along predefined paths and we have to defend it by building towers and traps, as well as occasionally using some spells. However, not only Gemcraft does it superbly but it also offers depth and complexity you won't find in most TD games.The most unique and fun feature of the game, in my opinion, is the wave angering. Player can spend some mana to make monster waves stronger (by increasing monster numbers and stats), which allows you to gain more mana and experience from killing the monsters... IF you can kill them that is. This one feature changes the gameplay from simple defense to the ""how far can I push it"" competition.Another feature, which adds extra replayability value, is the ability to customize levels. It's pretty fun to return to some of early levels later in the game to see how much stronger you have become by beating the level with some extra difficulty settings. You can add more waves, make monsters stronger, faster, tougher or tweak some game rules to get a harder map with higher experience multiplayer.Ah, the experience - player character can gain levels and unlock various skills and spells which will increase his efficiency in killing monster filth. There is no level cap, however some skills (not all) have a limit to which they can be improved. Add to it a wizard's talisman which can be socketed with talisman fragments gathered along your journey and you get quite a few ways of progressing, improving and specialising your character.However, Gemcraft originally being a flash game, has some shortcomings. To many people graphics would be the biggest one. Despite it being pretty ""clean"", readable and fitting the game's darker theme, it's still 2D graphics in low resolution without all those fireworks that other games have nowadays. Personally I prefer it that way, but to each his own.I have spent dozens of hours (flash version on ArmorGames, so obviously Steam won't show this time) with this game and can safely recommend it to other Tower Defense games fans. If you are unsure then you may try the free version of the game on ArmorGames to see if you like it. In any case be advised that GemCraft is not a game you can finish in a few hours. There are dozens of levels and some of the later ones can take as much as an hour to finish."
76561198083704215,Recommended,296490,19396885,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,dubstepdeejay,"Spent like, $150 in the '15 Fall sale.  Best purchase was for $2.49: This game.Figures."
,Recommended,296490,16984487,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Mana,"I am flabberghasted at how awesome this game is. Ridiculus amounts of content and depth for a ""simple"" tower defense game. I have absolutely nothing but warm recommendations for this game. But, in the interest of diversity, I will mention a fair few flaws or gripes.The game runs on Flash via Air. This means there's no hope of running this natively on Linux as it stands. It also means it will lag like crazy when you get to wizard levels 1000 and above and you really start to abuse the enrage mechanic and get thousands of monsters on screen at once. For simple story mode or casual play, you'll never notice. But if you're hardcore, lag will become a factor eventually.It also means that the entire client will bog down and not respond to inputs as the game lags, this can make controlling the game hard when there's a bajillion things going on at once. Remember to pause your game before issuing commands if you are going into those deep-enrage endurance games.Otherwise I have nothing but positives for the game. I freaking HATE the tower defense genre. Nothing but uncreative, pretty cow-clicky games with zero depth and no strategy EVERYWHERE. Gemcraft though? Totally breaks the mold and makes even a hater love it. That's the warmest recommendations I can ever give a game."
76561198064050389,Recommended,296490,19725092,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Jxt09,"Prepare to be addicted!A tower defense game with a dark, gritty atmosphere and tons of choices for upgrading skills, choosing which types of gems you prefer to use, as well as extra stuff like spells, shrines, etc.   A map that lets you choose your path, and even replay levels to your hearts content.   And best of all, tons of achievments that actually give you in-game bonus points to use in upgrading your skills.  Finally, we achievment hunters can have a legitimate reason for getting achievements!Now I must warn you that I have not completed the game yet.  But 20 hours in and I haven't seen anything to change my mind that this game is highly reccommended.Ok, so this is tower defense.  You build towers (traps, too!) and hope that they kill off the incoming line of enemies.  Only in this game the towers are powered by gems.  Each color does something different.  The green poison gem is my current favorite.  The red chain hit one is good too.  There's gems that steal mana from the enemy, deplete enemy armor, prevent enemies from regenerating their health, and more.Gems are created with mana.  You start with some mana but also gain mana slowly and by killing enemies.  Use the mana to create more gems or upgrade your existing gems to higher levels.  You can have gems from levels 1-12, but so far I have only been able to afford up to level 8.  Each level costs more than the previous level to create a gem.  You can also move gems around, but there is a short wait time for the gem to socket before it can start attacking.   Gems can also be used to bomb enemies with wasp stings, but I haven't found that very effective.Each time  you complete a level it unlocks one or more new levels.  Map sections are hexogonal and eventually it opens up two pathway options.  So the game is not completely linear, which I love.  You gain experience and also get shadow cores to use to upgrade your abilities.There is so much customization in this game, so you can play it in your own style.  You can redistribute your ability points any time you want, so you're not stuck with your upgrades.  Or you can spend the shadow cores to increase your chance of getting better loot and rare items.  The maps have quite a variety of pathways.   And you can build little walls to make a maze to slow the monsters down.Graphics are seen from a top down angle, and the most realistic looking graphics that I've seen in a tower defense game, though I haven't seen them all.  Most of the games in this genre seem to be cartoon-like, but this game has lush forests, stone pathways, and dark insect-looking monsters!Music is more of a kind of ethereal chorus or extended chords.  Not a tune.  But it's perfect for this game.  It really adds to the monstrous ambiance.Replay value is huge.  As far as I know you can replay levels as much as you want, to grind for experience and to get the hard achievements.    But like I said, I haven't finished it yet so I dont' know if there might be a reason not to take too much time.Controls are done with the mouse and there are keyboard shortcuts.Story-wise, there are sometimes pages that tell the story but mostly it's just killing monsters.  Maybe there's more story later on, I dont' know.  This game won't appeal to someone who just wants to play once through a game.  It's for people who like to do the same thing over and over again.  I like to challenge myself to use the least amount of mana and still make it through the level, and stuff like that.  So, if that sounds like you, then buy this game without waiting!  It is well worth the price.  No need to wait for a sale.The only bad thing is I'm neglecting my other games to play this one.  My poor backlog!Update:  I forgot to mention that there is blood but no gore.  And there's a setting where you can turn off the blood if you want."
,Recommended,296490,32647208,Posted: 22 June,all,TNTFTB,"I love it and I hate it. The ultimate TD!I bought GC:CS 2 years ago. Very soon after playing I got very intimidated by the size of the game, and the ´grind´. By now my intimidation has faded, and am having a blast!- very easy to gembomb yourself to death (calling too many monsters)- gemcombining is very complex, to the point that you need an external program which should be ingame- at late endgame the game struggles with performance+ complexity is hot!+ Iron Wizard mode for a pure Tower Defense challenge+ many achievements, which are linked to skillpoints+ lots of mapsI definately love this game. A big amount of content will keep me busy for hundreds of hours... at least. All that I could ask for is a competitive mode... maybe in chapter 3?"
76561198040823957,Recommended,296490,15631147,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Belgarion,Played the flash version +300h. This game is not what it seems. It's so much more. This is *the* definitive tower defense game.
,Recommended,296490,15627467,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,BlackCobra,I have played this Game for hours onarmorgames.comand it's just amazing. I just had to buy it for the sake of supporting the developer.I've played ever prequel there has been too.
76561197996415690,Recommended,296490,16502636,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,chris_the_programmer,"There comes a point in this game where you realize that you absolutely need to learn the deeper concepts of combining gems.  There are people out there that have mathmatically derived the best combinations for a specific task to reap the synergies of gemweaving.  After getting a grasp on weaving, the base game becomes trivial and the new meta game begins.  Getting the highest level gem you possibly can create, how many experience points can you rack up on a single map, completing your tailiman (which provides in game bonuses) with all level 100 fragments, completeing all the achievments, etc...I whole-heateredly endorse this game."
76561198008964177,Recommended,296490,15635777,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,tigersfan,"First off, this is the most polished release I've seen in a LONG time. They worked on it forever, and it shows. This is, IMO, the game that defined the TD genre, and this latest release from Game in a Bottle doesn't dissapoint.If you love TDs, this is a must have. If you like TDs, this is a must have. If you hate TDs, you should still probably try it. No, seriously, it's that good."
,Recommended,296490,19196869,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Csontzuzo,"This will be my shortest review ever, just one sentence:Without doubt this is THE BEST tower defense game on steam.You dont need anything else to know, now hit that buy button and stop reading!"
76561198030096254,Recommended,296490,15633552,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,noxmortem,"PROGemCraft (all different episodes) are definetly THE Tower Defense! It has the most amazing well thought through concept. Same as others I have played the series for hundreds of hours and bought this game to support the developer. I also want to note I am satisfied with this version just as well altough there is one thing which bugs me a lot (see con). Technically, this game is for someone who loves Tower Defenses and especially different ways to solve them. Early on everything is super easy but in the very late you will have to rethink concepts, try different strategies, think how to counter difficult monsters and the more difficult it becomes the more you will have to watch for your timings. The game contains tons of achievements and levels which are really different to play.CONThe author did not bother to make this version an HD version so its the same old graphics - which are beautiful - BUT for low resolution. In 1920p this game simply looks horribly upscaled and I do recommend everyon to switch to window mode and play it there - no one was bothered by this when it was a browser game, so why now? Because now the game is 8.99€ and I really think, this should have been the one important thing for a steam release. The game was already amazing and I would have bought the old version here on steam as well, as long as they were fit to a modern screen.The original resolution seems to be at least half the size of current screens.Still: If i play a tower defense for whatever reason, it is this series and no other. I grown up with the first tower defenses in starcraft and played them a lot through all of the blizz game titles and many of the popular flash games back then. I also tried some of the new mobile TDs but even if they look much more beautiful (new graphics vs old graphics upscaled) they all lack the creativity and possibilities of this one. This is simply the best!"
,Recommended,296490,15671279,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Apex Assault,"I've been playing the GemCraft series for years on Armor Games and I was thrilled to see this coming to Steam! This is going to eat away a chunk of my life now...It met my expectations and I recommend this to anyone who's into TD games. The sheer amount of levels, achievements, skills and game modes will never have you bored!"
76561198069453704,Recommended,296490,16616110,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Mordorson,"This is an absolutely amazing game. It's the most recent installment in a series of great games, and it's very well done, especially for having been created by a small studio like GiaB.The scope of this game is massive; each of the 191 fields can take you anywhere from 20 minutes to 3 hours, depending on if you just want to get it over with, or farm the hell out of it for experience and achievements.The combat system is the best feature of this game, making it what is, Gemcraft. The ability to combine gems in any manner you choose gives you an insane amount of possibilities for how to build your defences, as well as having traps, towers, and amplifiers to place those gems in.Every field is a different challenge that requires different strategies to beat, and with 191 of them, that's a lot of strategies you can use. (Ok, really there's about a dozen different strategies, but you can implement them in a lot of different ways).This is by far the best 2D tower defence game I have ever played (or seen, for that matter) and I would personally rank it in the top 3 of all TD games. I doubt anyone else would fail to list it in the top 5, depending on their personal preferences."
76561198032771719,Recommended,296490,15628166,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Dreadmare,"Love this game.For the TD genre this game and all other installments offer a wide variety of strategy in how to lay your traps and fill your towers,but for me what real stands out is how u can adjust every level you play.Adding battle traits, many speed options, making the waves stronger and how u balance between those to not get overrun adds a new dimension to the challenge in every level.I advice any TD lover who never heard about gemcraft before or played the older installments to give it a try."
,Recommended,296490,15768559,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,NoAngelHonestly,"I love the GemCraft series and again this is a very fun tower defense game. Prepare to spend a huge amount of time on it! Bunch of achievements, maps and skills to discover."
,Recommended,296490,15657098,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Mad Dog Torx,"I'll be amazed if I end up playing this game for less than 500 hours in total.Brilliant!And here are my top five reasons, which can ultimately be summarised in two words:Incredible flexibility1) There is a huge variety of stages to explore.2) It's not just about placing towers in predefined slots, you choose where to place your towers.3) The towers are powered by gems, but you have to decide what type of nine different gems to use and how powerful the gems are. The flexibility and number of possible combinations is mind boggling!4) I love the fact that unlocking achievements actually  yields skill points which can be spent on improving passive skills!5) Variable speed settings, up to 9x speed but also paused to allow you to manage your gems and place them on the field!There are so many more reasons, but stop reading this and go buy GemCraft and find out just how good this is!"
,Recommended,296490,15994177,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,nx,"GemCraft: Chasing Shadows is both a great tower defense game and time killer. It offers a lot of flexibility in how you want to tailor the challenge - make it easy as pie, or brutally difficult, with a set of unique constraints to pick and choose from (similar to Bastion's idols). And you have plenty of tools at your disposal - different types of spells, structures and skills so you can customize your defense to suit the situation best, as well as an upgrade system that rewards careful utilization. Later levels really make you think through your strategy and approach, and will punish careless players.I've played dozens of hours of GemCraft chapters One and Zero, and feel that Chasing Shadows is an improvement on both games, so if you enjoyed the older titles and were considering this one, go for it."
,Recommended,296490,23740498,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,I Rock Ths,"Add about 200 hours to my total for the time I played on the Flash version before the Steam version was released. That's how much enjoyment I've had with this game. It's a Tower Defense game with a story line, which is what initially attracted me to Gemcraft in the first place (been playing since the original back in 07). On top of that, it's a well executed game within the genre.ProsThe replayability has to be the biggest pro. I've beaten the game twice (once on Flash and once again on Steam, they didn't have a transfer at the time, I don't know if they ever got one), and I still play for high scores. The motivation to get further and further in endurance mode is very driving.When playing through the game, there's over 150 different maps you can try. Some of them are homages to previous games (the epic battles and first levels mostly). And most of the maps are not simply reskinned versions of other maps. Each one has its challenges that make it harder.The sound. Well done sounds should convey what is going on very quickly (everything is working, wait now nothing is dying wtf). But the music should be unnoticable. It should blend perfectly with the game, and this music does that. It works very well with the settings.ConsThe game has one set strategy for the end game. Basically the goal is to try and unlock mana, chain, bloodbound and crit gems and put them in traps. Then gem bomb the hell out of the end game. While the depths to the game actually give quite a bit of difficulty, once you know what you need to do it's very straight forward. My strategy has barely changed since I started running for high scores, regardless of map.That's it, really just the one con.This game is easily worth every cent. It has just as much content as any AAA game out there and for 1/6th the price."
76561198035849727,Recommended,296490,15627373,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,feliscon,"The series that made me love TD games years ago is on Steam at last! Classic of the 'TD RPG' genre, must buy for anyone interested in the roots of these kinds of games."
76561198025148070,Recommended,296490,15680925,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,EclipsedHusky,"A tower defense game to rule them all!Only about 10% of the way into the total amount of stages the game offers and the game is pretty insane!Unlike other tower defense games you have Only ONE tower type you can make. (you also have floor traps but that is a bit later)Instead of having say the typical gatling gun, cannon, missle, etc you have one type of Tower, this tower just kind of shoots stuff within range. But the tower is actually useless until you put a gem within it! The gem you place within it then shoots and has special abilities.Chain: can hit multiple enemiesSlowPoisondrain mana (low damage but fills your mana some each time it attacks)armor destoryingand two buff typesblood (boosts off of its own attacking, after 30-50 etc it gets a bit stronger)Mana: The mana gem is more so a booster gem, your mana works in a pretty cool way, you have mana limits, but when you reach the mana limit you upgrade your limit, the Mana Gem works off your ManaPool level, so the more mana you store the stronger they get! Upgrading your mana pool also offers passives like more EXP, faster auto mana regen and such!The complexity of the game is not in making towers, instead it is all about crafting, with the 9 gem types you have you can upgrade and mingle their powers!Gems can go through levels 1-12 FREAKING TWELVE levels! You can level gems up by comboing them1-1=22-2=3 and so on! Or if you have enough mana you can just buy a Pure Gem of that type which is upgraded, but has only that type of gem in it.Comboing gems is cheaper though, and if done right faster leveling up your gear!Along side all the crafting you have other skills too!Bomb, you don't need that gem? Too many baddies in an area? Make a gem and select Bomb and you can just drop that sucker right on all those jerks heads! Using a bomb also makes Mana Wasps which linger and cause a stunning affect!Floor traps. A gem type trap, mostly great for posion as far as I have played, but they are special since you can only play them on the monster path, but hey its more damage!Spells, eventually you get spells, allowing you to do things like freeze a group of enemies! Frozen enemies even EXLPODE on death dealing damage to more baddies!You also get Binding powers, much like a spell, but they are passive buffs you can give your traps. Floor ones get it forever, towers get a nice big buff for a few shots.This game is brilliant! There are even challenge missions where you have no passive skills and have to figure it out more puzzle style than most challenges.Best part of this game though for me? NO RATINGS! Always mad when you have to do the entire challenge again cause ONE guy got through some how? Don't care! All that sucker does is eat through a bit of your mana and you keep trucking!Another great thing is Endless mode being there right from the start! When you complete a stage you can do Endless on it with all the gear you already laid out, and just test yourself against ever growing enemies! Mind you, in Endless you can not get anything aside from EXP and accessories! But you get everything from the challenge you already gained even if you go for the Endless mode, so try it and get extra EXP! :D"
76561198116527414,Recommended,296490,29097314,Posted: 7 January,all,Sigmar,"GemCraft - Chasing Shadows is the metaphorical hidden ""gem"" among indie tower defence games. You play as a sorcerer who uses magical gems to protect his ""orb of presence"" (the command centre or flag, if you will) from waves of monsters. This Fantasy theme was what made me buy this game in the first place, and I did not regret it.In comparison to other TD games I have played, the gems used in towers and traps have a particularly wide variety of effects, including but not limited to single target or multiple target damage, damage over time, slowing down, armor piercing, mana leeching (mana is the currency you spend for more gems, gem upgrades and buildings, and at the same time, it serves as the ""health bar"" of your orb - a connection with major tactical consequences) ... you can also apply special effects like freezing enemies in an area of effect or adding bolts to do higher damage where the battle situation makes it necessary.The monsters only come in a few different shapes and sizes, but the occasional attacks of flying gem thieves who can easily destroy your main front create exciting situations anyway. As there are so many things going on, I had no time to get bored of the attackers, and even if this would have been the case: The developer offers you the option to change the speed of time flow and even pause, a player service well-appreciated.The single levels, connected by an expanding map that offers you some freedom of strategical choice where to attack next, not only display the usual patterns of roads, building ground, pre-made buildings and so on, but also loot chests, mana pools, destructable monster nests and many other special features that help to avoid repetitivity.Scrolls, relics and crafting materials you loot on those battlegrounds are used to improve your character, give you new buffs and spells and thereby the power to master difficult challenges on the map in which you were defeated in your first attempt - which makes the final victory even sweeter.Talking about accomplishments: Apart from being an entertaining and surprisingly deep TD game, this is a real achievement factory. You get those for every single little step and discovery, and as there are many (see above), you are practically showered in them. I think I received around 80 in the first five hours of gameplay (more than Skyrim has in total!), and there are more than 400 to earn here. If you are on a hunt for Steam achievements, go and get this title!Graphics and sound are functional, they add some nice details to the whole experience, but the dynamic gameplay is definitely the major strength of this product. Within its own genre, I judge it to be an 8.5/10."
,Recommended,296490,23790774,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Quick Silver,"Though as of writing this review I have 76.7 hours, I must have played this for at least another 100 hours in offline mode. I'm usually not the kind of person to play Tower Defense games. The only TD game I have ever played aside from this was Fieldrunners 2 on iOS, and even then I played it very little. That being said, this game is VERY fun and quite addicting too. Got this on sale a while back, but now that it's on sale again for the 2016 Summer Sale, I wanted to take the time to recommend this game to everyone.This game plays just like any other TD I have seen: enemies walk along a path, you build towers along said path, and defend a certain end point of the path by shooting at enemies with those towers. But what really makes this game stand out is the customization of the towers and the possibilities and potential they have based on the gems that you create. You have gems of different colors, each color having their own effects, which you can put into towers and traps to damage enemies and apply those effects. However, you can combine gems to combine their effects, as well as applying a boost to overall damage at the cost of lowering their overall special power. These combined gems are perfect for towers, but for traps you'll want to stick with single color gems to get the most of their effects (until you get certain gems later that you can still combine with them and get an even more massive boost), as traps will greatly lower damage but will boost specials.There are many skills to unlock, as well as new difficulties that also increase your experience gain, not to mention hundreds of achievements. Thus, you get a lot of value for just a few dollars.However, there is one qualm that I do have with this game, and I know this is mainly an issue with it being a Flash game and all, but...when you get far into the game, to the point you have thousands of monsters on your path, the game will lag intensely. Even if you have a good computer, it'll happen. But, you'll only have to worry about that when you get really far into the game and you are farming for large amounts of experience. As of this review, my wizard level is at around 5,000, and I have had sessions where I would play on a single map for 6+ hoursPros:* In-depth customization of gems (you'll see just how customizable when you learn about things like 32-spec gems)* Lots of things to find and unlock, and great replayability* Very nice skill tree system that helps boost your gems and overall abilities* Talisman system, where you can insert collectible fragments that boost your stats* Practically endless, skill points being purchaseable with shadow cores (dropped from enemies) and some skills having no cap(I read somewhere that theoretically the level limit is around 50,000 but don't know if this is true)Cons:* Very laggy when you get a couple thousand monsters on the path. This is to be expected since it's a Flash game but it can be an annoyance, especially when it becomes a necessity when trying to max your experience. All I can suggest is keeping your speed low (1x or 3x, I heard that with 9x enemies can even bypass some of your traps) and just doing other things at the same time to help pass time. Still, this is not much of a big deal and won't happen until you are really far into the game, so it's not something that should turn anyone away from this wonderful game.Even if you are not a fan of Tower Defense games, you will certainly find enjoyment with GemCraft."
,Recommended,296490,31068673,Posted: 10 April,all,Celery V. Green,"This has become one of my favorite games, and I believe every tower defense fan has a good chance of really enjoying this game. Gemcraft - CS is based on the original Flash game (haven't played it at time of writing, but I should get around to it sooner or late). I've played a lot of Flash tower defense games, but Gemcraft is very unique, for many reasons:Gameplay & Mechanics:Is similar to other top-down TD games, in which your sole objective is to defend your base (in this case, your Orb) from hordes of enemies. You do this by placing gems into towers and traps. It's a simple premise, but the game incorporates so many elements that complicate matters. Every gem type has a different special effect, and many factors, such as the shape of the field, the gems you have available (you don't unlock all the gems for use on every map until later in the game), and the skills/abilities you have, just to name a few. You can also speed up time, which is very useful as things WILL get slow at times, or pause time entirely while you make decisions. This sounds broken, but I assure you, it isn't. You can even play in Iron Wizard mode, which disables most of the extra bonuses and makes the game more like a typical TD experience, with the difficulty being thrown at you head-on. Much of the game is the player investing more in their talisman bonuses and skill points to challenge more difficult maps and make more progress in endurance runs.Sound:Nothing too fancy, the music is ambient and fits the mood of the game, while the sounds do what they need to. Nothing I'd mind if they were muted, but not bad.Graphics:Same as the Sound department. Not bad at all, and the gems are pretty to look at, but nothing incredibly fancy. It looks exactly like a Flash game.Performance:The game runs very well overall, but there can be significant lag due to all the enemies and effects on the screen if you progress far enough in waves. A lot of people complain about this, but this is a very common, and often unavoidable problem in games. I have seen a couple of apparent fixes for this, but have yet to try them. However, it shouldn't be too hard to run this game decently.Replayability:When the store page tells you that this game has an emphasis on strategy and replayability, it isnotlying to you. There are dozens of maps to play and as you level up and discover new strategies, you can replay stages you've beaten to gain more XP and go for rarer talisman fragments to further power up, and you decide how much harder to make your endurance runs. All this adds to many hours of replaying, which makes the game grindy, but to me it rarely feels like just a monotonous grind because I enjoy seeing how much stronger I've become since the last time I played a particular map, and regardless if it is a new map or not, it's fun to me. In addition, there are hundreds of achivements, and while some are freebies, the majority require at least a bit of skill to obtain. Your level can soar into the thousands and there is a lot of complicated math with the game's inner workings, for those who like solving that stuff (too intimidating for me). There is a lot to do in this game for dedicated TD fans, but more casual players may prefer a simpler experience.I love this game, and out of all the TD games I've played, this is one of the most unique I've played. If you're a longtime fan of the genre, you should give it a chance. You likely won't be disappointed.Pros:- Simple gameplay at its core- Many ways to customize your abilities and challenge level- Many, many maps and achievements, offering immense replayability for a TD game; the desire to keep earning things can become addictingCons:- The many facets of micro-managing various gameplay elements may turn off those looking for a simpler experience- This game is inherently grindy, especially with the randomization of talisman fragment drops and certain enemies that may or may not appear in a given run, so people who are bothered by grinding in games should probably stay away- Some people like an immediate challenge, but this game is only as hard as you make it, which some may not prefer"
76561198037259809,Recommended,296490,16288094,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Waervyn,"Written review below, for my video review, see:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-fCoC-rMFAEWritten review:Gemcraft is a very interesting and deep tower defence game. It distinguishes itself from other games in that you don't really have different towers to build, but you can mix different types of gems together in order to build/customize exactly the gem you want.Some pro's:- Tons of content (lots of levels, multiple modes of play, multiple difficulties)- Tons of customization (skills, talismans, battle traits, difficulty, crafting your own gems)- Lots of depth, the game has many interesting mechanics, such as banishment, amplifiers, enraging.- Fairly good tutorial- Quite some secretsSo basically it has everything you could ever want from a tower defence game. Here's some cons:- The optimization is terrible. When you do endurance runs, be prepared for about 1fps. My computer was top of the crop about a year ago, and it dies playing this simple flash game.- It can be very grindy. This depends on what you do though. If your goal is to beat endurance run, be prepared for a very long grind.- Making the perfect gem combinations is extremely tedious and full of weird math. Some people like this, I personally don't. Tower defence should be about skill of placement etc., not about being able to combine 500 gems in exactly the right order.I think this game is really one of the better tower defence games around. Lot's of depth and replay value, what else could you want? Furthermore it's priced very fairly. 8.5/10."
76561198031765203,Recommended,296490,15988859,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,SleepThieff,"I will update this with a more in depth review a bit later, but for now, I am immeasurably surprised by this game. And that is pleasantly surprised. Gemcraft - Chasing Shadows has far more depth and strategy than your average tower defense game. Do not be fooled by the simple graphics - Gemcraft has a ton of game options and strong strategy content. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED."
,Recommended,296490,16261884,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,"Lingie, the Fox-Tailed","Extremely positive updates to an already top of the line tower defense game.  If you're into the tower defense genre, or just like good flash games as a whole, GC:CS is a great pickup."
76561197985946657,Recommended,296490,32532141,Posted: 18 June,all,magier556,"This game takes tower defence to a next level in strategy and progress, while bloons TD 5 might be the more graphically fleshed out one. This one is much more interesting on a strategy level, the level progression is awesome, the strategies are interesting. And the game actually takes a mix of a lot of thought, and a lot of grind.This would be my go to tower defence game if you're really into the genre and want to spend a lot of time playing it. It's the most well thought out one strategy and progress wise."
,Recommended,296490,24245486,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Justin_Brett,"Moving from a game without meat on its bones, here's one with an absolute ton of it. Chasing Shadows is the latest game in the Gemcraft series, which have appeared on flash sites before this; they have an ongoing storyline, but it generally features you playing as a nameless wizard, fighting monsters using gems, as the title implies. Much like Kingdom Rush, Chasing Shadows is a paid version of the game with all the premium content unlocked.Chasing Shadows is considered the second chapter of the game, and has apparently been in development since 2011. It certainly shows, as the game has a great deal of polish, and also looks quite nice considering it's a flash game. You play as an unnamed wizard who has just recovered from being possessed by a demon known as the Forgotten, which happened at the end of Chapter 1. Now free from your body, she aims to invade the Spiritforge, a citadel where the other wizards of the world are hiding out. From his old tower, your wizard aims to trap her before she can do this, which entails projecting himself into the lands ahead to free them of monsters and gather strength.You have quite a bit of freedom in Chasing Shadows. The game uses sort of a grid system, and you can build a tower anywhere there's four spaces free. You power them by slotting in gems, from a set selection in each level, although at some later point it seems you do unlock the ability to use types of them whenever you want. There's no real 'base' gem, as all of them have some special power, from a chance to hit multiple enemies, to poison, to stealing mana (the main resource of the game). You can also combine them, creating a tower that does multiple things at once. Not long in the game, you unlock traps, which make the gems deal far less damage but amplify their effects. Much later, there are also amplifiers, which buff adjacent towers and traps. Finally there are walls, which divert enemy paths. This all comes together to give you a lot of freedom with how you approach levels.Each gem has twelve ranks to it, which require increasingly large amounts of mana to create. This ties into the game's level-up system, where you gain more base mana every level, with an additional amount for the skill points you've accrued (three every level, plus a certain amount for each of the game's many, -many- achievements) but haven't invested. It feels like a game meant to appeal to gamers that like watching their numbers get bigger and bigger, not unlike Disgaea. And much like that series, Chasing Shadows gives you a lot of shortcuts to grinding, since the game allows - dares, really - you to play chicken with it at every turn.Other Tower Defense games let you call a wave early for bonuses. Chasing Shadows does that too, but also allows you to call multiple waves at once, including a specific key combination for calling every single wave still remaining to come charging in at once. Before that, you can drop gem bombs on the markers indicating them, causing more of them to spawn and tougher. Throughout the game you also acquire Battle Trait scrolls, which you can set at a level from one to nine before a level, spawning an extra wave for each and giving the enemy certain bonuses, but also increasing your total experience dramatically if you're daring enough. Since the first difficulty isn't very taxing while playing normally, this can spice up your experience a lot.There are quite a few levels in Chasing Shadows, but it tries its best to keep things from being boring, and most of them tend to have some set-pieces about them. This ranges from simple things like abandoned buildings or chests you can blow open for minor rewards, to ones that seriously affect a given level, such as Tome Chambers, which unlock a skill for you provided you kill a certain amount of enemies in its range, or Wizard Towers, which unlock further sections of the map if you break all the locks around them - and you should, since they'll fail the level for you if you don't.Compared to the other games I've covered, this one has a more solitary feel to it; there's no real music, and not too many sound effects, so if you want a game to chill out with while you're listening to something you won't be missing out on much. And if you want a lot of bang for your buck or a game that has a lot of avenues for improvement, it can offer that too. It's newer, but should definitely be recommended alongside Kingdom Rush and Defense Grid."
76561198048899606,Recommended,296490,26374110,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,jerry.healy,"This game ate my life.When it takes five hours to clear a level (with waves enraged with 90 bombs or more and the traits jacked up for a challenge), your personal life takes a hit.You have been warned.Some of the acheivements are a real challenge to get, and I enjoyed chasing down the level-specific ones (many that are hidden in unlockable fields that you have to defeat the vision fields to find). I only have five left, and am relentlessly trying to get them all... 1000 hours later."
76561198028539570,Recommended,296490,18793987,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Echofinger,"This is one of the best designed games ever. Are you a casual gamer? Hardcore gamer? Meticulous? Have 30 minutes to play? Have 30 hours to play? Do you like extraordinary challenges? Do you like achievements?GemCraft: Chasing Shadows can do ALL of the above, and YOU get to choose how you want to play.Slam a quick run for some exp or go all in and try to beat the endurance round, completely your choice.Buy it. Buy it now. Buy one for your friend as well! We need more games with this kind of variety and control."
,Recommended,296490,16643861,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,muh boi shingo,My favorite Tower Defense game that I play onarmorgames.comis on Steam? Why the hell that I shouldn't buy this game.P.S. Pls bring GemCraft Labyrinth availble on Steam too.
,Recommended,296490,26399332,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Bilazaurus,"With hundreds of hundreds tower defence games it's easy to get lost in tons of clones and mediocre titles. Looking at GemCraft's screenshots or even trailer, I've put it in ""No, thanks"" category. It looks like another generic, Adobe Flash based tower defence, and it's true. This painfully simple looking game has it's roots in flash, as it was released in web some time ago. What caught my attention were positive reviews of GemCraft. I bit the bullet and boy was I surprised!Quickly, you are enveloped in minimalistic but eerie and mystical atmosphere. Curious, slowly unfolding story and dark music made it complete. With that, you slowly get to know GemCrafts mechanics. As you progress, you'll be gradually realising how big of a game GemCraft is. Though gameplay rules aren't revolutionary, the amount of features is overwhelming.As the title says, you'll be crafting gems to defend yourself from incoming waves of monsters. That's simple, right? You'll receive a massive amount of gems that have different roles and characteristics. You'll have basic attack towers, enhancement towers and traps which you can upgrade. That's still simple and familiar. Now, here's the thing - you're free to combine and mix gems you want. You want to have highly damaging tower that also freezes enemies? Or maybe you want it to also poison and lower armour grade? Sure you can. Everything combination you can think of is possible. It's the core of the game - not only you have to decide where to place the towers, what gems to choose, how much to upgrade them but also mix them just right from your own recipe.And it gets better. Looking at the map in between missions you'll see how gigantic it is. Even more so, you can shape missions just like a mix your gems. As you level up, gradually unlocked game modifiers can drastically transform the mission so much that your previous, perfect tactics become completely uselss. Many skills and mods offer a high reward at a price of high risk. That breaths a new life in levels that you would normally tick off as completed. As a cherry on top of the cake there are secrets that are cryptical enough to keep your curious.That being said, GemCraft is a top notch tower defense game that despite poor initial impression will keep you playing for long. If you plan to highscore endurance levels, it will perhaps last a lifetime.Final score : 8/10The  good :- Ridiculous amount of gameplay- Great, dark atmosphere and music- Freedom to create your own tacticsThe bad :- Somewhat basic graphics- It will devour your free time and ask for more"
76561198130179525,Recommended,296490,15663312,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,🅰🅻🅻🅸🆂🅾️🅽,"Cool game. Lots of stuff to understand and when you do understand it, it becomes extremely satisfying watching all the enemies melt.And you get to feel like some artillery master wizard, which is awesome.Ya this game pretty good.  Surprising for a flash game."
76561198194481487,Recommended,296490,15694671,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,IvanYiu247,"This is the TD game. A nice blend of many different TD styles such as open path and defined path. It also has interesting features such as enraging to make your monsters stronger. You can beat through the game casually, or break through your limits by applying more difficult traits and entering endurance. Challenges are also available for hours of fun such as some difficult achievements, special puzzle-like stages and Iron Wizard Mode."
76561198145944365,Recommended,296490,23525482,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,YawninZombie,"Overall GemCraft - Chasing Shadows provides a relaxing, but not mindless, game experience. It is graphically pleasing and is not taxing on your computer's performance. The only negative I found while playing is that the tutorial is not very proficient at teaching the game, but the game is fairly easy to grasp anyway. Overall it is a solid game for the money asked."
76561198027276226,Recommended,296490,15709504,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,❤Melovia💕,"It's the PERFECT  tower defense game if not the best of its genre. For every kind of player casual to hardcore . For 10,99 CDN$ this game completely WORTH it. You have for AT LEAST 200-300 hours of gameplay if not even more. It will not be easy for most players to reach 100% of the achievements ( yes 419 achievements) because u need to put some time into the game for it and also the game itself is really hard farther u go .when i say casual to hardcore i mean by that u can play the normal game all the way or you can put some traits that will increase the difficulty for more XP. So its good for every1.Stop reading and just go play lolLots of replayabilities and Lots of replayabilities :)I would give it a 5 out of 5Sorry if my english was bad and i hope you will enjoy this gameMelovia"
,Recommended,296490,20471742,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Konargus,"Some questions for you.Do you like:- tower Defence games?- RPG elements? Such as: level upping, using skill points to enhance your powers, lower tower costs, etc.- to have a feeling of alchemy (combining different tower abilites into one)?- casual experience with an ability to advance into hardcore suffering (by your choice)?- unlock achievement to enhance your gameplay?- uncover an interesting story?Then what are you waiting for? BUY the game and have fun!"
,Recommended,296490,19543484,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,tieio,"Up until now I was too addicted to this game to come and write a review. Now I have written one, going back to play the game now. Most in depth tower defense game I have ever seen.One word: Addictive!"
,Recommended,296490,26795610,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,hun_bullseye,"Easy to learn, a bit harder to finish, insanely difficult to max out."
76561198053623100,Recommended,296490,15694962,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,LanguidJaguar,"If you've played Gemcraft Labyrinth on Armorgames, you know the general drill.If you don't, it's a tower defense game.  You place gems in towers and let them shoot monsters -- different types of gems have different effects (slowing, poison, multiple hits, etc).  You try to kill all of them before they reach your orb.Along the way, you accrue experience points in order to gain skill points that make you more effective.  As you progress through the game, you come across ""traits"" that you can use to make a battle harder in exchange for more xp.Pros:- Super addictive gameplay.- There are a lot (a /lot/) of maps to play and things to do.- Over four hundred achievements- User-defined difficulty.  I like this.  Overall, each battle is pretty easy, but you're given many, many tools to make them harder (in exchange for more xp)...but it's all at your own discretion.- The game progresses at a nice pace.  You can go back to a map that gave you trouble ten levels later and walk all over it, or try it again with more difficulty.Cons:- Can feel very grindy.  As stated, there are /a lot/ of levels.- Enemy scaling (in terms of health or armor) isn't visually apparent -- if your towers are one-shotting monsters now, it is not apparent when that will stop until it happens.- Optimizing the angering of waves still involves annoying mathematical calculationsShould you get this game?  You can play it for free onarmorgames.com(it has microtransactions there; the Steam version does not have any microtransactions) and test it out."
,Recommended,296490,31793542,Posted: 16 May,all,Mandelbrot1975,"As far as tower defense games goes, this is probably one of the best I've played. The original Defense Grid was pretty and the gameplay was entertaining but this one beats that for strategy and gameplay. Let's be clear, the graphics take a back seat to gameplay and challenge here. It's not that the game is ""ugly"" but the game is far from ""pretty"" too. Top down 2D with basic sprites for mobs and towers. Just want to get that out of the way.In every other way possible, this game is superior to other TD games. While the end-game is pretty cookie-cutter in how you design your defenses, early on you can get creative and just enjoy different ways to win each level. Admitedly, the game is a bit easy for the first 100-150 player levels but in order to unlock all the levels and get all the gems / challenges, it's quite the grind but in a good way. There are a wide vareity of level designs from the typical maze that is made for you and those you have to make yourself. Being able to power-up your gems and skills also adds a fun dynamic (although again for end-game it's very cookie cutter but that's not for everyone).I've put more than 100 hours into the game and I'm still not done. At player level 500, I have all but 2 or 3 maps completed (except the challenge maps) and all but 1 skill unlocked (red gem...I hate that level) but for those into TD games, this is a must have in your collection."
76561198030504179,Recommended,296490,19230574,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Giger,"Gemcraft CS is one of the best, if not the best, tower defense game on Steam. It is a straight to the point, massive re-playable game. Your role is to combine gems with varieties, in order to kill a specific monster wave count at every stage. There are two modes, a normal very adjustable one and a difficult, more fixed one.The breakthrough in my opinion is that the difficulty of every stage is adjustable to the players’ skill/likeness, by added traits in battle. As you gain levels and level up you get skill points to boost your skills and talisman fragments that raise your stats. Furthermore the enemy level and number is also adjustable, making the whole game suitable for any type of player, casual or hardcore. There are also a massive number of playing fields (some hidden, some as puzzle rewards).Great game overall, well crafted, balanced, with option giving gameplay."
,Recommended,296490,15690771,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Suttles,"One of the best tower defense games I've had the pleasure to experience throughout my life.I played them all, and all of them were masterpieces.  They are all free to play on various sites (Kongregate/Armorgames).  While this game may seem like a rather normal tower defense game, it's much more complex than others.You build a tower which has nothing in it.  For the tower to do anything, you must place gems.  These gems start off weak, but can be combined with other similar gems or different gems to create very complex gems with a ton of various stats.  There's no ""build bomb tower"" or ""build barracks tower"".  You instead have gems like ""Slow the enemy by x"" and ""Chain in X range"".  They start off weak, but get much stronger as you invest into them.  You have to figure out which gems and gem combinations work best.   You can also place your specialized gems in other towers by just swapping them around, as well as traps and support towers(gives buffs depending on gem).  The player even has the ability to create a gem and THROW it at the enemies, doing damage/effects equal to the gem you used.There are over 190 levels and each level can be customized (as you unlock the features by playing) to increase the difficulty, the wave amount, the amount of monsters, etc.  Each level feels different from the last, and it doesn't seem to ever get tiresome.  The game offers over 400 achievements, which while may not appealing to some, gives you skill points to spend on the various skills.   The skillpoints can be allocated in 25 various skills, all being able to be reset and toyed with at any time.  There is also an interesting ""talisman"" system which allows you to boost various things, sort of like rarer skill points.Why buy it on steam and not play it for free?The steam version comes with new levels, better graphics, full screen, steam cloud, and achievements.  While not much of a reason to buy it to some people, the game is easily one of the best tower defense games  and I'd recommend it to anyone who is a fan of genre."
76561197986543956,Recommended,296490,34633348,Posted: 31 August,all,BlueDragonXD,All I can say is GemCraft - Chasing Shadows is a must buy if you like Tower Defense. It's top notch fun and no tower Defense Game I have played has been as much fun and has offered this much customization and different way to play.Fun abilities to unlock and skills to get.This last comment is specifally for the creators. Please develop more games just like this & shutup and take my money.
,Recommended,296490,32843207,Posted: 26 June,all,ancientorange,"One of the best in tower defense. Given you can play for free in a browser (slightly different but fundamentally the same game), this is unlikely to be a regret in anyone's library."
,Recommended,296490,33171857,Posted: 3 July,all,OpalButterfly,This game is one of those infuriating / addictive puzzle strategy games if you have a certain kind of mind.Unfortunately I do . . .Good for 3am insomnia (as long as you don't throw the computer through the window)
76561198022751934,Recommended,296490,16902016,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Manabender,"Gemcraft is a unique specimen. Hailing from humble roots as a flash game, Gemcraft 2 is actually the 4th entry in the series, and every entry has been vastly better than the previous.Gemcraft is a tower defense game. But it's not your average tower defense game. Sure, you build towers, but the towers themselves don't defend you. That's what the gems do, which you put in said towers. Unlike traditional towers, gems can be moved around, modified, and even thrown as bombs. It makes for a refreshing experience in an otherwise quite stagnant genre.On top of that, Gemcraft is one of the only tower defense games I've seen with RPG elements, and this one has them in spades. From your humble beginnings as a level 1 wizard, you'll have trouble making gems that can deal more than 50 damage per hit. But, if you know what you're doing, you can easily reach 4-digit, and even 5-digit wizard levels, whereby you practically sneeze out million damage gems. It doesn't take too much effort -- if you know how -- to create gems that require scientific notation to express their damage. My current record -- which won't take long for me to beat -- is a gem which deals between 9.61e19 and 2.30e21 damage per hit, with an 80% chance to crit for x4.16e15 damage, and whose shot bounces around until it hits somewhere around a thousand enemies. Also, it can reach the entire map and fires 30 shots per second. Sound godly? It is, until roughly wave 500, where enemies start coming in with 1e40 HP, give or take.Gemcraft does have one problem, however; framerate lag. Once you have several gems with incredible chain-hit elements, thousands of monsters on screen, and the works, the game will slow down to single-digit framerates. This will happen regardless of your graphics settings, and even regardless of your computer. My computer is a beast that can run pretty much any modern game at max settings at 60 FPS, so it's definitely not just me. If you plan on doing insane endurance runs, be prepared for the slowdown."
76561198226714444,Recommended,296490,15644572,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,hexnessie,"Probably the best TD game I have ever played, and one of the best games overall. It's shiny! It's fun! It's engaging! The combination of the number of skills to develop, talisman pieces to use and upgrade, and gameplay tactics to use makes this game fun at every level, with strategies constantly changing as you level up and advance. It's not a game where higher difficulty means doing the same maps over and over again -- you will have to rethink the way you play, redesign your skill placement, look for new strategies...It was the very first free browser game EVER that I bought an expansion pack for, and I never regretted it. Got hundreds of hours of gamplay out of it, and now with the Steam version there's even more content. I joined Steam just to buy it."
76561197970639512,Recommended,296490,15653082,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Warlok,"Wow, what a deceptively great tower defense game.The screenshots show a somewhat bland top-down map, with some non-descript elements. It is only when you watch a gameplay video that you see a fluidity of animation that testifies to some measure of quality. And then, it is only after you have opened the main game up that you begin to grasp the immense scope of its long-term progression.An *extremely* clever game design. Simple to control, uncluttered, with very profound replayability over long periods, with long-term persistent skill & equipment unlocking/improvement. The game may be played for free on the website of the developer, but with ads; outright purchase to both squash those ads and to support the developer for such an excellent job is the way to go. Absolutely worth a try."
76561198034702288,Recommended,296490,32098040,Posted: 31 May,all,molicious13,Just look at my hours played. What else is there to say?
,Recommended,296490,26999012,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dr. Übermensch,"The classic from Armor Games now on Steam, with pouch included, what's not to like?"
,Recommended,296490,15716182,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Anomandaris Dragnipurake,"One of the best Tower Defence games ever. The basic idea (create gems and put them into your buildings to kill evil creatures) seems simple enough. But the many guides on beating certain fields or the best way to combine your gems, show how much depth and complexity this game brings to the table. While it might be a bit much for the casual gamer, especially the grind, Tower Defence enthusiasts should not miss this gem (ha!).Since Gemcraft originated as a Flashgame the resolution is not that high. The textures are beautiful, though, as are the animations. The eerie soundtrack is great and the sounds of your gems firing and monsters dying are top notch. The gameplay is intuitive and many hotkeys help keep your wrist intact.As others have mentioned in their reviews, Armorgames (and soon-ish Kongregate, too) offer the option to try Gemcraft: Chasing Shadows out for free, albeit with a reduced amount of features. On both pages there are also the three other entries in the series. Those might not be as refined, being the predecessors, but they offer hours upon hours of enjoyable TD action and some more insight into the story.Edit: Just fired it up after a long, long time of abstinence for the Autumn Sale Badge and it is still awesome."
,Recommended,296490,15711329,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,xs2007,"I usually don't play tower defense games alot, but Gemcraft is different.Gemcraft is all about gems (as the name suggests), their special abilities and their combination. While a classic tower defense game requires you to build and upgrade static towers, in Gemcraft the only static part you will place, are sockets for gems (two entirely different socket types are available). And costs for sockets will become neglectable in the later game. The gem placed in a socket again does all the shooting and killing monsters. This gives the incredible advantage to combine and relocate shooting power at will.Gemcraft - Chasing Shadows is part of the Gemcraft series, which can be found on Armor Games. I spent nights over nights and countless hours playing Gemcraft Labyrinth. I also dislike in-game purchases, so the Steam release, which delivers the full game (and more) for a one time purchase, is really awesome.One interesting thing about Gemcraft is, that everything works exponentially. If you have a thing for numbers, you'll probably love this. For example a grade 2 gem features roughly twice the power of a grade 1 gem and a grade 3 gem twice the power of a grade 2 gem and so on. Costs also increase at the same rate and enemy strength does as well. So in lategame you will find yourself surrounded by very interesting looking numbers. :)Besides the main tower defense action, Gemcraft features a variety to improve yourself like skill points, which will provide most advantage when precisely balanced between skills and unspent points, or talisman fragments, which feature a random loot and enhancing system. It's also possible to make the game harder. Alot harder. Just add your favourite battle traits to the battle.Further than that there are also countless other features, like gem bombing, dwellings, monster nests, mana pool management, shrines, apparations, and more.All together there is little I can not recommend in this game.Go, play this game now, it's awesome!"
76561198053874177,Recommended,296490,28841713,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,MTB-Fritz,"I purchased this game without knowing anything about it. It was on a 80% off sale sit piqued my interest and as several of my friends had it I gave it a shot. I give thisgame a 10/10 for its design, polish and addictive gameplay and would dare to say itsworth even full prize.CONTENTI spent several hours already and even tho its always the same (protect your orb andkill off any critters before they can reach you) theres a ton of diversity in form ofgems, skills, map types, special challenges, tasks etc etc. I didnt yet uncover thewhole map or unlock every skill or tower or gem but so far I m busy whenever I findthe time to log in. It shows that this game isnt ""new"" as it got additional contenten masse over time and being faced with all of it now is kinda overwhelming but alsovery exciting as I realize I ll play this for a looooooooooong time.THE GOALYou ll be thrown into a maze with 1 orb at the end and 1 or multiple entries forcritters. Sometimes the map also has Monster spawners in them including even morecritters per wave. Each map has a pre-defined number of waves coming at you andalso pre-determined critter strenghts. Each passing second will contribute you withmana, killing a critter adds yet more mana and of course there are other means totap mana (environmental, gems, shrines). You use that mana in order to build stuff,create gems or upgrade existing gems. You can also just let it collect which enablesyou to increase your ""mana level"" representing your ""interest"" known from other games.Basically the more interest you can accumulate the higher the bonuses you ll get sothe game ""taunts"" you with trying to beat the map with the least necessary toolsforcing you to keep trying new combinations in order to maximize your result.TOWERSI call em towers but in reality these only represent the bases of your mazes (hey,that rhymed). Things like a tower foundation or trap foundation or boosterfoundations. All of these dont do anything on their own but require gems placed intothem in order to damage critters.GEMSThere is a whole list of different gems with different attributes. Some damage, othersdebuff or buff. You dont have access to all of them at all times. The map you playdecides which gem types are available to you. Gems can be placed or upgraded as PUREwhich means their attribute is especially strong or you can combine different colorsof gems in order to combine their attributes. This means that both attributes becomeweaker then in a pure gem but the obvious advantage is that you now use 2 attributesat the same time. You can combine as many as 4 different colors in a single gem.Using multi-colored gems will increase their upgrade cost as well. Theres a wholesegment of theory crafting behind the combination of gems. I didnt get all of it yetbut I realize it supports rather INSANE combos which enables you to push  your resultsinto incredible heights.SKILLS and TALISMANSThese represent a kind of progression curve for you. Skill points are mostly dependanton your level (each level grants you a certain number of points and also certain featsand tasks in the game do the same) and let you ""purchase"" bonuses in certain areas.Maybe you d like to get more mana per kill or make certain types of gems stronger?There are 25 skills to chose from and each one can be upgraded ""unknown"" times (myhighest so far is 15 and I dont think it ends there anytime soon). In addition unspentskill points increase your starting mana so again you are faced with hard decisions asbeing able to create and place strong gems before the first wave appears can representeasy-mode. You can reset your skills and redistribute your skills at any time allowingyou to micro-manage for specific maps.Talismans on the other hand are fueled by shadow cores and these are aquired bydefeating enemies in general and certain critter types. Before you can use shadow coresyou gonna need talismans and getting them is kind of a lottery thing. Theres a wholelist of different types at different rarities. You have a ""wheel"" of amulettes enablingyou to place a finite amount of them so replacing or keeping them in stock is a goodidea later on once you start to ""optimize"" your amulets for the maps you run. The onesI used so far only have minor bonuses (up to +9% on certain things) but I havent foundany higher rarity ones yet. You can use your shadow cores to boost the rarity chance ofany talismans as well.MAPSMaps are unique in design and each one of them has a specific list of gems it allows touse. That doesnt mean you have access to all of them at the start as certain gem typesneed to be unlocked first before you can use them.""Mazing"" is a critical thing insidemaps which you accomplish by placing walls in a pattern to force critters to take alonger route or come by certain spots multiple times in order to increase your possiblekill time or make your placed gems more valuable (by being able to attack passing mattersmore then once with the same gem). Many maps also have structures or other specialswhich represent additional challenges. This could be mana wells, monster dens, shrines,spectres and (probably) many more (those are the only ones I had so far).ENDGAMEI m still busy unlocking stuff so probably havent seen half of everything but I spottedthe ""Endurance mode"" already which is activatable whenever you beat a map and represents""open mode"". Probably not ""open"" as they have a finite number of waves but the ones Isampled so far ramp up so quickly in difficulty that I gonna need a lot more levels,skills and resources in general to get em done. I read that some of them require""multiple hours"" to complete so looking forward to the fun. At the moment my wizard isto weak and cannot beat more then a couple waves in endurance mode before he gets overrun.There are not really any ""hard limits"" on stuff like in other TD games where you can upgradeyour towers a finite number of times before you reach the ""max"". I ve seen videos withincredible gem levels, wizard levels and overall numbers shown on the screen rivaling a T13rift run in Diablo3 (sorry). None of these can be reached with simply beating a map. Yougonna need certain wizard levels, certain skill levels, certaon talisman set-ups andcertain gem combinations in order to unlock them. Its the carrot which pushes you evenfurther. I know I ll be there eventually myself but first I need to unlock all the requiredskills, farm more shadow cores, get more skill points etc etc in order to be prepared.You dont start a new map completely at zero. All the shadow cores, skill points, skillsand talismans you aquire beforehand are at your disposal and stay with you in betweenmaps making your wizard stronger the longer and more you play. I love this ""nurturing""of a character of mine and seeing myself become stronger over timeAnother strong point for the game is that unlike other TD games you can use multiplestrategies to beat a map. There are certain set-ups which allow you optimal results andthese get fine-tuned all the time by hard-core players going after the elusive high-score(each map saves your highest score as a taunt for you to beat) but you have a lot more leewayto beat maps ""regulary"" giving you a lot of freedom and choice.UNKNOWN STUFFI stumbled across things like a ""compass"" which I can manipulate but dont have a clue whatto do with yet. Combining stuff also is obvious at first but there are detals to it thatwill be hidden to you until you start to experiment around. I havent seen half the maps yetbut many hold extra challenges which force you to think about what you do and WHEN to do it.The game seems to evolve constantly and doesnt remain static. It fascinates me and hours keepgoing by at an alarming rate.I dont regret buying this game and recommend it 100%"
,Recommended,296490,28172194,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,twastehsquirrel,"Played the Gemcraft series since the first came out as a flash game and have never been disappointed. Having never been a fan of tower defense games, I am floored by how amazing this game is. With several difficulties, modifiers, and content, the replay value of the game is astounding. A perfect 5/7."
,Recommended,296490,26020371,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,DrGilion,This game is pretty much the king of tower defense games.You won't find any game as good as Gemcraft in this genre. I guarantee it!
76561198018467185,Recommended,296490,25060377,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Grax,"One of the best entries I've seen in the tower defense genre. Excellent game, highly recommend."
,Recommended,296490,15632185,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Fradul,"I have played every TD game in the series on the flash site. Labyrinth and Chasing shadows are by far my favorites. These are timeless TD games and exemplify what a TD game should be as far as complexity, scalability and replayability."
,Recommended,296490,15676838,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,DarkShadowJ: Carnage Prinny God,"One of the best (if not the best) Tower Defense game ever. I don't have much else to say.well, thats a lie i have a lot to say about how much i like this series, since i have played all 4 installments.This installment is the best so far, content wise and everything else. (though the constant re-shuffling of gem color specials from each installment can get confusing).The fact that you don't get access to all the skills (and need certain wizard levels to improve) but need to find the skills first is my favorite change. And if you thought the game was easy theres also the ""iron wizard"" mode which makes this game a real test of skillI personally don't have any real issues with it (except with some of the ""vision fields"")Definitely a must have for those who love tower defense games"
76561197962319490,Recommended,296490,15627705,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,ggsnake,"Now that I've spend some more time with the game, it's time to write an extended review.Don't mistake this title for your standard tower defense game that is fun for a few hours and then you've seen every gameplay aspect. No, this game is quite on the contrary. The gameplay mechanics offer sheer endless possibilites.There are 9 distinct gems, each one having a different special. These gems can be put in towers (mostly damage), traps (mostly special effect), and amplifiers (buff adjacent towers or traps). You can also combine gems of different types and upgrade them. Instead of placing gems in towers or traps you can also throw them directly on the monsters for massive damage or buff the next minion, receiving even more mana and experience when killing them. You can call waves early, decide to save your mana for some seconds to gain increased mana regeneration, build walls to control the movement path of the monsters. There are different spells to cast and objects on the map to interact with.Am I done yet? No, I've hardly listed half of the gameplay elements. The rest is for you to discover in the game!Pro:- Gameplay mechanics- Replayability- Different play styles and tactics for levels- Customize the level difficulty in different ways- Hours and hours of fun (there is no real ending in this game, you can always level and improve some more)- Dark, moody atmosphere and story. I liked it a lot.Con:- Graphics are for the most part not HD, especially the land tiles may seem rather blurry / rough.- Complex game mechanics may be overwhelming for new players (but hey, is this really a con?)- Game slows down when a lot of action is going on, even on high end pcs. There are a lot of options to improve performance in the menu though, including a setting to automatically reduce graphic settings temporarily when the framerate drops.Conclusion:This game is a must-buy for all tower defense fans, and even if you're new to the genre or don't like it in general, you should give it a try. You won't regret it!"
,Recommended,296490,24479172,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Mitch8128,"the best tower defence game out, so happy to hear its out on steam"
,Recommended,296490,25416304,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,armlegx,Bought on a whim and have been playing non stop.
,Recommended,296490,15708684,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,KuromiAK,"Don't let the cheap price and lame screenshots trick you! GemCraft is the most maturely implemented tower defense game I have ever played. It is a game combining RPG and TD, and offers endless possibility and depth for a player to explore.A must have for every gamer who likes the tower defense genre."
,Recommended,296490,16576594,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,tstki,"Play this game.If you like ""tower defence"", this is the gem you are looking for.I've played a good few dozen TD games and out of them all, this is the one that keeps pulling me back."
,Recommended,296490,15643145,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Soulcatcher,"Do you like Tower Defense games?If your answer is yes, buy this game. There is no better TD game than GemCraft. You will be satisfied,Peter, thanks for having this game on steam. I got your pouch, and 100's of hours already, Time for a fresh start.Buy. This. Game.EDIT;Have you bought it yet, and decided it was the best TD out there? No? Shame on you.I wanted to add that this game even lets you decrease the range of your gems. The control you have over your towers/gems is incredible. Many target options, placement options. You have 100's of achievements, you have dozens upon dozens of levels to play and re-play and re-play yet again without it ever becoming a chore."
,Recommended,296490,17076297,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,baja gaijin,"I'm writing this at 7AM because I stayed up all night finishing the game. How good do YOU think that makes this?(quite, it's quite good and worst case even if you suck a little tweaking or running a slightly easier stage can help you out, but it's not a GRIND TO WIN, ONLY WAY style of tower defense)"
,Recommended,296490,26808403,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SmugLookingBarrel,"As far as Tower Defense games go, this is definitely the one that embodies all that and a bag of chips.And a milkshake.And its super-sized.And it has chicken nuggets.And endless soda refills.And its strange that I'm making these refrences cause I rarely eat take-outs.(Point is, its a very well done, massive, nigh-on-endless TD, and if you love the genre, you should give it a go.)"
76561197973046471,Recommended,296490,15700147,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Brilhasti,Not the most graphically impressive game but excellent game play. Definitely worth picking up if you like the Tower Defense genre.
76561198025496346,Recommended,296490,30128550,Posted: 23 February,all,Wasabi Snooter,I loved this on Kongregate and I love it here. One of the best tower defense games out there.
76561198004624039,Recommended,296490,32843856,Posted: 26 June,all,LivingIsFatal,"The most in depth tower defense game I have ever seen.  Gems are the weapons placed in towers or in traps on the ground.Different gems have different effects.  Tons of levels, some very challenging.  Level up and spend points on skills as they are unlocked by progressing.  Find talisman pieces, level them up, and build a custom talisman.  Also has spells that you can cast (and level up).  There seems to be a ton of game left after 20 hours but I am short on time."
76561198129935682,Recommended,296490,16997311,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,BlackMail27,"Ive been playing Gemcraft since the beginning, and it gets better everytime. Every game there is something new to use. The spells are a nice addition and the Talisman system are brilliant. My only issue is that i keep setting the difficulty too high and then getting myself butchered. This game does use up alot of time to play, (especially if you play endurance) so only dedicated TD/Stragedy gamers should play this."
,Recommended,296490,16528548,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,imelman,"This game was originally released in 2014,where it was on ArmorGames(the same company that released it here)and the series began in old 2009. This one is simillar to the flash version,but very different: Notably it has more maps,monsters,towers,powers and other extra features not present in flash version. At same time,it got released on Kongregate,being efficently no-longer ArmorGames exclusive.For the gameplay,its plays almost like older generations of the series,but with many imporovments: New traps and enemies,completly overhauled maps,new gems to combine and spells as well.The campaign is more extended version of the flash one,and its alot better and sastifying.It has enough content to sastify for hours. I didn't regret it."
,Recommended,296490,15706863,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Pepasone,"Excellent game, very well polished. The BEST tower defense game there is, no doubt. Think you've got the best gem, think again.It does suffer from what other endless defense games suffer from (bloons tower defense, I am looking at you), where your computer slows down to like 1 fps because there is so much processing going on.If you like Defense games, buy this."
,Recommended,296490,15710136,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Anbergino,"The game that essentially took the cake with the genre has finally come to Steam! So I will admit, I've been a major fan of Game In A Bottle's games for many years now, the first Gemcraft was probably the first one to really drag me in. The quality of the work put into this game and the pure strategic thinking required are incredible! This game is worth every cent they're asking for, and more. If you're not sure about it, give the flash version of the game a shot to see if you like it, but know that you're likely going to love what you see :)"
,Recommended,296490,16623947,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Zero,Best tower defense I've ever played. You'll sometimes even forget it's a tower defense with all of the crafting combinations for gems. Lots of gameplay and replayability for you to enjoy. The only down side to it is it's repeditiveness in later levels and lack of a true ending.
,Recommended,296490,28724048,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,SuperCraig64,"This is one of those games I find it hard to recommend to many people. However for a Tower Defense game, GemCraft - Chasing Shadows is pretty great.I won't be discussing the plot of the series, but I will say there are four games in the series so far. The first three being flash games: Chapter One: The Forgotten, Chapter Zero: The Gem of Eternity, Lost Chapter: Labyrinth, and finally Chapter 2: Chasing Shadows.The gameplay is very much of what you expect of a Tower Defense game. Place some towers, set up defenses, and don't let the monsters get to your base. However it isn't bright and colorful in this world. Everything is grim, dark, and depressing. After all, the world is much of a wasteland with those monsters around.Your main line of defense is gems. Yes, gems. These are your ""defense units"" of the game. There are a total of 9 colors of gems in the game, each with their unqiue own effects (note that Lime from Labyrinth is removed and White and Black are added).Besides being able to build towers, you are able to build walls, amplifiers (which are towers that power other towers..but they need a gem equipped to be used), and traps (which focus on effects more than damage)...I'd go on to cover the rest of the gameplay, but I'd run out of space by the time I do so. Plus there's an in-game tutorial feature that helps you learn over time about almost everything gameplay wise.The presentation as I said before is dark and depressing. However I did not mention how..enchanting the music is. It's hard to explain, but there's just something about the soundtrack that I really enjoy. While we're talking about presentation, the game obviously looks better than the first three games due to it not being limited as a flash game this time around. Heck, I can say it runs better as well.Overall, I do enjoy GemCraft - Chasing Shadows. Now there's one thing I lacked to mention. The game isverygrind heavy. You'll end up grinding and backtracking to various levels to level up, just to be able to take on new levels, or possibly just to unlock something you missed before such as a Skill Tome or Battle Trait. There is also the overabundance of achievements, 419 to be specific. Most of which are simple, but eventually it will be difficult or possibly time wasting. There is also the ""Iron Wizard"" mode that can be unlocked. Meaning, you guessed it, this grind heavy game just got harder. Also there's a single achievement tied to it. ""Good luck.""If you're a ""Completionist"" or happen to be a casual player, you're better off turning back now as this is a long game. Averylong game. However if you're looking for something to spend your time on, and don't mind the repetitive grinding, I may as well recommend this game to ya. The full price of $9.99 isn't that bad, especially looking at how much playtime you get off of it."
,Recommended,296490,29953916,Posted: 15 February,all,metal2core,Love this game! I used to play it all the time when it was a flash game and then I randomly found it on here and basically pooped on myself.
,Recommended,296490,18438454,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,ashley.moore0811,"I'd say it's the best Gemcraft game to date. Runs flawlessly on PC, unless you have several hundred monsters on the screen at once. It's occasionally frustrating because of sharp difficulty curves, but these can be overcome and so they don't take that much away from it. An 8.5/10"
76561198044443804,Recommended,296490,16608401,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,SkyKing,"The definitive tower defense game. If you link grinding tower defense, this is an absolute must. It starts off slow and the snowballs as you unlock skills and skill points. It builds on GC: Labyrinth in a variety of positive ways which includes more unique map designs, set-piece levels, and even more focus on the story. It's not the deepest, doesn't have the best story, or the best graphics, but it is for sure a ton of fun."
,Recommended,296490,20274691,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Bonkey,"Ah, GemCraft. I am glad to have added you to my library.This game ruined my exams in IT as I never did any work and just played this. I hate it.BUT IT'S JUST TO GOOD NOT TO PLAY!!!!!If you want to ruin your life in IT then buy this game. Trust me, it did me wonders."
76561198002794272,Recommended,296490,15636053,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,GoJuRyuDo,Best browser TD u can find. For those who dont know the GemCraft series u can check the free versions at armorgame.
76561197994392398,Recommended,296490,32743345,Posted: 24 June,all,Rutabaga,After 3 hours I can already tell that this might be the best TD I have ever played.
76561198023047007,Recommended,296490,29589921,Posted: 30 January,all,Magnet,Managem:1) O2+O1x5+O2+O2B12) O2+O1R1+B1+B23) B2+B1x4+B24) O2+B1+B21+2 => 123+4 => 3412+34 => Final managemKillgem:1) B2+B1x2+B2x2 +B2B12) B1R1+Y1+B1+B2B13) Y2+Y1x2+Y1B1+Y1B1B1+Y1B1B1B21+2+3 => Final KillgemWin.
76561197970272384,Not Recommended,296490,20925281,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,sean,"On its face it's probably one of the best tower defense games out there. But there's a point in the game where you go from having nothing to having everything (and beyond) and the challenge fades away.Once you ""get"" how to really play this game, it becomes very repetitive and unchallenging. Certain gem combinations mean easy access to literally billions of EXP. I played this game from level 1 to 130 without using these especially deadly/plentiful gem combos, but as soon as I found them, I went from level 130 to 2200 in a matter of days playing pretty casually (I left the game open, so my hours plays doesn't really mean anything).Also, because this game is built on Flash, it runs very poorly on even the best of setups – the problem being thousands and thousands of monsters on-screen at the same time. When every wave has 999 monsters coming and you're sending them in advance at the highest of speeds (which you'll have to do, since you'll be pretty bored watching everything die), the frames hover around 10 fps for me. It doesn't matter that much because I'm not doing anything besides upgrading gems (to 45+) and enraging waves (which includes repeatedly clicking everything... also boring).It's almost as if people figured out how to exploit this game and then the developers sort of went along with it. If this is actually what happened, good for them for adapting how their players ""game"" the game, but in reality, it just doesn't work that well."
,Recommended,296490,15695540,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Warmonger,"This is amaziing tower defense classic. Gameplay is addictive and pretty much infinite, don't launch it if you have life :)"
,Recommended,296490,25475795,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,alrecenk,"This game is super grindy and totally unbalanced, and I thoroughly enjoyed every minute of it. It's like the old flash tower defence games of yesteryear but polished and enormous. If you want the feeling of figuring out the optimal cheap strategy of a random web TD but for 40 hours with nice graphics then this is your game."
,Recommended,296490,20514698,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,NorthStar,"It may not look like much on the surface, but this game is a diamond in the rough...GET IT?!?!! HAR HAR*ahem* Anyway, this is a ridiculously good tower defense. I thought Defense Grid was good, but this pretty much blows it away. I can't really put my finger on any one thing that makes it so good; it's just fun. There are a lot of decisions to be made not just in your defense build, but also in between missions with skills, talisman slots, traits, etc. Plenty of content and depth here. I also really like that you can seamlessly transition from any mission into the endless mode. If you're having fun with your build on a particular map or the layout of the map itself, you can continue playing on it in endless and just see how much XP you can rack up. About the only thing I would wish for is that the different gem types had more distinctive visual effects, instead of just different colors of the little bolts, but that's a pretty minor gripe. Bottom line, if you enjoy tower defense, you really can't beat this game, especially for the price."
,Recommended,296490,25578068,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,roxxkatt,"been playing this since it was first on newgrounds 10 years ago, and with each iteration the series gets a new and interesting aspect.what is most notable about this series is that there is no single strategy to win, as the gameplay is mainly chosen by the user.this particular volume seems like endless gameplay; been playing it for ages and still no end in sight."
,Recommended,296490,20258975,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,FanA.-,"When I was a child, I played lots of flash games on the internetet (like most of us, duh...). The GemCraft sequel was one of my favourite games and I really like tower defense games in general. I haven't heard about this episode before I bought it, but when I saw it and realised, that it's -80% OFF, I had to buy it! >_<At the end of the day, the game didn't make any bad impression (as I expected from the game) and I really enjoy playing every minute of it."
76561198076793661,Recommended,296490,18132772,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,King Quasar,"I'm writing this late review out of gratitude to the developer and because I believe this game deserves another positive review. This game is THE defining Tower Defense game. Every other I've played has come nowhere to the enjoyment I felt playing this.You want replayability? The game essentially never ends. You can beat the final map but you can always do better, or unlock new maps. Or replay older maps to beat it at a higher difficulty to level up.You want customisation? This game has it. Lots of it. Play the game how YOU want, how YOU would enjoy it. Sure, at high level there are common strategies used by most but the game lets you choose alternative ways if you care more about having fun than constantly beating your past exp score.And speaking of fun, yes, this game has all of it.My one criticism is - believe it or not - that this game is TOO good. I worry that the sequel (and there WILL be a sequel to this amazing game) won't have anywhere near the amount to expand and improve upon that this one did. But I should really have more faith in the developer than that, as they have proved how much of a good game they can already make."
,Recommended,296490,20777241,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,mjschal,Pro: as if Cookie Clicker was a Tower Defense game with great visual designCon: as if Cookie Clicker was a Tower Defense game with great visual design
,Recommended,296490,26381320,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,gg unit,"Epic Tower Defense. Wildly customizeable. So many goals and levels.Graphics are meh, not an attempt to reinvent the genre, IS the genre.Good sale grab."
76561197985416144,Recommended,296490,26103719,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Miraculous Ladybug 🐙,I had to uninstall this game to stop playing it.
,Recommended,296490,15721895,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,LiquidxAngel,"This series single-handedly ruined every other TD game out there for me.I never understood why it took them so long to get it on Steam but ... I couldn't get my copy fast enough.The entire Gemcraft series is amazing.  I've been playing them for years on Armor Games and Kongregate.  Great for both beginners and veterans to the genre, there's something here for everyone.  Truly.I rarely pay full price for games but this is one of those ""MUST HAVE"" titles and not single penny of it paid goes undeserved."
,Recommended,296490,15717398,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,sweda,"This is just about the Best Tower Defense game there is. Nothing special here. :DIt is maybe comparable in quality with Kingdom Rush, but (much) more complex, and way darker in style. I know no other relevant tower defense game to compare with.You defend yourself on many stages (levels, maps) against waves of bug-like monsters coming through predefined (but not limited) path to your wizard core. Your defense consist of firing towers along the path you can equip with different types of gems. These gems define what kind of attack shot will tower use (for example slowing, poison, chain, mana steal), and gem types can be combined together. You buy towers and gems for mana that is slowly replenishing by itself, but mostly you gain it from killing monsters. Funny twist is that your wizard core can ""banish"" monsters reaching it in exchange for some of your mana burning up, if you have enough of it (and there are ways to decrease banishment cost). You usually lose a stage when your core is reached by a monster and you have no mana left for banishment at the same time. And this is just core mechanics.But did you know, that on stages you can also: use gems as one shot bombs alone or to activate powerful shrines, build power amplifiers for gem towers, use several special skills and spells to curse monsters or enhance gem tower damage, collect special rewards from destructible buildings, boost your mana pool from harvesting mana shards, kill mysterious apparitions for more rewards?And if it is not too much for you yet, there is campaign map, where you progress through stages and explore new areas, there are exp and levels that contribute to your skill points, and there are talismans you can equip for various bonuses ingame.And surprisingly it is not complicated game to play. If you wish to play brutally simply you can. And if you feel like you are up for challenge, you can try to use all of your options at the same time.To sum it up:+ Solid but original and complex tower defense+ Control over many aspects of game difficulty, before starting and during battle, so you can push your limits+ Nine gem types to combine, several meaningful skills and spells, talisman system bonuses, over 400 achievements+ Background storyline about wizards, forgotten evil and lost rituals+ ""Dark-themed"" visual style and storyline are nice contrast to some ""lightly"" taken TD games+- There are many, many stages to beat+- You can reach ridiculous wizard levels if you are dedicated enough- Lets face it, it gets repetitive after some time- No gamma correction means less visible details, unless you brighten your display settings- There are some disbalancing, yet not game breaking mechanics, especially on higher levelsFinal conclusion:Strongly recommend this game!"
,Recommended,296490,28549585,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,KnightFury,"This is a game for those who can be patient and don't mind learning gem combos and farming tactics.Endurance mode really is endurance, some games can take up to 30-40 hours to complete due to the insane amount of lag that happens with all the monsters on screen. The real downer for the game, written in Flash. Hoping the next chapter isn't in Flash and plays a bit better.I recommend this game if you enjoy Tower Defenses and a bit of a story. Don't play the hardcore end game if you don't enjoy spending hours and hours of low frame rate and lag to boost your level."
,Recommended,296490,26560977,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,lesher,"Played the original gemcraft game on flash sites like newgrounds and armor games, and this version isn't any different in terms of quality. It's great!"
,Recommended,296490,26492106,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,allen911007,"one of the best TD game on steam. if you like td, you must try gemcraft."
76561197969280883,Recommended,296490,34727561,Posted: 3 September,all,Argarion,Amazing amount of customizing for towers.  Starts off very easy but quickly gets the option to increase the difficulty for greater rewards.  One of the best tower defense games I'v eplayed.
76561198028169691,Recommended,296490,29688893,Posted: 4 February,all,CaptainValue,"One of the best tower defense games, no question. The start will be a bit meh if you haven't played this series before, but stick with the game for a while and it'll be easy to see why it's fun.Main attraction of this game is the surprising complexity it can provide (and min-maxing), which will provide lots of extra playtime. Once you get your mana past the trillion point, you've entered the mid game."
76561198045471460,Recommended,296490,17773993,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,iEatwe,I have to admit this is one of the best unique tower defense games I've seen. This game looks extremely well made with many different ablities and combinations to make. I have to say this game and BTD 5 are my top favorite games. It will take awhile to beat and master. It may look like an old style game but don't let that fool you. You'll be taken off by surprise.
76561198027238889,Recommended,296490,15629859,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Tevias,"Hi there!Do you like Tower Defense Games? Well, then you are at the right spot! GemCraft - Chasing Shadows is one of the most brilliant TDG!The story never fails to amaze me even though i have already played it as browser version.I am still frightened when the shadows shoo over the map whispering creepy noises. And yes you will get startled at some point.The storyline is narrated by book pages you find on your adventure telling you what is happening. Also an overview about the former series of Gemcraft is given by summing the whole plot up.As a beginner one gets used to the mechanics really fast. During the first levels many hints are given bit by bit so you dont get overwhelmed by the information. Anyway the lategame is still challenging due to the ""Endurance Mode"" which causes monster to spawn endlessly giving you a hard time but also lots of XP!Each wizard level grants several skill points which can be distributed into many different skills improving for example your  gem damage or reducing the charge time of your spells.Moreover during the stages talisman fragments are dropped which award even more bonus stats!Gemcraft has a distinctive achievment system with up to 419 achievments! They can also grant up to 3skill points giving you another goal to achieve!The stages are beautiful and challenging designed. On every map you have to think of a strategy before starting the first wave. Will you use traps or towers? Maybe both? Is there a way to stretch the monsters way by building mazes? Which one the 9 different gems will you use?If you get stuck just replay some stages at higher difficulty to get even bettter rewards!Overall i highly recommend GemCraft - Chasing Shadows! It sums up an amazing story, difficult stages and awesome mechanics!Greetings, Tevias"
,Recommended,296490,16345321,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,nerdfury,"I'm a Tower Defense fan and I'm really glad I picked up Gemcraft. Sure, some of its graphics aren't HD and look a little bit shoddy, but I don't mind at all as the actual mechanics are excellent. The use of traps, various spells, gem bombs, gem specialization and the different ways you can approach a certain map/level (e.g. by the use of traits) make the game so much more than just regular ol' Tower Defense where you build a maze for monsters to walk through and occasionally cast a fireball or something.While you are expected to replay maps in order to level up, I don't feel like it's too ""grindy"" because different difficulty levels and traits keep each map playthrough interesting and fresh.My minor annoyances with the game are interface/accessibility based (i.e. no ability to rebind hotkeys).I'm almost at 40 hours and I don't even think I'm half-way through the game yet. I can't stress enough how cost-efficient Gemcraft is for $10. Overall, I'm just super happy with my purchase. I would recommend Gemcraft to any Strategy fan who doesn't mind pixelated graphics, even if they're new to Tower Defense games. Although the game is complex, I don't believe that it's too complex for those new to Tower Defense (the tutorial book inside the game is excellent).There's a free web-based version of Gemcraft also available onhttp://www.armorgames.com. To view the differences between the Steam version and the free web-based version, read this:http://steamcommunity.com/games/296490/announcements/detail/218766097301703024On a final note, you might have heard of Kingdom Rush and/or Plants Vs. Zombies, two other popular tower defense games also on Steam. Both games are high-quality and extremely polished in the sound and audio department, but I personally think Gemcraft's actual gameplay is far more robust, challenging, and engaging."
,Recommended,296490,15631515,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Robert_DG,Mine all mine :D without a doubt the best tower defence game out there and iv played alot of them.10/10
,Recommended,296490,15672128,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Gorim,"Pros:Solid, clear mechanics,Good looking game, despite the simple graphicsInteresting in-level reward structure which makes good plays easy, but optimal plays hard.Easily customisable difficulty, allowing you to set the challenge at a comfortable level.Lots of replayability, due to out-of-level progress, and high customisability.Cons:Unclear if gems vary in attack speed, they don't seem to, but not sure why not, leading to unclear strategies against swarmers (other than, more towers)Base game seems a little easy.Starting progress seems a bit slow, a lot of mechanics haven't even come in yet where I'm at.Disclaimer: Only played for 2 hours at this point.Conclusion: Seems a pretty solid TD, definitely one of my favourites."
,Recommended,296490,20484776,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Byder,"It's a great tower defense that will keep you playing for many hours. However, after 25-30 hours the game loses nearly all of its depth as certain gem combinations (which are available for all levels from a certain point onwards) are way too powerful. In the end only a few real challenges remain while the rest of the game drowns in meaningless repetition."
,Recommended,296490,15669121,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,PinkiePie~*,"I've played different versions of this game on armorgames, and I have yet to find another tower defense game I like better. And it's so much more than just a tower defense. You control where you want towers, traps, walls etc. You upgrade skills, upgrade talisman, earn higher Wizard level. You explore the map, with many many different fields. Learn to craft awesome efficient gems. And have loads of fun doing it, +++. I could go on forever. Just buy the game already!"
,Recommended,296490,24472711,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,HEALTH AND SAFETY OFFICER,"I remember playing this game in a browser on some dotcom. It is still as fun and way more refined. lots or areas to unlock, apparantly thousands of levels to earn for your avatar. If you want to play a wave tower defense game this would be a good jam for you to relax or not :)"
,Recommended,296490,15672738,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,yerich,"The definitive GemCraft. Deep, detailed, strategic and fun tower defense. I generally don't play casual games, but I make an exception for GemCraft."
,Recommended,296490,22275968,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,h0rst aber herzlich,"I was introduced to GemCraft while it was a ""simple"" Flash-Game (the first one) a few years ago (damn i'm old) . And i loved it. I was pretty excited when i saw that it was going to be released on Steam.This game is still one of the BEST Tower-Defense-Games out there (still love you a little more @DefenseGrid). While you play it ""the normal way"", it's a lot of fun. However, if you take it ""to the next level"" [ie. Enraging lots of waves, Manafarming, Slowing-Gems etc] it becomes nearly unplayable because of performance.With a few thousand enemys (8k - 30k) on screen, it's more like a slideshow with around 1-3 FPS (even with the lowest settings). The worst thing about this fact is:I'm addicted to this game.I want more... much more... much much more...Wait! Gotta play some more..."
,Recommended,296490,17063793,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Titan,One of the most longest and complexity tower defense game. You will surely spent hundreds of hours to  get all achievements.
,Recommended,296490,17547000,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,⎛⎝xXZombi_PandaXx⎠⎞,"GemCraft is possibly the ultimate tower defense game I've ever experienced. I only a few hours in and I can't stop playing. If your a big fan of TD games then GemCraft is the right game for you. Once you learn how to play, I swear you'll fall in love with it like I have. I plan on putting countless hours into this game to obtain everything there is to offer. GemCraft is a game that should be given a try."
,Recommended,296490,31550495,Posted: 4 May,all,Vante,"A pretty standard tower defense, but there is a lot of game to be had here. Hundreds of levels, each with multiple modes and difficulties, leaves you with quite a bit of gameplay to scratch that itch. Of course once you figure out an optimal strategy, every level just devolves to executing. The ability to 'level up' and combine gems is interesting. levelling up a Global skill tree also adds some interesting choices."
76561198134075710,Recommended,296490,22907624,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,ukgamer101,"I got this game either on sale or via coupon, I forget which.Thought it might be an interesting little game to try, worth a quick look.Was I wrong...... This is a superb little game .This was my first look at a tower defence game and I was really pleasantly surprised.Gameplay is good, different levels require very different tactics, and you can ramp up the difficulty on individual levels by setting battle traits.I have purchased a couple of more games of this type since picking up this one, they are ok but this one stands head and shoulders above them"
76561198039399209,Recommended,296490,15721285,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Raserei,"The best tower defense game ever made, hands down. A+"
,Recommended,296490,15639561,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,kafjack,"This game is great, I've played most in the series and I find that it is well worth the price. I would love to see the rest of the series on Steam because I would gladly pick them up as well. It is by far one of the best TD games I have ever found or played."
76561198061619085,Recommended,296490,16650087,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Sometimes791,"An innovative gameplay, interesting and enjoyable for hundred of hours and very deep and strategic. This is how a good tower defense looks like."
,Recommended,296490,23944294,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Luisfius,"Flash tower defense.But it is an incredibly engaging tower defense at that. I think I got it from a bundle or something, but dang if it is not... Interesting.Then again I do like tower defense titles for the most part."
,Recommended,296490,28852933,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Acidroth,"2,50 euros on sale for one of the top 5 tower defense games on steam is a no brain.i have spend a lot of time on gemcraft series on armor games and kongregate and i can say that this version is totaly worth even the full price."
,Recommended,296490,20573480,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,TinyLazerRaptor,"Gemcraft - Chasing Shadows is a wonderful game. The graphics and UI look kinda janky but it's well thought out and the progressional system works perfectly. You discover, or are introduced to a new aspect of the gameplay almost every new field you play. The music is simple and incredibly atmospheric and although the graphics clearly weren't a major feature in the games creation they definitely create the perfect aesthetic.I love tower defense and this is probably one of the best tower defense games I've ever played."
76561198008218104,Recommended,296490,15679157,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Viva,"This is one of the long standing TD series games around. It has been free to play for a long time on armorgames.com. So why play it on steam you ask? Great question. As a free to play game onarmorgames.com, it has had a pay to play an ""upgraded"" edition which is what you are paying for on steam.Pros-Highly addictive.long replayable game with maps that you will revisit.Easy to learn.hard to master.Cons-Originally designed on a flash platform, and still plays like a flash game. Many tablet games are flash games, however this series has been around longer than tablets. This developer and many others are the reason for you phone and tablet games.Overall one of my favorite games outside of the steam community and a welcome single player game to the community.On a side note, while many developers have taken adavatnge of the cash grab aka ""early acccess"" on steam, this developer has been around for years putting out free to play games on his own time for the love of gaming. This is one developer that truly deserves your attention. If you want to see what this game is all about, check it out atarmorgames.comand come back with your wallet. You will not be sorry."
,Recommended,296490,29863186,Posted: 11 February,all,Endspire,The best tower defense game you're going to find on Steam.
,Recommended,296490,31170615,Posted: 15 April,all,GF Ahrun,"Never played a Tower Defense game before (well there's that game mode in Patch Con! but never got interested on it).Anyway, after my casual 4 hours of gaming I can tell you this: Gem Craft is rather simple but it hides a huge ammount of complexibility. Basicly speaking all you have to do is to attach the gems you're given for each stage into towers and traps and their effect varies depending of the gem level, type and where you use it and how you use it. Also, the game offers you a way to increase the challenge in the way you seems fit for you game style with a risk/reward system that can be activated before the stage or during it as the waves of enemies comes in (by calling more waves at once or empowering each wave with the cost of a gem used as a bomb). As you become more powerful and earns the ability to build new towers and traps, you'll feel the urge to try to get a higher score on a previous map or how long you can last during an endurance run. And this is just the tip of the iceberg here.Summing up:GEM CRAFT IS THE DISGAEA OF TOWER DEFENSE (without the comedy by the way)."
76561197969264115,Recommended,296490,24306068,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,| bruinjesse,"I don't usually go for games with 'cheap' graphics, and it did take me a few hours to get into this one.But once you get going... there's just a ton of tiny features, tons of incremental growth to keep you moving.  So much variation in how you can approach each map, that it's almost infinite.  There's a good balance of winning/losing for me - sometimes it kicks my butt and I have to re-think a level, or know that I have to come back later with more tricks.Lots of fun for a really quick game or a marathon."
,Recommended,296490,26193580,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,☢ Bearroxx ☢,"This game is an amazing tower defence game, I used to play this game as a flash game while in school so it brings back memories. The only downside to it is that 10 dollars may be a little to much, that is why i bought it when it was on sale."
,Recommended,296490,30604460,Posted: 18 March,all,Geomancer,"Of all the tower defense games I've played, I think I'm enjoying this one the most. It's pretty easy to get into, but there is a complexity to the gem combination system to satisfy any theroy crafter out there. The game is great too in luring you into a false sense of security, then throwing something unusual at you that just crushes you. Not in an unfair way though, with some re-thinking to your approach to the level you can get past it and usually learn something in the process. The game is quite vast too in size with far more levels than I've typical seen in the genre."
76561197968381141,Recommended,296490,27375183,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Fenix,"Played this game when it was free online many years ago, now that it came to steam I gladly paid full price for it.If you are at all a fan of tower defense games pick this up, you will not be sorry you did."
76561198048976182,Recommended,296490,15719129,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,stellar.ganon,"The latest and greatest in the best tower defense series there has ever been, GemCraft will not disappoint. The amount of content, customization, and progression is unparallelled. A must-buy for all fans of tower defense."
76561198044014505,Recommended,296490,17721059,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,MrDeanosupreamo,"Loved this game on browser, i was more than happy to pay what ever the price was for the game on steam.Hopefully they release labyrinth on steam."
,Recommended,296490,15649796,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Andrew,"Out of all Tower Defense games GemCraft particularly stands out for its unqiue mechanic of combining gems of different kind. That defines the depth and all possible interactions making it a truly amazing experience. Abundance of skills and talisman fragments system help create a fresh feel for every playthrough. All that is what makes the game fun for both casual and hardcore players as there's always something else to discover while trying to push the limits of the game.Steam version has a new play-mode called ""Iron Wizard"" which is like another game in itself and it's worth trying out if you are looking for new challenges."
76561198269041088,Recommended,296490,25521112,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Ken,"This game is way better than I would have ever thought it was, even after reading all the good reviews. This is so much more interesting than the average game in  the genre. I will still be playing this game 5 years from now.......It's awesome!"
,Recommended,296490,19913357,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Summerpoison,THE best tower defense I've played. The gem-system is very intuitive but challenging. The skills add a nice addition and are a great way to change the difficulty.
76561198064899655,Recommended,296490,26156359,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Laplace,"School. work. friends. life.School. work. friends. life.School. work. friends. Gemcraft day 1: wizard lvl 10 got hookedSchool. work. friends. Gemcraft...School. work. friends. Gemcraft day 30: wizard lvl > 5000(999 haunting enraged monsters each wave hundreads of waves exponential growth with exponential numbers the powers of ten are infinite game is destroying my GPU/CPU)School, work, friends. life.School, work, friends. life."
,Recommended,296490,15629928,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Xalynden,"If you enjoy TD games and haven't tried Gemcraft yet, you owe it to yourself to get this.Also, for those that like to try before you buy, go try the free version on Armor Games"
,Recommended,296490,26069202,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Zk,"Don't buy this if you have a life.As for now, I don't have a life anymore.."
76561198043401618,Recommended,296490,24115319,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,SickRamen,"57 billion flavours of potatoLet's start by saying that you get a lot of content for little money with GemCraft.It's a classic Tower Defense game, gameplay mechanics are very standard. Monsters go for your orb and you have to murder them before they reach it.The game is like the title says, based on gems, you can place gems in towers where they'll shoot enemies, or in traps where they'll damage those who walk on them. You can also use them as bombs, use them to boost your tower, to protect your orb, you can sacrifice them to shrines or you can expend them to make your enemies stronger. In fact, you can do pretty much anything with your gems.Customization options are near infinite.There are 9 base colors, each of them have a different side effect, you can upgrade, combine, destroy, level up your gems in any possible combination.You can build your own structures, towers, traps, mazes, depending on the geography of the level.There are a lot and a lot and a lot of levels. Enough to say you won't see the end of the game for a very long time.You can customize your level of difficulty to the ultimate detail. There are 3 base levels to choose from, but after that you can add some random combination of traits, add a wave of this or a wave of that, boost the enemy armor or their speed etc... You can call down multiple waves at the same time during levels, Sacrifice gems to add more enemies and other weird stuff.For adding difficulty you get more XP and drops as a reward. Those drops can be used to customize your Talisman, giving you a variety of skil bonuses. The XP you also use to customize your skills and boost certain gems or certain abilities.I'm not sure I have listed all the possibilities of customization for this game, in fact I'm not sure I have discovered them all.Choose your own adventure, kinda.The game isn't particularly hard, especially since you can pretty much pick your own difficulty, so if you wish you can also make it hard for yourself at your very leasure. It does take a lot of hours to reach the end and then you can replay everything to oblivion.  And there are also side challenges, where you can't pick the difficulty. Those range from easy-ish to beyond impossible. Honestly I have no idea how some of these challenge are even possible to be completed. I just fail horribly 10 times then I move on. Thankfully they're all optional.Millions of achievements.And then there are achievements. So many of them. Hundreds! Millions! Probably a quarter of all my Steam achievements come from this game. They aren't hard to get, they just take a little grinding and sometimes an interesting challenge, so they're a nice +. If you want to boost your number of steam achievments then this is the game for you.So all in all, there are just so many things to do with this game... but yet in terms of content it doesn't change that much. The levels get a bit same-ish. The waves keep coming and coming and coming and coming and coming.Like a Potato.You can do so many things with this game, just like with potato. You can dice it, boil it, bake it, fry it. Turn it into crisps, croquettes and salad. You can have it with Ketchup, mayo, hot sauce and combine all of the above until you realize in the end, it's still just the same old Potato and not much more.But then, it's cheap and you can probably live off it for a very long time."
76561198271430928,Recommended,296490,29680278,Posted: 3 February,all,Duran,The best tower defense game I have found on steam...
,Recommended,296490,23993431,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Ircza The Prophet,"I love this game, its the best tower defense game available."
76561198027902001,Recommended,296490,20222119,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,[SGC] Gandarf,"what some people forget to mention, this game series has been around since the early days of the free online flash games. ide also like to mention the all the games are free on armor games to play, however this is the only way to play them offline on any pc :3gemcraft - chapter 1 the forgottengemcraft - chapter 0 gem of eternitygemcraft - the lost chapter labyrinthand now chasing shadows.though i have never beaten one of these games, they are all amazing, this one being a payed game, it does have the quality of a payed game compared to the previous two (though content size wise they are all pretty big)for he who does not like spoilers please skip to the next because this is where a detailed analysis of the previous games in the series begins.now these games have a plot almost as crazy as the FNAF timeline, meaning prequels, sequels, prequelsequels etc. so im going to try and explain the games in order, then put them together in a timeline sense.the first game (a f2p flash) is pretty simple, gemcraft chapter one, the forgotten. you (a young wizard) discover that another wizard to the east has unleashed monsters for unknown reasons, sounds simple right? wrong. across 48 levels you will battle your way to the end of the game only to discover that this wizard found something called ""the forgotten"", and it has possesed him, as you have clearly beaten all of this wizards challenges, it decides to kill him and take you as its host. you are then told that it is going to take you to the east ""to unleash more havoc on the spirit forge"".in game two, a prequel sequel (chapter 0). where you play as another seemingly random wizard, only you are in fact the bad wizard from the FIRST game. the story follows bad wizard as he tries to find the ""gem of eternity"", a gem with mysterious power. he looks for it everywhere, the wizard council tries to stop him. one day his compass points north twards the gem of eternity, as he travels north, fighting ""arcane guardians"" and eventually finds the gem of eternity. as he unlocks it he unwittingly unleashes ""the forgotten"" from the first game, he becomes the bad wizard from gemcraft chapter 1.in game three, a sequel, but not entirely a prequel, this game takes place at the same time as the first game in a timeline sense (lost chapter). the story follows (once again) a young wizard, who has one final quest, though it only appeared on his map AFTER the village he was guarding was attacked. the map lead him to a labyrinth. once in the center of it, the wizard used four crafting pylons to create a new gem of eternity. he then travels to the spirit forge to put the gem where it belongs.which finally brings us to game four aka chapter 2. (which i highly reccomend you play the game to learn about, im spoiling this for myself unfortunately because im a gametheory gamefreak like matpat I MUST KNOW EVERYTHING)gemcraft chapter 2 (game 4) follows the first wizard you played in the first game (meaning the 2nd and 3rd games were really just exposition at this point).on your way to the spirit forge, as previously mentioned at the end of chapter 1, however on your way you pass through an old trap ""the sycthe gate"" which separates you from the forgotten. after regaining conciousness you find yourself at your old wizard tower where you build a new trap to attempt to seal the forgotten before she reaches the spiritforge.along the way you find new structures and enemies which i believe were not in the previous games. as you continue twards the spiritforge, your character does the unthinkable in the games, actually thinks about the games own plot. who is the forgotten (ponders the ""summoning of"") as well as if the summoning was ""really an accident"". you also ponder about what the forgotten is actually doing as well as why.eventually you find the gembearer, the wizard from game 3 chapter 0 (boy this is confusing isent it?) dead, you also find the gem of eternity that he crafted next to him. you take the gem and decide to take it to the spirit forge for him while using its amazing powers to kill hordes of monsters attacking the spiritforge, which is when we finally get into some detailed information.the gem of eternity, after absorbing the essence of the monsters, begins glowing with a blinding light. the gem replica (assuming the replica is the one made by the gembearer and the origional is still there) begins transferring its energy to the OG gem. it then fires a powerful burst of magic at the spiritforge shield, destroying it.it is then revealed that the gem replica you found next to the gembearer, was corrupted. in all the previous instances where the forgotten was sealed, she would slowly corrupt the gem, twisting its power to her own needs and binding all the fake gems to one another (apparently the OG gem at the spirit forge AND the one you are using are both corrupt replica's, read on young one). so when you used the fake you used the corrupt power of all the gems and destroyed the shield of the spirit forge. the forgotten even let the player live after their initial separation at the scythe gate for this purpose.in the end you were a pawn to the forgotten in order to break into the one place she could not enter nor corrupt. she probably never meant to let you live and the game alludes to a sequel in which you enter the spirit forge after finding the REAL real gem (apparently the OG gem at the entrance to the spirit forge was ALSO a replica/fake gem which is why it mentions that she binded all the fake gems to one another)very clearly these games are extremely detailed for free flash games (even more so after becoming pay games) for those who were smart enough to not read the blotted out there is most likely another game coming in the series and i am now giddy with anticipation to find out what lies in store for it."
,Recommended,296490,21904147,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Ristora,"Every once in a while I look for Warcraft 3 tower defense map packs, hoping there will be something new. I've tried numerous tower defence games and this is by far the best. It scratches the tower defence itch like no other. $11 CDN is most certainly a fair price for this game. One reviewer says they purchsaed the game for $2.50 during one of the big sales, this absolutely blows my mind. If the graphics and UI were less 'Flash-gamey' this could easily be a $60 tower defence game. With the graphics it has now, I'd say its a $55 tower defence game ;)[EDIT]I almost forgot that people might actually be interested in what make sthis game so good aside from some weird price speculation haha.You can control the range of a tower by hovering over it and using the mouse wheel.As far as I can tell there are 9 gems that do different types of damage/have different modifiers.You can buff the level itself makingit more difficult and granting you more xp when you defeat it.After beating each level, you can choose to continue it on ""Endurance Mode"".You have a talisman that you can put fragments in that give you bonuses against certain monster types. Fragments are randomly found when killing monsters.There is a skill window where you can put skill points into various skills. (Note that the more unspent skill points you have, the more starting mana you begin each level with!)Look, just buy this game. If you've actually read this far, you are either bored you will like this game. Either way, you should get it :)"
76561198094593909,Recommended,296490,20904780,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,fritters,happy this is on steam now.
76561198065396619,Recommended,296490,19927946,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Violent Rainbow,SO MUCH FUN!
,Recommended,296490,19983507,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,flemdawgheal,"9/10 Great tower and gem upgrading game.Pros:-Very in depth and elaborate upgrading, gem combining, skills, and bonus systems.-Map is expansive and progressive as well as repeatable, and more difficulties more unlock bonuses-Every game feels unique, play at your pace. Make it harder to get more bonuses. Go endless mode with no consequence.Play how YOU want. It isn't too linear. If you like a map, keep playing it the waves are random and can be increased.Different effects you add make each level every time you play it different.Cons:-I just feel like this game is too big at times. Like when will it end and whats my end goal? Maybe I will find it later.-With this unique system in place it is extremy easy to jump 20-30 levels at a time. Very OP and needs to be tweaked so the XP isn't THAT rewarding. Now I feel like I'm just chasing the limits as hard as I can. I have become my own enemy, not really the level themselves. Perhaps this is too hardcore for me?Other thoughts:-At first I was like this game is ugly. Cause I had it full screen which it isn't meant for and I was a little disappointed about that. But then I started playing it in windowed and realized WHO THE HELL PLAYS FULL SCREEN? Alt tabbing or watching a movie in the background is perfect for long puzzle matches with endless mode. So it was okay."
,Recommended,296490,20246624,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Gokki,9/10LOTS of content and depth. Mechanics almost as good asDefender's Quest. A must buy for anyone interested in TD.
,Recommended,296490,15737846,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,NastyBard,One of the best tower defence games there is.Polished for years and years to become perfect.
76561198016707912,Recommended,296490,15634166,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,archenemy,"Edit: Initially I gave a negative review, not because the game is bad (It is very good if you like Tower Defences), but because the game freeze. The developer contacted me, and found out what caused the problem, and fixed it, very fast and responsive, a highly positive experience!"
76561197991559681,Recommended,296490,15639052,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Couraged,"Love this ""Flash"" tower defense series.  I've played countless hours on the browser smashing monsters.  Can't wait to spend countless more on the Steam release, very nice job yet again Gameinabottle!"
,Recommended,296490,15644677,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,CrossChop114,"""Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ dude. Gemcraft's on Steam!""[Immediately breaks open credit card]"
,Recommended,296490,15647382,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Bird Facts®,"I was so happy when I checked (After a year of not checking) and found that this game had released that same day! This series contains some of the best TD experiences I've had. Also, I date with the series back to the first one, so I'm more than happy to pay $10-ish for the game.I give this game a Really Good out of 10. Play it if you like TD games. It's good. Yeah."
76561198077259487,Recommended,296490,15648051,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,AndyUr,"As an old follower of this series. I was very glad to get a full paid version of the game here. Unlike the armorgames version, you get all the content in the game, without having to deal with pesky in-game purchases.This game is, IMO, the archetype of 2D Tower Defense Games. The mechanics are very solid, not even really extraordinary as far as I can tell. Just really well executed.The game is set in a way that allows for a lot of replayability. For instance, Battle Traits allow you to replay levels with various handicaps, for increased rewards. I mean, really, if you like this game at all, you will probably be spending a many, many hours on this game.Be aware that this is a port from an old school flash game, so the graphics tech is not outstanding, perhaps outdated. Even then I think the game looks decent, aestethically.This game is a must-play for any lover of the Tower Defense Genre."
,Recommended,296490,15649571,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Millenniamaster,"Still one of the best traditional TD series ever made, and now it's on steam. If the genre is a guilty pleasure to you (like it is to me), go for it, by all means. If you're not a fan of the genre, this might change your mind."
76561198037535233,Recommended,296490,15657389,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Killarot,"Surelly one of the best Tower Defense games ever made. If you are searching for fun and challenge, you came to the right place.This game by itself is FLAWLESS, I'm a BIG fan of the franchise since the first installment.The ONLY problem about it is it's developer... the guy is so brillant that the community blames him for taking LONG to release games. (and when I say LONG I mean LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONG).Anyway, I hope the quick growth of this game on steam estimulates him to invest more time on it."
,Recommended,296490,15657516,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,XBR85,"The best tower defense game, period. The depth of this series is unrivaled. I need not go into any details since everything has already been explained in reviews elsewhere. I will say this though:If you like Tower Defense games, you WILL like Gemcraft."
,Recommended,296490,15661134,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,FlareAndrew,"This game. I remember staying up late for the release of this onarmorgames.com. And guess what. I DID IT AGAIN for the Steam release. Why? Because the gemcraft series is nothing like any other tower defense game out there. I cant think of another TD where you can place your gem tower in the middle of the path that monsters walk (so long as they can get around it). Hell you can even make a maze for the monsters to go through to make them take just THAT much longer to reach you (except monsters know the answer to the maze due to pathing to find the end). Why I bought this game on steam comes down to one very big thing. No internet connection needed.Oh, I have well over 40 hours on this in the last few days, Its just that most of it was offline.MUST BUY!"
,Recommended,296490,15665505,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,[PCMR] Tizaki,"Great game, but it's still a flash game.The author took all that time, and for what? It's still a flash game. The re-designing may have taken up a lot of that, but for how many months that took I was expecting something with a new engine. Oh well, maybe next release. It's still fun and it's been improved to the point where the browser flash game version is worthless, but this still performs like the old one :(To the developer: This series has potential, but it could really use a jump away from the dying Flash platform to its own engine. Now that it's made the jump from the browser to the OS, it's time to look for some engine options and begin building the next Gemcraft hit. I will buy it just as I bought this one, even if the worthless and embarrassing supression gems remain part of the game."
76561198009911897,Recommended,296490,15634910,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Felkin,"The Gemcraft series are something very close to my heart. It's not just a game to play. It's an art to look at in awe. A masterpiece to learn from. The embodiment of perfectionism when it comes to game design. That is Gemcraft. Never has any game captivated me so much, whilst being just a flash game with no budget and a single developer. Everyone should give the game a go. Just because the tower defense genre is saturated and full of horrible clones, doesn't mean that a few gems aren't present in it. Gemcraft is a game of planning, calculating, trial-error and design. Any player can learn a great deal from playing it about both game design and tower defense in all it's glory. Give the game a try, you won't regret it :)"
76561197991178675,Recommended,296490,15635791,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Nobody,"Gemcraft - Chasing Shadows is easily the best online flash game I've ever played, with me investing 100+ hours into it.In this game, towers can't do anything on their own; to be able to attack, a gem needs to be placed inside of it. There are nine basic gem types, each with its own unique effect. By combining two gems of the same tier, you will create a single stronger gem of the next tier. The different gem types can be combined, which will result in a gem with higher stats, but with less of each types' bonus effects.This already is a significant innovation, but the game has plenty more new ideas up its sleeve: the combination of the traditional health and gold resources into a single mana resource, 25 skills to level up, special boss enemies, traps, collectible talisman fragments, three strike spells and three gem enhancement spells, and plenty more.This is an easy recommendation to anyone who is a fan of tower defense games or strategy games."
76561198145175638,Recommended,296490,15640785,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,thecarlsonmocnyfamily,"This is a fantastic tower defense game and I recomend it to anyone who wants to play one. As a tower defense game it suffers from many of the same issues that all tower defense games suffer from, so make sure you are ready for a bit of grinding, because all there is to do is kill enemies over and over again. But who cares, this game makes it so fun to do so that you don't even realize that you spent 1/2 the night killing frozen swarmlings near a tome building to get the next skill and now have to dose yourself with massive quantities of caffine just to function during the day.If you like tower defense games get this one now. If you don't know if you like tower defense games, this is a great one to start with. If you hate tower defense games why are you reading reviews for this game at all?"
76561198076205586,Recommended,296490,15641116,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Acuru,I got all achivment on flash version... now it's time for achivment in steam. Unless you have hundred's hours of free time - don't buy it.
,Recommended,296490,15643819,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,helpre,"Gemcraft is a fantastic series of games and Chasing Shadows adds a lot of improvements over the previous title - Labyrinth. If you're curious, you can play it for free online to get a feel for it, but if you like Tower Defense games I can't recommend it enough."
76561198008150731,Recommended,296490,15645707,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Musoyama,"Loved this game in browser mode, and I was happy to pay to support developers and show my appreciation for a solid, original game.If youc an get it for $10 or less it is a great investment!"
76561197970848950,Recommended,296490,15663297,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,cybermiester,"Gemcraft: Labyrinth was the best tower defense game I've ever played... Until this game! I'm going to get hundreds of hours out of my $10, so there's great value there.One nice thing that really adds to replayability is the battle traits feature. You assign them to add difficulty, which adds to the XP modifier. Its alot of fun, adding traits until you're BARELY able to beat the level, then leveling up 5 times! (or failing on the last wave and knowing its ALL your fault!)Yeah, buy this game!"
,Recommended,296490,15663317,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Blackbanshee18,I got this 3 days ago... and I already have 3 hours. I think I have said enough... extremely addictive and fun!
,Recommended,296490,15663436,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Darth Vladi,"Simple the best tower defense. No one has ever done that! No one has EVER DONE THAT BEFORE ON THE HISTORY OF TOWER DEFENSE GAMES!Not even the good Defense Grid is so amazing like this game. Seriously, a must have."
,Recommended,296490,15705888,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Leliel,"This is a great TD game. You can try out the ""free"" version on Armor Games if you want. But the Steam version has more levels and better graphics.I'm a big fan of the GemCraft series and this is my support for the developer."
76561197987787088,Recommended,296490,15710642,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Jinxed_San,"One of the best tower defense games I have ever played, the way you mold your gems to create different tower attributes is one of the best features I have seen."
76561198009907235,Recommended,296490,15714020,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Elvest,"A well polished game. Definitely one of the best tower defenses and a lot of value for my money. Slightly bleak athmosphere but perhaps some people like it. I'm probably going to be playing this for many months, perhaps over a year."
76561198079546904,Recommended,296490,15650618,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Fancy Schmancy Tomazzah,"There are gems and stuff.But really, excellent TD game, huge amount of content for just 6/7 quid."
76561197970559169,Recommended,296490,15650909,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Kailurisu,"I have been a fan of this series since I discovered the first one on Kongregate, I already played a lot of this game over on Armor Games but I am a big fan and wanted to sit down and play it again and also to support the developer for all the entertainment and fun they have brought me. If you like tower Defense games, honestly, you shouldn't skip this one."
76561198003585036,Recommended,296490,15651522,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Sphinx,GemCraft has come a long way. I have played all the flash versions and this one is really good. One of the best tower defense games out there. Lots of different possibilities and strategies.
76561197962134529,Recommended,296490,15651745,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,FqcK`,"Don't mind to just launch it and play few minutes, this game will keep you entertained for several hours. One of the greatest TD ever made."
,Recommended,296490,15654482,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,chefboy132,I have been playing the gemcraft series since 2008. Every year peter manages to make a different game that is better than the last. This game has been in the works for almost 4 years now and i can say that this game is worth the wait.
,Recommended,296490,15656326,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Scalcon,"A great tower defence game. Played on armor games tons of times, bought it hese on steam to support the devs. Awesome game, totally worth it."
76561198005329793,Recommended,296490,15658416,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,DigitalHero,The king of TD games has returned in all its glory.A pure GEM - 10 out of 10 !
76561198027567339,Recommended,296490,15659913,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,denis.tsyplakov,Great game. Finally on PC. I have played it on armor games when it was flash based. God belss Steam. Games here are much better :-)Beware this game is perfect time killer.
,Recommended,296490,15659916,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Slitharg,"Well. there goes any chance I had of a productive summer... Gemcraft is on steam.10/10, time to waste my life again."
,Recommended,296490,15660187,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Khono,Surprisingly great TD game with a great deal of depth!  I can't remember the last time I was this interested in a TD game.
,Recommended,296490,15733033,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,FIRE_C4T,"I've played all prequels and decided to wait to review this game.I won at ~40 hrs just to show how genuinely entertained I was.I can't find any flaws with this masterpiece, and I've tried.This is one of those few games that actually respects your intellegence and brings glorious content to the table in the process. Any completionist NEEDS this game, there is so much to do here. Placing gems in towers/traps feels so gratifying. I like being able to create one boss gem and wipe out all the mosters on a field, or strategizing on fields where any exp farming I may have done before doesn't matter.This may be the best Tower Defence game known to man. 92/100The ending makes me crave more!"
76561198043495119,Recommended,296490,15719786,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,gamey1999,"One of the best TD games ever. For how many hours I spent playing the flash versions of the game and the pain it was to get far in them, this was a no brainer to buy. Very addicting of a game with many hours of game play to be had. The game encourages pushing the limits due to a high risk, big reward system."
76561197994023512,Recommended,296490,15719846,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Eruantien,"I´ve started mine TD plays few years ago with Gemcraft and here we are, finally on Steam. Basically Gemcraft is the mother of good TD and every sequel (or prequel in depence how you look at it) was very polished and enjoyable. GiaB never dissapoints and this is no exception. There are plenty of stages you can go, every stage has its traits which are modifier to strenght of your enemies or simply difficulty of that stage. You get XP from battles to lvl up your skills. You can (and you will have to) try different strategies with 9 different gems (not mentioning traps, amplifiers, skills and talismans which you will get through the game). Definitely worth the price since you´ll get hours and hours of gameplay.10/10"
76561198027036833,Recommended,296490,15720324,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Trimp Chucken,"The best tower defense game out there. Hands down. This game killed many other TD's for me just because of how unique and innovative it is. I would start playing them and then immediately head over to Gemcraft. I've been waiting for this one since it was announced!this game is a steal at 10 dollars, looking forward to the dev's next releases."
,Recommended,296490,18034952,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,BritishRail60062,"Having played the online light version on Armor Games, I have decided to buy the full in house Steam version of this game. If you like solving tasks and shooting evil monsters for kicks. This game is great fun to play and I really enjoy playing through the levels at will and while the levels are quite easy at first. This is deliberate, so that you are settled into the game before moving onto the much more tougher levels.The Objectives:This can vary from level to level. But in order to successfully pass the level. It is imperitive that you keep your orb intact and to protect from banishment from the monsters because if the mana pool reaches zero or a lower number than the banishment cost from the monster and the monster touches the orb in this state. Its Game Over and you would need to start the level again. While this is not going to be an issue in the early levels as these levels have a lower waves of monsters, you will find this more challenging in the later levels that have tougher enemies and more waves of monsters that you must defeat in order to complete the level. Its doesn't stop there however because some levels have tome chambers that will have to opened by meeting certain criterias to unlock vital skills and also you will still need to survive all enemy waves to complete the level AND to gain the skill from the tome chamber.Mana:The Mana bar is your lifeline as it used to buy gems, build buildings and traps as well as to sustain banishment charges from those monsters that are successful in banishing your orb. Careful planning and conservative use of the mana in levels will gain you extra mana to use at the start of other levels. So its wise to conserve as much mana as you can muster in early levels. This is a method that I learned the hard way when I was playing the light version of this game online.My thoughts:If you are into tactical games like I am and want to challenge yourself. Give this game a try as you will need to use your tactical skills to conquer the more harder levels and you may need to replay some levels to give you more mana for the later levels so that you can buy more powerful gems at the start. Even things like the placement of a tower on the level to the strength of a gem can mean the difference of success or failure.Verdict:The key thing to have with this tactical game is PATIENCE and planning. If you rush through the early levels without giving much thought to points that I have mentioned. Then the later levels could be frustrating to some players if they do not plan their motives carefully. Patience and tactics are the road to completion of this game.Overall Rating: 10/10."
,Recommended,296490,21042861,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,KBK,"Amazing tower defense that pleases casual players and has alot of depth. You can customize in which way the maps will be harder before going into it, but you can also make it harder on the fly, by enraging waves or calling waves early. Being able to move gems to different places (towers, traps...) adds a new dimension to the strategy,All things considered, probably the best tower defense I've played."
76561198140442033,Recommended,296490,21302667,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,pickle nick,"This is an awesome little game! It is a hidden little gem i picked up for $0.21. This is a puzzle platformer that is so fun because the puzzles are very satisfying to solve. At the beginning of the game i was a confused but I quickly picked up the game mechanics due to the games perfect learning curve. In other words when the game teaches a new mechanic, it starts off easy until you are familar with the mechanic, then harder till it becomes secondhand knowledge, and THEN thats when the game shows you the next new mechanic. Of course this is not to say that you will never be stumped at some parts, after all it is what makes a puzzle game a puzzle game and takes some creative thinking BUT is never anything ridiculous to solve. The main part about this game that is kept me so hooked were all the puzzles. The harder puzzles are extreamly satisfying to solve (plenty of ""OHHH!!"" moments) and secrets are very rewarding to find. The puzzles in this game will never become stale, thats because even though the puzzles are essentially the same, the variations and new mechanics keep it very fun, enjoyable, and interesting to play. One more thing is that great soundtrack, props to them!PROS-Great learning curve-Puzzles never get boring-New Mechanics add depth-Puzzles are very satisfying to solve-Puzzles are so clever (I know i've said it a bunch but I really love the puzzles!!!)-Great price-Secrets keep the game interesting-Never too easy or too hard-Awesome music to play toCONS-None (I can't complain as the game has everything advertised plus much more and FAR exceded my expectations)The game is short and can not really be a con for being so, as it cost me a mere $0.21. (But the game is so awesome that I wanted more)The reason I have more than 4 hours is because I tried to get all the ""Abandoned Cores"" and ""Ancient Artifacts""Bottomline : get this game while it's still on sale, but if it's not... still get it cause it's awesome.P.S The very beginning with the old arcade shooter mini game is an awesome little ""backstory"" and an interesting way start off the game and if you survive long enough it will explain what the ""Abandoned Cores"" do and what the boss looks like (you can't defeat him!)"
,Recommended,296490,18984810,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,mttank,"If you like tower defense games you should get this. I'm a fan of TDs and this one trumps the rest. It's very well put together and has an extremely long gameplay value. There's a lot more to it than other TDs, with tons of customization, upgrades, levels, strategies, and many maps with different gimmicks. You'll be enjoying this one for a long time."
76561198083812198,Recommended,296490,20273965,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,cwolfxuk,"This is a BRILLIANT tower defence game!  Loving it so far.Pros:Graphics are very good - yeah, not 3D epics but serve the purpose whilst remaining clear to see what is happening.  Top down TD all the way.Music and sound works very nicely.Cons:Cannot save mid level."
,Recommended,296490,21345847,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,wpavel,"This is really interesting Tower Defense game. Despite its simplicity in core gameplay, you can use different strategies to complete every level. Also, if you really fan of achievements, then this game for you! More than 400 achievements, moreover they are affecting your gameplay directly. Dynamic level of difficulty (using traits) make the same level interesting in different moments of game.I have unlocked 418 out of 419 achievements!"
,Recommended,296490,20211557,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,pepemustard,"Cannot recommend this game enough.I've only played a few hours so far, but have easily spent thousands of hours playing many TD games.This one, is very simplistic at first glance.- put gems in tower- upgrades gems to do more damage- rinse and repeatBut no, it is far from it. I've barely scratched the surface, but judging by the amount of locked slots for skills, challenges (which boost your xp gain on maps), etc., there is still a lot for me to uncover. It may not be as flashy as other TD games, but I'm more about substance as opposed to flash.I haven't encountered any major endearing plot or narrative to speak of (yet, I'm still fresh into this game). But the sheer amount of content and replayability I've enountered so far, makes this purchase an absolute no brainer.It's a steal at the current sale price, and still great value at regular price. My hat's off the the devs and publisher for this title. Best TD game I've played in a long time."
76561198091280436,Recommended,296490,21315606,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,jordancramer,PhD in Tower Defense theory here I come.Wow. This game is probably the most hardcore tower defense game I've ever played by far. It's --almost/is-- ridiculous how far you can go with tower (gem) customization.
76561198078471209,Recommended,296490,20916924,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Paragon Kully,"This game is time-leeching(Mana Farms FTW). From the very start you are underwhelmed with a simple tower-defense game that runs smoothly and entertains you even when you lose. Achievements are abundant and pleasing to, well, achieve, and it will take you hundreds of hours to complete all of them. Later on, you are overwhelmed with gem-recipes and strategies that will take you into the thousands of Wizard Levels and hundreds of endurance levels. The goal? Beat endurance. Sure, there is a heroing story line following the wizard you play as, destroying the evils that curse the land in their seemingly infinite numbers. But that isn't as important as the dedication of upgrading your gems individually and in the right pattern to create the mana leeching gems that farms need. Confused and slightly scared? You should be. Gem-crafting is no laughing matter. Math like you thought you would never have to use again is useful to an infinite degree in this game, as gem-recipes can become so complex that it may make the faint-of-heart whimper with fear.Have you bought a game and finished it in a day and loved it? Each level can be played for many hours on end, gaining you billions upon billions of exp. Some players go on 20-100 hour games to farm as much exp. in the hopes of beating endurance. Plan on putting a couple hundred hours in this game, because it is fun, it is addicting, and you will love it."
,Recommended,296490,22927200,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Yiasmat,"There is Hope for this Genre yet.GemCraft is an amazing game. It nearly went to my top 1 of TD games, but now sits on a very close 2nd place, with a huuuge buffer until the 3rd. So what does make this game so amazing?Well, i´m always glad to see when a developer knows what he´s doing. And that is most defenitly the case with this game: The mechanics work great, there is a decent monster/tower variety and the levels are very well balanced.It´s not that expensive, and what you get are serious hours of playtime and content. The most upvoted reviews for this game have a playtime of 150+ hours for a reason.Take all the above and throw in some decent RPG mechanics and you have a game that deserves your attention.All that with the sheer variety of levels makes it one of the best TDs there are and easily recommendable..."
,Recommended,296490,24083806,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,TenraiMugen,"Incredebly big, the options are endless just like the levels themselves are.Replaying levels is never a drag with all the extra's you can add to make them harder."
,Recommended,296490,20470982,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,SEBA,"In the last years i played every flash-tower-defense game i could find on the net. I also tried a lot of those ""bigger"" tower defense games -but still: GemCraft stays the best. It's simple and it's perfect.I recently found it on steam and am happy now to play through all those creative levels and hundreds of achievements again.If you like TD: Buy it.If you never played TD: Don't buy it, because every TD you encounter afterwards will feel so sadly incomplete.If you don't like TD: Try Candy Crush."
76561197960732005,Recommended,296490,20664746,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,F!,the very definition of an epic TD
,Recommended,296490,17272544,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Ryuzaki,"The Labyrinth one should be added. It was also really fun to play. Maybe have better than this. But Good Job , its good."
,Recommended,296490,20290842,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Evanz111,"Definitely one of the most expansive tower defense games currently available, but not necessarily the most fun.I used to play Gemcraft on websites many many years ago, and I was surprised to see how much it has expanded and how much has been added, but it's still the old experience that I loved. The only thing that is really lacking is the variety in animations and gems still being indistinguishable from each other, which is something I love about TD games.The amount of content is incredible, hundreds of achievements and levels make you keep to want playing.It even offers a 'prestige' mode where you can reset all your achievements for a one-off bonus of 120 skill points, which means there's always something to work towards.If you're a fan of either Gemcraft or even TD games in general, this is definitely worth a pickup."
76561198005768081,Recommended,296490,15795653,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Rook Prime,"Solid tower defense gameplay. Quick to learn for beginners, insanely tough to manage high-end challenges for those who enjoy the grind.Master the important skills, and you too can command deadly forces as the most pimpin' of wizards with more bling than half the rap artists on the planet combined."
,Recommended,296490,20374689,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,TR8-T0R,"TD with complete control up to the complex, more savage than a cockpitalso capability of drawing 5000 monster at a time without crashing my computer5/5 FPS would play again"
,Recommended,296490,20481148,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Villinger,"If you're new to Gem Craft, google it, and play browser based. After a few levels you'll see why it is so well loved, (if you're one to like TD games) and you'll likely think to yourself: ""Man, wouldn't this be great fullscreen?""Yes, of course it's better, and more content overal too! Though, It should be noted that holding the shift key, while building and moving gems, will slow your game no mater the circumstance (no enemys/good hardware). To remedy this: simply pause the game as it is a single player experence; there is no need to rush. I have encountered few problems otherwise. The game is finished with the expected, but well executed pixelish graphical style of its type. This TD will give you a great varriety of strategic choice both durring the levels, and throughout the meta-game/overworld. It is the one game in the sea of thousands that I would comfortably recomend buying off-sale. It is truely worth the ~$10, and would give the creative genius behind the series what they deserve for such a well thought-through, risk/reward strategy title. It really does feel like the game has been fully fleshed out. It is far from what a browser flash game is normally.Now, I know I haven't told you many specifics about Gem Craft, but this is because you can easily experience the mechanics with the browser version yourself. And if you are too lazy for that, there are many, many more reviews that actually break the game down properly for what it is.This is my first review, and will likely be my only one for a while. I don't write negative reviews. I don't write positive reviews. I only wrote this after seeing the recent sale, and I was reminded of the near perfection this gem has been polished to.-Thanks Game in a Bottle!"
,Recommended,296490,29758109,Posted: 7 February,all,TKperson,"Played up to about level 2,700 before I got tired of it.  Well worth the relatively low price."
,Recommended,296490,15726978,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,"Abdull ""Sword of Allah"" Al Abbdi",This is an awesome game ! i have been a frequant player of these games ! and this one is really good ! :D Keep up the good work man ! :D
,Recommended,296490,15660858,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Bible-Bashing Robot Assassin,Resplendent!
,Recommended,296490,15644208,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,wallnera,"Being a tower defense fan, I can honestly say that this series contains the best titles I've ever seen in the genre - and it's actually improving chapter by chapter. I've put somewhere around 150+ hours into this one before the Steam port came out, but I was still eager to get down to it once more.Given the whole thing's done by a single developer (kudos), I can even forgive for keeping us waiting so long."
76561198152797055,Recommended,296490,15643134,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,David the Goliath,"If you are a fan of Tower Defense games, Gemcraft is an absolute must-try. I have spent a lot of hours on it onarmorgames.com(in case you were wondering: dude, already a review with barely any hours on it?), and I'm absolutely sold. What makes it so special compared with the enormous amount of other games available in the genre? Here are some key words (tl;dr: read only key words):1.) Experimentation:Most TD games are quite simple: you have a limited amount of towers types that can be upgraded, each with their strengths and weaknesses. Strategy is mainly finding the right combos and placement.In gemcraft however, you build up defenses by forging gems and building defensive buildings separately, to then combine them. With 9 different gem types (all with their own colour) that have each a specific power and 3 different tower designs, you have a lot of freedom when creating your defenses against the demon hordes. Gems of different colours can be fused together to form powerfull combogems and can even be converted to gem bombs to rain death and destruction from above on a specific target.2.) Create your own dungeon:In most TD games you have 2 areas: the path that enemies follow to reach your base, and areas suitable to build your defenses. Sometimes it's a grid area that makes you puzzle for ideal placement, sometimes it is restricted to a few spots limiting the amount of towers you can build. Gemcraft has only one rule: There must be at least one route that enemies can follow to reach your base. As long as there is a path of one square wide with horizontal or vertical connections, you can build your towers on any surface that allows building. Aside from your towers, you also have the ability to build walls. Wide path? Make it narrow and windy by adding a lot of walls forcing enemies to follow a zigzag pattern! Multiple routes to your base? Block them untill there is one left! Create choke points with deadly traps waiting to turn unaware enemies into dust! Be carefull though, buildings and gems are build from the same recource pool (mana), so you are forced to be efficient.3. From sandbox to nightmare with one clickEver had that feeling during a mission when you were like: man, my defense is impenetrable, this is no longer a challenge, this is boring. Gemcraft allows you to suddenly turn the mission from an evil minion's deathwall to a tense fight for your live.  You can make the mission harder in various ways. First, like a lot of TD games, you have the option to early call waves. Only now you can decide to early call multiple waves at a time (if you are brave enough). All waves are displayed as 'wave stones' on the left of your screen, and they are all visible from the beginning. If you really want it, you can scroll down to the bottom, click the final round stone, and watch the fireworks (or your ultimate doom).Early calling a wave gives bonus mana and xp, so it's not just for fun. Another way is using gems. As I said earlier, gems can be turned into gem bombs to lay waste on the battlefield. However, when used on a wave stone, the targeted wave will be enraged: enemies become stronger, faster, more resistant, and more numerous. The stronger the gem bomb or the more gem bombs dropped, the stronger the wave becomes, and the higher the exp reward. Last but not least, you have the option to activate mission handicaps before starting the mission, such as less time between different waves, monsters receiving damage resistance on a direct hit, and much more. This can be very helpfull when you want to replay lower levels to rise enough in level to beat the harder fields.My verdict: Gemcraft is a landmark in the TD genre: it is challenging, tactical, allows a lot of experimentation, and is not short at all (you WILL require a lot of hours of gameplay to even reach the hardest fields)."
,Recommended,296490,16643020,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Dovakhiin,"I've been playing these games since the start, and was happy to shell out for the steam version. I haven't been disappointed. I find myself losing hours playing this game - always a good sign.My only hope is that the next game (steam version) isn't done in flash.100% worth the $10!"
,Recommended,296490,21287042,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Toast Toaster,"It's like diablo, but if diablo was a tower defense. Honestly an amazing and well executed idea."
76561198027311547,Recommended,296490,20260163,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Timmy,"Gemcraft:CS is a great tower defense game, lot of content and lot of variety. It's about gems, of course, you spend mana (which also represents your life bar) to conjure more and more powerful gems in any combination of 9 flavours, each one bringing a different special ability to the final product. Then you socket these gems into stationary assets you build on the field, such as towers, traps, and amplifiers. And then, in time, you'll unlock three area-of-effect spells and three gem enchantments, all on separate cooldown. And then you'll get talisman fragments to randomly drop, and will socket and upgrade up to 15 of them into a large panel, securing a number of additional bonuses and perks. And then you'll gather xp at the end of every mission and invest them in the 25 skills available, or stash them in order to get a different kind of bonus. And then you'll move up and unlock all of the 150+ battlefields available, up to the Spiritforge. And then you'll want to try vision battlefields, where skills and talismans and all that stuff don't matter and you're alone and scared like the first time. And then you'll want to try Iron Wizard mode, with different rules to the game. And that's just scratching the surface.On top of all that, you can drastically personalize the level of challenge: each battlefield can be played in one of three different difficulty settings, and up to 9 crippling traits can be enabled to different extents in order to make the game more engaging/unforgiving. And even then, you can increase the challenge dynamically by calling in waves ahead of time and even 'enrage' them, which is to say 'spend mana to increase number, healthpool and armor of foes in a wave'.This little gem (hah) has a lot going for it, so if in doubt, trust a random stranger on the interwebs and buy this game!"
76561198041636516,Recommended,296490,24525732,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Nameless,"Very fun tower defense game.  Be aware that it isveryeasy to get in the typical turn based ""one more turn"" mindset"
76561198062753412,Recommended,296490,28854334,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,King Hornet,"The best tower defense i have ever played. Played the previous iterations of this series online for hours on end before it finally made it to steam. Great atmosphere/artwork and spectacular gameplay mechanics. You can make you gameplay as complicated or simple as possible, depending on how you want to play (which really gives you a lot of room if you want to do a short run or really go for the long grind)My only gripe for this game is that it is just a port of the flash version online, meaning that when you get upwards of over 5k monsters on screen fps drops by half and when you have 10k+ its basically 0  (reguardless of PC specs). I hope eventually this gets ported into a better engine for better preformance but all and all fantastice game."
76561198008618271,Recommended,296490,25659391,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Aurlord,"It's a tower game. Can't really be that fun, right?WRONG!This is a strangely addictive game. First couple of maps that one plays won't probably leave lasting impressions. The graphics are ok but nothing special, the storyline (there actually is one) isn't memorable and initially the tactics at the player's disposal are limited. You may even be tempted to put the game back in your (virtual) library shelves, but you'd make a BIG mistake.Give it a few rounds and you'll start unlocking skills and building up an amulet that can enhance specific traits. And your scores start to soar as you unlock more maps, So you start thinking: ""I'll give it just another go"" and then something new pops up.  Eventually you'll get stuck on a seemingly impossible level. But then you realise that if you go back to older maps and replay them with the newly acquired skills your old score will multiply unlocking even more skills.And that's when you get really hooked!You play a wizard committed on stopping a demon called ""The Forgotten"" that will summon hordes of monsters on each map level hurling them at you. Basically it's a matter of constructing ""choke points"" manned by towers and traps to obliterate ever-larger waves of fiends preventing them to overwhelm your ""Orb of Presence"". Towers and traps are powered by gems. Gems can be combined to achieve powerful combos, or used as ""pure"" (convinient if high on the ""Pure Colours"" skill), On completing maps players will acquire skill points that can be spent to get more powerful levels of particular skills as well as amulet fragments. Skills need to be unlocked by acquiring the relevant wizard skill tome in some maps, a sub-objective of the main objective of staying alive as long as possible. Invariably you will eventually be overwhelmed on each map, but the challenge is to push that boundary a little further each time, unlock new skills and try new tactics.Skill points can be reassigned at the beginning of each map so you are not stuck with a bad choice of skills and this encourages the player to experiment. I have changed tactics a few times and the results are not always predictable but that's part of the addictive fun of this game.Give it a try. Actually give it a few... And then you'll probably write a review similar to mine."
,Recommended,296490,26902658,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Christley </3 Peelz,"bought it looking for a tower defence game to kill some time with. instead it was the game i turned to for 2 whole weeks after i got home from work.it has fantastic depth and there's so much gameplay for a simple and small game.i will go back and finish all the achievements some day. it has a whopping 419 (!) achievements so when you've finished the game, you can hunt those aswell"
76561198035370118,Recommended,296490,28010548,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Sherwood,Extremely strategic tower defense game. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,296490,27165664,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,waijee,Excellent tower defense game. Very deep a lots of challenge.
76561197967002284,Recommended,296490,29347016,Posted: 18 January,all,Grumblecakes,"This game was probably the best $2 I've ever spent on Steam.   Super portable (plays on my work laptop) and a really fun way to kill a few hours.It can be really tough to advance to later wizard levels quickly until you discover some of the best strategies for getting loads of mana.  Try to figure them out yourself, or google them.... but once you get through that hurdle it's really fun to advance quickly."
76561198048973113,Recommended,296490,29797211,Posted: 9 February,all,therobotchicken,"Gemcraft is by far the best tower defense game/series I've ever played, even better than Bloons, and Chasing Shadows continues that streak. Gemcraft - Chasing Shadows maintains, with modifications and additions, its great mechanics and eye-catching graphics. There are a lot of levels to try to beat your previous score (sometimes by several million points), and in the addiction of leveling up your skills you can easily clock over 100 hours into the game - and you don't even have to be paying attentions! You can just run the game in the background or a small window while you do something else and check back every so often. That's how I reached 175 hours, and I could keep going.The one bad thing about the game is that during endurance runs, which can go for quite a long time, the game starts slowing down to unbearable levels. I think I've read that this is because the game if Flash-based, and Flash can't handle large loads of objects. Hopefully, the developers will port the next game in the series to Steam in something other than Flash, or whatever causes the obnoxious slow down. This would easily cut the length of endurance runs by half."
76561197965872658,Recommended,296490,20586839,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Nitro[rAfA],"This is essentially a tower defence game.You build towers, but instead of upgrading the towers, you upgrade gems whichyou can put in there. 9 choices, each with very different properties.The game is very addictive; I played all Gemcraft so far, especially on Kongregate.I thought it was time to give some money to the developers,as this game is totally worth it."
,Recommended,296490,20489935,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,SnugSnug,"Its a nice tower defense with solid mechanics, interesting lore and persistent development between maps. It is however, let down by its seemingly browser like design and lack of support for fullscreen resolutions beyond stretching to fit.proscollecting and leveling of persistent bonus via talisman mechanics.skill points for persitent bonus via conventional leveling.fixed problem style maps replayable at any time and in different modesspeed change, free placement, maze making, global intervention mechanic and early wave call.lore between levels3 of 5 on badge drops.consgrindy by nature and repetative in challange.poor resolution support leading to stretched graphics or windowed mode.419 achievements to collect... if you're into that sort of thing.worth it on sale if one likes tower defense games."
,Recommended,296490,22067053,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,wickdlowki,"#52 GemcraftActually a fun tower defense that gets pretty in-depth.  You simply can't over power the mobs, there's too much to account  for.  The hp, shields, speed, buffs, your buffs, it all has to be planned for.  Then you have to gem crafting angle, which is a nice concept for this type of game.  Most games like this take you through 20-40 lvls, maybe 10-15 hrs of game time, but this one takes you through 100+ lvls, then you have buffs and different lvls of difficulty adding up to a serious value for the money.This is a must for any tower defense lover."
,Recommended,296490,21634446,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Toni Genji,The most interesting tower defense i've ever played! Look out..it's cooler than you can imagine so put off your doings and try this fantastic game :)
,Recommended,296490,21859753,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Salvia Hardon,"The GemCraft series has pioneered my absolute favorite concept in the tower defense genre.The idea of directly spending resource to generate higher risk/difficulty/reward. Spending resources to make incoming waves more difficult, which in turn, end up dropping even more resources. This ensures that GemCraft will be able to *always* challenge you at any phase of the game, on any map, because you will always have incentive to make each individual wave as difficult as you possibly can.Now, what I'd say the GemCraft series does very poorly is balancing its gem(tower) types and encouraging variety. Instead, there are very super optimal setups that are very homogenous (ie, not diverse). I will not give these away in the review, since discovery is one of the few fun parts available due to this.Check the hours played of myself and others - there is clearly a lot of content here to properly hook somebody."
76561198042509072,Recommended,296490,33568440,Posted: 15 July,all,Doomey,"Best Tower Defense game in the history of tower defensesEven better than the complete Bloons TD series combined.I played a lot of TDs, e.g.: Kingdom Rush, Sanctum, Orcs must die!, Cursed Treasure, the old WC3 TDs and even Gemcraft:Labyrinth oder Gemcraft Chapter 0, but this is the TD you've been looking for.And its cheap af, i mean, wait for a sale, than this cost less than a Big Mac."
,Recommended,296490,20411424,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Bodomi,"This has to be the... best tower defence game I've played.. ever.The amount of options you have when it comes to upgrading skills, the way you can combine gems(gems are you towers, for anyone who hadn't figured that out), the talisman system and the way of how you unlock levels is awesome.And hey, achievement collectors, get ready to collect 419 achievements.In my personal opinion this game is completely fleshed out, the gameplay experience is great, no flaws, as far as I am concerned, after 15 hours of gameplay.Risk, reward.This games risk-reward system is amazing, you can bomb levels that are about to come with gems to enrage the level, increasing the HP, amount of monsters and amount of armour they have, but you gain mana(Mana is your 'money' in this game)+XP for it, do you want to bomb 2 levels for some mana+xp and risk loosing or do you want to keep it safe? You can even build strategies on some levels around this.The game also has traits, traits are some things you can bump up for each level, for example you can make all the monsters have more armour(scales from 1 to 7), you can make it so you only receive your mana earned every 10 seconds while playing, making levels come faster, up to 50% faster, in return for a large XP bonus multiplier, the game also has 3 different difficulties(difficulties are tied to each level, the entire game is not hard if you set it to hard, you set each levels difficulty).This game handles the risk-reward system very good, it's absolutely brilliant, I was very impressed by that.The actual gameplay is well paced(yes, the game has fast forward options), it keeps you entertained and it's very fun and oh man, it is very addicting.The game has a story but it's not really that entertaining, every now and then you unlock 1 or more pages of lore/story/whatever you want to call it, each page is about 30 words long, in my experience all they do is add to the dark and grim atmosphere of the game, I'm not invested in an actual story like I am when I'm playing Walking Dead(an extreme example but you get the point).9/10, amazing game, an absolute must buy if you're into tower defence games, I strongly recommend it if you want to dip your feet in a tower defence game for the first time as well."
,Recommended,296490,19560764,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,ExcretumNecris,"I have always liked the GemCraft series, since I first discovered it as free Flash Games on Armor Games.All of the entries to the franchise are tower defense games, that successively paid more and more attention to building up content and refining game mechanics.There is a story to the game, which frankly feels like it has been put there to just not have no story, but these kind of games really can do without a thrilling plot - even more so since the gameplay changes feel like a success to me. And that is kinda the important part: Even though I highly consider myself a person that doesn't like change, I was familiarizing really quick with the new elements and wouldn't want to go back. The new additions make the game more customizable as ever before, so you can play your own style of game and still succeed more than likely.I already put above 30 hours into the game and it still doesn't look like I have come close anywhere near the end. Up until the point where I am, maps also don't seem repetitive to me and coming back for them, when you acquired new gear or skills can make them feel totally different again.My only con to the game is the performance which sometimes (even on waves around 100) can go down, especially after casting certain spells. I feel like it's a limitation of the engine they used, I don't think it's my system :]In conclusion: If you like crafty games, where you can choose your own methods and if you enjoyed any of the predecessors or similiar games from the tower/lane defense genres (like ""Orcs Must Die!"" or ""Plants vs. Zombies""), then do yourself a favor and pick this gem up.In the course of 2016's Steam Autumn sale I nominate this game for the ""Just 5 More Minutes"" Award, because of how addictive and long-lasting the challenge of this game is."
,Recommended,296490,33526831,Posted: 13 July,all,Shannon Rythcorm,"Enjoyable, typical tower defence game with a few twists."
76561198095963544,Recommended,296490,16933521,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,I_am_Jens,"Calling GemCraft a tower defense game would be like calling the batmobile a car. The basic idea is the same: there are paths that the monsters take to your orb and you have to build defenses to stop them. However, GemCraft has by far the most unique features of any TD game. Let's go through a few of them.-Rather than having a few types of towers with different abilities, you have one tower. Which, upon placing it, does nothing. You need to socket gems in it. There are 9 types of gems, each with their own effects. I hear you think, 'how is this different from 9 types of towers?'. The answer to that is that you can combine each of these gems with other types to your liking. For example, you could have a pure poison gem, that does a lot of poison damage, but mediocre attack damage. You could also make a dual slowing/armor shredding gem, which would both slow enemies and decrease their armor, although both effects will be weaker than if they were in an pure gem. However, the dual gems damage would be higher.-In addition to towers there are also traps, which will enhance a gems specials, but decrease its damage. The final building you can place are amplifiers, which will boost adjacent gems stats and (if the same type) specials.-Your currency, mana, is also your health. When a monster reaches your orb you automatically spend a small amount of mana to banish the monster so it reappears at the start of the path. This makes the player be more considerate about upgrading gems, since too little mana reserve means that a few monsters could destroy your orb.-The ability to anger waves. You can drop a gem bomb on a wavestone, using mana, which will make that wave have more and stronger monsters. However, they will also give more xp and mana! Try to see how much you can anger without getting overwhelmed.-Every one of the ~190 maps can be beaten on 3 difficulties, and with 9 battle traits to increase both the difficulty and xp gain. If certain new maps become too difficult, try going back and beating some older maps with more traits to gain more xp.-There are many ways to play. Grinding is never needed to beat the game, but if you want to grind, the option is there, although it would probably make the rest of the game more boring. Maybe you want to use a bunch of gems that are lower grades, or stick to a single gem that is more powerful You could just play through the story and be done with it, or you could push the game to its limits, seeing how far you can get on endurance.-There are 25 skills that can make you stronger. However, the cost increases with the level of your skills, and skill points also give you some more mana to start maps with, so it is wise not to spend them all.The one and only complaint I have about this game is its horrible preformance. Since it runs on flash it will drop to 1 fps or even less when there are thousands upon thousands of enemies on the screen. However, these situations will only be encountered if you want to push the game's limits. If you are a casual player you will not have any problems with this.GemCraft is one of the best games I've ever played and I would definitely recommend it, especially for tower defense fans: prepare for a game that will change the way you view the tower defense genre! If you're still not convinced you can always try out the free version on ArmorGames, where also the previous 3 games in the series can be found. They're not needed for the story, and the gameplay is far inferior, but you might still want to try them out."
76561198045180016,Recommended,296490,19476469,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Johnny B. Good,The best Tower Defense game I have played so far.Absolutely worth it to buy at full price!
,Recommended,296490,21201698,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,mippzon,"This game doesn't look good, that's just my honest feeling. But don't let that scare you, the game is highly addictive and pretty hard sometimes. Just one more round..."
,Recommended,296490,19644978,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,KeldonSlayer,"As expected wonderful, almost exactly the same as the version I played on armorgames, except no stupid donation garb, no flash player restriction, and full screen mode :D, I love it."
,Recommended,296490,20460960,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Jaslow75,"Very good TD, surprisingly in-depth when you get to higher levels (yes, there's a levelling system and it's great) and the many achievement points actually reward you in-game. Overall one of my favourite games from my library, many hours of fun. Worth whatever you end up paying for it."
,Recommended,296490,20269311,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,javaj,"Great depth for tower defence game, it worths full price"
76561198031201090,Recommended,296490,35260063,Posted: 28 September,all,SirCerberus,"One of the few truly great TD games on Steam that's also *pure* TD instead of some sort of genre hybrid.Instead of placing towers as you would in other TD games, Gemcraft's towers don't do anything on their own. They have an empty  slot that holds a gem, and the gem dictates what the tower does. The gems themselves don't have much pizzazz, only 9 in total and when placed in a tower they all look and behave very similarly except for color. Similar range, damage, etc. with some modifiers. (Slow, chaining, steals currency,...) The gimmick is that you can combine gems to mix their effects. They don't generate new effects (see the super cool Android game Myth Defense to see what that's like) but that makes them easier to understand, which can be good because the game has a lot going on at any given moment.Resource management, tower placement, path shaping, are all there, but there's many small systems on top that make the game as a whole remarkably complex. The uses for gems are the biggest contributor - aside from using gems for towers and floor-based ""traps"" (alternate tower essentially) you can also use gems as bombs, permanently destroying them instead of slotting them into a tower. You can also bomb the UI icon for an upcoming wave of enemies to ""enrage"" the wave and make it more difficult, increasing the number of enemies and their health and armor. Additionally, each tower has a handful of AI settings as well to fine-tune your monster-killing apparatus.Outside of the moment-to-moment action, the game is most comparable to Dungeon Warfare due to (1) the ability to use modifiers to make the game intentionally harder so that you can get more XP from a stage, (2) having XP level the player up, and (3) having levels translate to skill points that you allot on various abilities before entering battle. The skills are more varied than DW though, and the penalties you can apply to yourself are in many cases more impactful. On top of this are a couple of interwoven systems of acquiring and leveling up collectible items that augment your game, something rarely seen in TD games and a welcome layer of complexity here. These systems make it so the strategy outside the game, before you even enter a stage, are a game unto themselves.All in all easily worth $20 so a total steal at the usual $10 and a no-brainer when it's on sale.Compared to other pure TD games I've played on Steam, it sits alongside Defense Grid, Dungeon Warfare, Defender's Quest, Creeper World 3, and Super Sanctum TD as games that are more than worth their money."
,Recommended,296490,30498675,Posted: 13 March,all,Aggressive Gynecologist,"Computer crashed while playing (for unrelated reasons) and when I started up the game again, my 30+ hour save file was missing.It's still a good game that you will get your money's worth, if you want a game to wind down to after a long day. I feel like the learning curve is sort of steep, though, there they introduce a bunch of upgrades and challenges that convolute the whole game, which is fine if you're a fan of this series, which has had several free predecessors that slowly introduce all these mechanics to you."
76561198007471259,Recommended,296490,20214092,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Adrian,"9/10, this is one of the best Tower/Defense games out there, and it is HUGE! After 72h, I have not even seen 75% of my first playhtrough, and there are 3 difficulty settings which change the rewards you can change on the fly... really rewarding Xp system, and a ton of achievements, which all provide skill points in game to make you stronger...You learn new skills, spells which help, upgrade your gems, and discover new malus cards which make the game harder, but give more Xp, so you need to find the right balance. On certain maps, you need to fulfill special requirements within the mission to unlock new tombs with new rewards. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,296490,28892049,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,SixHealthOfFury,"A lot of quality of life features were removed from the free version of Gemcraft since the second game. It costs $5 for the premium flash version  of this game and is a hassle to maintain the license code to maintain the save file. Therefore, if you want to do things that made the game easier like bonuses from triple gem combinations, .etc, then get this. Even better, you can often buy it below the $5 asking price of the Flash version on here. It's practically a no brainer for those who want to enjoy more Gemcraft.Best part is the extended demo known as the Flash version is easy to find and play if you're curious about the quality of this great game."
76561198072771609,Recommended,296490,18719060,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Massacrations,"I am a big fan of Tower Defense games, and I can say without a doubt this is the best one I've ever played.First, there is a ton of content. over 190 levels, with most of them having 3 difficulties + an endurance mode are sure to keep you busy for hours and hours.Second, the gameplay. While this is a tower defense game, there are some RPG alements mixed in, and as you clear fields you gain levels and skill points, which form a satisfying progression that can be felt heavily in the game. Playing the game itself is also a breeze, thatnks to the fact that practically everything is keybound and you can pause the game to take action.Third, the difficulty. The difficulty in this game is heavily scalable. In addition to the 3 difficulty modes, you can set battle traits to increase things like enemy health and get more xp out of it. It's a high-risk, high-reward system that works very well.Also, the game has a nice story, even if you haven't played the previous games on the series."
76561198022907259,Recommended,296490,35093316,Posted: 20 September,all,Hudson,"The best tower defense game.  It will keep you busy for at least 200 hours if you want to get all achievements, but even then the game isn't finished."
,Recommended,296490,20480412,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,SouLSLayeR,I now want to become a professional lapidary.
76561198000942568,Recommended,296490,16003328,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Noetherian,"This is the best Tower Defense game that I have played since Defender's Quest. The basic game has a simple and elegant design, but as you progress in the game, additional complexity is gradually layered on top of the basic game. Additionally, the game has a ton of well-designed levels and a clever scaling-difficulty system that leads to many, many hours of potential gameplay."
,Recommended,296490,17305942,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,yummypie14,theres only 419 achievements :(
,Recommended,296490,15641726,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Ro,"Finally a game of this masterpiece saga of the tower defense genre gets to steam.TLDR review:+ Good port of this game, finally you'll be able to do the endurance mode without fearing for flash to crash!+ Gameplay is still solid as a rock+ Long, long game. Seriously+ Replayability value over the roof.+ Lots of performance and eyecandy option (as the original flash game)+ Resizable window !+ Satisfying ""pop"" ""pop"" sounds when you kill creeps+ Toggle Option to pause if clicked offgame.+ ""compass maps"" are now marked in the minimap! (this is quite a nice touch for the late late game!)= I guess it includes all the ""premium"" content you need to pay for in the flash version ( gem, some exclusive maps). For people who don't know, there were some small little bits (a gem and some maps) in the armorgames dot com version you needed to pay some € to unlock (i recall 3 or 5 euros).Considering the game was free, and that this guy made 4 of these games i bought it, no regrets.This game is 10~ euros, and includes that. There's no IAPS in sight :)= Assets look pixelated at full screen at 1080p. Still an improvement over the small original flash game size.= Found no way to transfer savegames from ArmorGame or such into this.  You can breeze through the levels if you are familiarized with it :)- same soundtrack as the usual game.The Gemcraft saga is a tower defense series with a twist : You craft gems (duh, the name!) and socket them into towers or traps. The plot revolves around the mysterious figure of the ""queen"" or the ""shadow"", which the gemcrafting mages accidentally summoned long time ago (or so tells the legend) . Soon after that they tried to seal again and again, even with the power of the ultimate gem ... but she broke free.This game (the 4th one) picks up after the events of a previous one, where a young mage (you) tried to stop her from reaching the world's most powerful place ...If you want to check the gameplay first (or even read the story as it unfolds) I strongly recoment going to Armorgames and play them.Beware, this game is addictive. It has huge replayability value, and the gameplay is solid."
,Recommended,296490,16338303,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Galehann,Best tower defense ever !
,Recommended,296490,16525483,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,[A] Song of Ice and Fire,"Light as feather - only 88MB - but contain a lot of contentsIf you are fan of tower defense and interested in gems, this game is for youGrabbed it in Summer Sale 2015, worth 3.39$"
,Recommended,296490,18007260,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Spiffo [asianwave.ru],True brilliant for TD fans.
76561198042233554,Recommended,296490,29113723,Posted: 8 January,all,sparky451,"Fantastic Tower defence game, worth the buy if you enjoy these games. Im keen for the next step in the franchise."
,Recommended,296490,29453084,Posted: 23 January,all,PreaFericitu' rZv,Old SchoolBest TD ♥
,Recommended,296490,19447192,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Zelus,Damn it! It's addictive! >:(
,Recommended,296490,16533761,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Jab,"A surprisingly deep TD built around player customization and is as long as you want to make it. So many elements can be customized to control how difficult(and rewarding) a play is. You can turn every level into an endless run for boosted exp, augment specific waves of enemies to make them harder, a meta game customization in the form of slotting items into a talisman for more effects.If I had to knock the game for anything, the UI could have been a little more informative regarding what things do, enemy stats and danger, but all that is simply learned through play."
,Recommended,296490,26609421,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Zuma,I recommend it but stay away if you have an addictive personality. I tell myself just 1 more map and next thing I know I have a beard with 14 cereal bowls on my desk.
76561198107669471,Recommended,296490,20582774,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,FernandoIT@,"this game is a little jewel...oups is a little gem :) ,and then have a lot of achievements ;)"
,Recommended,296490,20796337,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Narquois ☝,Yes.
,Recommended,296490,34609145,Posted: 30 August,all,[404] HiZere| Pvpro.com,"I, They Mighty Lvl 4605 Wizard comes teh to tell you a Warning! When you enter This realm you will encounter Stranger Monsters, Take This GEM and Place it on this Tower up theh. Teh Tower will give teh GEM teh might to Destroy theh Monsters, BUTT take care of the Witch! She knows you as good as you know her! At last i will give you this ORB, it will give you the Power to UPGRADE YOUR GEMS! So defend it at all costs! Now go my apprentice, Travel the World and become as Mighty as i am..."
,Recommended,296490,34096571,Posted: 7 August,all,ProbleMatic,A game that was originally free on some website I'm sure i got a virus and malware from when i was 6-8 y/o. Now on steam? Hell yeah call back to childhood here i come. And not dissatisfied.
,Recommended,296490,20257932,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,DarkriteLORD,"Anyone who loves or just like Tower Defence games will ADORE this game! It offers unique gameplay and strengths based on the use of gems, each gem has it's on unique attack, Slow, Armor Pierce, Poison, etc. It offers an enormous amount of variety to gameplay. The artstyle is also very unique and lively. Playing this game will make you really appreciate the creativity and love the developers put into this artwork/masterpiece of a Tower Defence game."
76561198008802782,Recommended,296490,16463137,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,acravasian,"A most fantastic TD game, have been playing the online free to play games for a very long time this is something i gladly laid out some money for.This version has some good mechanics and really carries on the spirit of the former games."
76561197993052313,Recommended,296490,16429679,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Dinkleberg,"I love this game and have been playing the series back from when they released on armorgames. You can still play it there for free with a majority of the content there. I am not exactly sure what exactly is missing because I purchased this oon steam as soon as I saw it but if it is anything like the other games in the series you can get agreat taste for the game for free. I played the other gemcraft games for hundreds of hours before I donated to the developer. I just hope that the older games will get moved to steam as well, I would love to play them through again just for the story.For some cons, at the end of the day its still a flash tower defense game, if $10 feels like it is a bit steep for something you can play online for free then thats perfectly ok. I purchased it because I love this dev and want to see more. After a while it can feel repetative, but I feel that that only happens to me when I don't bother to increase the difficulty of the levels and in this version it gives you even more options to do so. But if you don't want to have to manage your own difficulty level to suit your needs then maybe look elsewhere. The game is long and if you play each level on the easiest difficulty then you probably will get bored eventually. If this is your first foray into the series you will be lost in the story. It picks up where the last gemcraft ended and provides you with some backstory but not nearly as much as I would have liked. However, the other games are all free so there is no reason not to go back and play them if you want. The graphics are not spectacular, but they have their unique style and it helps when you have something like 400 units coming on the screen at one time and being attacked by 20 different towers.Overall this is a great game in a great series and I cant wait to see more from this dev. There is no reason to not at least go to armorgames and give it a try and see if its your thing or not. Just make sure you throw the dev some thanks if you enjoy it."
76561198024050400,Recommended,296490,17504056,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,iHugTrees ^_^,"Amazingly a deep Tower Defense game, with a gentle learning curve.  I'm blown away by the complexity and elegance.Yes, I'm addicted.  If you're a fan of TD games, and you don't play this, you're a traitor!!! :)"
76561198152961302,Recommended,296490,16453682,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,BrimiM,Warning: Gemcraft can be quite addicting. I managed to rack up 24 hours of gametime in three days when I first started playing this one.
,Recommended,296490,17910589,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Aesandre,"If you want to get a flavour for this game, go and play GemCraft Labyrinth.Chasing Shadows gives you more of that same satisfying Tower Defense experience with solid mechanics and satisfying progression. Guaranteed to satisfy Tower Defense fans."
,Recommended,296490,15646907,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Riney,"After playing the Armor Games flash version, getting the steam version, with updated features, as well as additions to the core game seemed like an obvious choice.  I've followed this game on the Game in a Bottle blog for months, waiting paitently for the release, then the Steam version.  I can confidently say, I'm glad I could wait as long as I did.Gameplay is fantastic, blowing away the Tower Defense genre with unique features similar to an MMORPG.  With the ability to grow skills, customize your strengths with the talisman, and grow by constantly throwing yourself at the same levels with constant increases to difficulty, this game will manage to suck away hours, while staying fresh for a while.Then theres the hardcore side of things.  Endurance runs to actually BEAT a level.  It's a faux-endless, but every stage can be beaten.  And your power never stops growing.For the gamer who is an upgrade enthusiast, this is the game for you."
76561198031146338,Recommended,296490,17983817,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Hawk uno,"So, what is there to say about this game that hasn't already been said (especially the review by Genoce)? Well, not that much. I mean, it's not a TD game for everyone, that I will admit. With 190 levels, a gazillion ways to tweak skills and difficulty settings, and the way to combine gems to create just what you want, it does have a higher treshold of entry than most such games. But if it does get its hooks in you, then wave goodbye to the next 100+ hours or so of your gaming schedule. And so this review should pretty much end.However, I'd like to also respond to some of the negative criticisms in the game, which is going to take up a lot more space:""It's too random, what with the specters and shadows.""While it's technically true that these add an element of uncertainty, it's not that random (for one thing, you get warnings beforehand that it's about to happen), and it's therefore most certainly possible to plan for it. In fact, once you know how to deal with those things, then even if a shadow show up on wave 5, they'll never be a problem. And personally, the levels I've felt where randomness was more of an issue are the special Vision levels, because they're meant to be tight fights at all times. Sometimes they're so tight, that if your gems in the first wave tends to end up doing minimum damage shots, you've already lost. Then the next time you try said gems shoot maximum damage, and you survive and move on to clear the whole damn level.Aside from that, I've hardly ever played any TD game that is -less- random than this game (maybe the previous games in the series, but they too had it, if in different forms)! For one thing, like I said, the difficulty setting is completely and utterly under your control, and never feels arbitrary. Take Kingdom Rush in comparison; the game's later mission levels on that game requires a lot of planning -and- early wave luck (i.e. good damage on the first few hits)... And that was on casual difficulty. Normal and Difficult requires nothing less than utter perfection in every single detail there. And Cursed Treasure 2 has levels entirely depending on early mana flask drops if you want three stars. This game, mana flow is forever something you can do something about, and you have a lot more freedom in placing your towers. There's nothing happening in this game that you cannot react to (except the aforementioned low-damage early shots in the vision fields).Oh, and it seems like the amount of Shadows appearing has been severely downgraded compared to earlier versions of the game. I'm currently""It is too grindy, especially if you want a complete game.""Well... Yes. It's true. I mean, if you know what you're doing, you can sweep through the main levels doing them all only one time each, and the Vision levels are completely set in terms of what gems and spells you have, so obviously any amount of grinding won't help you beat them. But if you want a complete game, you'll have to replay levels, yes. And yes, the levels are pretty long too, because this game is about making a set-up....Which is something you do in every TD game that's worth a damn anyway. And at least if you want to grind here, you have to be clever about it, since it will always only be the highest score you get in any given level that counts. Also, don't forget Gemcraft Chapter 0. If you wanted a complete game there (i.e. each level completely shining), you had to replay every level 8 times. 8. Frickin'. Times. Here, you can get away with twice each (once on Looming and once on Haunting difficulty, ignoring Glaring), and if you unlock Haunting early, a fair few can be beaten with only one attempt.""There's barely any mazing.""Again, pretty much true. You don't spend that much time setting up walls to lead the monsters exactly where you want... And that is a bloody good thing too, because every TD I've played that's required excessive mazing on every level are immensely boring; with the fields usually being mainly empty except for a few ocstables that prevents you from optimal mazing every time. Who needs that crap? I sure don't.""Once you find the optimal strategy, it's nothing else to do.""Again true (I sense a pattern here)... And I'm not going to defend this per se, except saying that in the Gemcraft series as a whole, much of the point is about figuring out how to exploit everything. And I personally -like- games that gives you the option of doing that, provided they make sure that (barring going online and looking up other people's work) it's a challenge to find out how to exploit it. And this game's got that challenge. Way back when I first played this on AG, I thought I had a pretty good deal going on with the things I'd made up... and then I read about how other people had found stuff that put my strategies to utter shame (though they had the Magician's Pouch; I hadn't. I still wouldn't have figured out that other stuff in a million years, though).Still, my non-Magician Pouch based strategy was good enough for me to then beat field O6 at Wizard Level 56. Others had problems with that field 30 or more wizard levels above mine, so that was nice. :DAnyway, as you can see, I'm not always disagreeing with these criticisms, and you as a buyer should take them into consideration, as that this is a very, very specialised Tower Defense game. But I certainly like it, and since it is available to try out for free on several flash game websites, you'll have the opportunity to try it out for yourself. And I think you should. ;)"
76561197972094231,Recommended,296490,15633881,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Tyrone Braxton ◕_◕,BEST. TD. EVER.
76561198040615786,Recommended,296490,28879425,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,wilkinson.p,By far the best tower defence game I've played.
76561198069233221,Recommended,296490,15663496,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Dank Memes,"""Like Skyrim with gems"" - IGN"
,Recommended,296490,16666482,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Tikonderoga,I hate the day I bought it. Could have played Witcher 3 instead.
,Recommended,296490,21263485,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Great_Snake,Hard to learn but overall an amazing tower defense.
,Recommended,296490,20612127,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Brownittoya,Well developed and matured tower defence game that i played way back in the day. love it
,Recommended,296490,15663896,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,cassembler,"Like crack, in both the good and the bad ways."
,Recommended,296490,15631979,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Obra Vastia,Excellent tower defence rpg game. Must buy for fans of the genre.
76561198005384451,Recommended,296490,15633770,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,shai,After spending many hours on flash version now I can spend many hours on steam edition. Great TD game with lots of options and great replaybility.
76561197993408445,Recommended,296490,16107059,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Azazelis,"Really fun game that keeps you involved for hours. Tons of levels, great scaling difficulty."
,Recommended,296490,16811037,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,ox,"1. Gameplay: 7/10You get ""tower base"" which can be built on the allowed terrain; including the path of the monsters, but mostly the path is too narrow to build without blocking their path. You can then craft gems, combine gems, upgrade gems and socket them into these tower base.Completing levels give you exp. You can make the levels/waves tougher and add exp modifiers. This exp is used to level up your character. Each level gives you 7 skill points, which can be spent on unlocked skills. Skills are unlocked by completing objectives in certain levels.2. Level Design: 5/10The levels are rather quite restrictive. Most of the times it's quite obvious as to where to build the towers. There are very few levels which encourage heavy mazing.In the 8 hours I played this game, I found the gameplay to be rather repititive, specially because of the level design.3. Soundtrack: 2/104. Story: Irrelevant/can be ignored.5. Aesthetics: 4/106. 1080p, fullscreen/borderless window: YES.7. Final thoughtsThe game is worth picking up because you will defintely enjoy the first 10 hours. After that, it's kind of a hit or miss. I, personally, abandoned the game after 8 hours simply because I got my fill out of it. You can also try a free version of the game available@kongregate.comI got the game in a sale for ~$3.5 and it was defintely worth the money."
,Recommended,296490,25227584,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Dalorath,"This game is probably one of the best Tower defence type games on the market. There is a large variety of options and upgrades and if your into story line, it has that too as you progress.If your into tower defence games, or even if youve never tried one before, This is one to check out."
,Recommended,296490,20466569,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,WaKKO151,Best tower defense game. Hands down. Its simple and yet complex. Easy to learn hard to master. has endless replayability and customization. You don't have this? What is wrong with you?
76561197999296804,Recommended,296490,15678377,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Versive,Excellent game.  Plenty of variety in how you approach character development and map management.
,Recommended,296490,15662766,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Deaditslife,;D YAY FOR NO CAP SKILLS <3
,Recommended,296490,16084399,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,sWeeTy | illuminati cat <:3,4 games in total and this one is just the best. I would like more story pages tho.Keep the good work and CHAPTER 3 ALREADY!!!
,Recommended,296490,29054574,Posted: 6 January,all,Kplate,Flash game on drugs. Best tower defense game I know.
,Recommended,296490,15715975,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,LotusBlade,"P.S. Russian review:http://igrotop.com/games/gemcraft_chapter_2_chasing_shadows/posts/obzor_gemcraft_2_chasing_shadows'King's Bounty' series is the best tower defense game for pc in my oppinion, yet Gemcraft Chapter 2 is right next to it and will definetly take much more time from me. This is well polished and super content-wide game. The problem with most tower defense games is their short campaign, but here we have a hundreds of levels X 3 difficulties, so its always enaught things to do. The amulet is really good idea for a game, which makes it feel more like RPG (Diablo-style). Not that many games feature such a nice randomisation of monsters and items (talisman fragments).The other good side is very wide options, so every player can work around visuals a lot. Resolution looks good on my 1920x1080 and FPS is high at max settings with quite an old PC. Also its rare to find a good atmosphere for towers-game — thanks to those graphics, visuals and weather it feels deep and satisfying. But the most significant is the traits system, which makes this game super unique even among RPG-s and H&S genres.The only problem is: to play it at full power, i will have to find and deliver a whole day just for Gemcraft 2. And thats good, since Terraria and Titan Quest was the only games being able to cause such interest for me. And this game is pretty much cheap for its wide content.-----And a negatice article... I really dont like an idea of getting 2-7 or even more wizard levels at once after beating a single map at the early-game. The leveling system would feel much better if you could gain those levels slowly. Also for me its pretty hard to figure out which map was first beaten and which was the second and so on. After you upgrade and gain more strenght you are coming to replay old levels, but, unfortunatly, there is no good guide or assistence on understanding which map you should re-clear right now to get benefits. That causing a confusion, since i am forsed to note every single level after beating it. Moreover, its hard to find levels placements, since they all look the same from World Map view and there is no even explanation which letter is first / second / etc. But hey, thats just my own problems with game, it dosnt mean everyone will suffer from similar feelings."
,Recommended,296490,16369001,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,monoprice gaming mouse,I played a ton of the flash game and I enjoy the steam version a lot loads of achivments to unlock and tons of replayablity
76561197978131107,Recommended,296490,19552514,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Superbeef,"The year is 2016. President elect Donaldo Trumps is ushered into the White House under the darkest of skies. The oath of office hasn't yet passed his whispered lips, but a relieved Obama has already left. The back porch door swinging in the wind, his family bussed off to a a mountain retreat somewhere safe.The world is at war, and only the combined forces of the U.S. Military and Penn & Teller's streetwise can stand against the infinite waves of ISIS 2.0GemCraft takes gems to a whole new level, beyond what any of us could have ever anticipated in a  trillion years. This is the future. This is now. This is GemCraft. Experience it.. if you dare!"
76561198035697980,Recommended,296490,15629552,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,zappa,The defining TD game.  Game of the year at Armor Games.10/10 gems.
76561197981876676,Not Recommended,296490,25034605,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,digideus,"Gemcraft was always the daddy of tower defense games and kept me entertained for a long time, but this one is simply not as good.  I have persevered with this game for a long time (years in fact), coming back to it several times since I purchased it, but ive come to the conclusion that its just not that enthtalling and I often find myself looking for alternatives.As good as previous episodes of Gemcraft were, this is WAAAAAAAAYYYYY too micro management intensive and has an almost impenetrably dense damage calculation system that you have to learn if you want to progress in the game.  its a bit like learning to speak a foriegn language just to ask for a sandwich.  Once you have learned it, you realise very quickly that 80% of the game engine is pointless fluff and you just need 3/4 colours of gems to do anything in this game.Also, I think for any new player, be aware that there are far too many eliteist players on forums not willing to help new players and have turned this game (and i fear the entire series) into a complete waste of time.  Gemcraft: Labyrinth was amazing, but the micromanagement changes to this game leave you cold.The graphics and sound are amazing and epic and set the mood nicely, and the narrative story is enthralling, but as soon as you get to the point of completing the single player campaign, it soon becomes a repetitive grind/slog through endless and unbeatable endurance runs to increase your level to the point that you have enough skill points to actually stand a chance to get past level 400.As much as the online guides are good, the fact that someone has made a guide that calculated damage output to such detail fills me with a deflated sense of ""why am I playing this?"".  What first seems to be endless fun becomes an endless drag.Quite simply, after the initial enthrallment of this game, the boring endless annoyance sets in and you ask yourself why you are bothering.  If playing 45+hour levels are acceptable to you, may I suggest as an alternative that you turn the computer off and go outside?.  Theres a whole life out there that youre missing out on.  Life is too short for the level of dedication you require to just complete ONE LEVEL OF THIS BLOATED GAME, let along progress to the point where you can clear 999 waves of monsters consistantly.And thats before we get to the lag..... OMG YOU HAVE NEVER SEEN A GAME LAG LIKE THIS!!!!  this should be the defacto standard of playing games.  If your system can handle an endurance run without lagging, its good.  if not, dont bother!Ive played this game many times, completed the single player campaign, completed all fields on every difficulty with every trait enabled... completed all the vision fields and I am currently level 2764..., but I am still nowhere near completing a single endurance run on this, and that is why this game fails.  buy it because its cheap... lament at the stupid comments on forums and the unplayable endurance mode"
76561198049404217,Recommended,296490,23993773,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,© Dobrojenzi,"I dont write reviews,but this game is thumbs up."
76561198044182522,Recommended,296490,16030130,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,|Ordo| TwoK,<3 <3 <3
,Recommended,296490,20289865,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,you'll float too,Awesome game..but this game gave me headache..
,Recommended,296490,23742367,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,chesse20,best tower defense game ever made is on steam and it the cost of a cs:go key when its on sale and its epic. frickin love making the gems and then watching the gems shoot the bugs. sometimes theres giants as well and they have too much hp and i hate them and they are losers!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,296490,15882885,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,EVEREADY SALSA,"10/10 IGNIt's one of those flash game ports thats developers like to cash in on.Not only is it a good flash game, it is wholly deserving of your shekels."
,Recommended,296490,15630288,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,AStainlessSteelRat,"One of the best Tower Defense games ever made, this is the pinnacle of an absolutely amazing series.  Yes, you can play this for free on Armor Games, but if you've got any love for TD, these guys deserve your money!"
,Recommended,296490,15722918,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Techbane,"I've taken a shining to very few tower defense games, but this one is a particularly impressive piece of work. Masses and masses of content and well thought out mechanics in an ever escalating cascade of insanity. It is NOT an easy game by any means, but it all feels quite well-balanced, and rewards you for challenging yourself. My only real gripe is that the primary way the game handles escalating difficulty is by throwing monsters with higher and higher health and armor values at you; which seems like a natural progression, but the armor values quickly escalate to the point where any defenses that aren't absolutely top-level for the part of the stage that you're at, won't even put a scratch on the enemies. This means that the optimal strategy for almost any stage is to have one, maybe two towers that you pump all your upgrades into (along with a few traps and amplifiers), because if you spread out your resources you'll be utterly ♥♥♥♥ed when the armored giants roll in. It's still tense as hell and requires constant management, but it seems like it could be more of a spectacle with encouragement to install a bigger spread of towers.That being said, it is addictive as hell, well worth the asking price, and easily one of the most impressive TD games ever made."
,Recommended,296490,19230239,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Redrusty66,"Great game, huge amount of achievements and fun enough to keep you moving forward. very unique tower defense game, interestin mechanics, smooth operation and have never encountered a bug. Quite challenging but not oppressive, interesting upgrade system adds to the overall gameplay. No TD fan should be without it in their collection."
,Recommended,296490,16406088,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Jonathan,Amazing game.Tons of achievements and leveling.Complex and very fun; you rarely spend much time waiting.Great fast forward button.Everything has a hotkey.
,Recommended,296490,18321814,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Kitemay,"good game, bad sleep aid. :P"
,Recommended,296490,17990571,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Franknfurter,"So good I bought it twice. (Armor games and here). Thank you for making such a highly polished gem of a game.My only issues: It's a little too easy (too much xp/fragments/cores/harmless beacons all being factors). I miss the xp/scoring system of Gemcraft Labyrinth... I know it wasn't perfect and ended up being boxes to tick but it did structure each level around earning those mulltipliers and put a nice limit on xp earned. It was also nice to know which levels you had a low score on by mousing over that orb (and to need to go back to those levels because the difficulty was higher).Other than that, a great game by a singular talent. Good luck with whatever you do next, I'll look forward to playing it and to see what happens with the next Gemcraft gane whenever you delve back into things."
,Recommended,296490,23774536,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Grimtongues,"Gemcraft is an excellent tower defense game, and the series just gets better with each new game.  I highly recommend it to anyone who enjoy the genre."
,Recommended,296490,17135152,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Dr. Kevorkian,This tower defense game is pretty awesome and surprisingly deep.  I think the graphics could be better but the gameplay more than makes up for it.
,Recommended,296490,17993930,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Kr Mentels,Ever just looked through all of your games not really wanting to comit to playing something but wanting to not be bored? Well this is the game you are looking for
76561197973539391,Recommended,296490,17955184,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,AlienLoRd,"Great TD!No funny cartoons... no fancy colours... Just RAW Tower DefenceGreat value, lots of content and so many strategies to try!!My favourate TD of all times!"
,Recommended,296490,23659245,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Trezl,Wonderfully addictive tower defense gameplay with tons of possible strategies and upgrade paths.
76561198083310448,Recommended,296490,21140398,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Lunar Wang Shaft,"Plays game on new computer.3/4 way through, lvl 71updates OSsteam cloud has old files, lvl 32updates all files to old files.thanks steam, 4-5 hours of work gone."
76561198015839063,Recommended,296490,30613367,Posted: 19 March,all,[D]jango,"Excellent tower defense game, easy to understand, yet somewhat challenging at times.Has depth."
,Recommended,296490,30697743,Posted: 23 March,all,mark.nau,"I'd rate it as the best tower-defense game I've ever played. Lots of interesting variation, and a cool overall progression mechanic."
,Recommended,296490,30787748,Posted: 28 March,all,HissTheCreeper,"with the ability to create custom gem combinations, this game is worth trying"
,Recommended,296490,30882743,Posted: 1 April,all,Jonfick,"I played previous gemcraft games through different websites, and this was definitely worth the purchase!"
,Recommended,296490,23043668,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Amnesty is a lie,It's good
76561198091672666,Recommended,296490,23126223,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,m y l i f e f o r q t p i e,Great game
76561198267613102,Recommended,296490,30744398,Posted: 25 March,all,Boghu Bodaghi,"Good game, but I think the storyline needs to be a bit expanded. Would recommend it."
,Recommended,296490,29352176,Posted: 19 January,all,Niob,Very complex and captivating tower defense game. And holy♥♥♥♥♥♥is there a lot of content.
76561198067493972,Recommended,296490,15919086,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,DoktorHamster,Must. Collect. All. The. Gems.What once wasShall be againwhat is nowshall fall to dust.Must. Kill. All. The. Monsters.#HamstaTested #GodCatAppurrrved.
,Recommended,296490,16994318,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Operation Bug Orchid,fun game. good story. cant wait for the next one.
76561198076229867,Recommended,296490,20048831,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Rhums,Top game
76561198027446197,Recommended,296490,20618970,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Jajajajajajajaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxa,Very good. A lot better than the free one on armorgames
,Recommended,296490,20628335,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Abe Simpson,I absolutely love tower defense games. Therefore I am often picky trying to find decent enough games that I can really get addicted to. This TD game will be one of them. My first impressions are seen in the video below. I am surprised by the amount of content for such a little price. Makes so many of the Winter Deals look like $#!^https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HeBJTSk3g0c
76561198041137029,Recommended,296490,16469363,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,sirjohnde,love it
,Recommended,296490,16690813,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,BloodyZombie117,"It's a good game, but those ""vision fields"" shouldn't exist."
76561198071567302,Recommended,296490,15794391,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Goku614209,Love this game and the entire series. played them all on AG but had to get the steam port also. I love me some Pro endgame endurance
,Recommended,296490,24321431,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Elena,"Easily the best ""tower defense"" type game I've ever played."
,Recommended,296490,18537988,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Fonny,Great game.  One of the most fun TD's games I've played.
,Recommended,296490,15882430,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Khlorghaal,When I saw this sequel to the classic I knew I had to get it.An excellently balanced RPG.Simply the best towerdefense game. Nothing compares to it.
,Recommended,296490,16000021,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,mr.Badim,"Awesome game!hundreds of levels, dozens of towers, few type of monsters that will keep you on your toes for 100+ hours."
,Recommended,296490,15819391,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,CaimsPact,"So, im a little confused. This is the 2nd game in a serie? Will I get the other chaperters seeing as I payed for ""GemCraft - Chasing Shadows""? To me it seems I have payed for the whole serie, but cant tell if I will get the rest of what I payed for. XD Again im a bit confused."
76561198105040631,Recommended,296490,21212811,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Spitty,"My favorite TD game to date! What it lacks in graphics it makes up in so much replay ability. I have logged over 20 hours in 2 weeks and I can't get enough!It's a good bit of reading to understand all of the more intricate details of the game, but once you understand all of the aspects and how to effectively use them, it starts to get a lot more fun!If you're even remotely interested in TD games this one is sure to please!"
76561197994601982,Recommended,296490,16518150,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,tyrell,looks very good
76561198026878255,Recommended,296490,20514107,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Sexual Harassment Panda,"Easily the best tower defense game I've played, just goes to show it's not the size that counts but how you use it, very small game file but the most in depth TD game I've ever played, I got into TD games with Defense grid and I have had a hard time finding one that could compete with the enjoyment I got from that game, then I stumbled across this game for $1.99 about a week ago and I've been hooked, there's so much to do, the levels just keep going and the replayability of this game appears to be endless with all the options.  Truly amazed by this game and once I make it through the base game I will try out the other fun stuff it offers.  I love the fact you can place things where you actually want to put them and aren't restricted to set places like some other TD games do.  I will keep my eyes open for future installments of this game.  No other TD game I've played comes even remotely close to how great this one is and I've played as many as I could since I got hooked after Defense grid."
76561197993306067,Recommended,296490,20575556,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Wormik,Would u jokers comparing this to Kingdom Rush shut it? Kingdom rush is a simple mobile game. It doesnt stand a chance against  a game of this caliber.#1 TD game on the market.I'd like to see some graphic/interface improvements in the next instalments though. World map is a mess :)
76561198039797784,Recommended,296490,20205928,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Gnatz,"Very nice game started as a browser game, got it on steam with a lot of improvements, some stuff they changed I was not overly joyed with but still a good game. I would recommend this game its woth the monies."
76561198077167493,Recommended,296490,17782991,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Yeahcoolz,Super Awesome TD Games
76561198098237686,Recommended,296490,17674918,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,erkki772,This is just good
76561198206158483,Recommended,296490,17800402,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Darren,"One of the best Tower Defence games I have played, on top of effectivly continuing with the story of previous games this game implements the ability to modify skills to suit play style while also giving the user a ""Talisman"" to further custimize thier game or target specific skills or enimes."
,Not Recommended,296490,17602630,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Barbe-bleue,"At low level: nice & fun.At medium/high level (300+): nearly unplayable for me. Beat a battlefield requires 40-50+ hours... but you can't save the game. Your computer (and GemCraft) must remain on for several days if you have work, study, familly, friends... This is unacceptable to me."
76561198126871117,Not Recommended,296490,17556141,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,"Cinderella, The Princess","The game concept is good, but once you get into later stage when you play endurance mode. You will be bored because of how lag the game is.The lagging will really kill your mood in playing this game."
,Recommended,296490,15664436,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,RootPew,"Well, it's GemCraft. You've likely logged dozens/hundreds of hours on its flash-based counterparts. You've likely done so on company time. You're a monster.The Good:Tried-and-tested Tower Defense Formula. One of the better/more creative systems out there.Good difficulty scalars (once you unlock them) for extra challenge.As usual, a campaign mode that's ridiculously long. You'll definitely get value for money here.The Bad:There's really not a whole lot new here, as compared with the Flash counterparts.For experienced players, the starting difficulty is far, far too easy. It can be a tedious grind to unlock additional challenge scalars/levels to bring the game up to your level.The story tie-in is a bit boring, in my opinion. But again, storytelling has never been a very strong point for TD's.The Ugly:Graphically, there's no notable upgrade from GemCraft's Flash days. It's looking pretty dated - nice sprite art as usual, but texture quality is far too low for this day and age.The Verdict:GemCraft still remains one of the most fun TD titles across any platform. Allows for a passive play-style, but offers reward for players who take a more active interest in game sessions. Its old age lends to some cobwebs around the edges; but with such a unique/trademarked gameplay style, it's difficult to fault GemCraft for not further expanding on its elements.Definitely worth the asking price - just don't go in expecting a total rebirth of the genre."
,Recommended,296490,24970493,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Kredorish,"This game isF =  is friends that do stuff togetherU =  is for you and meN =  is for anywhere at anytime at all, here in the deep blue sea."
76561197988032575,Recommended,296490,17099626,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Sleviron,"Best ""2D"" Tower Defence there is!!"
,Recommended,296490,16965044,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,HYBRID,"This game is the best game ever. Thanks for the team!Edit:I really don't know why but this game is the best game i've ever played!Even if I finish everything, I keep playing on the hardest levels and keep mana farmin!It's really fun for me!"
,Recommended,296490,30386619,Posted: 7 March,all,🍒 👻 🍧 👿 😄🐞,.
,Not Recommended,296490,18127121,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Svenski,"It's not a terrible game, but personally I don't think it's worth the time investment required to progress through the levels.  It dried up on me pretty quickly.  Good for patient people who really like minigame arcade feeling TD's, but personally I couldn't get into it, there's just better stuff out there."
76561198109569766,Not Recommended,296490,23176011,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,quxzcover,"Before reading this review, or even buying this game, go play gemcraft labryinth to find out if this game is for you.when i learned this games predessesor, Gemcraft Labryinth, had a second installment on steam, i was thrilled. but after completing most of the Labryrinth, i was greatly underwhelmed by this game. so im going to make a list of pros and cons, about why you should go play the free flash gemcraft over this one.(im only 25 stages in, so this review is up to change)PROs:- It has better art style- there are new diffrent types of gems that are creative- the mana pool automatically expands, putting a whole new spin on resource managementCONs:-  walls are smaller, and map has more detailed paths, making mazing alot harder and more costly.- you can no longer buy types of gems to use. it does force you to use diffrent strategies, but i think some gem types are just garbage, and it seems that most levels in the first 25 have poison and armor tearing, and almost none have bloodbound and manapool gems.- poison is even worse now, it does alot less damage over even more time.- im 25 stages in and it still wont let me build a amplifier- the world map is much more disorienting. its harder to find things, and its not as clear.- unlocking things is no longer based on your skill level, its based on progression. this is hands down one of the worst changes. before, it was based on level. the harder you make a level for yourself, the more levels you get, thus making you unlock more the better you are. in this version you unlock stuff by beating levels. im almot level 100, after beating 25 stages, and i can still barely raise the difficulty on levels.overall, i would enjoy this game much better if you unlocked stuff as you level, and if you could buy gem types in a level again. but i dont really think this game is nearly as good as gemcraft labyrinth, so go play that instead."
,Not Recommended,296490,20237011,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,gyaku_zuki,"Unfortunately, despite having a great PC, the game's frame rate is terrible - even with the graphics as simple as they are. I also played through the first 10 levels or so and just didn't find myself hooked, like with some tower defense games.The mechanics are poorly explained, and I found myself struggling to undertsand why to bother upgrading some of the skills, or the talisman components. Each gem has a wall of text explaining it, but the mechanics of combining gems and upgrading are poorly laid out and explained."
,Not Recommended,296490,20474186,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Max,Expected more from the Steam version. Graphics looks horrible fullscreen. Its a really good game but I really think they should update it or let it stay in browser.
,Recommended,296490,28168421,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,SandTag,"when this game came to the TD catagory most thought it would be ""another"" but we were wrongit features:*stunning graphics*a gripping storyline*great mechanics*an incredible endgame and easteregg systemthis is definetly one of the best TD games ever created,although its endgame ""exploit"" prevents it from topping my list"
76561198174770271,Recommended,296490,34700762,Posted: 2 September,all,koko,300/300I should get paid for my reviews
,Not Recommended,296490,16992283,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Chen,"Good game but not a tower defence game. You build a couple (1-3) towers, upgrade it and, nothing else. The rest of the game is spreadsheet work. Tower types are boring - tower types only differ in how they do damage. There's barely any mazing (you have to build walls, like, 2-3 of them every few maps, but that's it) because most paths are still narrow. There's barely any need to think about coverage/good positioning, because as mentioned earlier you build only a few of them (sometimes even 1) and towers shoot so fast you don't need to think about mobs of weak enemies vs single strong enemy.The main depth of the game is in the numerical works, if you're into it. There are only 3 different type of mobs - small medium and large. They differ in armor, regen, may be some extra wacky special but can be summarized as ""tanky stats"". Your tower is pretty much the same, hit armor, hit regen, crit, etc just different way to deal damage. Then there are talismans, which are small bonuses to your damage, mana etc and skills, which allow you to build tower cheapers, deal more damage etc So basically A LOT of numbers and your goal is to balance them until you win.So I suppose it's probably fun for people who enjoy a lot of spreadsheet works. But it's not tower defense."
,Not Recommended,296490,24039342,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Scott,The low resoltution(which you can't change) means you can either play in a tiny window or make you eyes bleed.With the plethora of TD games available no need to look here.
,Not Recommended,296490,28368561,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Sandstar1,Game just wiped out my savefile.  This is the second time this has happened.  So I'm done with gemcraft.
76561198081552845,Not Recommended,296490,29099485,Posted: 7 January,all,mari.massey,I don't know why or if anyone else is having trouble.  I was enjoying the game and the monsters just disappeared.  I can't get any of the gems to show me the cost or anything.  It worked fine and then just died out.  Now I get to play it without seeing where the monsters are or how close they are to anything.  Let me know if anyone else has this problem or know of a solution.
,Recommended,296490,20467001,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Wholesome Yithani!,"Alongside Creeper World, this game sets the golden standard in the strategic 'Tower Defense' genre. It's currently £1.39 as of the time I'm writing this review; the hours of enjoyment you'll get far outweigh such an investment."
,Recommended,296490,26697991,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Spitfire,Great game. If you can't beat level then grind easier one.
76561198249468334,Not Recommended,296490,28473676,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,dr.consuegrasolano,how can I access the pentagons that have been opened but have no stage to play? I have completed all stages but some pentagons on the Map remain empty.
76561198118451524,Not Recommended,296490,34678585,Posted: 2 September,all,MARZOUD,"Enormément de contenu et de possibilités offertes par ce jeu.Sûrement le top pour les puristes du Tower Defense mais pas assez ""fun"" pour moi... :("
76561198030792325,Not Recommended,296490,16775076,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Vpnko,"Everything is ok but:1. This version can't be played without internet, it requires steam connection.2. As of version 1.0.5 it lags like hell in endurance. With 2k monsters it becomes completely unplayable.And Web wersion works smooth with 8k+So don't buy it untill lag issues will be fixed."
76561198039582781,Not Recommended,296490,16549095,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,ProHigh,"Was hoping for more to be honest, The gemcraft: Labirynth was a master piece which i still play frequently. This game feels like the developers tried to be too innovative, changing up stuff that worked perfectly before. I will probably play some more of this, because I don't like writing down stuff I haven't really explored, but so far it was a big dissapointment.Edit: Played some more and I still think the game is lacking, I can't change my rating for it unfortunately.Don't misunderstand the game is not faulty nor it is bad, i quite like all version of this game, but this is far from the best one, and the others are free to play. So what I recomment is you play GemCraft labyrinth onlne, rather than this one. I would rather buy the premium version of that than this instalment of the game."
76561198007513026,Not Recommended,296490,21738295,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,malcolmmackay224,"Based on the reviews on Steam, obviously most people really like this game. Many reviewers call this their favourite TD game.I wish I felt the same way, but this game doesn't work for me. After playing it for about three hours, I can tell this game isn't for me. Problems I have with the game include:- I played about 15 levels, none had an interesting level design, they all seemed very ""samey"". On a good TD game, I can remember the details of a level long after I finished it.- I only encountered two different monster types. I know there are more, but two types after 15 levels? Look at the gameplay video, almost all the levels shown in the video have the same few monster types.- You end up setting the difficulty of each level yourself. I don't mean that you chose, for example, normal or hard difficulty. There are no difficulty levels like that, at least not for quite a while. By default, the early levels are trivial to finish. You are suppose to hit waves of monsters with gem bombs before they launch to increase the difficulty. I expect the designer to adjust the difficulty levels during testing, I don't expect to do this myself."
76561198258472949,Recommended,296490,23802180,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Neil,.
76561197967685936,Not Recommended,296490,24281789,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,^7ja^1co,It's nice that people try to devise tower defense games that are maybe a bit different from one another but this went too far.Interesting idea but there is too much micro-management and the quality of sounds is very low which gets annoying very quickly.Cannot recommend this to anyone.
76561197982567490,Not Recommended,296490,17166475,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Nathaniel Prime,"Fun initially, but becomes posesses exactly the wrong mixture of insanely hard puzzles plus a brain-numbing grinding. 190 levels... and to ""finish"" the game you have to complete all of them three times?! Not counting the special playthroughs you'll need to do to get meet goals that give you more skillpoints. All the levels require the same strategy, ultimately - build a tower near your orb, surround it with amps, and push the ""u"" key constantly for a hundred waves or so.This would almost be a good game for casual players, since the main levels are so easy. But there are one or two levels that are so ridiculously hard that they seem impossible even in theory. Avoid this game if you don't like the idea of spending several hundred hours breezing through levels with the exact same strategy, then banging your head against the wall for ten hours trying to beat one of the ""special"" challenges."
76561198041306023,Recommended,296490,20342663,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,bobbyyug,Pretty good havent even unlocked the whole map and im several hours in and still having as much fun if not even more then from when i started. This game is a must buy
,Not Recommended,296490,19714909,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Ryan Dorkoski,"WhileGemCrafthas quite the loyal following, the sheer amount of depth and relatively abstract nature of the gem lore and dizzying combination mechanics left me bored.I fault the game for being fairly inaccessible to newcomers, as well as having fairly dated graphics and interface.It just feels old, and not in a good, nostalgic way.While there is apparently metric tons of depth, I found myself quickly moving on to other titles."
76561198118398746,Not Recommended,296490,24352256,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,cvtbfg4711,"LAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAg and After some time more Laaaaaaagnot worth it !In high levels Totally Unplayable !Not fun , Not fun at all."
,Not Recommended,296490,21166291,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,ADDICTED to Judge Judy,"gemcraft - chasing shadows is a DISGUSTING MISOGYNISTIC GAME. I KNOW WHAT U DEVS WERE TRYING TO GO FOR. TRYING TO ATTRACT GAMER WOMYN TO YOUR CRAP MISGOYNIST GAME BY MAKING IT SEEM LIKE AN OVER GIRLIFIED MINECRAFT, WHICH WOULD BE A GOOD IDEA IF IT WERE AN ACTUAL SAFE SPACE FOR WOMEN. BUT WTF DEVS? U HAD TO GO AHEAD AND ""CRAFT"" THIS IMPURE GEM. WHILE I WAS PLAYING THE GAME, THE GAME IS CONSTANTLY MAKING WOMEN THE ""PROBLEM"" WITH THE MAIN CHARACTER CONSTANTLY SAYING ""SHE"" IS THE MENACE. ARE YOU TRYING TO IMPLY THAT WOMEN ARE THE ROOT OF ALL PROBLEMS? WHAT. THE. ♥♥♥♥. NOT TO MENTION THAT THIS WOMAN IS ALSO BLACK... THATS RIGHT... FEMALE PEOPLE OF COLOR ARE THE PROBLEM IN THIS WORLD ACCORDING TO THE DEV. EVERYONE! LETS UNITE AND GET THIS GAME TAKEN DOWN FROM STEAM! WE AS FEMINISTS DONT HAVE TO PUT UP WITH THIS BLATANT RACIST MISOGYNIST ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T! LETS EMAIL GABE NEWELL AND GET THIS TAKEN OFF STEAM! FOR SOCIAL JUSTICE!"
76561198044971829,Not Recommended,296490,15729037,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,dark_matter_mobius,"The reason why I'm not recommending this game is simple: You can go hunt down earlier versions on Armorgames or Kongregate (and you should, if you like/love tower defense). Yes, this game has more features, but really the gameplay is very similar between every game in this series. They don't really introduce anything that reinvents Gemcraft.However, with that said, the thumbs up or down isn't helpful with this one, because if you like Gemcraft (or you end up liking the earlier games) you should go ahead and buy this game. While the story is, well, it isn't awe inspiring, it is fairly good for a Tower Defense game. Additionally, for those who love tower defense, this series has pushed the envelope in a scene where the envelope just sort of sits there, in the corner . . . Twiddling its thumbs. So, in essence, if you like the Gemcraft series you should support the developers and this is a way to do it (and it is the only reason I bought the game). Hopefully the next game in the series will not only  push the tower defense envelope but the Gemcraft one as well."
76561198004370207,Not Recommended,296490,26020882,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,ciber_man,flash version is better
,Not Recommended,296490,15988305,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,krakilin24,"So I do not have the nostalgia from the flash game, and I am prepared to be flammed for a negative review, however the tower defense seems to leave little room for freedom in building unless you grind levels, it seems to be a ""follow the intended strategy"" TD."
,Not Recommended,296490,16904839,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,cpacifying,Too addicting to be good.
,Not Recommended,296490,15733426,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,HotShotnik,"This game, although it has a goal and story, is pretty much a sandbox Tower Defender. There are tons of ways to customize the level and difficulty, both before and during the level. It's kind of like an old arcade game, where you're trying to reach the high score and there is no defined ending.Unfortunately, the game does suffer a bit because of it. There's never a need to stop and reconsider your strategy, you can always just go around grinding for exp until you can brute force through the game. The monsters are just walking numbers with hardly any relevant features. The bosses are nice, but you usually don't need any special strategies to beat them, just keep shooting with your strongest gem. The gem types aren't well balanced at all, you always need to go for highest damage output and ignore utility because monsters will get exponentially more healthy as the time goes, but they will not get significantly faster or regen more health or anything that would make you want to use utility gems.This is very unlike games like Kingdom Rush where you have only 4 tower types (can be upgraded into some specialist towers later), huge variety of opponents and only few places to place your towers. In that game, you need build specific things to counter specific enemies. In Gemcraft? Nope, just combine yellow with red and upgrade whenever you can.There are probably some techniques needed to beat endurance (1337 waves I think) or get grade 100 gems, but even then it's mostly about grinding enough experience to be able to do it.The strong point of Gemcraft is all the customization. There's really a ton of ways you can play. But why would you? If you go too far with the difficulty buffs, you're not gonna beat it no matter what. If you go too low, you'll be bored to death. It's hard to find the sweet spot. It never feels like there's a challenge that needs strategy and wit because you can beat everything if you grind for more experience.It's a good time waster when you're tired and just want to get instant gratification by doing nothing. But 10 bucks... Nah.  Don't. There are more entertaining games you can buy for that price."
76561198067668974,Not Recommended,296490,29418329,Posted: 22 January,all,zann1001,"It's not thaaat bad, I do understand why it's so popular. Still, I can't recommend it, and here come the reasons:- It's just too easy, really. In the 10+ levels I have played so far I have been in trouble just once. There _are_ higher difficulty options, but you have to _unlock_ them through grinding for countless, boring hours.- The active-pause doesn't make this better. Using active-pause in a tower defense is just breaking the game.- The leveling up is ridiculous. Not only do you get xp for things like ""Select an enemy"" or ""Place a wall"", i.e. just for _anything_, but almost all skills are just passive boons not altering the gameplay in any way.- Also, while there are many different types of gems, their effects don't differ _that_ much actually. It really doesn't matter if you do extra damage by having a chance of ""critical hit"" or a chance of ""chain hit"".- While combining the gems does stack effects in synergistic ways, those synergies are ways too obvious, making everything even more simple.So, if you want an epic time sink and some _very_ shallow sence of achievement, or are just a die-hard fan of the genre, you might have fun with gemcraft. For me, it is more like cigarettes: just not enjoyable at the beginning, addictive yet still not enjoyable later on."
76561198048624841,Not Recommended,296490,16607146,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,SunsOfCheckers,Meh...
76561198060451363,Not Recommended,296490,32141190,Posted: 2 June,all,ioithos,"This game quickly becomes boring snd repetative. It has an interesting concept, but the lack of depth in the levels and player customization wastes much of the potential. this was a waste of my money!"
76561198162297068,Not Recommended,296490,24001337,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,TBB,meh.
76561198097045655,Not Recommended,296490,15734841,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,000,"Need an option, as a keys' set to bomb all waves at one time"
76561198194384201,Not Recommended,296490,15816808,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,bj25,"How do I get the game to play?  I click ""play now"" then allow a program to load and nothing happens. How do I contact Steam? They have lots of menus  but none lead to help. I recommend this game but not Steam!"
,Recommended,296490,18974407,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Mullion,"This is a very addicting game, You pretty much decide the difficulty of the game. It starts Easy then it allows you to crank up the difficulty and rewards you for doing it.Ive been following this series for many years and it keeps getting better with every release.Worth every penny."
,Recommended,296490,19082418,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,jamisonkfox,"Great interation of a good TD series.  Definitely the best Gemgraft to date.  This game is free on a lot of sites but the PC version runs much smoother, without any freemium aspects."
76561198042505998,Recommended,296490,19078396,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,wtfdouble,Easily the best tower defense game ever created !
76561197966788320,Recommended,296490,19075135,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Dec42,Ignore the poor graphics this is one of the best tower defense games around.
76561197997750211,Recommended,296490,17304070,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,devinst.clair,"This game, as all the older versions are a total blast. It will eat your life with how much time you spend playing it, trying to get a few more points to upgrade a skill. It never gets old!"
76561198117593689,Recommended,296490,16585213,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Kbix,"Played this a lot on Kongregate. I'm glad that it's now on Steam. Great game, great fun. :)"
76561198031709967,Recommended,296490,16590725,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Relentless,"This is one of my favorite Tower Defence games, If you are familiar with the flash version then this version feels much more polished. I don't think I would pay full price for this game, but I am very happy with the sale price I paid for it.Overall a very fun TD that may not be that pretty, but mechically/gameplay wise it's amazing. Plenty of hours of fun."
,Recommended,296490,16727467,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Desona,"very good, it will change your thought about games.Good plot, great levels, great everything, my only complaint is Vision fields but they are optional so i dont really have any complaints"
,Recommended,296490,16718347,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Magma Tung,"Its hard to explain over text my thoughts of Pro's and Cons on this game.you have to experience the game to understand.overall its a good game to own.Dont know yet if it has a replayability factor.but so far, game is cool to play."
,Recommended,296490,16722254,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Dotmaster Cade,Simple... yet fun. The style of this game gives Tower Defence a taste of its own medicine... Punched me in the face... Best game i played in years!
,Recommended,296490,16724279,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Sladewill,"Enjoyable game, lot of content for  what you pay and has a variety of different skill levels."
,Recommended,296490,16697347,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Joker,"All i can say about this game is that in the TD category it's the best of the best, 100% worth a buy, you won't regret it <3"
,Recommended,296490,16710416,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Zurea,"I remember my first experience with Gemcraft as a app on a cell a friend let me borrow. I hadn't remembered the name but remembered it was in fact one of the best tower defense games I'd ever played!Now 2 years later it is avalible on Steam and better then ever before! Use towers, traps and amplifiers to build intriqite paths and mazes to defeat your enemies and defend your crystal!9 gems to use, to poison, slow and more as the game originally challenges you by only allowing certian gems on each map and as you progress and unlock challenges, eventually you'll be able to use all 9 on nearly every map!Old maps return with a new twist and challenge and enemies both old and new up the stakes every fight!Play through waves till only you remain or test your skill by facing the endless hoards of monsters,Which ever you choose, if you loved Gemcraft Labyrinth or a fan of tower defense games like myself, then you'll love Gemcraft 2: Chasing Shadows!"
76561198161877933,Recommended,296490,16769030,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,alexandreww,"I always liked the GemCraft series, and this one does not disapoint!"
76561198009586252,Recommended,296490,17423677,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,efd731,"ive wasted god knows how many hours on the free versions and previous iterations of this title on armor games and given that this one appears to be a improved version of the previous titles, it feels rightto support the dev on steam as thanks.i bought it for thanks, and stayed because it is a standard setting tower defense(point me to one more deep or interesting)"
76561197960771531,Recommended,296490,17426135,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Lano,This is a good game. Endless levels is a big pluss.
76561198066460866,Recommended,296490,17384379,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Mckontol,This is the most addictive game I ever played since Labyrinth days that is and now its on Steam. If you are a TD fan and into  endless upgrades of stuff then WELCOME ABOARD. You're off throwing hours of your life. Goodbye life!
76561198066617853,Recommended,296490,16029664,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,kristaleyez,"Best Tower Defense game out there, because of all the features, maps, and combination of skills and traits.The other new features like the talisman are pretty cool.Definetly worth every buck."
76561198032059195,Recommended,296490,18882503,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Freyaldo,+ Worthy succesor over the former games- Unfortantly it doesn't take much use from pc hardware- Endurance can really take a very long time to comple compared to previous game
76561197993296142,Recommended,296490,18797030,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Rambob,"This browser port seems better for some reason... maybe because it's not in a browser.Enrage the bugs (b,shift, then hold shift) with higher gem in inventory all the time and you'll level up quickly."
76561198161707156,Recommended,296490,18380440,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,RockeT5,would like have more skills point
76561197992856964,Recommended,296490,16520882,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,[FOR]mica,"The latest in a line of tower defense / upgrade games.  Previous games in the series were free flash games -- one of which has an option to register your copy for $5, to get some XP and unlock a few skills.  Which I did twice, on different websites, without hesitation.  To see if you'll like this game, google Gemcraft Labyrinth and try five or eight levels.Cons; this installment has a short but noticeable loading screen before every level.  Also, if it's anything like the others, it will also have an exponential difficulty curve, making the later levels hard as hell.Pros, games in this series have tons and tons of levels, and can take weeks to months to beat into submission.  It has all of the user interface improvements that the series has gradually been accumulating (keyboard shortcuts particularly), plus a few new little tweaks here and there.  There are also enough tiny little tricks to learn, that skill and practice do seem to help, though not as much as strategy.  There is also an endless version of each level, letting you hypothetically keep leveling up forever.[edit] Fifty-some gameplay hours later, the above holds true.  Previous entries in the series had a difficulty curve that periodically jerked upwards, providing these little areas where you could get stuck if you hadn't leveled up enough (especially near bosses).  This game has those moments too, but they're much less steep and much further apart -- meaning you can go back, replay the first 5 levels with your new skills and powers, and come out of it with enough levels and XP to get past the part you were struggling with.  A+.[edit 2] Two hundred hours in.  There are achievements for gaining levels, the highest one is for level 200.  I'm in the mid 800's now.  I think I overleveled.  Some levels are still hard.  I accidentally won yesterday, but I'm not done collecting all of the things.  Going for 100%, only 50-some achievements left to go.  At no point during this game have I felt stuck anywhere, I've always had things to do to prepare for the challenges ahead.  Send help."
,Recommended,296490,18362925,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,redwinger333,"Gemcraft is a must for any fan of tower defense games. There is a free version of this chapter available atarmorgames.com, however ten bucks is worth the premium version offered through steam."
76561198043293729,Recommended,296490,18364736,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Grim,Excellent
,Recommended,296490,20259172,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,-),"if you like tower defense games, get it as soon as possible"
,Recommended,296490,20250668,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,MrChumble,"I almost feel guilty that I got this on sale and didn't pay full price, because It's a superb game. It's easy to pick up, but has plenty of depth, and lots of ways to dial up the difficultly in small steps to get just the right level of challenge. Only downside, it's highly addictive."
,Recommended,296490,20243913,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Hal Sekuro,"I enjoyed this tower defense gem. The look and feel is well implemented into a fantasy setting, although the soundtrack could have used some more diversity. Of course the plot is not too deep either. In the end it's about towers, right?The game mechanic is growingly extensive and certain aspects would be unique in the genre I guess. During your journey you will learn how to best use (e.g. combine) gems, unlock and level skills, unlock traits to raise the stakes of a battle field for higher xp gain and fit your talisman with fragments, customizing your gameplay even further and adding some replayability."
,Recommended,296490,22454022,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,emti,ok
76561198191447214,Recommended,296490,21623883,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,zroo3d,"simple mechanics, tons of options, high replayability. 9/10"
,Recommended,296490,22439483,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Kalimando,GemCraft Chasing Shadows is a Tower Defense game wherin you combine 9 different gems into various combinations. Each of the nine colors of gem represents a different modifier.Ive played 119 hours of this game. A number one could compare to the biggest of triple A titles.Its pretty good.
,Recommended,296490,16679063,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Meow,"The best of all Tower Defense games I have ever played.Лучшая из всех игр жанра Tower Defense, в которые я когда-либо играл."
,Recommended,296490,22183180,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Arubarius,"Probably the deepest Tower Defense I've ever played. If you look up things like ""GemCraft gem weaving"" you'll see the  depth. It's a numbers game for the hardcore, and it rewards anyone willing to invest that much effort by utterly breaking down at high level play, which ultimately, isn't that what you kind of want if you're into that kind of stuff?The only thing that was kind of disappointing was how little strategy is actually involved in placement--you don't want more than 1 or 2 gems on the whole field, and the game got much, much easier for me when I finally cottoned on to stop trying to carefully place and upgrade gems with effects and just funnel all the mana into one beastly mixed super gem and then march everything past it. Not that that's bad, just not what I was expecting from Tower Defense--this game is about crafting, wave management and spells.It's also a huge game. 25 hours in and I still don't know how big the map is.In short, fun wave defense for the casual, with a bit of a wall for those in the wrong mindset, and lots and lots to do for the hardcore."
76561198042413865,Recommended,296490,22360139,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Fiberglass Fiend,"Fun, lots of content"
,Recommended,296490,22362800,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Furious,You will not find a better tower defense game.
,Recommended,296490,22277956,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Juustro,One of the best tower defence games that I have played.
76561197992117106,Recommended,296490,22278046,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Dill Bobbin,"Best tower defence of all time, wish the others in the series would come to steam, there are at least 2 others, this being the most recent beats them in every way."
76561197974183287,Recommended,296490,22267947,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Sojiro,"I woke up earlier than I was supposed to on my day off. Since it isn't yet time for breakfast, I decide to start Gemcraft to try that one strategy I've been thinking about. 10 hours later I realize that I've missed breakfast, lunch, and everything else I was planning to do that day.I have no regret!(more seriously about the game: it's one of the very best tower defense game ever made, it is extremely rich, give tons of interesting choices to make, well balanced, and generally amazingly well designed)"
76561198144501206,Recommended,296490,21681813,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Jexx,Best tower defence game out there
76561198090032114,Recommended,296490,21752971,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,master wu,simple review here get the game its bloody addictive and fun and cheap one word of warning guys dont let your missus play or you will never get another go.  this is a really good game and has massive playability great addition to any gaming library.five minutes learning and anyone can play this game great for the kids as well I really do like gemcraft and have been playing different versions of it for a long time
,Recommended,296490,21471928,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,metadata3388,"i played this flash version when i'm young.- actually, no lags or slows on pc version seems i like.now play again this with various additional features.- but it'll really confusable!"
,Recommended,296490,21577332,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,The Horror Show,"If you like tower defense games, then you need to play this one.  That's all there is to it.  I've played several of the gemcraft games online, and the ability to buy one and support the developers feels great.  Also, I won't accidentally delete my cookies this time.Pros: Lots of content, tons of map, loads of different strategies.  Hours and hours of playtime.Cons: FOOS (First Order Optimum Strategy) --that is, this is the sort of game where you'll find one thing that works, and you'll be tempted to stick with that strategy for the entire game.  Don't.  Play around with the different gem types, find a use for traps and altars and everything.  You'll have way more fun that way."
76561198060914679,Recommended,296490,21470181,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,v2099,"a must play for any tower defence fan, doesn't have a high learning curve but the challanges keeps you trying to best your own score.note. if you do search out guide for help; remember that the flash version and this version has some changes like the maps will differ abit"
,Recommended,296490,21657200,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Viper2121,Game is a continuation o the Popular Gem Craft franchise.  It brings in some new features as well as changing some other features.  Overall its a fresh new look to the Tower Defense game.
,Recommended,296490,21634310,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,zoigo,Awesome for it's deep micro controlling possibilities. You get to feel what orders of magnitude are.
76561198008289670,Recommended,296490,21924722,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,m_ikirt,"This game takes the tower defense genre, and makes it  all that much better.  You are presented with your lane, and several gems which contain different powers and damage ratios.  From there, you must devise an effective defense strategy.  This game truly must be played to be appreciated.  There is a free version available on the dev's website, so that yyou may try this game before you buy it.  It is well worth every penny.  I bought it on sale during the Holiday sale, and out of all the games I purchased, this one is hands down the best of the lot."
,Recommended,296490,21861027,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Unimate,"This is probably my favourite tower-defense game, like, ever.The controls are really easy to get into, and unlike with some TD games there isn't a massive learning curve you need to go through in order to complete the game. There are TONS of achievements, which can be off-putting for completionists, but achievements are handed out fairly regularly so it always feels like you're progressing. The gem combination system also means that regardless of your defense style there's a way to play to your strengths. Although there may be flashier games out there, nothing beats a game with solid mechanics.I think there are free versions of this game online, but the paid version is honestly worth it once you get into the end game. I would definitely recommend the investment."
76561198015236278,Recommended,296490,21974057,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Garend,"Big fan of the whole series. Buy it, you wont regret it.  This is a fantastic game!"
76561198129940331,Recommended,296490,22114563,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Cookey,I LOVE GemCraft. I have played all the versions since they first came out and will continue to play them. Bring on some more.
,Recommended,296490,22130117,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,that_bad,"Highly enjoyable tower defence game. Graphics are extremely basic, but it doesn't detract from its charm. The storyline was functional, if a little stereotypical. When available during a sale in particular, I would strongly recommend it if you enjoy others from this genre."
76561197973632157,Recommended,296490,22133318,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,VZE,great tower defence gamegood replay valuewait for a sale
,Recommended,296490,22010161,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,lgm432,Best tower defence game I've played.
,Recommended,296490,22018194,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,› Happy Camper [NOTACON],"This is a great new approach to tower defense games.  There's a ton of strategy required to play.  Thankfully they also offer opportunities to increase play difficulty (with added rewards) for folks that are pretty good at this sort of thing.  Thus both newbs and adepts alike can enjoy the experience.Performance can be a little laggy at times on my rig (i-7 920, 12 GB RAM, GTX 660 Ti @ 4K), but that may be just because I'm pushing things out at 4K on this decrypit machine.In any regard, it's tons of fun, quite playable and well worth the money.  I can see myself spending probably 100 hours with it and I'm already 22 hours in."
,Recommended,296490,22856613,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,jefflknight,"This game is pure, unadulterated crack.  Only buy this game if you are ready to give your soul to a new master."
76561198106029346,Recommended,296490,22749912,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,AOD_Beavery1,One of my all-time favorite games to have played.
76561197993571270,Recommended,296490,22725859,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Cruditaw - GhoStBot,Best tower defense I played so far (except for some TD mods played on warcraft ... ).
,Recommended,296490,22700622,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Bernoully,"A challenging Flash-era tower defense game. Mastering the gems and their combinations as the game throws challenging waves of monsters at you, is what makes it fun. If you don't appreciate the process of trial-and-error in solving the stages, you won't find this fun."
,Recommended,296490,22716267,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Murmanox,"Took me 79 hours to get all the achievements, and I loved every second. My only gripe is that it can get quite slow at times since it's developed in flash."
,Recommended,296490,22533135,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,postewar,"Back in the old days when flash games were decent and not just asset rip offs.One of the ""Gems"" i used to play during my younger school years.Always a good game and a classic."
76561198014979458,Recommended,296490,22555179,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Party with Sloths,"Graphics look a little simple, but this is one of the best TD games on steam."
76561198001691331,Recommended,296490,20907317,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Rasgard,Really like this game. Amazing price when on sale and even for regular price it is worth it. Very addictive and is way better then the free version. Who would have known you can sink so many hours into it.
,Recommended,296490,20862381,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Rohwered,"A little, deep, masterpiece !"
76561198035139246,Recommended,296490,21087882,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Rainbabe42,This is the best tower defense game ever.I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys tower defense.
,Recommended,296490,20930096,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Prinzessin Prellgiraffe,the best TD series out there :D ... wait for discount and try!
,Recommended,296490,20906754,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Baby Driver,One word for each aspect of this game.Story - Intriguing.Characters - Superficial.Gameplay - Fun.Immersion - Average.Environment - Great.Graphics - Simple.Sound - Delightful.Music - Fantastic.Overall - Splendid.
,Recommended,296490,15742498,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,guillemps,"I played these series from the first installment. I bought this game on AG, and It is worth the re-purchase. Huge fan of the series. As you play, eventually becomes too easy, but have a strong replay value, even if it is just grinding for xp."
,Recommended,296490,15742762,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Chrysto,Absolutely amazing.
,Recommended,296490,15762539,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Dantevus,"Awesome game. Been addicted to the series for a while and Steam selling it is pretty awesome.One complaint:I max out the trait to add 7 shadows to each map. 100+ waves. So...why in the hell do I consistently get 2-3 shadows within the first 2-6 waves? Honestly, that's ludicrous. It's like an RNG for an instant lose. (Cue the ""Lrn 2 Play"" people) It should be random, and not structured, because that's part of the challenge. But there really should be some sort of control. Minimum wave before the first shadow, or minimum wave between shadows, or maximum number of shadows per number of waves. Something to make 107/7 not equal 3 more often than not.This is a pretty minor complaint in the grand scheme of things though. You are not obligated to activate that trait. But it's still something that irks me. Definitely not a dealbreaker though. If you like TDs, this game is solid."
76561198007729622,Recommended,296490,15764408,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Matty Stardust,"As always from this series of games, a very solid piece of work. Decent storyline, good progression through levels, skills and  the talisman feature, tons of replayability, nothing extra to pay for and potentially hundreds of hours of game play.The only thing that should hold you back from buying this game is whether you are a fan of tower defence style games, even then I'd still advise you to give it a go as it's probably the best and easiest to get into of the genre and at a more than reasonable price you can't really go wrong."
76561198159976836,Recommended,296490,16743892,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,majolucky,Super!
,Recommended,296490,16744007,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Mandelbrot,Best tower defense game ever!
76561198119601675,Recommended,296490,16682972,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,meanjoseverde,Great games. entertaining even after completing the story.
,Recommended,296490,16693770,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Cheezits,"Unlike any other gemcraft i have ever played in the best possible way ever. The leveling system is great, the maps are varied and sometimes challenging. Many force me to complete them in different ways, making me view different ways to beating levels and how to improve my usual strategy. I don't know when ill beat this game, but judging how i've unlocked 20 tiles (most of which containing 5-7 maps) and i haven't seen the other side of the board, i wont for a long time. That said, I hope it never ends. However, I'm still giving this a 9.5/10 because of V21. ♥♥♥♥ V21."
76561198153011332,Recommended,296490,16438401,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Dextrose The Mongol Goat Herder,"Awesome TD game, GemCraft is best TD there is"
,Recommended,296490,16620481,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,baconsnake,Great sequel to the flash games. One of the best tower defense series.
,Recommended,296490,16631810,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Crimson Orange,"Fantastic game that provides a feeling of forward motion, which is extremely rare in most the 'tower defense' section! It also contains a great narative that builds on events that transpired in previous games!"
,Recommended,296490,15838798,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Lagavulin,"5/5For puzzle solvers who either have limited time or a limited attention span, GemCraft - Chasing Shadows provides both tremendous satisfaction and a lot of game play, for a very reasonable price.Despite falling into the easily distracted category, I have managed to quickly rack up 35+ hours of play time.  Credit the highly episodic structure of the game.  Each of the many dozens of levels feels fast paced, and many can be completed in half an hour or so.I have currently finished fewer than a third of the levels, have discovered fewer than a third of the Skill enhancements, and have acquired only 2 of 6 Spell enhancements.  Yet I feel a sense of accomplishment already, thanks to the amount of variation in the maps (levels) provided, the progressive difficulty of the challenges presented (which the developer has superbly balanced with progressive player ability enhancements), and the rich use that the game makes of Achievements.   Some of the levels are straightforward, while many are tricky and call for some lateral thinking to solve.  Occasionally a return visit after additional Spells or Skills have been collected is required.Developer Game in a Bottle deserves a fistful of high level gems and a gold plated Giant monster for a job very well done."
76561198037620009,Recommended,296490,15839896,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,LitKitty,"This game, where to start...Gemcraft is a multigame story about wizards, magic, and of course, gems. It is a tower defense game that is different from the ""norm"". It features towers that, on their own have no effect, but when you place gems in them they come to life with different effects. The game was meant to deviate from the average tower defense game by having bloodbound rather than gatling guns, and poison rather than archer towers and so on. This game is the fourth game in the story, which leads up to the biggest event in the game, but what that is, is for you to find out.If you like tower defense, then this game is for you, with millions of different ways to solve levels, and all sorts of traits and monsters to juggle, plus with hours-lasting endurance, you will be sucked in for weeks.10/10"
,Recommended,296490,15916625,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,happymusician,"Bravo and played since Chapter 1, a very nice game, well design, and ADDICTIVE!!"
76561197999849592,Recommended,296490,15728509,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Toridan,If you've liked any of the previous games in the series you'll like this one.
76561198047027042,Recommended,296490,15729353,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Pipinha999,"a tower defense game with soooooooo much possibilities of customisation.if u played the old versions, surely u'll enjoy it!!totally worth buying!"
,Recommended,296490,15733805,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Dublock,"I have always loved Gemcraft, spent hours playing it on the flash version through the series and this one is fantastic.Its a tower defense game with the ability to make it harder by sacrificing your own resources to make it harder. This gives you the ability to make the gamer harder and you can push yourself more then any other TD game I have played. Also the game gives you such a wide assortment of ways to make the game even harder if you want. Or you can just spend hours playing through the game without bothering with it."
76561198022012357,Recommended,296490,15722554,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,BigHeartedGuy,"Pros: All the things you loved in past Gemcraft games, plus lots of new features.Cons: I used to have time to do other stuff.Fun, fun, fun and fun. Also, fun."
76561198016437391,Recommended,296490,15723323,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,onemancrowd,"If you're a fan of Tower Defense games, you owe it to yourself to check out the GemCraft - Chasing Shadows. Great level design, player-driven progression, an unobtrusive gear system for hardcore min/max'ers, and an endgame that embraces overpowered combinations. I can't wait for the next installment."
76561198073121097,Recommended,296490,15723775,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,GySgt. Taylor,LOVE IT
,Recommended,296490,15724239,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,wrron,Greatest time-sink in history of flash games now on Steam. Buy it. Now!
,Recommended,296490,15724379,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Gaz18241,"I don't usually write reviews on games, but think this one deserves it. After playing all the gemcraft games on different flash game websites, i nearly died when i saw it pop up on steam. I said to my wife to not let me buy it as she would literally never hear from me again...she went to work...i bought it...im not sure how many days ago that was now though. This game is the epitimy of tower defense games, and can see myself sinking more time into this than any other game on my steam list"
,Recommended,296490,15725720,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Bucket Mutt,Its pretty good
,Recommended,296490,15726008,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Tea✪VM,Awesome game made more awesome!!! How erm.........AWESOME!!!!!!
76561198119709872,Recommended,296490,15861451,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,lturtlesrock,"This is an amazing game, the fact that there is so much hidden strategy in what types of gem you use, where you spend your skill points, etc is very exciting for me. At first you might think ""Oh, that gem is useless"" and later come to find victory depends on it. This game is far from other tower defense games and once you play it you will never be able to go back."
,Recommended,296490,15880945,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,zwanglos,"Easily the best tower defense game I've played - there's a lot more than meets the eye with this game, and a lot to learn before you get even half-way decent at the game.It's a ported flash game, though, so graphics aren't really great but they get the job done. Music and sounds fit the game very well."
76561198096892058,Recommended,296490,15881786,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,HumanFtw,"GemCraft is a genre-defining masterpiece. The mechanics are very intricate and offer many hours of replay. By far, GemCraft boasts as the best and most recommended tower defense series I've ever encountered, and the latest installment doesn't disappoint."
,Recommended,296490,15885906,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,pdejager,Been playing Gemcraft games for as long as they've been around - brilliant effort for a one man shop.Will buy whatever he produces in this series
,Recommended,296490,15975117,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Apathy Man,The GemCraft series has always been my favorite of the tower defense genre and Chasing Shadows might well be my favorite game of the GemCraft series. I could easily see myself putting as many hours into this as I did Skyrim. It's well worth the money.
,Recommended,296490,16053390,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,blackbird,Very addictive flash TD game. Various ways to play!
,Recommended,296490,16213262,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Roycehellion,"A great game for all those whole love tower defense games, maybe the pinnacle of TD games even.   THousands of ways to utilize your arsenal of denfense, once you obtain them with skill and effort.  Gorgeous graphics, good story line, and infintely playable.  Beating the game once is great, beating it again on the higher difficulties is cool, kitting a ridiculously high level and smashing scores intot the billions of billions and seeing all the games numbers shown as exponential notation is beyond satisfying."
76561197994343120,Recommended,296490,19757077,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,atma,"Everything I've come to expect from Gemcraft, except the scaling on endurance mode has been severely ♥♥♥♥ed with.  Not bloody likely that I'll ever clear 1,337 waves like in Labyrinth."
76561197975959186,Recommended,296490,19717443,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Talahamut,I loved Gemcraft Labyrinth on Kongregate and this one is even more fantastic. The finest Tower Defense genre game I've played!
,Recommended,296490,27553422,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Franc,Gems4lyfe
,Recommended,296490,27552934,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Blitz071,Best tower defense game I've ever played. Give it a try.
,Recommended,296490,27962634,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,FuZz,"By far the best tower defense game I've played, and strong contender for the ""just 5 more minutes"" award."
76561198024214521,Recommended,296490,27981884,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Luc,Truly great tower defense.
76561197989989667,Recommended,296490,27705839,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,[TM] Roco,"The best min/max theorycrafting tower defense games out there.  Lots of number crunching that would be a math PhD's dream.  Get this game on sale and it'll be one of the ""most hours played for the least amount of money"" games in your library."
76561197992239417,Recommended,296490,16392160,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Roodvlees,"What a great game! It's extremely deep with a massive variety in everything! Towers, monsters, upgrades, out-of-level progress. Okay not in story line, no I don't read the texts. This may seem scary, but the game starts you off nice and slow and introduces the principles one-by-one. It's very nicely paced and I enjoyed every level."
,Recommended,296490,16380512,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Mi,I've always loved the GemCraft series and this one is just as awesome :)
76561198012180586,Recommended,296490,16339923,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,PealerJoe,"I have loved this game since it's birth as a flashgame; everyday hoping to see it become a fully-fledged game that I could buy and support its creators. Finally, that day has come and I will play it and be happy."
76561198012069072,Recommended,296490,16125316,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,ihaveonetoe,"Unlike many tower defense games, where advances and unlocks are just given to you for getting far enough into the game, Chasing shadows has skills and traits unlockable after solving the puzzles for them.  It's a more organic feel  and much more satisfying.  The ability to increase the difficulty of the maps in multiple ways keeps the game fresh, so that even the first level can still be challenging and interesting even when you are advanced in level."
,Recommended,296490,16251514,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,jamesferguson72,"Excellent game, really enjoy playing this one, once you get the hang of it and level it becomes a little tedious, but there is always somehing to do, like iron wizard mode.if you are on the fence there are free versions on this series like gem craft labrynth."
76561197989530366,Recommended,296490,16242293,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Troodee,"As a major tower defense fan, the GemCraft series is by far the best one out there. I have only played a day or two, but for now, it seems to be much like GemCraft: Labyrinth, just slightly more linear, although not much9.99 might seem steep for what is basically an advanced Flash game, but if you love tower defense games, I highly recommend it"
,Recommended,296490,16249475,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,SaltySiegraine,"If you love Tower Defense this game is right for you. I love this TD. I played it so much I don't remember. Started on Labyrinth and I can say I'm not bored after tons of hours of playing this. Avesome game. You can upgrade so much things, and if you have done with whole map you can just play edurance and reach awesome Wizard levels. Only one thing I am missing right now is chance to buy other types of games in game. So you have for example just mana and poison. But...It's just harder and that doesn't matter for me. (Edit: probably I am just not enough high level to have them all xDDD )Anyway I'm happy it's on steam and I finally can support developers. Great TD game. From me 11/10"
,Recommended,296490,16262367,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,[SPIDER] ha11oga11o,"Love this gaem, wish that i can transfer mine account from armorgames where i bough it too,... and spent some money on cores?!BTW, this version of game just crashed after 4hrs endless. So yeah i hate it now!! That things is apsolutely no GO for this kind of game!!!Cheers!"
,Recommended,296490,16311684,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,CuAnnan,"Gemcraft 2 is something special in the genre. It is a tower defence game that allows you to slowly build up your strength until you have the power to effortlessly squash entire armies and even though doing so is easy, it's still fun.I like the Iron Wizard mode, it's a very nice addition for the Steam version."
,Recommended,296490,16314727,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Vallihn,"It's six months into 2015 and this is undoubtably my favorite game of the year. As an avid GemTD, Wintermaul, and ElementTD player, I can say that GemCraft is the BEST TD I've played yet. Here's why:Mazing in a MapOne of the problems with games like ElementTD was that you were never able to maze. At the mercy of the map players are forced into placing their powerful towers in obvious places. Oh look, there's a bend where my tower is able to get as much exposure as possible, guess I'd be foolish to not put it there.In GemCraft players are allowed, and encouraged, to manipulate the creeps' pathing. On multiple -- and frequent --  occasions the player is presented with a variety of choices as to how they want the creeps to move throughout the map. Not only that but, after you destroy spawning huts (located on certain levels) you're able to dynamically reorient your choke points [the game will warn you if you're trying to 'block' the creeps from getting to your orb] making you pay attention at all times.Gems and Their MechanicsGems come in 9 different types all with effects ranging from slowing enemies to breaking their armor and can be upgraded, combined, and even  spent on making waves harder (more on this later). Unlike towers in most TD games gems can be repositioned without any cost to the player's resource, the only downside is that the gem needs to resocket itself which takes a few seconds.What sets GemCraft outside of traditional TDs is how gems interact with traps, bombs, tower pedestals, wave enhancements, and amplifiers. Unlike most TDs players can place trap slots throughout their mazes. These slots do not block movement and the gems inside trigger when enemies pass over them -- they are not consumed and can be moved to tower pedestals at the player's will. What's interesting is that the damage of the gem is greatly reduced (%80) however its effect is multiplied by an enormous amount. In some maps I never used a tower what so ever, just a lot of traps and some powerful synergy between the game's progression and RPG elements.Tower pedestals are slots for gems that allow them to function like towers. Gems will attack monsters that pass by and inflict their special effects if they can. Pedestals can be placed all over the map so long as they don't block the creeps from the orb (though they can redirect them).Amplifies are placed adjacent to pedestals and increase the damage, attack speed, range, and special effect modifiers of the gems inside the towers. The cost: the gems can't attack. A balance between leveling the primary gem and the gems in the amplifiers is needed for best results.Bombs are essentially consumed gems which a player can drop anywhere on the battlefield. Their damage and effects are increased and help players mop up monsters that pass through their defences. Though I haven't focused on bombing or specializing into it I certainly like the idea of making a skill build that supports their use.Bombs can also be used to enhance incoming monster waves by increasing their stats (HP/Armor) and by spawning more monstersMechanic: both high and low level gems will increase the incoming wave's stats by a fixed amount that rises the more gem bombs you use to enhance the wave. Higher level gems will increase the monster spawn count by a larger amount depending on level. Confused? Allow me to elaborate.You have a wave that consists of 10 reavers, each with 100 hp and 5 armor. If you drop a low ranked gem bomb (rank 1) the wave will have an additional 2 reavers, instead of 100 hp and 5 armor they will now all have 110hp and 7 armor. However, if you use a high gem rank (let's say 10+) the wave will gain an additional 20 reavers all of which will have 110 hp and 7 armor. If you wanted to you could get the wave to spawn an additional 20 reavers with rank 1 gems however the stats of the reavers in that wave would be ridiculous -- probably 500 hp and 100 armor.So why the hell would you want to fight and kill more reavers?! The trick is that it helps you later on. The added reavers all grant experience and mana (the game's currency and life support) and, if you're demolishing the early waves, can help you stock pile experience and mana for the later parts of the game. In essence the game's difficulty is dynamic and influenced by the player, every wave is as hard or as easy as the player wants it to be.RPG Elements Hooooo!As a player accumulates more experience and ventures through the hexgrid they will gain skill points, skills, spells, enhancements, talisman fragments, and battle traits.Skills are more like talents in that they are all passive. Some of the skills in the game include effects like: gems placed into traps have their special modifiers increased, poison from poison gems is more effective, monsters reward more mana per kill, decreased cost of building and combining gems .... the list goes on and on. The best part: most skills have no maximum level! This seems OP right? Well it isn't. Each time a skill is leveled it requires 1 more skill point to level up:Rank 0 to 1 [1 skill point]Rank 1 to 2 [2 skill points]Rank 2 to 3 [3 skill points]See the trend?There's a catch.For every skill point you don't spend on skills you gain 7 initial mana. So if you had 100 skill points you'd start with 700 more mana. Allocate too many points and you might find that the early waves demolish you. Balance is the key.The only spell I have right now is the freeze spell. Usable anywhere and instantaneously deployable the freeze spell .... freezes monsters. Not much else to say but hey, you can spec into reducing the cooldown of freeze if you like it a lot. I'm sure there are more but I've yet to come across them.Enhancements are temporary, or when used on a trap permanent, buffs that recharge over time and can be bestowed upon any tower or trap on the map. My favorite by far is the beam enhancement which, you guessed it, makes the gem shoot a beam of armor ignoring blazing light to enemies who are within the tower's range. This lasts 12 seconds and can be increased to 16 with enough points (probably more if I spent more points on the skill).Talisman Fragments is the game's equivalent to gear, although much less interesting and impactful. Fragments can be slotted, upgraded, and their effects span from increased damage to reavers (screw reavers ... man) to increasing the player's starting mana. The fragments drop randomly from monsters and have a rarity system. I'm hoping to find some fragments that increase length of my beam enhancement...Battle traits are map modifiers that increase the level's experience multiplier. Often times they make the game harder however, stack enough of them in a single map and you could be pulling in 8 times the experience for each monster slain! Off the top of my hard is a trait that makes waves come faster while another makes giants more resilient (+HP/+Armor) and slightly more mobile. Traits have 7 levels of effectiveness and multiply experience gain by +0.3 (or 30% MORE exp).ClosingSeriously, the game is $9.99 and it's worth every virtual penny. There's a lot I didn't mention about the game including skill synergy, particular gem combinations, and endurance mode. If you're looking for a cross between a TD and an RPG, along with a metric crap-ton of replay value then I urge you to purchase this game.There are very few games that are challenging these days and GemCraft is one that will make you think, pause frequently, and hate yourself for being overzealous -- 300 swarmlings at wave level 10? Yup, shouldn't have dropped that many bombs."
76561198008792925,Recommended,296490,19326564,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Ace of Aces,"Best grind I have ever ground. Um, grinded?Great for if you want to turn off the part of your brain that gets distracted by life, and just flow in the zone."
,Recommended,296490,19284113,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,uKinkyThing™,+1
,Recommended,296490,19404370,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Mada Mada,Most complex and intriguing TD game IMO.
76561198125513631,Recommended,296490,19352984,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,toomuchcraftwoman,"This is the very best of tower defense games. It is endlessly playable, has hidden depths and beautiful graphics. If you don't have this game, something is wrong with you. It will run on a toaster, but will be a bit sluggish unless you turn down the graphics quality. Buy it. Buy it now."
76561197998570156,Recommended,296490,19349009,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,GatlingNuke438,"Graphics wise, this looks like a flash game, but gameplay wise this is one of the most in depth tower defence games out there (If not The most). Gemcraft is about creating really powerful gems (towers), and how amplifiers and diffrent types of gems complement eachother,and detouring the enemies' path. The leveling system is really nice too. I highly reccomend if you have any interest in tower defence."
76561198122115904,Recommended,296490,19447764,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Blackle,fun game when you are bored or have nothing else to play or like TD games or simply...really fun game that makes you think when you take it seriously
76561198030149924,Recommended,296490,19576251,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,WarFerret,Fantastic game. For all the time I have spent playing this ... I think for dollars/hour spent it has been one of the best investments in entertainment I have made. Waiting for your next game in the GemCraft franchise.. so get it out already!
,Recommended,296490,19675034,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Omgabee,"There's a reason why the current reviews show Overwhelmingly Positive for this game! Fun and challenging. Best tower defense game there is. If you have not purchased this already, please do."
,Recommended,296490,19469993,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,[BRO] o19,"Solid gameplay and hefty replayability, due to the nearly infinite number of gem combinations.The graphics are not great, but they do a decent job.The story is vague at best, but this is not much an issue for a tower defense game.Overall, it is worth the price."
76561198097697508,Recommended,296490,19783254,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Silvoz,"Simply amazing so far, havent had this much fun since defense grid, and honestly i'd have a very hard time saying which one is better. If you been a fan of the gem craft series or just starting out, for ten bucks it dont get much better then this."
,Recommended,296490,19815754,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Nare™,"This tower defense has much more depth that the first look would give to the player. Different gems and more monsters. Nevermind the flimpsy plot, just enjoy the tower defense grind you <3After you get wizard level 2500 it begins to grind and the fun is all gone.. although this should take around 100 hours, which makes it a very good game !When you like Defense Grid 2 and other classic tower defense.. just instabuy and thank me later"
76561198065163308,Recommended,296490,19833322,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Kefka,"Amazing. Purely epic and consuming. The gameplay is great, the concepts are well though out, and the graphics are just right. Somehow they were able to become even better than labyrinth, though labyrinth will always have a special place in my heart, chasing shadows has earned it's place.For the price of $10, you will get potentially hundreds of hours of gameplay. That being said, you can likely beat the game in around 40-50 hours if you tryhard the entire time.I've had so much fun in this game, and I'm going to keep playing it. I whole heartedly recommend. 10/10"
,Recommended,296490,19829299,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Jisa,"Excellent tower defense.Like, in the top three ever (imo)."
,Recommended,296490,19932479,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,quaint folksy quicksand,"GemCraft - Chasing Shadows is an outstanding tower defense game that's one of the more stimulating ways to kill time.The main gimmick of this series is that your towers are sockets for gems, which are the source of your attacks and can be switched between towers as well as fused to combine their special effects.The game has very complex mechanics, but it doesn't feel overwhelming as they're introduced one by one and many are optional. It's a lot of fun to get accustomed to new abilities or structures, and the game is only punishing if you want it to be.Aside from common features such as custom targeting, fast-forward (up to 9x), mazing and calling waves early, there's many unique concepts, lots of different structures to keep things diverse, and the ideas from previous GemCraft games have been vastly improved.Slightly annoying: demolitions are costly and limited even in the preparation phase, so if you make a mistake with wall building you may have to restart and build everything again.Chasing Shadows' main problem is that it runs on Flash, so there's no linux support. For a flash game it runs well though, lag is only an issue at extremely high levels.There's a lot of content. The large amount of maps is supplemented by custom difficulty modifiers and the option to continue each level in endless mode. On sale, the amount of playtime you get for 2€ is just ridiculous."
,Recommended,296490,20276000,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Gnom,"Well... just buy it.It is a great tower defense game with so many maps and many different possibilities to build your defense.On top you have a neat story, nice (pixel+artwork) visuals, and a skill tree to enhance/modificate your defense.Greetings"
76561198036400273,Recommended,296490,20231221,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Amicus Cenaculum,"Awesome game, I liked the free FLASH older version of Gem Craft, and now, if you can get this title on sale, I highly recommand it, MUCH SUPERIOR to the older free flash versions, I like it !!!"
,Recommended,296490,20231727,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Mackensen,"Que jogo fantástico. Facilmente o melhor jogo de Tower defense que joguei até hoje.É impressionante o vicio e divertimento que passei nas primeiras horas do jogo.tendo em conta que apenas custou 2 euros, é a melhor aquisição do ano e aind vamos no dia 2 de Janeiro..."
76561198015337264,Recommended,296490,20231978,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Rhev,"I'm a fan of tower defense games, and this one does it well.  While the graphics are fairly simple, you don't play TDs for graphics.  You play them for strategy, you play them for replayability, you play them for massive npc killing.  This one delivers all of that, and a lot of additional bonus fun.  The addition of talismans, shadow cores, runes, etc, all make this a great TD experience."
,Recommended,296490,20240980,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Stone Monkey,Awesome TD. Lots of content and cool mechanics.
76561197994678887,Recommended,296490,20292859,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Libormortis,"What a great little gem. can play then game for days, its huge."
76561197976737915,Recommended,296490,20287369,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Chalmskinn,"Simple tower defence game with a surprising amount of depth in terms of strategy.  Good learning progression and has RPG-like elements (upgrading and learning new skills/perks/etc) for replayability.Very polished, hard to find even any small issues with it.  Everything about it is well-designed.  They chose a simple idea and developed it really well."
76561198012600074,Recommended,296490,20263842,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,LegitChamp,"One of the best, if not the best, TD games I've played.  A ton of levels.  Lots of unlocks that change your strategy and gives you a lot of reasons to go back and play older levels.  Great depth and more content than I would ever think to find in a cheaper game like this."
76561198017335840,Recommended,296490,19754859,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Blood,"Just an amazing TD game. The only single player TD game that might be better is Defender's Quest, maybe. The trailer in steam does not do this game justice, you have to play it for yourself."
,Recommended,296490,20215779,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,StickyHamster,"The GemCraft series of tower defense games have always been my favorite in the genre and its very cool to see them come to Steam.Its a must buy, especially if you get the opportunity to purchase it on sale."
,Recommended,296490,20190764,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Spirit Essence,Absurd amount of content for such a low price. This is a must buy for any tower defense fans out there. I personally love it!
,Recommended,296490,23426938,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,msf,"Very well made and addictive tower defense game. High quality and very challenging. Needs some rebalancing and maybe some of the mechanics could be more interesting. Especially gem combining - could it be less focused on calculating the best possible combination sequence? Sometimes it feels like a Maths degree is needed to properly beat the game, since combining the same gems in different order may give different results, which felt surprising.Anyway, very recommended game, which can give hours of enjoyment. Can't wait to see what mysteries the next part of the campaign will reveal."
76561198117530697,Recommended,296490,23445282,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Repugnat Splendor,I love it! It has a story and gameplay. Makes you think a lot.
,Recommended,296490,23378171,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Batto,"The best tower defence at all.Pros- Tons of variables to custom your stile- You can edit the difficult (and consecuently rewards) in a lot of different ways includind buffing enemies in the middle of game.- Because of the last two the game has a lot of replayability. It's almost mandatory play older stages to level up, BUT, each time you replay, you improve your score so there is no way to get 'free' levels play a stage over and over again.- Long game. Lots of hours.- You have all the stats so you can do the math to analize dps or strategies if you like.Cons- Late in the game there will be so many enemies in map that the game will be slower."
,Recommended,296490,23241352,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,privatejoh,"Bought this game on sale for (I think) 2.5 euros, and I have spendt over 250 hours with it.The best thing about this game, IMO, is the initial progression, where you progress in game to unlock diferent skills and new tower types. This might last for a while, but eventually you will start developing mana farms and killing areas and turn the game into a grind fest (harvesting experience and items can lead to a field taking over a few hours). Not so cool.HOWEVER, during this process, you will unlock the Iron Wizard mode. Here, your skill progression is limited, you will need to make trade off regarding the skills you use, and the game does not suffer from this grinding fest (as much anyhow). Basically, because the benefits you get from unlocking each field is a one time boost. Of course, as you progress, each field will take more time, but this increase is somehow limited.This last mode is excellent. Expect a though challenge though."
76561198251176700,Recommended,296490,23136356,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,sa.fruitesse,"I love this game. Spent a lot of hours on it, and am not planning to stop there. Definitely recommend - if there was any other similar game I'd be happy to buy it too."
,Recommended,296490,23211047,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,b0rg,"This is a great game that started life as a web game and can still be played in that fashion.  This humble beginning is the root of the only real flaw in the game as well.  Rather than make a real PC port that would perform immensely better the developers pretty much just threw their already coded flash game into adobe air and called it a steam release.  While this method works for the most part, especially in a game like this where you can end up with multiple thousands of monsters on the screen being fired at by towers and gems firing in the hundreds of times a second and chaining each of those hits to thousands of individual mobs each time, lets just say it isn't pretty.The endgame is plagued by unavoidable lag, and the more skilled you are the worse the lag will be.  There are visual settings you can turn off or down to help some but it's pretty much only the difference between lagging when you get to 400 mobs, or 2000 mobs, which isn't much at all either way.  I get that there is so much going on that it will lag eventually, but that bar would be much higher if this wasn't a flash game running through the adobe air wrapper.  When the game gets bad enough I'm barely getting an onscreen update per second (and it does get worse than this) I can have the game windowed and a cpu monitor in the background and see my usage never passes 30%.  A single core sometimes hits as much as 50% but not for long and there are other processes on it that are more likely to be the spikes.  The other 3 cores hover around 2 and 3% usage.  I get that there is a limit to how fast things can be processed, but this isn't lagging because my cpu can't keep up, it's because it's not even using all the cpu can do.  Most likely because adobe air is about as efficent as using a bonfire to light a cigarette.Now that that bit is out of the way I'll restate that it is a really great game.  Well worth the price of admission, just be aware that the endgame play will be painfully slow.Edit: Right after posting this I remembered Bloons Tower Defense 5.  Now THAT was a proper pc port.  Pretty much exactly the same circumstances with the beginnings as a flash game, the same if not more objects on screen at the same time, and dealing with chain hits and passthroughs that can be hitting tens of thousands of mobs several times per second.  However that game is really hard to bog down.  Not impossible by any means, but night and day different from the performance of this one.  Which is sad because this really is the better game, it just runs so poorly in the late game that it's frustrating."
,Recommended,296490,23407344,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Hiræther Harbinger de Behçet,"Contender for the greatest tower / maze defense game ever made.  Nothing compares to the level of complexity in Chasing Shadows.  As a wizard I imagine my storyline as a sort of 3rd person Omnipotent with my consciousness hovering above the world, enchanting gems and warping the battlefield to my varied whims.  Gemcraft does get difficult, but with an skill system and equipment you can always find another way to win.  The strategy of maze building adds the element of nearly infinite replay for alternate pathing and tower placement.  This is the direction TD should be going."
76561198167088941,Recommended,296490,16101611,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Sbonezzz,One of the best games i have in steam.
,Recommended,296490,25280894,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,KillerTreat,"Yeah, you can play this for free on a flash site. But this is worth every ♥♥♥♥in penny. No micotransactions too. I love when games add depth to them, other wise them game is, well, shallow. If this didn't have the acheivements, the different difficulties, the game map, the hex pieces, the talisman pieces, the orbs..... it would be another TD game that gets boring.If you are at all interested in this game, buy it. If it is on sale then cancel jenny craig for a month and buy this game."
76561198091684090,Recommended,296490,25160892,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Vindaxius,"Gemcraft is a series that has grown with every rendition and does not disappoint here.The combination of configurable attributes outside of each of the game's levels gives a constant feeling of progress and allows for a customized gameplay experience.If you enjoy tower defense games.  I'd argue that Gemcraft is one of, if not the best series in the genre."
,Recommended,296490,25195947,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,MisfitShockwave,This Game is very challanging i love it when games dont come to easy i would say this game is perfect for a 12 year old like me
76561198112588369,Recommended,296490,25532524,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,karenelizd,I love this game. it is a great adition to the seres.
76561197995245336,Recommended,296490,26282738,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Piku,"Graphics are sub-par, but that has never mattered much to me.I have been a fan of tower defense games for many years now and I promise you that if you enjoy TD games, you won't be disappointed with this purchase. Basically, it's what you would expect from a tower defense but has a lot of replayability, 3 difficulty modes, tons of maps, plus an upgrade system for your main hero that makes it enjoyable to replay some missions. It has its own drop system so you can upgrade your talisman (the item you have that has sockets in it you can put gems into) based on what drops."
,Recommended,296490,26319408,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Drako Edor,"I HATE REAVERS!! Those dang things have so munch health... I suggest investing in traps at the start of levels, with purple gems in them. Trust me... when you have a wave of 20+ Reavers that have 100+ sheild, and your struggling to get past a gem quality of 2... you'll be glad you had those.Also, skill points, invest them wisely, the more mana you have at the start of a round, the more likely you are to live. B + Shift is your friend"
,Recommended,296490,25733152,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Blueshirt,"If you're a fan of TD games, check this one out. A hundred or more maps, all different enough to offer a strategic challenge; gem crafting system offers tons of different ways to beat each map; the diffuculty ramps up at a good pace, giving a fun fight without being an obstacle; upgrades (who doesn't love upgrading crap). Pretty fair price from the jump, but maybe wait for a sale. For $10, I could still see most people getting their moneys worth."
76561198035946000,Recommended,296490,25810283,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,GolovA,One of the best Defense Towers i've played.
76561197961494901,Recommended,296490,26160367,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Mags,"The best tower defense game I've come across so far.What i liked best:- Pre-set gem types makes each individual map a different challenge. You have to use what you're given and think strategically- Many different ways of adjusting the difficulty, even during a level- Sexy gems making delicious soundsCons:- I fear for my life"
76561198006519124,Recommended,296490,27325047,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Anvaer,"The great thing about this game is that it's as casual as you want it to be.  Looking for a way to kill a few minutes? Gemcraft's got you covered.  Interested in spending hours pouring over your strategy to squeeze every ounce of effectiveness out of your levels? This game delivers.All in all, a fantastic tower defense game, well worth your month."
,Recommended,296490,27329735,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Patton_Pending,Really good tower defense.  Starts off simple but gets lots of depth later on.  Tons of playtime with unlocking all the levels and beating higher difficulties.I had played this for free on the developer's website for ages. When it hit Steam I bought it immediately.Worth the money over and over.
76561198023543950,Recommended,296490,27281308,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mega,"I love Gemcraft since the first one came out.It's insane to play a new version of it and feel all the nostalgia.I really recomend it if you like Tower Defense, or if you already played other Gemcraft and liked it."
,Recommended,296490,24081019,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Leiust,Best classic tower defense ever!
,Recommended,296490,24048443,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,we are all bees making sweet goo,This is the succulent gemcraft experience I crave and desire
,Recommended,296490,24050470,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Lyxane,"GemCraft was a franchise I found on Armorgames way back when in 2012. I always enjoyed it for killing time with TD was a hobby of mine.Allows you to restrict the path of enemies and combined 9 different gems to make custom towers as well as traps.Loads of different maps, low resolution but honestly that helps due to the amount of enemies.Fun TD game, summer sale of 2016 £1.39 totally worth."
,Recommended,296490,23970465,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Yusei ⭐,I've been playing the gemcraft series since the beginning and this is one of the best.
76561198034385032,Recommended,296490,24041845,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,bscoms,"Addictive Tower Game that is more than just another gem game. Don't let the title confuse you - there is no need to have played the prior versions of this game to jump into this one.  Further, there is much more mathematical and stats depth to this game than what I initially expected.  You can really self-modify this game (don't confuse this as a software mod, I am referring to modifying settings and difficulties in-game).  There are many different ways to earn bonuses via the stratified difficulty settings by category and type.  The variables are so many - each playthrough of this game could become very unique.  This is like RPG meets Tower Game.  Admittedly, I am satisfied especially with the 75% off sale price during the current Steam sale, so if you're waiting for a similar price point, it comes around."
,Recommended,296490,24801651,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,PoopingPups,Weow what a great game. Best tower defence game I've ever played.
,Recommended,296490,24899110,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Lazlay,"One of the best Tower Defence games I've ever played. Very simple and complete. Played it before when it was only a browser game but since i knew it was on steam, bought it instantly. It is worth the 10€, but if you don't want to spent that much money, wait til it's on sale. I honestly recomend it."
76561198044445879,Recommended,296490,24876168,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,ZoroTheGallade #TeamHudduh,"It's a great mix of everything that makes tower defense games addictive. It's got challenge, it's got tons of different possible properties and attack patterns for your towers which it also lets you mix and match at your leisure, it's got space for all kinds of tactics, from the more conservative to the high-risk-high-reward, all-out assault, the difficulty can't only be adjusted when selecting the stage, but even in the middle of the game itself by choosing to (and being rewarded for) speed up the spawning of monsters or make them stronger for a period of time, and these are just a tiny part of the game's selling point: writing them all on such a tiny space would do them no justice.A definite 10/10."
76561198013948310,Recommended,296490,24833571,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,JackSkellington,"One of my favorite TD games ever! You get to experiment with different gem combos and builds, which make it extra cool. It's very fun, addictive and rewarding! I highly recommend to anyone who enjoys TD games."
,Recommended,296490,22684562,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,HavocDrive,"Achievement Hunter Review:A huge grind for completionist, but an amazing tower defense game.Try some of the older versions for free on flash websites to get a feel for it if you're indecisive.Review may be biased, as I identify as gemkin. Maximum triggering at these negative votes."
,Recommended,296490,22995823,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Meowinx,Great game if you have played the other GemCraft games and loved them. There is alot of content to the game that will keep you busy for hours!
,Recommended,296490,20883963,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,fenrisúlfr,"Having spent over 40 hours on this as of writing, I can't help but recommend this game fully. I did get it for about 69p, too, which was a steal."
,Recommended,296490,20962528,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,joe01489,"GemCraft - Chasing Shadows is arguably THE tower defense game to play. Well-balanced with fair challenges.GemCraft is my favorite Tower Defense series because of how involved the player must get to succeed in progressing through the games. GC-CS is particularly involved, adding more content to test the player's ability to devise level strategy. The story is well-integrated into game mechanics. The skill tree is balanced. The level difficulty scales well.Some characteristics worth noting:-GC naturally discourages grinding because only the best performance on each level is counted towards XP. About midway through the game it becomes possible to farm XP, but a lot of strategizing has to be done before that.-Unlike many other TDs, structures are not limited to set positions on the level, leaving more options for the player.-The concept of combining gems (defenders) for combinations of abilities gives even more options for strategy.To developer: Please release the rest of GC on Steam eventually. Gotta have it all together."
76561198129307554,Recommended,296490,20962644,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,MajourNewb4Reals,awesome!
76561198004607009,Recommended,296490,21037555,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,tyger_*****s,"3/5 This is a great game and a great example of both the genre and this series. What I like about GemCraft overall is that the different gems lead to a surprising amount of complexity in the game without having 100 different kinds of towers like other TD games. HOWEVER: The major drawback to this game is that the late game is all about getting thousands of mobs onto the map and then it lags out extremely. I finally quit after WL 9000 because I got tired of a single map taking 3-4 hours to get 55 billion points. I know most of this comes from running on Flash/Air, but the overall game mechanics of late game obviously push Flash well past the breaking point, or at least the fun point."
76561198022887508,Recommended,296490,21020762,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,0o000|Meteora,I bought it at a discount. It worths ever penny if you like a tower defence with lots of game hours and achievements to go for.
76561198091114262,Recommended,296490,21009539,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,SK RaZoR,"SHORT ADVICE:If you are new to gemcraft just go play the previous ones first - they are legitimately free on the web. (why below)------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------REVIEW:For some reason I liked Chapter 0 and The Labyrith better...Maybe its because they don't explain things properly in this one...1. How da heck to hit things with bolts.2. How to play the other mods of the maps. (You know you light up one orange dot in ? what about the empty holes)3. How to maximize your earnings per level? (it was pretty clear before, summon that much, call this much early, do a chain of that many. etc etc.Basically navigation and explination at least to me is a downgrade from previous games.The color of some gems has changed for whatever absurd reason.I like the series - but the beggining of this one is getting on my nerv constantly. Maybe it gets better when i unlock more stuff. I feel like punching someone in the face because of it.OVERALL:If you were ok with the previous ones there is enough to go around with this one. Perhaps they were rushing a release and needed to cut corners - who knows. If you haven't played em - as I said go play em - they are free.Othwerise - it is another gemcraft. There are some improvements to controlls but you'll likely be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off to appreciate it too much.Honestly even with the annoyances these people have deilvered good content plenty of times to earn my money regardless. Not many games can offer you that much playtime at that price tag."
76561198088477992,Recommended,296490,20692847,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,mnb323,Super fun!
76561198001046216,Recommended,296490,20740369,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Guildenstern,"One of the most well-made tower defenses out there. Features a huge number of levels, options, upgrades, challenges and so on. If you enjoy TDs, get this."
76561198078861574,Recommended,296490,20741469,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,jmladd,Ugh. I hate Tower Defense. I don't even know why I bought this game. And yet it's the only game I want to play anymore.
76561197995631718,Recommended,296490,20750574,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,dmoo,"Best tower defense game ever, looks like an absolute dog but the mechanics are masterful"
,Recommended,296490,20721640,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Adeptus Ineptus,"It's good to see the concept from a browser game fleshed out into a full title. I enjoyed playing Gemcraft online, and I enjoy playing this one. It's got a few new features, but if you're familiar with the browser game then you'll probably quite like this, too. ***"
76561198178448077,Recommended,296490,20718724,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,alibabba3000,Amazing replay value
76561198065743223,Recommended,296490,20720895,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,BS42,epic tower defence game! much addiction
76561197993850478,Recommended,296490,20984481,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Penguin Blender,"Proabably my favourite tower defense game.Partly because of the simple, but nice graphics.Partly because of the gem combining idea, that allows for customised towers.Partly because of the sheer number of levels and achievements and upgrades and options.But mostly just because it's FUN!"
,Recommended,296490,20987959,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Endless,Awesome.
76561198000158578,Recommended,296490,20985669,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Mudokon,"GemCraft is a great game!!!  If you enjoy tower defense, RPG, or strategy, this is a great game to dive in to with tons of value.  In fact, it feels like an RPG with the layers and layers of upgrades and leveling up.  The achievements are fantastic and have in game relevance.  Crazy good value, especially when it goes on sale.  I was a tad overwhelmed early on, but once my experience level began to rise (don't be afraid to gem bomb wave stones or call them early to gain experience) and I earned spells, I got on a roll that was hard to stop.  Great game, that I can not recommend enough.  Can be played intensely or zenly.  Ok, zenly isn't a word, but you get the idea.  Point is, it's flexible."
76561198071974669,Recommended,296490,20957500,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Tom Venables,This is an outstanding tower defense game.  Probably the best one ever created by a large margin.  Every detail of the game was carefully crafted and the polish truly shows.  The game is quite long for a tower defense game and may get somewhat tedious as the levels drag out.  There are enough options and customizations to keep it fun though.  Plenty of secrets and discoveries to be had along the way as well.Here is a Youtube video walkthrough of the challenging Iron Wizard mode if you are trying to complete it:https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL_klkvna97AAy-s_RT-4r7sRAMIuIFczF
76561198084179245,Recommended,296490,21267432,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Livingfear,"Excellent Game.Runs fine on my computer, but then again I never tried spamming the game with 300+ enemies.Best tower defence game on steam."
76561198063551421,Recommended,296490,21128414,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Lego #Se7en,One world Addictive!!!If you like a fun and challenging TD game definitely get this one and when is on sale its even better
76561198111003355,Recommended,296490,22621567,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,tenkakicks,I hope you like grinding.
76561198078993075,Recommended,296490,23034917,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,watyrfall,Good tower defense game. Depth in gameplay so it doesn't get boring. Built in difficulty per level so you can make it as hard as you want. Tiny bit of flavor added in. Really enjoyed playing so far. Addictive.
,Recommended,296490,23106491,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,elspethrowe,"I really like this game, but I liked it better on ArmorGames before all the new vision fields were added and so many things were changed. I think the vision fields are dumb, since you can't actually do anything to get better for them. You basically just have to come up with the right stupid trick to complete it. I love everything else about the game."
76561198039796635,Recommended,296490,23032848,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,gabigrier,"After the first hundred hours, I still feel like I'm not even halfway through this game.  Well built Tower Defense game -- arguably the most solid one I've played.  While the graphics leave something to be desired, the replayability and massive amount of customization possible make this game nothing short of addictive.The best part, for me, has been being able to reset traits and bonuses you've earned entirely, and even between fields.  This feature has significantly decreased the amount of grinding that one sometimes needs to do in order to advance in a TD game.  However, even grinding doesn't feel like the right word -- playing the same field on a higher difficulty, or with newly defined gemstone parameters, makes the field suddenly feel like a new game, with new challenges.  And with better than 100 fields, it never gets old.Get this game if:  You are a tower defense fan, even a casual one; You enjoy puzzles and strategy; You like a lot of playtime for the dollar input.Do not get this if:  You need maximum use of your videocard; you dislike grinding to level up, even a little bit; You require roleplay elements in your game at all."
,Recommended,296490,25370781,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,tootpeep,Creme de la creme of the tower defense genre. Anxious for the next chapter in the GemCraft series
76561198201883879,Recommended,296490,25499787,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,aratayukkikaze,"In general a good game, save for the times that are a bit too much grinding. Follows up all the other gemcraft games very well. Thanks for another good game ^.^"
,Recommended,296490,25317412,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Twilight Sparkle,This is the end game of tower defences.
76561198015939568,Recommended,296490,25393674,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Bobzzo,"You're on vacation ? You're having a nice cold beer watching the sea in the evening? You feel something's missing ?The answer is that game - run on any crap piece of hardware, delivers lots of fun and it looks like it's endless.Lots of maps, lots of gems, lots of options, skills , upgrades, etc.10/10"
76561198025332971,Recommended,296490,15723899,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Erzberger,"I love this game. I´ve spent hundreds of hours on the flash version and now I´ll likely do the same with the enhanced Steam version. This is by leaps and bounds the best tower defense game you could hope to find. The strategic variety and number of different playstyles is impressive, to say the least.10/10"
,Recommended,296490,25368316,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Sharknado,"Probably the best tower defense you'll ever play. If you remember any of the old days of playing Gemcraft on sites like Kongregate or Armor Games, this will be a great throwback for you as the Gemcraft formula is back and only better.The game's unique approach to tower types makes it all the more fun and GIAB has even managed to work what the equivalent of boss fights are into a tower defense game. The maps are numerous and plentiful, and definitely justify the modest price tag you see above.The challenge fields and the ability to bump up the difficulty as you please in the game helps keep manners entertaing even after the main game has been beaten. Overall, I'd *completely* recommend this game to anyone who's even enjoyed a tower defense game before - I'm confident you won't find a better one out there."
76561197970338886,Recommended,296490,25514453,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Zitrax,"Damn, I feel like I spend too much time on this. Too addictive..."
76561197974238121,Recommended,296490,20503254,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Magus Nex,"The Dwarf Fortress/Aurora of Tower Defense games.So much depth and replay ability.I found it on sale and saw the reviews where very positive, now i wish i had paid full price. its worth every cent."
,Recommended,296490,20525862,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Murik,goodbye responsibilities
76561198007105901,Recommended,296490,20517596,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Fairbod,"Everything a tower defense game should be.There are lots of achievements , lots of useful stuff to work towards and  the maps look great .Some of the maps are very challenging , I've done many a restart .Best Tower defense I've played to date ."
,Recommended,296490,20515822,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Wunder_Blunder,This game gives Leslie Hall a run for her money in crazyness for gems.
,Recommended,296490,20501601,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Equveni,"Best tower defense game.Unique upgrade mechanics (both during matches and outside of them), lots of customisation options, and there are tons of achievements that can be unlocked."
,Recommended,296490,20569283,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,PerksHunter,"If you played the hell of the online free game at some point, like me, and wondering if to get the paid steam version, the answer to your question is - YES.This game is simple and fun, and as hard as you want to make it. It has a great and unique mechanic that encourages replayability, and not in the annoying way. This game is what you get when all the fluff is stripped away and mechanics are perfected till they sparkle.Seriously, the retention levels are crazy, just look at the achivements distribution, things that take many many hours to get are achieved by 30-40%~ of the owners. GG"
76561198040986362,Recommended,296490,20565491,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Pugliest Fug,"Solid, if unimaginative tower-defense mechanics. Everything you'd expect to see is here: building towers, walling-off enemies' paths into serpentine mazes, upgrading your defenses. GemCraft has an simple and intuitive take on tower design.  Gems provide the stats for each tower. You can swap them in and out of towers, upgrade them, and combine them for increased effects. All of this takes place while managing your mana pool. Mana is gained passively and from destroying monsters, then used to create gems, towers, walls, traps, etc. The economy of this system is rewarding for those who like to micromanage but no so punishing as to discourage experimentation.Outside of each level, you can unlock new skills to improve various aspects of your experience or hold onto those skill points for more mana at the beginning of levels. This trade-off is a nice change of pace from blindly allocating points as soon as they become available. In addition to skills, enemies may drop glyphs which can be socketed in to a grid and upgraded, providing further customization and buffs. Additionally, traits can also be found that are used to increase and customize the dificulty of  any level. Did I mention the levels? There are so many. A great deal of content is packed into this game.The only area where GemCraft is lacking is in the graphics and presentation. The entire game has a semi-gothic, old-school vibe similar to Diablo or any other notable RPG to come out the 90s. This style may appeal to some, but overall, the look of the game isn't very memorable."
,Recommended,296490,19754415,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,quark.smith,"One of my favorite. Played countless times, never get bored!"
76561197982588506,Recommended,296490,19988439,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Dunatis2000,"4th installment of what I would consider the best tower defense games out there. While I preferred Gemcraft: Labyrinth, each one has enough going for it to be worth a play if you are at all interested in the genre. Levelling, difficulty modes, all sorts of strategies and ways to try and break the game or at least game the system. I look forward to the next installment."
,Recommended,296490,19978489,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Gmork,Surprisingly addictive tower defense game that has some interesting new mechanics.
,Recommended,296490,19375850,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,error404,"I am normally not a tower defense fan, but this game is one of my favourites9 types of gems for towers or traps, which may be combined for certain effects(like a chain lightning which also decrease armor)got everything a tower defense game has - plus more"
76561197980896005,Recommended,296490,20048740,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Sol,"Best Tower Defence game on steam, and my 2nd favorite in the genre. (Protector series have allways been my favorite)GemCraft started out as a flash game on sites like newsground, armor games and kongregate, and took the jump into greenlight and steam not too long ago.This is the 4th GemCraft game made, and the other 3 were all Chapter 1 stories.If you like tower defence, there is no reason whatsoever NOT to buy this game.8/10"
,Recommended,296490,20588590,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,GaiusBertus,"Wow this is a well thought out tower defense game! Tons of options and skills to tweak and min-max. It's basically tower defense combined with the endorfine rush of loot-and-skill collecting of ARPGs. I got it in a sale, but this probably is worth the full €10."
,Recommended,296490,20633655,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Pimpstyle9008,"Looks like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game at first, played it a few hours, turns out it unlocks more stuff as you progress.  Great indie game for current asking price.  Amazing tower defense abilties such as amplifiers, traps, beacons, etc.  Rate it 10/10.  This game will blow your mind away with its puzzles!"
