user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198045340185,Recommended,296570,13567299,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Matthew,"Polished, entertaining game.  Played through it straight twice, and I can see myself playing through it again in the future.I could list some pro's and con's or repeat what others have already said, but instead I will highlight a few points which may clarify some of the mixed points you will see in other reviews.  The purpose, I hope, is to help potential buyers in figuring out the perspective from which other reviewers are coming from.1.  The game is ""linear"" in that you are expected to go a certain path on the game world, but the path is not in a straight line.  This will throw off some players who are used to the typical themepark RPG set-up where the game holds your hand on how to get to the next area.For a slightly spoiler-ish example:  Early on you will get a quest to kill a high level enemy blocking the road, a road which also leads to another part of the game map.  You are not supposed to kill said enemy at that point, as your party will get slaughtered.  A note tells there is a back way around, which is the intended path.  Thus, some players get ""frustrated"" by trying to brute-force their way through an encounter which is designed to be avoided until later.The game has several of these set-ups (and honestly, get a bit predictable by the end).  If you are the type which prefers the modern take with quest compasses and the game telling you exactly where to go next, this will be a con.  If, however, you enjoy seeing the game map as a ""puzzle"" and discovering how to proceed to the next area, then don't mind this ""con"" you may see in other reviews.It should also be noted that the game does drop clues on how to proceed, so it doesn't feel ""cheap"" as long as you are paying attention.  With the above example, there are 3 or 4 hints that try and tell you to take this back route.2.  Difficulty.  The combat in this game is turn-based whack each other in the face.  Thus, like other games of this type, combat boils down to which side has the bigger numbers.  The discrepancy you will see in regards to difficulty comes from the game starting you out with ""smaller numbers"" than even the beginning fights, which may feel like it is overly difficult.For better or worse, the way around this isn't necessarily advertised.  There are priests in each city which can apply a 24 hour (in-game time) blessing.  These blessings are very powerful early on, because they take your ""small stack of numbers"" and boost it up to the point where early fights are no longer overly challenging.Thus, the best way to get through the early game, to get some early levels and gear on your characters to make fights manageable, is to quest in ""bouts"".  Apply a few blessings, then do a quest or clear an area.  Head back to town, heal up, re-apply blessings and head back out.  You won't need to keep doing this the whole game (in fact it would get extremely expensive and tedious), as later on they are not as needed, but they are the best, efficient way to start out.So don't be fooled by reviews claiming the game is overly difficult or challenging.  The game does offer the tools needed, but the ""flaw"" is that the tools aren't exactly advertised well to the new player.  If you dive straight into the game without blessings, you will find the early game to be extremely unforgiving.  If you get past the early game, you will find the difficulty pacing more comfortable.  Perhaps even too easy.A bit long for a Steam review, but people who read these just want to know what they may be getting if they drop the money, so I wanted to clarify some discrepancy.  I had a lot of fun with the game, but it may not be for everyone.  For me, personally, I've ran into zero bugs or crashes and got a solid 150+ hours out of it, which is more that can be said about a lot of modern 60$ AAA releases."
,Recommended,296570,13114752,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,darkcecil13,"HIGHLY  RECOMMENDEDOne of the best turn-based turn-based battle systems I've played in a long time. Almost as good as Wizardry 8.+10 Character classes with a lot of customization of sub-specialties+Interesting story+You can buy skill points+6 Party members. Front and back rows like Wizardry or Elminage Gothic+Challenging (3 difficulty settings, cannot be changed once started)+Some good puzzles+Unique turn-based combat mechanic with a lot of different status effects+Fantastic soundtrack+Food management+Old-school+Interface scales with resolution-You can't respec skill points. I would be happy to have an option to spend a large amount of gold to do this or make it one of the features of the Talisman of Golot-No zoom option-Minor menu glitchesWas it worth the price? Absolutely."
76561198031765203,Recommended,296570,13188922,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,SleepThieff,"I want to start off by thanking Numantian Games for making a game with such an old school feel and a huge world and play time to back it up. I feel bad buying this game for 19.99, it is definitely worth a higher asking price. Lords of Xulima was an awesome experience.Here are my thoughts on the game, both good and bad:POSITIVE:+ The graphics are gorgeous. They are the perfect balance between old school and modern without being overly flashy. I loved the aesthetics of the enviornments.+ The animations while in combat were much more than I expected. The models of some of the more epic fights are extremely well done.+ For the most part, there are a ton of different enemy visuals. Some games tend to just rehash skins for certain enemies over and over with different colors to ""differeniate."" Lords does this a few times, but for the most part, there are a ton of different visuals and it adds to the flavor and keeps the game fresh.+ Open world gameplay. Lords is not completely linear, and it gives you the freedom to roam around and just kind of do your thing. Tons of sidequests/areas to explore. Do what you please!+ As far as gameplay length versus asking price, this game is unbeatable as far as indie games are concerned. 70+ hours of gamplay for 20 bucks? On an INDIE title? That is unheard of. Wow.+ Challenging. I have seen a lot of people on the forums complain about the difficulty of the game (too hard!), but I felt it was near perfect. There are three difficulties and different levels of challenges for all types of players, from casual to hardcore.+ The Lore. Numantian created a beautiful world filled with all types of creatures and Gods and they all have their personalities and roles.+Combat and strategy is well done. You have things to consider like positioning, resource management, different weapon types, debuff strats (should i stack bleeds/wounds/stuns?), skill allocation, among much more. There is a pretty good amount of depth here.The MEDIOCRE:+ The story. I understand this game is not completely story focused and development was probably emphasized on other aspects. I actually liked the story, it wasn't bad by any means, it just wasn't amazing. For the books though, I really enjoyed the ending. A lot. Props on the ending!+ Slightly grindy with the aspect of food. I understand the food system is necessary for this type of game and it adds a lot of strategy and decision making, but it can get repetitive to just grind out food resources in order to conserve precious gold.+ Itemization is a bit boring. Because of the way the stats on gear are designed, they aren't overly interesting or force you to make deliberate choices/tradeofffs. A few stats are just a bit too overpowered and could use some balancing (I won't mention any names).The BAD:+ This is my only big complaint about the game. The way that you obtain loot.. For the most part, much of your gear will come from the vendor. Basically end game is just constantly checking all the vendors over and over again hoping a good item spawns. You will occasionally find a good item naturally from a chest, but it is very rare. Having vendors being the strongest source of loot in the game seems like a poor design. Finding a really strong item on a vendor does not have the same rewarding effect as if the item was obtained after overcoming a difficult encounter.Suggestions:+ Crafting. I really wanted to see a crafting system in Lords. I don't see why a regular base item plus some unique crafting currencies couldn't yield some new items.+ I feel like some really cool items could have been created that would have fit the themes of the lore. Something creative like ""Life's Spark - Febret's Touch,"" a unique staff which can only be equipped by certain classes and has unique effects/stats. Explore the design space!Overall Lords of Xulima is an amazing title. If you are a fan of Baldur's Gate style games, definitely give Lords a try. It is the best game of this style I have played in years.Lords of Xulima takes about 60-80 hours to complete. It will just depend on your pacing/how much you are into questing around and doing side stuff.9.5/10"
,Not Recommended,296570,16881123,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Nacho,"This has been a tough game to decide on whether to give it a positive or a negative, but after some thought I have to go with negative.I was a huge fan of the Might and Magics growing up (World of Xeen was one of my favorite games) and saw this was recommend as a similar type of game. While it might be similar, it simply isn't as good.The biggest flaw of this game is the ridiculously spikey difficulty. I am playing on the recommended difficulty (classic) and find playing it an act of willpower.  First, the early pacing is horrific.  Honestly, I wouldn't be surprised to see how many people quit this game by level 5.  The combat is simple in terms of mechanics, but dirt cheap in terms of enemies.You are the chosen of the gods, well get use to being horribly murdered by bees and spiders.  Sure there are other enemies, but the poisons in the game are obscenely strong and will wipe your party.  I have found countless encounters where the game tells me it's a ""balanced fight"" that are totally unwinnable.  Why not go somewhere else? Well sometimes you simply can't, especially early on. That area is the one you have to suffer through so get use to constantly loading and hoping you get some rolls in your favor.  By the way, the poison isn't even really curable until you get a priest to 15 which is WAY too late in the game.The difficutly is further inflated by the way random encounters work. Basically, any time you can get jumped and have a chance to flee or fight, but sometimes it just means load. This is because your chance to flee is based on your party speed, which if it is lower, will be a small chance of fleeing. Meanwhile, this same stat determines how easily you can hit things, so the same stat that determines if you can run away determines if you would hit the mobs (except casters).  That doesn't really make a whole lot of sense. It really means you will die and load.  While this is happening, you have to wait for your party memeber to get a turn before you can load.  Well guess what, some of the mobs are so cheap they will chain sleep, mind control, stun, etc affects to the point where you never actually get a turn before you die.  I have found it faster to alt f4 if i fail the flee role than to wait for my first turn.This random difficulty seems to calm down some after about level 10, but you will still find poison mobs to be the most frustrating in the game.  In general, the monsters stack way too many of their conditions on a single apply and often to multiple party memebers.  You often feel as you need to win the fight as fast as possible, because you have no way of winning a long fight and some of the effects do not persist outside of combat.There are some effects that last outside of combat and are only curable by the town healer for a ridiculous price until MUCH later in the game, or unless you buy a more expensive potion. I am currently 45 hours into the game and still cannot cure curse, which is unavoidable after certain events. Typically, after you get this cured, the next mob will reapply it and just suck away more of your money.Aside from the combat, that game loves to throw ridiculous puzzles at you and disable saving just to make you restart them from the beginning.  Failed to weave inbetween those mobs 10 levels higher than you? Watch your whole party die in combat and reload and do better next time.  That's not the way you should go based on random art in the background? Have fun back at the beginning.  After a while, you'll just get sick of it and probably google the answer because you don't like having your time blatently wasted.The game does have interesting pick lock and disarm trap mechanics that are difficult, but pretty fair.  However, the detection system is pretty wonky.  You have to level up detection to see the traps, but even with it the appropriate level, you will not always see the closest trap in a timely manner.  Get use to quick saving every few steps in a dungeon because if you set off a trap, you will either die or be on the brink of death.  Since trap detection is only on movement, you will find yourself saving before a trap and just walking back and forth in front of it until your detector randomly decides to see it.Overall, I've had a lot of fun with this game but much more frustration and aggravation, which is why I chose to give it a negative review.  The game itself isn't bad but feels like it screws you over just a little too much. I haven't encountered any bugs in the game or had any crashing.  If you decide to pick it up here is some  advice for you:1. Wiki your party. Some classes are totally useless and will only take a spot.2. Get use to saving and loading a lot.3. Mark food on the map. This will help save early game costs.4. Prices at the first town for food, sleep, and healing seem to be cheaper.5. The towns sell a one time use portal device for immediate return.6. The bosses are pretty unfair and may require you to leave the dungeon and do something else for a few more levels.7. You can determine the difficulty of a fight by right clicking on a monster. The game never told me this and it is pretty useful but don't take it as gospel.8. The game doesn't tell you where to go next so if all the new places seem too difficult, see if there is a spot in the old zone you missed.9. The game puts a lot of instant fail criterias in place so when you are warned about certain things, you HAVE to head the warnings.  You will not be able to just power your way through."
76561198059287253,Recommended,296570,19771166,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,ozkal.arayici,"Tips for Hardcore and General ReviewPositive's: Old school, challenging enough, quite long, good story, have many features , have secrets, and much more;Negatives: Traps :) , limited valuable classes, weapon quality over levels ; no set items etc.. terrible loots; Gaulen's being classses! , stock prices increases with your level (how nonsense is this)Overall 9,5 / 10 ; buy it :)Tips for hardcore: (no mods installed)I directly started in hardcore; finished game at level 66, did all maps clear (no single moster left, killed princes after killed armies, killed guardians first,even the powerful demon that gives horn which was in my idea the hardest fight to survive etc.) ,have all achives, ranked 99/100 in the end with score 33,183My party was - (front) Gaulen -Barbarian- Thief (back) Divine summoner , Mage, Priest;Though you can prove otherwise, here is my experience ; ""you cant finish the game without a thief and a priest""; both you must have; and ""you will have many difficulties if you dont master shurikens"";Now, general rules;-Dont buy food; there is enough food in Nabros; and strating area-Get treasures from imps (i killed all imps but not worth it believe me)-Dont harvest plants until level 30;-When you feel you are struck, and all armies left quite powerful, know that there is a fight with some small sacrifices to be done and you will in the end find an area that is simple to you ,- In lower levels always get Constitioun blessing and then go explore ( it makes a huge difference)- when you have enough money, buy like 30 torches/lockpicks/cyrstals and always shurikens in early stages, later these will be quite expensive;- Dont rely on loots and stock sellings,- Wounds and bleeding is quite important, so i suggest two classes that one goes for sword (barb. for exp.) and one for axes (Gaulen in my case), and thief with sword;- After level 10 or so, equip shields for back row and no weapons; cause waepon damage is quite low for magic classes, and weapons dont gives stats but shields do :)-Check the world map and try to locate teleporters; and go in that way first :)- Be patient (i m a working man did 1 months to finish the game),- Save oftenFeel free to ask any questions"
76561198008429783,Recommended,296570,18247923,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Basilhare,"I am mainly a strategy gamer coming from a background of playing Civ “X”, Gal Civ “X”, EUIV, M&B Warband, Matrix/AGEOD games, X-Com, etc.. I was in between games & looking for something different to play when I ran across this game in a thread about good RPG-Tactical Games. I am glad I gave Xulima a try. It has a nostalgic feel to it and that old fashioned D&D appeal (I date back to the white box/3 booklet early D&D Pen and Paper Days) that some of us old timers still remember. This feel though, is coupled with some very nice (albeit very basic) game mechanics that just simply work for the type game it was designed to be. At first glance, I thought that the combat mechanics were a little “hokey” but they work and they work elegantly. I look forward to the battles and they make you think and plan each combat turn. In addition to the combat and questing, there are some nice surprises in your exploration & adventuring. For us old schoolers that enjoy some logistics, there are some simple but elegant food & rest requirements that work without being tedious. To me, the best part of the game is the old school leveling up and making hard choices in your skill & attribute allocations as you advance. If you are a “instant gratification / pew-pew” gamer that needs high end graphics and action, stay away. But if you can use your imagination a bit and want a nicely done, old school adventure game, Xulima is your ticket. I hope they follow with a sequel…The game is quite addicting....buy the Golot Treasure DLC...its worth it....ProsOld School Nostalgic FeelNicely Done Game and Combat MechanicsImmersionElegant Logistics, basic but not tediousNicely done advancement systemChallenging (recommend the medium or hard settings, don’t play on “normal”)Overall game package just works – good feel, fit and finishHours and Hours of RPG Adventure FunConsSimple but elegant graphics – no huge explosions or 3D action hereIs grindy at timesSome might miss the “follow the green arrow” tips of other games ie., this is a thinking persons game…Combat system may be too quirky for some (again, no “pew-pew” here)Some may miss the “Monty Hall” feel of other titles…you work for your loot here…Some of the game can bog down w/ tedious puzzle like problems to solveYou sometimes get stuck w/out any clear route to proceed, which can be tedious to figure out what to do next"
,Recommended,296570,12976351,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,raixel,"I grew up in the 80s. I remember oldschool games. I was a teenager in the 90s, and remember the RPG gems of the era, a lost age as far as I'm concerned. Games where the story and sense of exploration, strategy in combat was more important than flashy cutting edge graphics. Games where literacy was important and they came with huge manuals, with a fleshed out backstory and bestiaries of all the monsters.Lords of Xulima hearkens back to that era, the late 90s isometric RPGs, but with the traditional turn based first person ""enemy in front of you where your chars portraits are on the bottom of the screen"" RPG format. Its fun. Its awesome. Ive wanted an RPG like this for ages.Deep story, decent combat, a sense of exploration and wanting to see what was farther down the path. I love this game and would recommend it for anyone who finds modern ""RPGs"" lacking."
76561198006567656,Recommended,296570,12796491,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Star Paladin,"After over 120 hours of play, I'm ready to give my review.  If you played M&M; If you played Xene; if played Wizardry, and you've spent all your gaming years since then looking for a game, any game, to scratch that itch of a classic, old school'ish RPG, this is that game.Real time movement on the map; turn based combat; dozens of skills, spells, stats and classes.  Up to 100 hours of play (if your a completionist); and just the right combination of old style RPG gaming with lots of modern amenities blended in.Mix in a Development team that actually listens to it's community, and adds patches/upgrades faster than you can say ""Kill That Ogre"", and you just can't go wrong with this game.  Watch any UTube video on this game if your on the fence."
76561197999018200,Recommended,296570,16029252,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Lord Azlan,"I am going to begin this review by saying it is the first and only game I have ever bought pre-release. I read some interesting thoughts about it on the RPG Codex and snapped it up.What does Old School RPG mean? If you think it means I played RPG back in the day and therefore fully capable of playing this one on Difficult - you won't get very far. Back in the day a bunch of us played RPG like Bards Tale 1, Wasteland 1, Ultima IV etc. They were not easy games. Try playing them now.So my first tip is to play this game on normal difficulty and save yourself some angst - unless - unless you can remember all the mantras from Ultima IV and know the optimum party build for each Wizardry and Might and Magic.The game - it's a blobber. Party based turn based combat. It is better than M&M X Legacy.It's a beautiful little gem developed by this small group of people that obviously love RPG games. It comes through in the design and gameplay.I was exploring and came across this structure and went inside. I found a talking skull that asked me its name. How would anyone know that. I was stuck. There are a few teleports around so I explore - going from place to place and mapping as I go. Still stuck. Frustration time right? I look at the overhead map and my poor old brain tells me the different sections sort of look like letters. If you look down from above like a map does. I have letters - but what is the order? Each section has candles - leading from 1-6. I solve the puzzle and progress.I found the puzzle unique and amazing.The game is not linear. But that does not mean you can go where you want. The trick is navigating a pathway through the dangers and my path was different from others. For example, I did not tip toe around the sleep causing mushrooms heavily cursed by all the frustrated players giving negative views. When I finally came across them I ate them for breakfast.Some players get stuck because they do not pay attention to the text. Unlike M&M X, you need to pay attention. Pathways previously blocked open up as you progress. You need to backtrack. The game is not linear.You need to use strategy in this game. RPG Strategy? What is this game some sort of RPGS - never heard of that. SRPG?Off course you can run around and eat mushrooms and pick flowers. Your bard can sing 80s pop music. Can you manage assets? What the heck will your mage do when he runs out of magical energy - defend every turn? Maybe take a short tea break? You stock up on health potions but what are you going to do when you know someone in your party is likely to die because four spiders have their turn in combat before they get a chance to gulp down a potion? Damn healing scrolls - stock up.Are you stocked up on torches and lock picks? Buy food and explore and then come back. Push your limits before heading back. Usually about five days is enough because after that the cost gets prohibitive. Don't rest after each fight like some weakling. Man up.The combat is complex. I could write pages about it. Bleeding, Burning, Burping, Stunning, Wounding, Sleeping.Your little thief from only doing 1 damage per turn with his little dagger becomes the best fighter in the game if you train him on Shurikens. Pointy ninja weapons that disappear after you throw them. Apart from the basic damage they do they also do Bleeding damage that stacks over time. STACKS OVER TIME. Remember that. You can only buy three of these at a time before the shopkeeper runs out - come back tomorrow! Keep all of these until you really need them. I had around 100 in stock before I came across some badass that would not go down.Stacking works on your party as well.Stunning. Some weapons don't do bleeding damage or cause wounds. They stun your opponent. I came across this evil looking Emerald Wyvern who basically could not get an attack in. That was amazing. Makes me ponder a STUN + STUN + BLEED front three. I came across this little Imp guarding a treasure chest who would not get out the way unless I answered a little riddle. Get lost you little squirt. He then grew to a gigantic size and nearly polished of my party as none of the bleed or stun effects worked on him. Eventually I figured out he was weak to burning and basically went into defensive mode apart from my Mage throwing fireballs like a maniac.I could tell you lots of amazing stories about the game. The time I went through the desert and came across a kebab vendor. I will just say Buy It and support this little company.Tips for beginners unless you want to learn the hard way.Harvest those little wheat plants in the first town and sell for profit. That little money will help pay for food or blessings.Blessings - get them for Speed increase and Resistance and Evasion - you get the ideaSkills - train up as many skill points as you can afford - you get four per level up but what would you do with 6 or 8 or 12?Yes. Spend that cash mate. Your thief can pick locks better, train weapons, improve immunity and gain experience faster. They can even do some body building in the local gym.Don't waste your Mage's time training his little puny staff fighting skills or trying to buff his muscles, maximise his potential in magic. He don't need the ability to wear Steel Armour as if everything goes correct - he won't never be in the front row.That little twerp Gaulen - try waiting on picking flowers until he can get 3 herbs per pick. Train his hunting and exploring skills. People complain about the food requirement all the time. With hunting your whole party can transverse many maps with animals without losing food - you gain it!Your Bard - he ain't a fighter - he is a pansy artiste. Stun music, music that make you angry, music that inspires you is the way to go.You don't have to rest 8 hours after each battle to heal up - your cleric can do that - just make sure you have mana potions in stockIt's a charming little gem of a game. Don't think you know it all cos you played Baldur's Gate back in the day.Support these guys and let's look forward to Xulima 2"
,Recommended,296570,14146295,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Dajjer,"It's a leveling playing field.The reason I like RPGs over all other gaming genre's is the sense of character progression as you get further and further into the game. When this type of game is properly done,  you start of so wimpy, itty bitty little cave rats can take you down but by games end you should have a character stong enough to take down the game's god. Lords of Xulima understands this concept and gives you plenty of options to level up your character.You can level up,  of course with the normal way by accumulating points from winning battle.You can level up stats by solving the games dozens of questsYou can level up stats by gathering  and using herbsYou can level up stats by drinking from wellsYou can level up stats by drinking from fountainsYou can level up stats by items left over from your victims battle dropsYou can level up stats by praying at statues (one way permanent and one way temporary)You can level up stats by solving puzzles.Some of the leveling up of stats is automatic, and some you get to pick. And there is so much to level up. You can level up stats, attributes, mind, body, prayers, spells, songs (yes the Bard characater is the most fully realized yet), weapons, armor, attacks, thieveries,  field knowledge etc. I would quess there are probably over a hundred things that can be leveled up. However some charaacters (spell casters) have more then others (soldiers).Gameplay wise, its your old school turn based combat and it is well done. But that may be the one qualm I have with this game. There is a lot of combat and by late mid game it becomes tiresome. By the last quarter of the game the high stat/hit point monsters are taking a long time to take out. And while the game has a great story and great lore, it does tend to get lost with the continious battling. And speaking of story I was able to tell the story ending early on in this game but the story rail did not allow me to change my destiny.Still, I had a lot of fun with this game. I loved the color palate. It was bright and fanciful like a Might and Magic or early NES game. And the music is spectacular. The composer, Nicholar De Ferrar, is on the same level as Soule (Skyrim) and Rosenkranz (Gothic). And with some limited voice over work, that was also of superiour quality, the music had to carry you over and it delivered. Qualms aside the game deserves an A rating."
76561198036235772,Not Recommended,296570,13096481,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Inzababa,"All right, I'll start with the positive stuff, having just completed the game.-- it's cheap-- it offers many hours of gameplay-- it's polished, has no bugs at all-- has nice ideas that don't exist in other RPGs, the single person representing the party is nice-- the leveling system is interesting and gives freedom-- the ""face to face"" turn based combat is quite interesting and fun-- it's not ""easy"" like a walk in the park if you play it on the level it's meant to be played (old school veteran)-- the class and weapon system is clean and funNow for the bad stuff-- it's incredibly repetitive, (I won't go into details so as not to provide spoilers)-- it's a grind fest-- they say that it's a none linear game and that you can go anywhere you want, that's wrong, you can only go where you ""can"" go according to your level-- the story isn't deep at all-- there are no choices and no consequences to any actions, all the ""talking"" is pre determinedAll in all, you'll be spending most of the time killing monsters and/or walking around, the story is totally predictable after some time I was only playing the game because I wanted to finish it out of principle. Even though it's polished and has some nice touches, the grind and repetitiveness of it all just got to me.My advice, good value for money game but don't expect anything special."
76561198002172050,Recommended,296570,12949326,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,ElectroD,"My first review on Steam.This is a game with great turn based depth. It has similar combat mechanics with the Disciples 1&2 series(the good ones), with M&M series, with M&M Legacy, but it seems way better, cleaner and more fun.It also has interesting puzzles, very neat and crisp 2D graphics and exploration mechanics. But make no mistake, this game is all about combat. And combat it does very very well. If you like a challenge and a game where you must think hard before you just push buttons, then Lords of Xulima is the right game for you.The game is recommended for the Veteran level, because at this level the challenges imposed by the enemy parties require you to use everything at your disposal to win. Be it potion, spell scrolls, buffs, debuffs, usable items, there are many fights in which you must use tactics and think ahead more than a few moves to be able to move forward. Also it is one of the first games where threat assesment is spot on. When you right-click an enemy and it says Troublesome, it will be TROUBLESOME.The rpg mechanics are well-thought, being a progression based game. The higher you level up, the stronger your heroes get, but at the same time the enemies begind to vary in their attacks, properties and sizes. Each class brings something to the table; there are no useless clases in this game. As there are tons of varied enemy combinations, the game encourages you to make a diverse party, not try to cheese it with 6 archers(that does not work, you need dps tanks in front). you will need heals, thief skill,etc.This game is also very long (50 hours in, almost at half) and, to be honest, it can take a seat near Wasteland 2 and Divinity OS as inovation, feeling and attention to detail. Like those games, it combines the game elements in a way that entices the player to keep playing, ignoring sleep and food to just finally defeat that last monster.The only negative part in my opinion is the mediocre story, but as you play the game, the design is so good that you never notice it during gameplay.I really recommend it, as it offers huge and complex content for a low price."
76561197991657927,Recommended,296570,12938805,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,MrMuse,"70 hours in and I find it hard to believe that this is Numantian's first game. I had my doubts at first because doing a first playthrough in veteran mode requires a small ammount of grind at times and it's not always apparent where you are meant to go next. But not knowing is arguably part of the charm of discovery. The best thing about it is that you just KNOW this is going to be one of those rare games you will actually want to play again after completing it just to try different party combinations and to see if you can beat hardcore mode (hardcore mode with ironman is going to be a stretch for even the most dedicated player). Aside from its overall ""goodness"", for want of a better term, its been priced absolutely perfectly to fit in with these ""grab great games cheap in the sales"" times. It's extraordinarily good value for money. 90%"
,Recommended,296570,12971852,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,dr_ripguts,"A little bit Might and Magic, a little bit Wizardry, a little bit HoMM, and a little bit Baldur's Gate. I find myself saying ""just one more level, or ""just one more dungeon"", usually playing far longer than intended. Challenging turn based combat, open world maps, well designed character system, interesting loot. Fun and fresh."
,Recommended,296570,12809440,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Lucardes,"First I want to say this: This is my FIRST  Steam review I have done and for a good reason. Because the game is this good.I am truly amazed at how the fine little details this game has. I purchased this right after the UI change and have already put in 20 hours. I'm an old school player have played all kind of RPG games from Baulders Gate to Dragon Age Origin to Arcanum to Divinity Sin to now... this. I barely touched 20% of the content and I'm already 20 hours in.The game is remanence of the old school Baulders Gate except that it has an amazing new UI. It's like Might & Magic X Legacy feel to it but less buggy and less hexy. The game world is huge and story is right to the point. It shows a beliveable world. I can't stop thinking of this game even during work I still do a google seartch 'Lords of Xulima' just to see whats new in regards to news, talks, blogs etc. etc. to fullfill my need till im out of work so I can put in another 6-7 hours of gametime till its about 2am. Then I go to sleep then work and repeat the process. This game got me hooked and I can't wait till I finish it and play in Ironman mode.I wish the developers can get more money/exposure because honestly they deserve this. I also hope they continue to baby this game and produce so much content (And I will be happy to pay them the $5-$10 DLC, with my eyes closed)"
76561197987065532,Recommended,296570,12543626,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Suitonia,"Lords of Xulima is a good, old-school style RPG. (Very similar to Wizardry). The Art-Style is charming and the music is very good! The best part of Lords of Xulima is the battle system, which is very in-depth. The game is fairly non-linear, usually there is more than just 1 thing to do, outside of story specific things such as temples, often the only thing that is blocking a path to another area is a monster, so if you are able to defeat it you can advance into new areas without doing them in the intended order. The map opens up a lot once you have defeated the second prince in the game.Story: The Story unfortunately doesn't make a good impression to begin with, It is Pokemon style, you are tasked with purifing 8 temples, killing 4 princes, 4 witches etc. There are a few good pieces of dialogue that give you a back-story into Gaulen's (The main Characters) past, and some nice dialogue between the Bosses and Gaulen which I found interesting, there aren't too many NPCs around in the towns to really give much of a history on the setting of map. It is workable though and the other aspects that Lords of Xulima more than make up for it.Gameplay: Lords of Xulima has you create a Party involving Gaulen (The main character which you must take) and 5 other characters of your choice from 9 different classes. There is enough variation in the classes, and in the skills you select as you're leveling the classes up, to warrant 2-3 playthroughs of the game. The battle system is what really sets Lords of Xulima apart. It is very good, very in-depth, if you are a fan of old turn-based RPGs you will love the LoX battle-system. You control Gaulen through-out the world and fight your way through forests, deserts, snow, demon-infested ruins, dungeons, temples and castles to achieve your objectives, there is a nice variety of enemy types (although some are palette swaps, there is plenty of original enemies to keep you interested) and settings. There are a lot of tough puzzles and riddles in LoX which are very good and make you think, again, like classic old-school RPGs. Everything you do in LoX is limited by your supplies, which you will need to use to rest (to heal) and to move around the map, you can regain supplies by picking them from the terrain, using Gaulens hunting skill after killing monsters, and buying them from towns or looting them, there are plenty of secrets hidden in the maps to have you searching for. The game is hard as you might expect for an old-school RPG, seeing an Ironman mode is very refreshing :)Music: Very good, there are plenty of times where you'll find yourself humming away to the music, especially in the snowy town :) . Good variety of battle music, dungeons sound creepy etc. It is very coolArt: I found the art style very cool and classic looking, but modern enough to be charming. Keep in mind that this game is working on a very tight budget, I think they've done a great job with the music and art.The devs are releasing 1-2 updates per day (Even on weekends) and bugs are getting fixed very quickly. Even though it's an Early Access Game I have never had any problems with crashes. The only bugs I have encountered are localization issues, the developer is a spanish developer so there is 1-2 weird translations here and there, but they get fixed quickly if you post them in the forum.If you are a fan of classic RPGs, get this game, it's great value. I've already gotten 50 hours of it. For £12 that's a bargain."
76561197973016150,Recommended,296570,12966303,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,g1smo,"I believe this is the first time I am writing a review for a game. I was very sceptical when I saw a trailer and gameplay, and thus downloaded a pirate version of a game. But after 10+ hours of non-stop adventure in this fantastic RPG i decided to buy this game and I think I am gonna buy another copy for one of my friends.This game has a great ballanced gameplay and that what makes it so addicting. You are always managing resources - mana, food, hp, gold. You can't just go and kill everything that moves or steal 20 million gold from a stupid merchant. Everything in this game has a price, and you really need to choose wheather you want to earn a little bit more gold for a greater item in the shop, or venture forth into the magic forest (since you need food for adventures)If you like Baldur's gate, Divinity and old school rpgs - this is a must buy.They say there are 100 hours of a content, I don't know if that is a true. But what I have seen after 10 hours on of gameplay it looks like yes. This game is deep and lengthy.Numantian Games, guys, You did awesome job. I just suggest you work on a presentation (trailer, screenshots and marketing ""warp"" . It is poor now - it makes people doubt). Though thank you for you work, I totally gonna play the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this game on different difficulty levels.Thank you!"
76561198116886926,Recommended,296570,18194133,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,storm,I have played this game 3 times through. In my opinion it is more enjoyable than either Divinity Original Sin or Pillars of Eternity. I want more however and there does not appear to be any coming.Likes – the turn based system works well. Each class has true strengths and weaknesses.  A fairly good storyline. Functional graphics. Variety of terrains and monsters.Improvement Opportunities – would of liked more sub quests with substance. Store owners rarely sell anything worthy. I would like to see decent quests for better weapons or special items. More  deeper and darker dungeons and caves. Some of the electric and fireball trap/puzzles are annoying.
76561197972168267,Recommended,296570,14081284,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Mactell,"5 Stars...2 thumbs up...However you want to say it.  This game is fantastic.  There have been very few truly great RPGs over the years, and lots of almost-but-not-quite ones.  The greats for me - Pool of Radiance(and nearly all of the SSI gold box games), World of Xeen, Baldur's Gate(1 & 2), Plansecape:Torment, and now Lords of Xulima.The pacing is solid.  I basically have been leveling up just about the time I start to feel like I need to.  Too many games either level you constantly or make you grind it out.The game runs smoothly and the interface is fantastic.  One example:  Whatever way you want to choose the next baddie to attack, it is there for you - Want to kill off the guy on the right that is threatening your cleric with oblivion; just click on him there in the field of battle - Want to focus your firepower on the next monster idue to try to put a stomping on you; just click on his representation in the attack queue.  It is a little thing, but it is right.The mission feels meaningful, even if it is the old ""chosen hero saving the world"" overall storyline.  It doesn't feel like a generic group of pixels clicking attack buttons.  The classes are unique and each has a flavor (my favorite is the divine summoner - mostly because you've never seen a class quite like that before.The biggest compliment I can give this game - it was obviously NOT written for the console jockey.  Don't get me wrong, I think the game would work very well ported to a tablet, or even a console.  I just does not feel like a console game ported to PC as an afterthought, which is what we have been getting way to much of for the last few years.I'm sure people could find things to nitpick, and if I had one improvement to suggest it would be the way the story is expressed feels a little jarring.  Conversations don't feel natural...the more I think about it, I am not sure this is a negative - The game conversations remind me of listening to a DM in the pen and paper days of my youth - They tend to feel like they are coming from the same guy, just in different voices.  lol."
,Recommended,296570,16456293,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Draetor,"This is one of those games where I could play through it on normal difficulty and then immediately play through on the hardest difficulty without a break.  It was good.  It has all the elements of an old school RPG with turn based combat set in a battle window, but with modern top down (aka Baldur's Gate style) world exploration.There were a few non-crucial bugs here and there, but not enough to really care or notice the enjoyment you get while exploring and and battling.  The difficulty is steep early game, but that's the driving factor for developing your characters.  The one downside to the game is that because you do need to have care about your party's development, the party will eventually become really powerful late game, making the last challenges trivial.  The difficulty trul lies within the first half of the game."
,Recommended,296570,13840502,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Chairman Pow!,"This game came out of nowhere and is probably my game of the year for 2014. Deep, complex and interesting old school style RPG. Old school in spririt yet adds unique modern aspects and twists.Heavy emphasis of exploration and careful turn based strategy during combat.  The game will create  a ""let me just see whats over here"" time vacuum."
76561198070126792,Recommended,296570,13005306,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,johndoe1927,"This game is what i was hoping Might and Magic X would be. A solid, Old School RPG throwback, with a good leveling system and interesting loot. If you are a 90's kid, and have been looking for a timesink, buy this game."
,Recommended,296570,31848188,Posted: 19 May,all,Avatorn,"After over 100 hours (still haven't beaten the game), I will strongly recommend this game for certain players. I""ll get to that in a sec, but first a quick Pro/Con list since that's expected:PRO:-Deep and broad character customization (probably one of it's strongest traits)-Interesting world interactions-Engrossing story (albeit a touch generic if you've been playing RPGs for 20 years)-Turn-basec combat with a pleasant touch of tactics (especially on harder difficulties)-Feels like Might & Magic x Quest for Glory with updated graphics and in 3rd person (a + for me)-Hundreds of items, skills, and magics to use-Storyline related puzzles that are actually a challenge-Layered quests (have to return to a zone later to accomplish certain feats)-Variable Difficulty (from easy to fair to headbangingly difficult)CON:-Difficulty can seem unfair at times-Enemies can feel a tad redundant-Customization can be daunting; definitely recommend reading a wiki for a few minutes-Can't 'respec' skill pointsSo, as hinted above, if you liked Might & Magic, Quest for Glory, or other classic cRPGs, then you will likely enjoy this game.  No, it's not on par with greatness of Baldur's Gate or Neverwinter Nights (again, it's more a M&M / QfG feel).  If you only enjoy cutting edge RPGs with lots of voice acting and cut-scenes, this may not be the game for you.If you like character customization, engaging stories, and fun exploration and world interactions, then this game is worth it.Overall:  8.5/10 is a fair evaluation."
76561198082049654,Recommended,296570,12940558,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Skaarphy,"What a great game. One of those rare games where you will have fond memories of, and every once in a while come back to, to play it with a different line-up.Absolutely recommended for anybody who likes turn-based combat, and even for people who don't but always wanted to know why some people make such a fuss about it."
76561198023077334,Recommended,296570,18281918,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,zaknafein196,"This is a very good oldschool RPG game. Reminds me of Might and Magic and Wizardry 7. So here is the breakdown:The Good:- very addictive- character leveling, complex but not overwhelming- challenging with difficult battles- large world, classic fantasy, sets a great mood- good soundtrack- loads of items to buy/findThe Bad:-would love more character classes (nine I think) and more races (only humans)-some of the backgrounds in the fights look a bit too colorful.. childish.In conclusion I can only say this is quite a gem. Very easy to overlook, but if you like RPG go for it, this game deserves some spotlight as it is a great sucessor to the old masterpieces."
76561198076782950,Recommended,296570,13108471,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,thonaumann,"Flashy graphics, a world where YOU are the hero, open to your every whim. Opulent graphics, action-based combat and you can get even a nude cheat.That is all what this game is NOT about.Lords of Xulima is a game which is old-fashioned. In a very good way. You lead a party. It has turn-based combat. And in this combat positions, skills, side-effects like bleeding, poisoning and so on are really meaningful and at the same time not annoying. The food system is something I was very critical about in the beginning but now I see how it adds to the tension (in this game you have food reserves and deplete them slowly by wandering about and quickly while resting to heal up again). I admire this game especially for the economy. It is tight but not too tight. There are games out there where gold has no meaning: you have always enough and buying potions and such is more of a hassle than a decision. Not so here. Money is scarce, potions are expensive and you need them.The graphics are not Skyrim but they are beautiful. The back story is not a high point but it does its job, that is giving you a goal and mile stones to achieve it. There are secrets and lots of puzzly stuff. You know these old rpgs where you get a hint, then a seemingly unsolvable situation appears but then you remember the hint and you can progress? Xulima has that in spades.You can save whenever you want. You need to save often. Because you can lose fights. Yes, it is one of these games. No mercy for the weak. Ok, there is a kind of mercy: you can always lower the difficulty. But on the normal difficulty setting (""Old Veteran"") the game is challenging - but just in the right way.I always searched for a game which triggers the same feelings like Might Of Magic and Bard's Tale of old. Here it is. With just the right adjustments for modern times, with an automap where you can make your own notes and a comfortable journal. If you are grown up with Bard's Tale, Might of Magic, Wasteland 1 or Dungeonmaster: buy it. Now. If not, buy it anyway. And take some weeks off. You'll need them.10/10"
76561198043297097,Recommended,296570,18672615,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,o0o,"An excellent old-school style RPG. At the $15 I paid (New Zealand) it was an absolute steal. Played 114 hours and got to the final boss, but can't beat him. Don't care though, great game. Recommended."
76561197992968445,Recommended,296570,11610955,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Shiny BOOT,"This is a very well made old school rpg with a mix of almost every oldschool rpg you can think of, so far the early access version feels like complete game with a fairy balanced combat system, there's many classes to choose from and each one has its own unique spells you start to unlock when leveling up to make your party feel really diverse and balanced, there's also a very good soundtrack and asthetic, you wont be dissapointed if you have any feeling for oldschool CRPG'sThe only thing is by design the game is very challenging and you have to actively search for fights that you can handle in order to gain experience and enough gold to sustain yourself, dont feel that its the games fault if you run into a enemy very early in the game that destroys you in 1 turn because thats by design, you can clearly see in the enemy info screen if a fight is too difficult or a fair challenge by right clicking on a group of enemies before engaging, its a oldschool crpg and you are meant to pull out all the stops to win, this isent your skipping in the flower fields type of game you have Skyrim if you want to do that"
76561197974965690,Recommended,296570,12978378,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Unhelpful Bot,"Lords of Xulima (LoX) is an old school CRPG influenced by the classics like Might and Magic, Wizardry and Ultima.While ToX does contain a good amount of story and dialog, its focus is clearly on combat, exploration, and progression, similar to how Might and Magic and Wizardry games are.  And I'm happy to say that it really shines in these areas.Progression-wise, the game lets you build a party of 6, including a premade main character with a unique class.  You can pick from 9 classes when making your other 5 characters, and each class offers unique abilities, strengths and weaknesses.  You can definitely agonize over what the optimum party config is for hours if you are prone to that madness :).As your characters level-up, you gain skill points that you can spend as you choose.  In LoX, weapons, spells and skills like ""lockpick"" are all treated as ""skills.""  The majority of skills have ""levels,"" with different skills having different max levels.  What this means is that you will probably want to focus on maxing out a few skills so that you don't gimp your characters with a bunch of weak skills as opposed to a few strong ones.All in all, the progression system is nice because you have a lot of wiggle room in how you customize your party and each character within your party.  You also unlock new skills as your characters level up, so this makes leveling pretty fun.  You won't find the absolute crap-ton of skills in LoX that games like Wizardry had, but the fact that you can level up skills independently and that each skill feels pretty unique makes up for this.As for combat, LoX has turn-based combat with the turn order displayed on the side of the screen so you can see who's going next and strategize.  I was really pleasantly surprised by the combat.  It is VERY challenging, and you feel like you really need to consider every action, especially early on.   It's really imperative that you think about how your party is going to work together effectively if you want to succeed in combat.  You absolutely need defensive characters in the front row to soak up damage, or you will find your poor fragile mage getting his or her face kicked in repeatedly.The combat interface feels slick and snappy, and the combat graphics are very impressive for a $20 indie game.  I was really impressed with the combat overall, stellar job here.Next, the exploration aspect of the game,  Exploring in LoX seems pretty good so far, the zones all seem to have interesting things to find, like puzzles, riddles and lots of loot to gather.  The exploration also has an element of danger, because you never know when you're going to wander into a trap, or get ambushed by a monster that will absolutely destroy you.  Make sure to save often!If I have any gripe about exploration, it's that sometimes there are secret doors and the switches can be insanely frustrating to find, requiring you  to combat over wall after wall with your mouse.In conclusion, I would highly recommend this game to any fan old school CRPGs, or new-old-school CRPGs like Divinity:OS.  It's a really quality indie-RPG that seems to be a cut above most indies.  However, if you're looking for a very story-heavy experience, or you don't want a challenging game, you may want to look elsewhere."
76561198031592724,Recommended,296570,18941198,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Fatbill,"I'll keep this short, and to the point.This is a decent, if not terribly inspired group based cRPG that is mostly bug free. It allows people to play both pregenerated and individually created characters in the party. Solid game, for a fairly cheap price.The biggest negative for me was that compared to many other games of this type, it is VERY linear. There is basically one path to advance through the story and game. This is done through content being tied very closely to party levels, and ability. Sure, there is the illusion of ""sandbox"" or non-linear questing, but in reality, you can go to the various places whenever you want, but the enounters there will wreck your party if they try to do things in the ""wrong"" order.Pros:- Few bugs- Decent UI- Reasonable graphics- Decent if fairly generic gameplay- Reasonable sales priceCons:- Very linear in playability- Some quests not explained well or have misleading instructions- Wide disparity in usefulness of character classes (some are very powerful, others nearly useless)Overall it gets a positive rating, it is a good game for what it is and what it is sells for. But Pillars of Eternity it is not."
76561197974628587,Not Recommended,296570,15558575,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Kinder Bueno,"Huge dissapointment.The FeelingI've never felt so much restricted in an RPG. Even though this game is supposed to lead you in a new territory, in the wilderness, you are restricted to follow a path in the woods, strictly leading to enemies that con ""impossible"", or ""lethal"" or ""titanesque"", each could as well be replaced by a wall, the message would be the same: don't go there. It feels more like a ""heroes of might and magic"" style of movement on the map, with a huge troll blocking the way until you grind enough and level up enough in a small zone to get rid of him. That's not my idea of an RPG.The mechanismsThe possibilities of your characters are very few, 1 spell for your magician, 1 song for your bard, 1 attack for your warriors. That's it. The enemies are bags of HP and you have no other way to interact with them than just pressing your unique attack key during your turn an add up damage until they die. The same mechanism used in the last 25 years, nothing has changed. HP and mana doesn't regenerated with time, meaning that in order to resore your HP you have either to sleep for 8 hours, or use a spell or use money to purchase potions. Each resource being finite. In fact you could probably calculate how much gold is available on the first map, how much food is avaialble etc. Entering a city means paying with 100 gold, being hit means having to rest or having to cast,  which means food, which means gold. You can barely loot anything, even fighting armed humanoid won't drop you a weapon, in 3 hours I've only looted one rat tooth. All of this leads to a feeling of being restricted. You have to go there, you have to fight this, you have to rest, you have to purchase food etc, with no other option.DifficultyA rat will kill one of you character in 3 bites, but this is not where the difficulty resides. The real difficulty is to heal you characters with the few gold, potions and spells available. There is no real difficulty here, in the sens that there is no real skill involved, because there is no real choice. If your group takes too much damage in a fight then you reaload a saved game, since healing would cost too much. It's not really difficult, you are not challenged by the game, you rather have to endure a poor choice of game mechanism.Lasting impressionI'm really dissapointed to see that even with free and performant game engines avaialble for everone there is still such a lack of inspiration when it come to game design. ""Dungeon master"" offered more diversity and a more immersive experience and it was 25 years ago. Brass blade, then what? Iron blade? then steel blade and then silver blade? I can see it coming, just like the lesser heal, then medium heal, etc.TL;DR: There is not enough here to keep me entertained"
76561198007240278,Not Recommended,296570,14112096,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Naburimannu,"I wanted to like this, and it scratches a few itches, but overall I think I'm going to abandon it.After 30 some hours (low-20s levels of maybe 50) it's getting really repetitive. Over those 20 some levels there have only been a couple of events that changed the feeling of the game - oh, look, my mage got their first mass-AoE; now most combats are about the mage spamming that spell.Writing is poor at best, I don't enjoy the ""challenge"" of the combat enough to consider playing hardcore, and the game breaks all sorts of guidelines that I look for in RPG design - with a point-based irrevocable class AND skill system there are lots of skill traps and poor party mixes. Now that I suspect 2 of my 6 party members are never going to be up-to-par, I don't enjoy the game or the story nearly enough to start over with a new party. There are things you *can* do early but you get literally 5x the benefit if you wait until the late game (and yes, that 5x boost is probably more significant in the late game than the 1x boost would have been in the early game, except perhaps at the highest difficulty setting)."
76561198015210866,Recommended,296570,13014540,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Stubbie,"This is a great throw back to the days when computer rpg's where the king. It has very good presentation considering its indie development. Combat is handled superbly and involves a good amount of tactical decisions. It has that ""just one more turn"" holding power that many games released today dont have. If you are a fan of rpg's with real time exploring with intriguing puzzles and intelligent turn based combat then this one fits the bill perfectly."
76561197969803155,Recommended,296570,11614707,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,LS,"-muy buena-Lords of Xulima is a marvelous designed Roleplaying Game with a gorgeous Atmospäre. More than once I got goosebumps.The Musik is fantastic and the Artdesign is great. And on the normal Difficulty it is a real challenge. You looking forward to a healing potion, a leather vest or a better sword, because you need it ! And you will feel the difference.Items have a value in Lords of Xulima, there are not MIllions of Items in every Chest and Barrel. And there is NO Bioware Awesome Button ( When you press a button, something awesome has to happen), You must use your mind, you must read, and you have to develop your Party. If you like this kind of Games  (Old School Party Games) you'll have fun with it. Balancing is not perfect, but LOX is in Steam-EA and this RPG is still not finished. The Devs are very friendly and answer very fast of everey Question. If you like RPG from yesterday (i mean this only positiv!) you can buy this fantastic Adventure."
76561198063756697,Recommended,296570,12991668,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,terry,"This game is the most worthy one I bought in Steam.Yes, difficult. Even too difficult for some fast-food player. But IMO it's very the difficulty Classic Rpg should be.It forces player to think and plan carefully for every step, not only those during the battle or char-building, but also when to go where for what. A brainless roaming or fight without plan will certainly cause disaster while a little adjustment of formation or equipment leads to total different end.And in the game, plot and mission fits each other perfectly. You don't get the bold direction as ""Collect 20 pcs of Boar Skin and Return it to Joe"" , instead you only know an orge block the way to somewhere you(or the merchants) need to go through. Rest of the mission should be explored by player self. Yes lacking 'direction' but full of fun from unknown.A lot of riddle and secrets, not so hard without any clue but still needs think and action.A huge world in elegant 2D graphic. You'll not get anything you need to know on the map but some implication of giant horror or tremendous treasure. You need to explore the world by your move, eyes and brain.A system of char-building based on skill and properties with strict rule of classic RPG. A system of many loots and equipment while none of them is useless or IMBA.Thanks for such a great work. IMO it's far better than many so called AAA game with fancy graphic and no fun.Just wanna you guys know I'll certainly buy the next work even I live in China and payment method sucks.NO More to say but play."
76561198062930115,Recommended,296570,13751629,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,DG Dobrev,"I am really very pleased to give a thumbs up to this game. It has been a long, long time till a game could make me lose track of time and give me a jump-scare when I finally look up at the clock. I used to be 13 hours in by then, but I am sure I will do multiple playthroughs of it.I absolutely love the diverse locations and enemies, and even more so the combat. It has a Disciplies 1&2 feel to it and it works beautifully. There are so many things to explore, discover, including hidden objects and doors, wandering through a forest maze to get to a treasure and so on.The only gripe I have with this game is the loot. It is unfair to kill a boss and get something mediocre, or nothing at all. While looting the Prince of Nebros palace was fun, the big bad guy himself gave me nothing (EDIT: I was a newbie enough at that time to check the secret rooms, so here's a thing for you). Not even a chest in the throne room. I have a bad feeling that I will be forced to buy my gear throughout the game if I want to tweak it to my liking.Get the game guys, and try it. Last time it was like 10€ on sale, and for that price, it is a steal.Ok having finished Xulima, let's see what it does well or poorly:1. Good stuff:- Good classes and underdog classes. All rpgs have those. It is fun to complete the game with both.- Quests tie to areas, so it is very easy to track. You dont get lost.- 80% of the Divine Summoner's summons are actually smart. The healer one will protect the most hurt party member.The Offensive ones will attack at random.- SO many difficult areas to navigate through and use your brain on. Like brain? That thing in your head?- Areas vary. So rarely you will see the same enemies.- Classes are diverse, but play in a similar manner, so you wont feel lost.- You can play some very hard class combos for your own masochistic enjoyment purposes.2. Bad stuff.- The loot. You will gain plenty of cash in this game, but loot is a problem. Buy doesn't compensate for those jumpstart moments when you see a great item.- Some classes are outclassed by others. Arcane Soldier is one. GIve him more burn and freeze please!!!- Classes need some reworking, although they an work like this well.To edit further, this is the first game since MIght and Magic 6 and Wizardry 8 to make me do a 20 hour non-stop gaming spree. Holy freaking hell. And I had to work afterwards..."
76561198032727784,Recommended,296570,12768266,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,copakindred,"An oldschool turn-based rpg complete with competing gods, nine classes, and skill-by-level advancement.  This game has been better than Grimrock, Might & Magic X - Legacy, and Wizardry 8 *combined*.My one and only complaint has been in that the 'Explorer', the ranger-type class of the main character, isn't available for your other characters to select."
,Recommended,296570,28206238,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,BobWolf,"The good :- Lots of hours of gameplay- Many classes to create your own party.- Built like the good old classic RPG.- Complexe Turn base combat.The bad :- You NEED to invest one attribute point in speed each level. They could simply give you 1 point in speed every level and 1 ability point to choose for all the other stats.- RNG is often a pain in this game. While playing a challenging game is great, it shouldn't be based too much on RNG. Get ready to Quicksave/Quickload very often.- If you don't read a guide about this game, you will probably need to restart your 1st game (playing on Veteran or higher).I would give this game 10/10 but there is some annoying things that force me to give it a 9/10."
76561198040381902,Recommended,296570,26902868,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,spyple,"This game is a must for all classic might and magic game funs.If you miss games like might and Magic 5 & 6  and you are a little bit disappointed from Might and Magic X Legacy this game is your remedy, Take it without a second thought"
,Recommended,296570,13028534,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Doomdancer,"Right.So, I bought myself Enchanted edition of ice wind dale, Valkyria chronicles and finally got my collection of wild arms for ps and ps 2 full.. then I out of whim bought xulima....And Then I totally forgot I had those games.If you can get past the somewhat difficult start ( unless you play on the carebear casual mode that is).. you will be kinda hooked.This is probably the only game this year  ( besides trails in the sky and valkyria) I will not regret buying. Probably ever.If you want to play rpg and enjoy degree of challenge and some need to use brain or googling to advance.. this is your game, seriously.Its so good I actually bothered to write a review about it and I never do stuff like that as its bothersome.It's just that not seeing this on sales list is annoying me, specially when I see lot of worse games in there."
76561197989223135,Recommended,296570,14186738,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Silvermarble,"I liked the game.  It was well-done in that old-school Phantasie style I grew up enjoying on my Amiga.  But for the curious, I'll go over a few specifics which I think will provide for a better understanding of the game.Storyline -- Well thought-out and engaging enough to keep me attentive.   It wasn't enough to pull me in and make me feel like I had a personal stake in the outcome -- but I didn't feel utterly detached from the tale either.Game-play -- You can tell the game has been play-tested.  I got the impression that tweaks had occurred throughout the game in specific instances where you could sense something was approaching mind-numbingly repetitive or flatly unreasonable.Money -- One of the major flaws in almost every rpg game is that at some point, money becomes completely irrelevant.  This wasn't the case here.  Again, I could tell the programmers intentionally designed it to always be important.   Some of tweaks were insightful (like buying skill points), while others were hamfisted (2600 gold for 6 days of food?!?)Quests -- Most of them were pretty easy, but enjoyable.  There was one MAJOR exception.  The Hall of Heroes Quest was a complete and utter waste of time and resources.  When I finally completed it, I was♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥  I didn't feel an ounce of accomplishment -- only a strong disbelief that anyone thought that pile of stink would improve the game.  It irritated me enough that almost stopped playing the game entirely.  Yes, I went from ""Can't wait to play every night"" to ""I'm OK if I stop playing this game for a long time.""  As you can tell, I'm still irritated about and I completed the game at this point.  To anyone who buys this game, don't bother trying to figure it out for yourself -- there's nothing clever or original about it.  It's just an unfortunate blemish.Leveling -- The skill system was pretty straight-forward.  Perhaps it's in the documentation, but I rather wish I knew what skills I could've learned at later levels -- it certainly would've caused me to spend my points differently early on.  Which brings us to ...Exploration -- Look, you're going to die.  A lot.  Save after every single battle.  I come from a school of thought where I tend to view this approach as cheating -- but honestly, it's not in this case.  If you wander into an area that you shouldn't be in, you'll die.  If you happen to meet a tough wandering monster, you'll die.  If you're in battle and you get an unfortunate roll, you'll die.  Exploration is basically a Lemming Mine Detector method.  You go there, die, and then you pick a different direction to go when you re-load it.  It's pretty much the only way you learn where not to go.   I've never been sure if this type of programming is intentional or not, but there you have it.Leveling -- At the lower levels, you'll die.  A lot.  <see exploration>.  It's a common problem you see with rpg games -- you just don't have any strategic options at lower levels.  You walk into battle, attack in the only way you can, and hope the rolls go your way.   Becaue if they don't, you'll die in 1 or 2 hits.  Tough stuff, really.  At the higher levels, you have quite a bit more leeway when it comes to strategy and recovering from bad rolls.  Someone, some day will figure out a way to address this issue.Favorite part of the game:  Probably the Herb gathering.  I'd walk into a meadow without any monsters and get excited.  That's pretty cool.Least favorite part of the game:  Hall of Heroes Quest.  Whoever designed it should be shamed.  So much shame ..."
,Recommended,296570,32371342,Posted: 12 June,all,Seb Toombs,"Just finished - wow that took some time too.  I played it on Normal (which is the easiest setting) but apart from that and not finding two energy orbs I completed the whole thing and achievements. so pretty chuffed.Its a great game,prosGraphicsPresentationStory (though slightly sad at the conclusion)soundmusicgameplay dynamicsold school feelconstricky to find some but .....  but its quite hard at the begining to work out whats going on and what to do Ie, knowing to cleanse the well of Souls in each temple was a complete suprise!great game and great experience!"
76561198027785846,Recommended,296570,13009442,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,ChaosRepeated,"This game is a great addition to my collection of RPG games.It has a rich story and solid mechanics.While the combat is simplified compared to say blackguards or wasteland 2, in this case that adds to it. Providing challenging tactical experience without having to think too hard about each engagement.Its a fun complex game that is easy to unwind while playing."
76561198039698928,Recommended,296570,13062419,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Pelerin,"A really good mix of the old and the new.Exploration from an isometric perspective and first-person turn-based battles with a party of six.The game is deep, but easy to understand. Challenging, but also accessible.There is a massive amount of content and the game is great fun to play.I recommend this game."
,Recommended,296570,12860696,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Overburn,Full of old school buttery goodness.I'm hooked with this game and got up at 5am on a Saturday to play it so i wouldnt be bothered by the kids. Stayed up till 1am the night prior playing it. Addictive game.
,Recommended,296570,22421625,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Aug,"This is a remarkably polished indie RPG.  It does a lot of really unique ideas and generally hits more than it misses.The most noticeable aspect is its open world, with no difficulty scaling.  The game teaches you right away (literally the first encounter) that fighting everything you see immediately can kill you.  Your characters' strength scales quickly though, and you'll frequently go back and crush the things which previously required a lot of Save/Load failures.  It's quite satisfying, but frustrating when you find yourself in an area you're not supposed to be yet.The RPG system is unique and well designed.  It has your usual characters (fighter/rogue/mage/cleric), along with some really unique ones (divine summoner.)  You can use excess money to improve your skills, and min-maxers will really enjoy how the system works.Graphically, the world is really vibrant and varied.  Which is good, because the game is LONG, and you'll be staring at it for a while.The combat can get a bit old by the end.  You definitely are encouraged to specialize, which means you're usually using a lot of the same skills and abilities for the entire game.  The difficulty keeps things tense, but encounters can become tiresome.The mod tools are very intuitive and you can easily tweak things you are annoyed by.  (such as the random encounter rate or the skill distribution on a pre-generated character.)"
76561198067446934,Not Recommended,296570,15630548,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,john.mekonis,"Not recommended. I have played CRPGs since the original Wizardry and Zork on my IBM PCjr in the 80's. This game does not make me feel nostalgic for those days, it makes me feel like I'm still at work. Not enough reward for the grinding you do, no real freedom, everything is fixed and on rails despite claiming to be ""open."" Most of the negative reviews point out these flaws and more.In the end, I am left with the absolute worst crtiticism anyone can have for a GAME: for me, it was just NOT FUN."
76561198004149920,Recommended,296570,24621598,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Scotters,"Just wanted to recommend a gem of a game for all you Might and Magic and Wizardry Fans.  I'm finishing up the first section of the game, and am in the first temple after taking out the first prince.  Lots of stuff to do yet too.The beginning is a bit tough but soon you party gets strong and it feels like a real accomplishemnt.  If you have played Wizardry and Might and Magic, you won't have a problem.  If you are totally new to game like this, I would still buy this and just look for some tips and help if you get stuck at the beginning.  If you like the first person, turn based, party combat, than you have to get this game.The only other isses is that it does seem a bit linear to me, but its not absolutely linear.   (Edit:  As I have played this game past the 25 hour mark, it is a little less linear, as there are several areas that I can now check out and survive in.  And when I'm stuck I can ask that blue orb where I should go next, but hings seem more wide open.)I also like to grind, and areas do eventually clear of monsters, but there is a mod so that you can grind even more, but that wouild make the game easier.  I recommend leaving the game as it is, and just clear each area if you want too, which for me is a lot of fun.  Sit back, listen to some music, and grind away building up my guys and fighting really cool enemies.Might and Magic fans, why are you still reading?  Get this game.  Lets get a sequel!"
76561198131701503,Recommended,296570,34275891,Posted: 16 August,all,anotherphysicsgradstudent,"Lords of Xulimais the game I have invested the most time into on Steam, so I kind of have to recommend it.  But that recommendation come withs a lot of caveats.I'll start with the reasons why my playtime is so large.  One simple reason is that this is a pretty long game.  Depending on difficulty, dying and how much you save-scum, I'd estimate 50 to 100 hours to beat the game.  The fact that I suffered a number of crashes, losing progress, extended that further.  If you want to try out all the character classes available, you'll need to play at least twice; I actually ended up finishing the game three times to 100% it.Of course, there had to be enough in the game to keep me coming back.  Part of it is my own desire not to leave things unfinished, but there are others.  One is the game's inverse difficulty curve; the first half of game is seriously difficult, but by the time you get to around CL30 things become much easier.  That both provides a clear goal at the start and a reward at the end.  Another factor is the unusual way Mages work.  While in most RPGs, wizards are weak early but strong late, inLords of Xulimaa mage is one of your best characters during levels 5-20, but by the endgame has been reduced to a supporting role.  Thirdly, and perhaps most importantly, I enjoyed carefully planning out the party's level-ups and equipment usage.  This game definitely rewards forward planning, and the problems are deep enough to be interesting without being overwhelming.But as I promised, there are a lot of caveats.  First and most obviously,Lords of Xulimauses turn-based combat and random encounters, which are not to everyone's taste.  The combat is also difficult, especially early on, and unstable.  Good or bad luck in the first couple of rounds has a disproportionate effect.  In one notable occaision, I won a fixed encounter easily, but died afterwards without saving.  I then diedsixtimes in a row, only one of which was even close.  The only difference was the random chance of who acted first, and if their attacks were successful.Another annoyance is that each encounter has a difficulty rating, to guide if you should fight or flee.  These are very unreliable, especially against enemies that inflict status effects, which are much more dangerous than the game thinks they are.Lords of Xulimaincludes a food mechanic, as part of the throwback to older RPGs.  But in order to avoid the game becoming unwinnable because you can't afford to eat, there's a lot of free food around.  That sounds reasonable, till you realise that it means that buying food is wasting money, which especially on the higher difficulties is very tight.  So you end up spending nearly one in-game day in three collecting food.  Unless you're on the highest difficulty (where you can starve) this is just busywork that extends the game time to no purpose.I also foundLords of Xulimato be quite grindy, ironically.  While the total XP in each area is finite, I often found myself needing to clear areas in order to progress, thanks to the rise in enemy difficulty.  The desert area you reach around L20 is particularly bad here; the options seem to be save-scum, run away from every fight or make sure you've cleared most of the previous areas of the game.  (This is less of an issue on normal difficulty.)Then, there's the Cursed Hounds attacks.  This is another difficulty issue.  On normal, you can actually beat these guys when they first appear; but on hardcore and ironman, for the first half of the game all these serve to do is periodically kill on of your PCs.  The fact you can't avoid these encounters just makes them tedious.Finally, let's discuss the story.  Viewed in retrospect, the story isn't bad.  The conclusion is nicely-foreshadowed, the morality is greyer than it appears at first and the story both concludes while setting up for a sequel.  During the game, however, things are less good.  The story is thinly spread; there isn't enough of it for the length of the game.  The pacing is inconsistent; long stretches of nothing, followed by a rush through the last 4 temples at the end of the game.  A lot of the plot is saved for the post-game cutscene, which is a personal bugbear.  On a smaller scale, the writing is often clunky and sometimes amateurish.  Gaulen's dialogues with the four Princes are particularly cringe-worthy.Still, despite all these problems and more, I repeat that I've spent more time playingLords of Xulimathan anything else in the last couple of years.  It's certainly value for money, butcaveat emptor"
,Recommended,296570,12920500,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Upandout8,"My favorite game. I may not have all the hours in this game many others do but I love it for what it is. I own lots of games but there is no game i love more than this. The ability to build my party and then have a might and magic turn based combat system where my actions are reflected on the turn bar I am in. An over world map where I can explore for food, treasure and secrets.... I am so in. If you remember the original might and magic combat will be similar. If you liked exploring an overworld map for extras you will like it. If you want to spam weak enemies early on and walk through the game you will get murdered.Random but true note. Best Devs in the game, Responisve yet resolute, they know what they want to make and it doesnt hold you hand but if you want to help them make a better game they are willing to listen. Hard to ask more from a Dev."
,Recommended,296570,21134131,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Mocker,"Lords of Xulima is pretty fantastic if you're a fan of old school CRPGs. It blends Ultima style isometric world exploration with turn-based Might & Magic style combat and delivers over 100 hours worth of adventuring.Xulima’s designs and art assets are extremely reminiscent of the classic Ultima games with numerous familiar character models and items, to the point where one could question whether it’s more homage or theft. The story also progresses in a manner which is somewhat similar to the Ultimas and some of the NPCs even spout similar catch phrases, so fans of the old Lord British series will feel right at home.Combat is turn-based and fairly similar to old school Might & Magic and Bard's Tale games (orPaper Sorcererwould be a more recent example). Your party is arranged in front and back rows, with melee up front and only spells, missile weapons, and polearms capable of attacking from the back. Turn order is shown on the right side of the screen, with your Initiative stats and some randomization determining the initial attack sequence and Speed stats determining attack frequency. Each weapon type has a bonus effect, either stuns, bleeds, or wounds, and different spells also leverage those effects plus others like burns. Attack success is determined by a die roll exceeding a target value which is set by comparing the attacker's Attack stat to the attackee's Defense and Evasion stats.It's actually a pretty cool system that pays homage to classic CRPGs while adding some modern updates, with a bit of extra depth thanks to effect stacking and turn order manipulation, plus an emphasis on resource management for power points, potions, scrolls, etc.World exploration is also fun, each area has a unique flavor with distinct terrain and other characteristics. Towns tend to be small, often just glorified outposts, but overall the world is fairly interesting and the entire game benefits from being hand crafted to show off the land’s unique features.Xulima tends to be somewhat challenging compared to many recent RPGs, you can easily gimp your characters by building them incorrectly, and it doesn't provide quest arrows and other modern conveniences. It's not for everyone but the world exploration and combat is fun enough to make it worth the effort.A few noteworthy negatives… Xulima isn't truly open world, the available paths are far more restrictive than in the classic Ultima games and the world is split up into separate zones instead of being one continuous map. There’s also no monster respawn, once you clear a zone it stays clear, so that prevents the world from feeling as alive and realistic as the old Ultima games and it eventually limits how much you can level your characters. While the game offers a fun mix of classes there are some issues with class balance which tend to marginalize some of the options, and the combat system can be fairly unforgiving if you don't put points in the ""correct"" stats.The Talisman of Golot DLC provides an item that you can use to periodically give your party a little boost. It collects energy as you kill things and progress through the game, then you can spend that energy to request assistance from the talisman in the form of money, food, bonus stat points, or bonus skill points. Also, if you're not sure what to do next to advance in the game, the talisman will tell you which objective you should be pursuing (and those little hints don't cost any energy). And that's all there is to it. No extra quests or other content, just a talisman that collects energy which you can occasionally exchange for a little boon (plus it's tied to an achievement or two).Xulima isn’t a perfect game but it’s a fun homage to some of the classic CRPGs from the 80s and 90s. If you're looking for something that captures the feeling of the old Ultima games, Xulima will have no problem scratching that particular itch."
76561198011604006,Recommended,296570,13253192,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Saboth,"Fantastic Game. If you are a fan of Might and Magic, old school D&D games, Kings Bounty, Legend of Grimrock or similar titles, this one is for you. It's traditional dungeon crawling and world exploration, but with updated mechanics and graphics.  Huge world to explore, difficult fights, puzzles, tons of loot, skill trees, items and weapons, etc. I got it on sale, but honestly, if I had paid 3x the cost, I wouldn't have been upset. You can easily get 100+ hours of entertainment out of the game, and you'll probably want to do a 2nd playthrough to try other classes. Probably the most fun I've had with an RPG in years. It's polished, almost no bugs or typos, it doesn't crash, and is just a terrific game."
76561198011030345,Recommended,296570,13097309,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Spacecowboy2011,"Definitely a 'old' style RPG, where you're given the choice to start a new game, make a party of your own choosing (minus one character, who is the protagonist of the game) and then you're left to figure things out for yourself. It took me a few times of starting a party, playing a bit, and then going back and making a whole new group. There is no right or wrong approach to party creation, although the game will punish you if you decide to, say, make five casters and the protagonist.You're required to think and actually read the dialogue, the game nips grinding in the bud quite well with scaled areas that have a preset number of hidden and visible encounters. Clear an area, and you obtain an EXP bonus. It is quite possible to put yourself in an impossible situation where it appears that a restart is the only answer, however this typically means that you are missing the next area that you are supposed to go to. A bit of intuitive thinking (as a lot of the game are puzzles) and you can get right back on track.Gameplay wise, the artwork is amazing for an indie RPG. There is the ability to both run and walk on the map, and more often than not I find myself walking, if only to look at the visuals. The world, characters, even combat animations are all gorgeous for the caliber of this game, and every area has its own unique look. The feeling of ""I've been here before"" is not present, unlike some other games I've encountered.Combat is all time and turn based. Pretty nifty system in my opinion, and one that's quite fun. You have your straight up damage, but then there are effects that, depending on the weapon type being wielded, can also come into play. Bleeds, which cause damage per combat turn (and every 10 'seconds' of combat time), stuns, wounds (stackable debuffs affecting ability to hit and evade incoming attacks). Then, you have poison, freezing, setting things on fire... the combat system is a well tuned machine in my opinion.Characters are a bit tricky, I'll admit that I had to go and read one of the guides to get a better understanding... after all, you have 9 classes, and can only create 5 members. You are slightly railroaded here, in that if you don't have a healer of some type, you WILL encounter untold difficulties to the point that you will most likely end up dumping that save file. Core stats and skills run the game, you have 5 primary attributes which in turn affect various stats. The Skill System is also pretty filled out, making you carefully weigh and decide what you want your character to specialize at... The points are limited, and there's always going to be something else you want to put them in that you can't.The only potentially annoying aspect that I've found thus far is that there is a food system in place, which decays based on the land you are traversing at the time. It caps out at 8 'game days' so that there is no extreme stockpiling, but even then, it hasn't been too large of a pain.Definitely recommend this game for anyone looking for an RPG more in the vein of the classics. Simple yet complex, makes you stop and think, and is rather rewarding in my opinion. Would probably put it around an 8.5 or 9.0 out of 10 myself. Already nearly 40 hours in, on my 5th party, this one I'm keeping, and I'm already thinking about my next playthrough, even though I've barely scratched the surface on this one."
76561198003152401,Recommended,296570,11628181,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Iksbawks,"This game is very good. Old school good, i say. This game is very hard, i never played anything harder in rpg section. It's so hard , thats every won battle is very rewarding, every pack of gold is put to use, every free mushroom that you find is like a little treasure to you. I'm playing on hardest difficulty, and gameplay is like running across the map, trying to find and kill someone weaker then you. Its like a huge, really huge puzzle box, in order to succed you need to find right algorythm of decision. I recommend this game to be played on hardest difficulty and enjoy the power of your mind crushing through the obstacles."
,Recommended,296570,11609972,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Popeslayer,"I ONLY RECOMMEND THIS GAME IN THE SENSE THAT I WILL BE KEEPING AN EYE ON ITS PROGRESS AND I THINK YOU SHOULD TOO!  Heres why.Bought this on a whim, and it is extremely well put together, but the problems it has makes it a miserable experience to play in its current state.  The balance is very poorly done.  I only played it for a couple hours, but the entire time was just me running around trying to find an enemy I can actually defeat, and trying to save up enough money to actually purchase some equipment.  The problem is, when I finally leveled up, prices for everything also went up....Not to mention the fact that the guards charge you an entry fee the first time you enter town, and will do so over and over after a certain amount of time passes. Also, running in this game isn't actually ""running"" so much as it is just speeding up time making you appear faster...but everything else happens faster too.The combat itself needs an overhaul.  I found that even during fights with some of the weaker enemies, only 1 out of every 3 or so attacks would actually land without a miss...a problem the enemies rarely have, making spells my only guaranteed damage..  Most of my combat experience has been me quicksaving before a fight, and trying over and over again until luck went my way and I landed enough hits to kill them.  I also found that when leveling up, it seemed almost counterproductive to level some spells.  The absurdly small increase to the spells power in a some cases isn't even close to being worth the extra mana cost considering the super low mana pools.Another thing, I found the system for purchasing food supplies which are gradually depeleted as you play/rest (camp)/etc to be bugged...maybe?  It seems like purchased food doesn't stack with the food you're carrying.  Say I currently have 16 hours of food left, and I go to the vendor to buy some and I pay 60 gold to buy 1 days worth of food.  That fills me up to 1 day on the dot.  Basically only giving me 8 hours of food.  Which sucks, because it is more expensive to buy in bulk.  1 day supply of food - 60G  2 days supply - 150G starting out.  Those prices also increase as you progress.All in all, this game has a TON  of potential.  And if they could get all the numbers lined out, It'd be a hell of a game.  Again, all of these issues were experienced in just a couple hours of gameplay, so maybe something changes later on...but combat based entirely on chance kills the experience right out of the gate.  Don't drop your money on this expecting anything but an extremely unbalanced early access title.  Again, my recommendation is to keep your eyes on this one, because it could be something awesome."
,Recommended,296570,13563570,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,GloryWhole,"Lords of Xulima (shoe-la-muh) is a 2D isometric post-modernist turn based fantasy RPG created by Numantian Games. The lands of Xulima are beautifully presented throughout impressive hand drawn backgrounds all covered in blood. I have not felt so satisfied since Ultima VII.The core mechanics and combat are strikingly well implemented. Without respawning enemies of meaty experience, planning ahead is critical. The only way to progress is by becoming an armored armadillo rolling under / over / through every obstacle. This world is huge, but an unobservant party will miss a sprawling jungle behind one violently lonely rose.Beatings received in Xulima scale well between game settings. I have found the most entertaining difficulty to be Hardcore mode with Ironman enabled. Characters in a party receive a fraction of leveling rewards while demonic cursed hounds might as well render themselves as earth moving ironclad tanks pounding out bolts of electric death.Unfortunately, my Hardcore party hit an unstoppable spike in brutality after a solid thirty hours. I accepted their wonderful and savage defeat by transmigrationing them into a world filled with far less grim synergy. Veteran difficulty is the Goldilocks zone of Xulima and remains severely enjoyable. The difference being one is a world infested with flesh eating bears, while the other is merely plagued."
,Recommended,296570,28851526,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Rabmonk,"First off, LOVE this game.. I'm hooked! I've only put ~15 hours or so into it so far and my party is only level 5-7. I'm going through with Gaulen, Barbarian, Thief, Cleric, Bard, Divine Summoner. I will update this review later but this is what I've gathered so far. For an indie RPG this thing is a masterpiece.Pros:- This game has CHARACTER. It's not just a run-of-the-mill RPG with the same old monsters. The enemies are really interesting and unique looking. At first I thought the graphics were weird, but they really grew on me.- I LOVE the voices and sound effects. There are little mushrooms that giggle at you.. goblins that giggle at you differently.. talking skulls that cackle at you, guards that say ""I AM YOUR MASTER"".. it's funny, endearing, and I love it. The ambience in spooky areas actually creeps me out. I just wish there weren't wasps cause when one ambushes me, I jump out of my seat lol.- ROMEGOR THE GIANT GREETS YOU, YEYUH.- The story and writing are good so far. Not GREAT, but good enough to actually keep me interested, and not be some generic run of the mill, seen it all before, kind of thing, with super long, unnecessary amounts of writing.- There's lots of interesting/creative little puzzles when you're walking around the map.- It's very nostalgic in that it reminds me of old Might and Magic, Dungeons & Dragons, Baldur's Gate, etc. all wrapped up into one. I feel like it borrows a little bit of each type of RPG, and I definitely dig that.Cons:- Grammar. I'm allergic to bad grammar in video games, articles, and books. There are instances where 'their' is used in place of 'there' and so on. A few of the cutscenes could definitely use a once over by an editor/writer. One cutscene used 'It is', like 12 times in one paragraph. There was also a sentence that said something like ""and then he too, also diappeared"" - you only need too or also, not both. I know this is nitpicky but I get so annoyed by it that I have to repeat the cutscene 3 to 4 times in order to seamlessly follow along.  Also.. ""this is not be the last you will hear from the Cursed Hounds""... is a dialogue box that is seen several times... the grammar isn't enough to outweigh all the amazingness this game does have though.- When I first started I didn't realize a lot of things, such as the fact that you can run, and that was one of the things holding me back from actually getting into it. That's really silly looking back, but I'm glad I stuck with it.- I started leveling my thief with daggers, just assuming he'd dual wield them, and then realized daggers in this game suck. So now I have a few useless points in daggers and need to switch to sword/shuriken. There's no way to get rid of the dagger points.- I wish summoner had other spells besides putting out 2 summons and that's it.- I wish more interesting loot dropped.. right now I just buy my gear at the merchants.- QUICK SAVE EVERY 60 SECONDS. Not really a con, just a necessity in an old school game such as this :P- Sometimes it's really hard to tell which trees can be walked behind and which block your path. This might cause you to get stuck not being able to find the correct path in an area."
,Recommended,296570,18429122,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,shintsu,One of the better CRPG games i played. Only played 20 hours or so but expect to run the game for a long while :) nice 2D gfx. i have not yet found any anoing bugs or problems with the game. Like the ability to set up your own party wat is common for this type of games. Nice story and endjoyable gameplay.I can recommend this game for people into this type of games :)
76561198006825419,Recommended,296570,12941262,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Volkira,Great game.It's hard starting out.It really is.Have to be so careful.Remember where all the food is and constantly go back and re gather it over and over every few days.Once you get through that tough beginning and your group levels and gains skills the game really shines.
76561198045539088,Recommended,296570,23646520,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Bingo boy,"Great game. love the balanced combats and levelling system. I am no halfway through, and every fight is still a challenge. would recommend 8/10"
76561198012031720,Recommended,296570,32949263,Posted: 28 June,all,osheal,"I love kinda quirky strategy/rpgs and this falls into that category. If you love putting your own quest team together, min/maxing around a certain build, and exploring a fairly interesting world then this game is for you.Too many positives to do justice to but I will point out a few weak points for fairness. Combat interface is a little simplistic for a true diehard. Either you have planned ahead, prepared yourself and your equipped to win, or your going to fail. There is no ""smart play"" that is going to help you pull out a tough figth beyond normal simple strategy.Also the spawn rate for random encounters should maybe have a setting to speed up how often they occur. I am a total completionist whenever I can be and I found myself getting bored wandering an otherwise cleared zone for way too long waiting for the random encounters to kick in so I could get the max exp possible before moving on.Outside of those two issues, this is a really enjoyable game."
76561198040628088,Recommended,296570,19741158,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,jonbeckmon,"While my initial Impression of Lords of Xulima was not positive as there didn't seem to be much Role Playing aspect to it my opinion of it kept improving as I played the game.  While the Game is still Role Playing light and Combat heavy and the Role Playing is mostly during combat with the enemies communicating with you and a few villagers communicating with you the game is very well designed.  There isn't much of plot line and the ending plot line means there really needs to be a Lords of Xulima 2 but one of the best things about the game is character customization.  The characters in this game are highly customizable via the ability to add two Stat points each turn to your normal stats such as Strength, Constitution, etc but you also gain ability points each turn that you can put into various spells, lockpicking skills, detect traps skills, learning skills, etc.  The list is huge of things you can put your ability points into making for a very customizable character.  Not just your typical Thief or Wizards but you can have guys that Identify things, Killing machines with Wounding skills and Blood drawing skills, etc.  There are quite a few puzzles and secret doors in the game to discover, there are vast areas of Frost and Desert to explore that are deadly at lower levels and there are 9 gods to appease :) .  You can gather herbs and raise your herb finding skill which is really useful as you can bump up many Stats with herbs.  The game grew on me a lot and I really felt I wanted to play more by the time I finished it.  I felt one of the very best aspects of the game was how you could super customize your characters.  I defintely recommend this one."
76561197976978876,Recommended,296570,17078023,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,zweite.tontaube,"An undervalued gem. I bought it (...lets see...) - and was totally hooked! Reminds me of Ambermoon, Albion and a little bit of Realm of Arkania. Somewhat similar ""old-school feeling"": Legend of Grimrock or Might and Magic Legacy, though both of these have 3-D, while ""Lords of Schoo-lee-ma"" is Iso.Pro:- absolutely great (!) soundtrack- nice graphics- lots of sidequests- ""old school""Con:- restrictive travel - de facto you only have one option; all the other monsters are too hard- REALLY hard. Tip: Buy the Talisman-DLC. It´s worth it!- gets repetitive towards the endOtherwise:gather herbs, food, revive in towns, curses, resistance to different kinds of magic, special attacks, turn-based combat, fast-travel, riddles, traps...10/10"
76561198046911452,Recommended,296570,11674133,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,flaviookb,Nice. but hard as hell..
76561198001905338,Recommended,296570,13904294,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,thefollowingcharacters,"This is an outstanding RPG in the classical ""monster grinding"" sense.  Battles are engaging, and challenging.  Especially early on, expect to use quick save and quick load a lot.  However, this is a modern take on the genre, as annoyance and time wasters have largly been eliminated.  What time you commit, is usually time committed with purpose.If you like RPGs, and you like them with some challenge, buy it now, its a steal."
76561198026808904,Recommended,296570,20021565,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,clos4life,"I love isometric rpgs. This game reminds me of a mix of baldur's gate maps exploration with Might & Magic combat style couple with HoM&M random encounters. Mind you, this is a very basic rough representation but altogether it makes for a unique modern gaming experience heavily flavored in mid to late 90's flavors.I have spent over 80 hours so far in this game and I'm nowhere near finishing it yet. That's partially my fault for taking my time exploring and having fun while learning game mechanics but I feel like I haven't experienced a minute of wasted gaming time."
76561198273254344,Recommended,296570,28411187,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,night4,"Pros:-6, no wait, *5* person party creation-Graphics-Sound-Skills/Classes/AbilitiesCons:-The explorer guy you're stuck with-Battle loading screens-Mana (PP) doesn't regen-Combat annoyances (front left party member cannot attack an enemy on the front right)This could have been a 9, easily if not for the explorer and the battle loading screens.  Lemme tackle these separately:Why on earth are we allowed to create 5 party members of whatever we want, then this explorer is FORCED upon us, whether we want him or not, whether he works for our group setup or not?  At least make his thief skills more affordable so if we want to go that route, we aren't stuck with a gimped half-fighter.  Let me say that I do understand enough about the game to know that the skills only he has are useful, I just wish he had more flexibility.The battle loading screens are even more annoying than they sound.  Part of this game, apparently, is avoiding enemies higher than your level, coming back for them, or risking a fight with them.  If you do risk a fight and lose, you've got to save your game, wait for the battle to load, try the battle, wait for one of your guys to get a turn (which, if you're losing, could take a while), then load your saved game.  It takes way too long.  Is it supposed to be so punitive for trying a harder fight?Those things aside, I guess it still deserves a 6-6.5ish so I do recommend it.  Hopefully the next one will be better!"
,Recommended,296570,30248652,Posted: 28 February,all,ts9676,"My all time favorite game. They got so much right, but there are a few wrongs. At least on linux, it crashes, not a lot... but usually just when it is painful. I am a pathalogical saver at this point, so it doesn't hurt too much, but be forewarned. The mechanics work very well, and allow for a wide diversity of parties. It doesn't hold your hand, and can be quite difficult, forcing you to come up with winning strategies. You gotta farm some, but it doesn't feel like a grind. Just enough to make it satisfying when you level up. The puzzles are well thought out. It's also a very long game. I hear people didn't like the term ""open world"" with this game. It is close enough in my book to not warrant criticism. So other than the few crashes, and a few other minor things not worth mentioning, flawless game!"
,Recommended,296570,33616556,Posted: 17 July,all,Farvi,"This old school rpg has some really fun concepts for me:+ 9 different classes to choose from (all unique, bringing something new to the party)+ nice character progression+ good turn base fights (reminds me of the M&M series)+ lots of different enemies that are feeling unique+ lovely maps with many secrets to find+ not to easy riddles+ beginning to midgame is/can be tough, but i like the challenge (depends on your play style and party creation)+ the game is huge, much to explore+ money is always important+ if you done it right, you feel like a powerhouse at the end, which is ok, because you will have some hard times until you  reach itonly critic points for the character creation:- you need to bring a cleric for endgame fights (its a must have)- the Arcane soldier is to weak in comparison to the other classes (don't get him)"
,Recommended,296570,23450856,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,nukeblitz,"Game works fine on my Ubuntu system - with Intel Graphics. I don't know what that one review complaining about SteamOS performance was complaining about, but I'd consider this game to be one of the more interesting picks for a linux gamer to have"
76561197993234180,Recommended,296570,19947794,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Romble,"One of the most unknown best old school rpgs out there. If you like turn based strategic crpg's then this game is for you. If you like grimrock or any of the older style rpgs like baldurs gate and icewind dale , divinity etc. This game is for you.I finished the game on veteran difficulty and i restarted many times to get the party i liked most. The first 15 levels is very challenging at this difficulty and i recommend reading a guide just to for party makeup and skill management or you can severly hamper yourself. However, once you have a good understanding of the game you will enjoy yourself.I am impressed with the quality of the game for an indie team. Highly recommended even at full price it's well worth it."
76561198032408846,Recommended,296570,16587755,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,afourthofpizza,"Absolutely love this game!Could use a little polishing around the edges, but it's the kind of game I've been looking for for a long time!Highly satisfying to play!"
76561198030991271,Recommended,296570,13076952,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Thalan333,"Great game like the RPGs of old. It does not take you by the hand, you need to think what to do next and in which order and you have to explore a bit to find the correct path!!! After all you play Gaulen the explorer;). Puzzles are present and always interesting. The story is nice (well written) and the interface/look and feel nice and functional.Really a must buy if you like fantasy RPG where you have to think and organize your party/game as you wish without falling into the hardcore gamming genre!"
,Recommended,296570,11791996,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Eraija,"Wonderfully fun, incredibly challenging."
76561197962087230,Recommended,296570,13958852,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,FunkBandit,"This review may sound negative so let me start iwth saying that without a doubtt his game is worth the $20 price tag.  It is a lot of fun with a decent story and interesting combat.PRO's:-Good variety of enemies that can require changing combat tactics.-Random encounters can be avoided 2 ways if you want to avoid it and you can also ""clear"" any area.  After xx encounters in an area the area becomes clear and you get an xp bonus.-Plenty of exploration and a pretty big world.-Puzzles, secret doors, traps and such- In theory a good variety of spells/weapons/abilitiesCON's:-Some classes just seem completely useless compared to others.-For all the opportunity to explore, solve puzzles, and treasure hunt the loot in this game is extremely dull.  It is so bad that multiple chests in one dungeon with give you an identical trash item.  Depending on who you are it can really take away the motivation to solve a puzzle knowing you will get complete garbage.  The only items I have used are sold from towns.-Every boss fight has been a joke in difficulty and the challenging fights seem to be from random encounters.  Some can argue that if you play at max difficulty, dont use certain classes/weapons/spells its more of a challenge, well I could also play blindfolded to create a challenge.Some petty complaints:-Your main hero is a pre defined character by name/portait/class.  I think they should have let us customize him in some way and the game can still reference him as the explorer as they do now.  This guy just looks like such a goober.-I have had this game for a month and from what I can tell the dev's have been completely silent.  Personally that is potentially a red flag that support has ended.All in all this game is a lot of fun and a good buy.  There are some simple improvements that could be made that would go a long way.  Also if this game ever gets opened up for modding I would say it is worth double the price."
76561197962382824,Recommended,296570,13020501,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,lus,"I normally don't write reviews on steam but I felt I had to for this game.If you like oldschool RPG epic journeys similar to Might and Magic you will love this game.  There is a slight learning curve, the start could be a bit smoother and but overall the game is amazing for RPG fans.I'm now about 20% into the game and enjoying every bit.  Lore is great, graphics are good for indie game.  Some things you may want to know before starting are there is no hand holding in this game, the enemies are finite.  If you can't deal with an area come back when your stronger.  There is a food mechanic to prevent you from resting and healing up unlimited times.For the down points I'd have to say I dont like how spells inflate in mana cost so rapidly, I suppose this forces you to manage food properly.  Not too fond of the minigames for disarming traps and chests but that's a personal taste.  The skill point system doesn't let you lvl up multiple times to ""catch up"" on old skills.Check out a let's play on youtube and decide if its for you.  Overall the good out weighs the bad by a far margin."
76561197970505538,Recommended,296570,12753574,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,seahawkseven,"Update: They added in cloud saves!I'm having a great time with this game. Its very old-school but at the same time nice to look at with a modern UI. The only thing I think I could wish that they add would be cloud saves, as I enjoy playing it a bit on my desktop and then relaxing and playing it on my laptop in the evening."
76561198040811698,Recommended,296570,13779443,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Darkclaw3050,"I can easily recommend this game to any turn-based RPG fans. If you are looking for many hours of exciting adventuring, you found it!+Good visuals, sound/music, story development, open exploration+Customize party of 5/6 characters with varied skill sets+Combat is fun and requires some tactical use of skills and items+A challenge is always available due to the open environments+Immerses you in the adventure and makes you want to keep exploring the world-Main character is a pre-set that cannot be customized at outset-Some limits in initial customization; no race options, can't choose starting skills-In-game options are limited, no keybinding adjustments-Early game is probably the most challenging and could be frustrating to new players-Minor UI annoyances (no item sorting or 'show all' tab, some helpful info not always shown)"
76561198058339471,Not Recommended,296570,29051603,Posted: 5 January,all,NoobKing.,"I would like to LIKE this game.... but there are just too many goofy mechanics.1) The XP is flatlined not matter what level you are.  This means you want to do quests as early as possible and then go back and farm small little areas once it's easier because there is no penalty for being over-leveled.  Conversely you never want to stretch a tough fight because there is no reward.  At times the XP is almost the same for monsters +1LVL vs -1LVL even the fight is 5x harder.2) The stores have nothing to sell you.  There are too few villages and too few stores with no items and long refresh times.  It means your armor skill and strength are meaningless the MOST IMPORTANT FACTOR is ITEM DROP LUCK.  I found myself with 30, 000 Gold and nothing to spend it on from level 12 to level 17.   To top that off you can save and re-load to reset every chest!!!  I drives you to use a re-load cheat since the stores rarely have anything useful.3) You can't prebuff going into combat.  I have never this before with classes like a bard that is mostly about buffs.  You have to wait to cast them once the fight is on-way.  Another reason not to stretch any fights and always stick to the lowest path possible to your quests.4) The positioning mechanic in combat is clumsy.  The enemy ALWAYS hides on an edge where you can't reach him because of the way the ""battle lanes"" work.  It means archers stack along the sides while your far away party can't encircle and just ""defend"".  It needs a way to slide the battle left or right.5) Its RNG madness.  Too many things rely on simple binary effects rather than partial effects.  The TO-HIT and the ARMOR/EVADE tables are insanely tight meaning you go from nearly being impossible to hit (herculean) to you can't hit anything if you wander into an area that is 1 or 2 levels above you.6) Finally the camping and out-of-battle ""scale"" is really odd.  You can camp clearly within sight of an enemy and even camp repeatedly in the middle of an enemy castle to rest up.  No random encounters and youre fully healed!  Meanwhile you can get a random encounter footsteps from town because I guess no one saw the monsters lurking there!  In addition some quests have you farming for drops but you need to wander in the desert hoping for a random encounter...Oh well.  It has potential but needs some rework."
76561198037479995,Recommended,296570,22153405,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,gogol1st,You want it Oldschool but you want it BeautifulYou want it Beautiful but you want it Oldschoolhere you got both
,Recommended,296570,20248832,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Hawk Zombie,"Excellent game, and the new mod tools are fun to tinker around with."
76561198069709632,Recommended,296570,20163305,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Scott_A,This is a really good throwback to the games of the late 80s/early 90s (but with modern graphics!).  I love the fact that you control a whole party of adventurers.  There is a lot of detail included in the game and it is obvious the developers love what they do.  The game reminds me of the early Might and Magic games or Wizardry 6/7.  I am hooked on it...I wish more games like this were available on steam.
76561198001784686,Recommended,296570,15942974,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Beaghan,Most everything has been said and I need to finish my first play through but the 2 things that I can say are: I like it and I wish that I bought it sooner.
76561198041136706,Recommended,296570,20713074,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,petersly,"I recommend the game for any old school turn based RPG fan. Although a bit grindy or unbalanced in some places, it feels like spiritual successor to Wizardry VII."
,Recommended,296570,21990020,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Zanicar,"As an avid RPG fan, having recently played Pillars of Eternity and Divinity Original Sin, I am thoroughly enjoying Lord of Xulima. The puzzles require you to think and the solutions aren't too insane to figure out (though some forum posts may suggest otherwise).At first the combat system seems very simple in comparison to the above mentioned titles, but it is a very different take. Think more along the line of Hearthstone and other card game combat systems and you'll get a better picture. The audio and music is satisfactory, the graphics rather pleasant (albeit jittery at times) and the very limited in-game voices not too bad...If you enjoy cRPG games, like the turn based combat games (the card variety) and love good old fashioned puzzle solving, then you have to get this game, especially when on sale!"
,Recommended,296570,34053744,Posted: 5 August,all,Silt,"Man, did I love this game!  Old school game play, loved it!  Give me more!  If you grew up playing Wizardy and Might & Magic, this game is a must have.  Game made me laugh more than a few times and kept me up late into the night quite a few nights as I played.  Must have for old school RPG fans!  Part II please!"
,Recommended,296570,11685987,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Allanon,"Consiglio vivamente Lords of Xulima a tutti quelli che amano i giochi di ruolo vecchia scuola (Eye of the Beholder) ma con nuove idee e meccaniche.La grafica è gradevole e pulita, le classi tipiche dei gdr ci sono tutte, impostando il giusto livello la difficoltà è appropriata e gli sviluppatori lo aggiornano costantemente (è in Early Access) per eliminare bugs e apportare migliorie.Fatevi un favore senza pensarci su due volte, acquistatelo e non ve ne pentirete.I highly recommend Lords of Xulima to all those who love the old-school role-playing games (Eye of the Beholder), but with new ideas and mechanics.The graphics are nice and clean, the typical classes of RPGs are all there, setting the right level of difficulty is appropriate and developers constantly update it (it is in Early Access) to eliminate bugs and make improvements.Do yourself a favor without thinking twice about it, buy it and you will not regret."
,Recommended,296570,16068784,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,draziw,King's Bounty map and exploration + Wizardry/Etrian Odyssey turn-based combat = good times
76561198089494976,Recommended,296570,19010401,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Lord Douglias,"just completed this game logging 134 hours on normal  difficulty, which was, believe me, tuff enough. LOX is like a  90's style  turn- based combat RPG; Wizardry, Baldurs Gate, Disciples and Arcanum: Of Steamworks and Magick come to mind, but Lords of Xulima is its own thing-unique in many ways,  Don't be to put off by the trailer video...You can toggle run, which is a good thing because there is a much to explore and many secrets to discover on the huge and colorfull maps. The graphics are not the trendy low res look-more like medium res, highly stylized and artfully done. The combat is simple, fun and highly tactical. Your party of 6 is represented by their portraits arranged in battle postions at the bottom of the screen, with the enemy troops arrayed above. Each combatant's turn is determined by their speed, or if they are stunned or frozen, etc.  Chose your unit's spell or potion or by default their weapon and select an enemy unit that is within reach to attack. Resource management is crutial. Your gold, loot, food iand experience is hard earned. A few times during the game I thought I might actually lose, because I did not fully understand the ecomomy of the game so wasted too many resourses, thus was too weak to defeat powerfull enemies that blocked my progress. Struggle on and you wil be rewarded in the end."
76561198037822530,Recommended,296570,17292038,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,weebyte,"This is an old school tactical RPG. It is hard. It makes you think hard to beat the next fight and it makes you manage your resources (food and wounds). Every decision you make impacts your success or failure, including where to travel next and whether you will fight or flee. If you loved the unforgiving games of the 80's, this is for you. Each turn is a chess move that can mean the difference between success and failure. Save often! Like Dark Souls, this game gives you the feeling of victory when you finally beat that enemy that blocks your way. If you like easy games, look elsewhere."
,Recommended,296570,18880714,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Gadzooks,"Heroes of Might & Magic mixed with Eye of the Beholder, with a tiny bit of Baldurs Gate.Thats what this game feels like. Enjoying it quite a bit so far."
76561198032736750,Recommended,296570,24142039,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,MrFeyerwire,"I have been playing computer RPG's since they first came into existence and this game is amazing beyond words. It has definitely landed on my top ten RPG's of all time, along with titles like ES Oblivion, Fallout 3, Divinity Original Sin and Witcher 3 and it will remain there foreverLords Of Xulima is a massive, meticulously crafted RPG that is worthy of a AAA title price, but can be purchased at a price which I felt was an absolute steal. You could buy 3 random AAA titles and fail to get 1/3 of the quality gameplay that Lords Of Xulima has in it.The last RPG that took me this off guard (in a good way), was Divinity Original Sin and this games storyline and well polished nature, remind me of that instant classic. I really needed this after having just slogged my way through that crud bomb ""Balrum""Pro's- Amazing, beautiful, original and flat out epic storyline, that spares the player any of that cutesy JRPG crap- Supremely polished gameplay with seamless inventory management, character management and resource management. It is totally obvious that this game was developed by people who cared and people who get it !!!- Insanely fun turn based combat, think old school FF2 & 3 with a modern makeover.- 100% polisdhed and glitch free gameplay I did not experience one single glitch, bug or even crash throughout the whole game.- The game is super challenging, even on medium setting you may have to start over once or twice before you find a good class combo that will allow you to play the game all the way through.- Well balanced, original enemies that are memorable to say the least.- Amazing class system and an amazing and deep character development tree for each classCon's (I mean it when I say I am grasping at straws here)- The game might be a little too challenging for the casual gamer.- The graphics are wonderful and functional, but they definitely took a back burner to polished combat, inventory and logistics mechanics.In the end this game will make you smile from ear to ear and you will remember reading this review and say to yourself ""wow, he wasn't overstating how amazing this game was"". I would gladly pay 3x what they are asking for the game and I am already amped for LOX 2 which Numantian Games has already said will be developed !!!"
,Recommended,296570,25165097,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Oafah,"On the plus side, there sure is a lot of content contained within this game, and while it can get to be a bit repetitive, it's interesting enough to keep you moving forward. It's also incredibly polished and designed by people who understand the appeal of a good cRPG.The down sides are many.For one, class balance is poor. There are some that are strictly superior to others, and one that is nearly unplayable for all but the most masochistic.The leveling process is boring an uninteresting. There isn't a lot of character customization to be done, and once again, there is a strictly superior way to build each class that just makes having a choice pointless. In fact, I restarted my first game after a few hours because I realized I had built everything entirely wrong, and was in for a rough ride if I chose to continue.And then there's the food. My god, the food. There's a reason other games don't worry about things like food, and it's largely because it disrupts the flow of the game, and doesn't offer any added depth. If you want to add a form of resource management to a game to make the journey more layered, go with a crafting system of some sort. Having to 180 back to the shop every few days is just a giant pain in the♥♥♥♥♥that does nothing but annoy the player.But back to the positives.The lore is fantastic. The aesthetic is unique. The game is relatively glitch-free. The combat is VERY satisfying once you've mastered party dynamics. It does a lot of things right.Overall, the game gets a marginal thumbs up from me, but I'd really like to see the developers go back to the drawing board on a few of the talking points I mentioned for the sequel, if we ever see one. They're not far off from birthing a cult masterpiece into the world, given what they've already achieved."
76561198032989769,Recommended,296570,19222580,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,[DaFG] FamousDomi,"Wow, just finished my first (and probably last *cough*) playthrough of Lords of Xulima. Took me about 80 hours of my lifetime, spread over like, eeeh, 9 months or so... I had abandoned this game multiple times due to unbearable frustration caused by, well, you will see :DI'm gonna start with some basic stuff about thestory: you play ""Gaulen, the Explorer"" and his five ever loyal companions (which can be predefined or custom made). Gaulen is chosen by some god-dude to go on an epic quest to... urgh, jeez, go read some wiki or whatever -.-' Just be assured that the plot could hardly be any more all-out and important and epic and fate determining and... monotonous :\ Did you ever watch any crime series on TV? There's always a murder at the beginning, 40 Minutes later justice is spoken, episode's over, see ya next time. Ah yes, and of course there is some super-important plot swirling around in the background, like the inspector, who's actually a writer, is in love with his female partner or something! Thats pretty much how Lords of Xulima feels: do the same thing over and over, watch some storypieces drop by every now and then. So if you are into unforeseeable plottwists and non-linear stories, don't expect too much here! Don't get me wrong, the game does have a really nice handcrafted lore in which the story takes place, it's just your activities in it which are rather repetitive.Mentioning the lore leads me to tell you about thegame world. Xulima is an island, it can be traveled in its entirety and is devided into several regions. Despite its size Xulima shows a lot of diversity, from icy snow lands, over lush meadows to dried sand deserts, everything's there. Each region has its own map and is connected to neighbouring ones. Traveling between regions can be done via those connections or through portals, which of course have to be activated before they can be used. Your party, represented by Gaulen, is moved around the maps by clicking or by use of the arrow keys. Talk to NPCs, explore dungeons, collect treasures and do all the other fancy RPG-stuff, but always watch your food supplies! Food adds a strategic element to traveling the world of Xulima, as it is needed to replenish your party after a though fight, or simply to travel the world without an empty stomach (which otherwise causes debuffs and over-time damage, jeey ^^). Xulima is not all open-worlded though, while you could theoretically go anywhere you want to from the very beginning, the game prevents you from doing so by placing undefeatable enemy squads in your way. Sounds cheap, but this is actually a major part of the challenge posed by the game. Finding your way around and opening new paths is one of the dominant early game activities (and really really sucks at some times, you gonna want to quit, believe me).Now enough about exploration, let's faceCombat! Might! Magic! Hit chances! Critical fails! Spell failures! Over-time damage! Action modifiers! Inabillity to act! Curses! Death! Frustation! Fighting is a big part of Lords of Xulima. You will have to fight handplaced enemy parties as well as random encounters. The battle system is actually quite simple: every fighter takes his turn in order of the action que and can then perform a single action, like attacking, casting a spell or using an item. ""Buh, lame!"" , ok wait, wait, theres more to it. This game has the most exaggerated amount of bad status effects and things that could possibly go wrong I have seen in any video game yet. Well, of course there's poison and bleeding and burning doing some nice over-time damage, stun or freeze to prevent combatants from acting, or maybe one of your heroes just goes crazy and clobbers his allies, thats of course only if he's not too heavily wounded to get anything right in the first place! And then there are critical fails, actions that fail so hard, that the character attempting it actually hurts himself. Imagine your mage spent a huge amount of power points (thats what you need to perform skills and spells) to cast his most deluxe spell, that would turn the tides of battle in your favor and then it just... FAILS! ... *fizzle*, power points gone, caster takes damage, battle is lost, hurray! Even your bard tends to fail singing songs so hard that he manages to hurt himself (go find an other job pal)! But at least once the battle is over, all the pain is forgotten, well except for lost health and power points, wounds, critical wounds, sicknesses and curses... take a 24h rest, not like food is rare and expensive, and don't mind those sicknesses and curses, the kind priestesses will glady lift them from you for, like, all of your money -.-I don't want to say a lot more about this game, these were the crucial aspects that come to my mind when I think back on my playthrough. But wait, this review sounded quite negative so far, still I'm recommending Lords of Xulima! Why? Here goes theconclusion:It is an excellent video game! Period! Maybe I'm not the most representive gamer on earth, but thats how I feel about it. If you like games that hold your hand, show you your way around with questmarkers and let you swap difficulty if a boss is too hard, Lords of Xulima is not for you. This game hates you! It hates you and it lets you know! You will have to think about how to set up your party and how to skill them, farm for level-ups to get bosses down, solve puzzels connected to the games lore and endure a lot of frustration. But to manage your way through all those seemingly undeaftable bosses and unsolveable puzzles feels so incredibly rewarding, that you will not want to miss the experience of having played Lords of Xulima!!!1one11!!eleven1!"
76561197972621863,Recommended,296570,13076173,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Zerragon,"A very good implementation of old-school RPG mechanics baked into a fresh and modern game.Character creation is solid and varied, lots of classes to choose from, and deities to follow.Fun exploration based map movement where a single character represents your party.When you intersect the aura surrounding static enemies on the map, you enter turn based combat.Gameplay is challengig, and no ""enemeis scale"" crap. You have to skip some fights and return later because they are too challengig.Story is strong and told in a nice way with static cutscenes and voiceover, as well as told in dialogues.The game is huge !, after about 12 hours in I still only have ""liberated"" 1/8 temples.Highly recommended !"
76561197988737056,Recommended,296570,13849711,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Aido,Brilliant rpg.Came out of nowhere and it's one of the best I've ever played..and I've being playing rpgs all my life.If you think you like this type of game do yourself a favour and buy it now
76561197972128233,Recommended,296570,13241470,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,ImAnOOb,"In a nutshell I will try to distill the best and worst aspects of the gameThe good:Fun, engaging combatInteresting story with very nicely done loregreat skill system with added customizabilityrequirement to actually think on puzzles or some combatshuge worldgreat graphics for the type of gamedoesnt hold your handthe dark hounds add an intense level of danger early onThe BadVery grindy.  I actually like the system of clearing, but perhaps allow us to auto trigger a combat if we are looking for a fight?  I mean, its obvious we can track the enemies, maybe a getting warmer sort of thing?The loot.  This has been mentioned many times before, opening the treasure chest in the third sisters house to find an AMAZINGLY POWERFUL... dagger, and a necklace made of the best possible material is rather... blah.  I have no problem with randomized loot, but thats been pretty much the experience the entire game.  Every three days I run through all the vendors hoping theres a new better weapon which is pretty boring, but needed.Energy.  Magic users utility sharply declines as the game progresses with pp costs increasing as much as 25 points between 1 level and the next it drastically curtails the abilities of the magic users to maintain viability without drinking craptons of potions.  If this is intentional thats fine, but allow us to stock up on potions at the vendors rather than giving us another reason to make the gauntlet to grab our 5 pots per stall.  Otherwise allow energy to grant more pp than it currently does.  Perhaps each point gives 4 after level 10 and 6 after 20?I spelled out the bad parts because the good dont need to be impoved upon.  This is an excellent game, and I believe if these minor annoyances are fixed it will become one of the best in recent memory.  Excellent job to the devs."
76561198093399415,Recommended,296570,31399694,Posted: 27 April,all,razorG,"Great game!  Finally a game where everything from exploration to combat to crafting is all interesting (and that is saying something for me as I hate crafting)  I love the music in the game,  the relaxing atmosphere the game has, for the 1st time since football manager (totally different game I know) I am totally immersed in a game.  I knew I was going to like this very early on when I saw the starting stats for the characters.  None of his ""lets start with 15000 hp and your attacks do 5455 damage garbage.  In Lords of Xulima if a character starts with over 30hp then hes a tank.  My mage I think started with 12 hp.  Same goes for damage.  If a starting character can do 10 damage then he/she is a beast.I love the storyline, I love the castle you 1st visit.  Nothing is overly complicated but at the same time the game does have depth.  Well done devs for this.  The feeling of exploration and acomplishment is fantastic with this game.  I love the leveling system.  Unlike other games where you kill 1 enermy and now you have leveled up making the whole process seem pointless with Lords of Xulima you really get a sense of achievement when you level up.  You rub your hands together and think ""what am I going to do with these skill points"" as opposed to most games ""oh right, ive leveled up again""  I cant wait for Lords of Xulima 2.The best thing of all with this game though is the combat.  Damn its hard.  Hard but so rewarding.  Im literally performing fist pumps when taking down strong enemies and I absolutely love it.My playthrough is 5 hours so far and I have barely scratched the surface.  Also after 5 hours of play my characters are level 4 and my highest hp character is 70.  This game is gold!10/10"
76561197978327694,Recommended,296570,13119937,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Viku,"Not only other nostalgic old school game. Lord of xulima is a great game by itself. But only for special tastes, many of the features of this game can be pros and cons simultaneously.--It's Too long.      if you've grown up and have some free time, you will need months to see how the story unfolds.--It´s Really hard.    May well be called THE KING OF RELOADS .. any misstep is punished mercilessly ... C'mon, Even the old games weren't so hard.-The Graphics are ugly and rough, lots of variation in the quality of the animations from correct to completely amateur. But gives enough info to get involved with your group.The makers are veery small study, with great ideas and willingness to polish the game with hundreds of opinions during open beta. So many hours of fun with this low price is just a scamming  the developers."
76561198049736719,Recommended,296570,12528177,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,horrid,Its a great game to sink time in and for a good price.
,Recommended,296570,12877469,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Powered by Tears ®,"This is my kind of game -- I stopped playing a bit into the EA as I didn't want to spoil anymore. With release comin up the end of this week, I HIGHLY recommend this to oldschool RPGrs, and those who want a taste of the enjoyment these types of games can bring.+addictive+challenging+stats/loot/options galore+tactical+ and + and + some more."
,Recommended,296570,24121612,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Luisfius,"Quite weird!  An overhead  RPG that turns into a first person combat whenever you get a random (or field) encounter! The movement feels kind of stif, but the backgrounds are quite nice, the combat is brutal but fun, but the actual enemy models seem... Odd.Kind of feels like if you mixed something on the vein of Baldur's Gate, with the combat of  Dragon Quest of Wizardry, with a bit of FFX turn order queue manipulation.I need to play it more, but what little I have played, I hae liked a lot."
76561198060136747,Recommended,296570,19217754,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,crulty,"Great game, lots of fun, although repetetive at times still there is enough content than you can chew on.If you enjoyed all games from the past where combat is smiliar to M&M series and many other games from that date, this will get quite as fun as well.Pros-lots of classes-big character customization-huge world-battles can get quite tactical-enjoyable isometric exploration-fun puzzles-open world-no level scaling-fun mini games for traps, lock pick, ect.-100+ hours of game time if you plan to clear everythingCon-can get repetetive-story is ok"
,Recommended,296570,19257357,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,"""the"" Chase",One of those hidden gem games. It wasn't anything groundbreaking but definitely a classic twist rpg with all the things I (at least) used to enjoy in rpgs.
76561198045118691,Recommended,296570,34239577,Posted: 14 August,all,Scarface,"Lords of XulimaOnce I built a decent party after three runs of trial and error the game really opened up and became a lot of fun. I could see numerous combinations being fun to play through, but since the game basically pigeonholes you into using certain skills and weapons, one playthrough was definitely enough for me. I went with two fighters, a thief, cleric, mage.I found maces to be the go to weapon on fighters due to the stun ability (stun lock is huge), shurikens on my thief and bladed weapons (good bleed stacks), a mage for mass spell hits and wounding (inferno, blizzard, thunder and meteors), a cleric for the unending status effects you'll need to remove (and when on the offensive, cleric spells rock demons and undead), and finally ranged Gaulen with a crossbow and envenomed weapons and his other class specific nature skills. With this team I handled the game very easily on old-school veteran.I really liked the fact you had to read story and dialogues for clues and tips on what you needed to do next, and how you can access areas out of your level early only to be turned away and return after gaining 10 more levels or a specific item. It was refreshing in comparison to a lot of modern RPGs that handwalk you through everything with map markers.That being said, some of the puzzles were quite difficult at times and really required you to have paid attention to a piece of information you learned in a different area or earlier in the story (so make a note of what you think is important to avoid time consuming backtracking). Also, while the majority of fights were entertaining, I felt my team regressing into using the same abilities over and over in a long grind I knew I was going to win but nonetheless still took an eternity to get through.On an aesthetic note the game is colourful and has beautiful landscapes and artwork, a pretty good story with lore that isn't overwhelming and still interesting. The monsters are well drawn ranging from classical type interpretations to some cool unique ideas. The music is well done and fits great in the background without ever becoming tedious, but some of the monster sounds can become grating and repetitive in a long fight (Ex: COME HERE! LITTLE ONE!).Overall, this is a really well done game that is simplistic but still full of enough content to immerse you into the world of Xulima for a decent amount of time (I'd say minimum about 50 hours) and enjoy the struggles of Gaulen and friends as they grind their way through snow, jungle, desert and lava pits to save his homeland."
76561197993276315,Recommended,296570,23508368,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Tordah,"If you liked the Might and Magic series (especially Might and Magic X that has been released not too long ago) or the Legend of Grimrock series this game is another great take to the classic turned based fighting. The story is great, from start to finish, the character development is really great as well, and the game's lore is complete and satisfying. The puzzles in the game are challenging, just enough so you never get stucked to a point where it pisses you off.The class system is great. You must assemble a team of 6 characters, in which the first one is mandatory the explorer, and the 5 others you get to choose from 9 other classes. Every classes can be built many different ways and a plenty of team configurations are possible.It ran without slowdowns on my laptop and i'm really glad i choosed to get into this game, really worth the 100+ hours. I had issues at first, but the developpers are really easy to contact and get help from.Worth every dime if you like the style. I recommend 100%."
76561198332439145,Recommended,296570,33937238,Posted: 31 July,all,davidwinterbury,"A cracking game. As challenging as you want it to be without being frustrating. No hand holding, figure things out for yourself. Smooth, entertaining gameplay, compulsive & satisfying. Great animations and design for enemies. Highly recommended by a choosy gamer. Minor irritations with food management and lockpicking. No big deal though. Great."
76561198048692908,Recommended,296570,21719386,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,dregen54321,"It's like when I was a kid again, except now with better graphics. Wish this type of game was more successful, but it probably won't appeal to kids raised on CoD.If you like 4x games, hard rpg's, or old school games, you'll definitely get sucked into this one as well.The only criticism I can give is that the game is a bit too long (How many people can sink in 100 hours on one rpg?)."
76561197972942101,Recommended,296570,15632685,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,forceinfinity,"This is definitely a game for the old schooler RPG players in the vein of Bards Tale, Might & Magic 1-5, Wizardry vein.  This one was a tough one to rate because at first I was enjoying myself and then after a while with all the backtracking... it just felt a bit like a grind, especially after I got about 80 hours in and still no end in sight.  Final fight wound up being a tank-n-spank, and slamming potions.  So for whether I thumbs up and thumbs down.  I'll give it a thumbs up if you're the type of player that's into the old school style.Good things- very challenging on Old School veteran- doesn't hold your hand (also can be seen as a bad thing by some)- variety in character classes- some real devious puzzles- you have some measure of freedom in how to exploreNot so good things- a ton of back tracking- doesn't hold your hand- one puzzle wasn't obvious how the clues related to the final solution- very punishing if you get your party composition or skills wrong and no way to fix them- a couple useless classes- memory leak as of this version on the MBP Yosemite where after some play time, the game will hang just after a fight"
76561197971447513,Recommended,296570,19898325,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Rural Juror,Excellet old school turn-based RPG.
76561198004145760,Recommended,296570,19093113,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Avenger8,"Fantastic first person RPG. Great gameplay, challenging, and worth the money."
76561198031195823,Recommended,296570,13052601,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Galaktik Köfte,"Growing up in the 90's and being a huge fan of rpg games, i picked this up in search for those good old times. And this game indeed delivers that perfectly. Sure the graphics and some stuff are low budget and outdated but gameplay is amazingly fun. If this game was published 10- 15 years ago it would be on the list of best games ever made. I am really enjoying it."
76561198034570847,Recommended,296570,13060100,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Vilvis,"An unexpected masterpiece.  If you enjoy games like Might and Magic, Wizardry etc.. this game is a must play. It looks adequate, even pretty at times, but where it really shines is gameplay, design, game mechanics (both borrowed from classics and original).  In my opinion it is head and shoulders above Legend of Grimrocks, Might and Magic X and other similar games that came out recently. Not a single bug or crash encountered in 3 days of playing. Great job devs. The only thing this game is suffering from is lack of exposure to gamers."
,Recommended,296570,16449917,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,bishop3000,"One of few games which surprised positively. 56 hours on record and I would love to buy Xulima 2 or just some nice DLC's with more content. Sadly there is nothing new yet.Nice battle system, big open world, lot of skills and choices. Easy to play also - my 8 years old daughter picked it up and played with me.9 out of 10 my score."
,Recommended,296570,16473185,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Bam,The most challenging game I've played in years. Highly recommended if you enjoy a good RPG with an old-school feel.
76561198040441194,Recommended,296570,13442310,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Zerendipity,"Great game if you like old school party building, challeging dungeon like areas, and nontwitch based success i.e. turnbased combat.  The monsters look great and vary both artistically but more importantly in abilities.   Weapons can really change the damage per turn and so does stat building on gear, so upgrades feel like upgrades.  The leveling and class system make for a ton of viable parties and lots to explore, so many hours of content.  You'll be learning the hard way the first time thru, just like you should =P as instructions on how to kick butt may not be included."
,Recommended,296570,16316674,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,MyMy,Seems to be a new standard for dungeon crawlers + simple tactics + RPG. Offers huge value (enjoyable hours) for the money. One of the best indie games of 2014.
76561197966618559,Recommended,296570,12963663,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,SeanWH,"This is an extremely well-done old-school style RPG.  Lots of exploration and feeling somewhat directionless about what you are supposed to do, but this isn't a bad thing, because the world is big enough and open enough that you can just wander until you get a clue.  However, it is VERY possible to run into a combat encounter that your party can't handle (none of this scaling enemies nonsense) and you will get stomped into the ground rather quickly.  However, I'm enjoying the heck out of this game."
,Recommended,296570,19369023,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,saberlost,I love these kinds of RPG.  You build your party level them up and figth in a nice turnbase combat system. The tempo of the game is what is the best for me.   The story is rich with a great background and world. The gods is an ever present in the game and you will find yourself looking at the backstory to answers questions.
,Recommended,296570,31495365,Posted: 1 May,all,Kyutaru,"Decent RPG reminiscient of older  games like Ultima.  Very cookie cutter, collect the 8 divine artifacts, free the 8 temples, get the McGuffin items that let you progress, fight the same enemies over and over as you travel.If you like classic RPGs, give it a shot."
,Recommended,296570,13063491,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Djinn,I am going to give it a recommended rating even though I think the game has some flaws that may frustrate people.But overall I do not regret the purchase so far it has given my quite a few fun hours. The game does many things right. Combat is pretty fun and a radically different experience can be had when playing with different classes. I love that the game is fairly simple but still offers plenty of challenge. The maps are nicely drawn and engaging.My problems stem from the obscure puzzle like approach to questing - this confuses the heck out of me. Time and again I find myself not knowing what to do next. How do I get into this tower? How do I get to the next zone? How do I get into the castle? How do I cross the woods? Each time I have to tab out of the game and scour the internet for advice.I would love it if this game just kept the hack/slash attitude and toned down the puzzles greatly. I don't need puzzles in my hack and slash and I don't think others do either.  Another problem is that the food mechanics feels very punishing for exploration - makes one regret exploring the map. I think the food should be reserved to restoring health only and not used when just walking around.I am still playing the game even after the above - that means that there is a good game to be had here. My main regret is that the game could be so incredibly better if they only made a little more accessible. I don't recall ever having to tab out from Baldur's Gate for example to finish a quest...
,Recommended,296570,13779978,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,[WP] DeaDmAn,"4 hours in an absolutely loving this game.  It scratches that old school RPG itch which so many games have attempted to do but haven't quite reached, Lords of Xulima reaches and exceeds it.   This game deserves a lot more attention than it's got so far, I really hope that the dev's receive it soon - I'll be recommending to everyone that I can!"
76561198052741575,Recommended,296570,13212597,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,logboy,I liked everything about this game.Finished it in just under 50 hours and always had fun playing it.If you like Polished games and you haven't played this game yet then you are missing out.
76561198040637653,Not Recommended,296570,15629658,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,lightninglord2.71828183,"OverviewThis game has absolutely no redeeming qualities - the plot is bland, the character creation leaves a lot to be desired and the gameplay contains only the bad parts of old rpgs.After the TL;DR part, here's me explaining the bad things more in-depth:-Plot""Hey, it's me, god. Some dude beat up all of us, can you beat him up for me?"" That's literally all there is to the plot. Gaulen also has no personality beyond fulfilling this mission. Since the game wipes out your party for trying to not follow the red line, you have no means to influence that, either.-Character CreationEven if there's nine classes in total, I can't help but feel there was no balancing involved. I haven't played all of them yet (not that I want to waste any more time with this than I need to), but I'll give a brief overview of each of chars:Gaulen the ExplorerMain character. He's basically a fighter, but also has a bunch of overworld boons. Not that interesting, but at least the only forced character is not a liability.Azura the PaladinStanding in the middle to heal. The only problem with that is that I need to invest into the healing aura to keep it useful, making its skill cost creep up faster than my maximum PP, so that I can use it less often. At least she has enough armor to keep herself alive (tough luck for her fellows in the front row)Kallindra the Arcane WarriorShe has what I'd like to call the Black Mage problem. As her only skill is one that does damage, in addition to being not as strong as a true fighter, she must spend PP to accomplish what a fighter can do without spending PP. While she isn't weak when just hitting things, her skill is pretty mediocre and quite frequently fails (reminds me of random tripping in SSBB).Boreas the ThiefI believe any group without a thief is weaker than one that has him. He can pick locks and detect traps, which allows you to get loot without massive wounding and also not taking humongous damage in dungeons. Furthermore, he even gets a skill to lower buy prices and raise sell revenue (which is crucial given how scarce money is). The bow sucks at Level 1, but as he skilled it, it gains wounding that cripples strong enemies.Mike the WizardHe has the Black Mage problem I mentioned with Kallindra. The game keeps the oldschool idea of a damaging mage while most modern games make spellcasters focus on crowd control. While I don't oppose this idea, the scaling of PP makes it really hard for him to do his job right.Maia the Divine SummonerThe only class with any form of originality in it. She summons creatures that are the avatars of the gods to help you for a few turns. Her energy growth was decent enough that I could have her help out in tight battles, too. I'd love to have a better explanation for what the summons are for, though (I had a tank beast and a healer chick at my disposal).-EnemiesThis is the number one point where most RPGs fall flat - no matter how unique and interesting a game makes the character creation, enemies seem to solely consist out of HP and Attack values and maybe a status problem or a multi-hit ability. Lords of Xulima is no different. Enemies generally have no more than two actions and have little variety in how they're arranged. Success solely depends on you having higher numbers or, if the numbers are roughly even, that you roll better on hitting than the opponents do. An example how I'd do encounters (an example):Front Row:Worker Bee, Monster Rose, Worker BeeBack Row:Monster Lily-of-the-Valley x2The worker bees have high evasion, but low HP and are weak to lightning. Their main action is gathering pollen (which recovers the HP of the rose or the LotV), which they can throw at your dudes for little damage and stun. Provoking them makes them sting you, which does quite a bit of damage and poison, but instantly kills the worker bee.The monster rose mainly shoots spikes to do low-medium damage to the entire front row. Hitting it in melee makes your attacker take damage in retaliation. At lower health, it uses a single target petal shot that does shadow damage and can wound. It's health is quite high and it's weak to fire and resists light/divine.The LotVs have rather low health and poison melee attackers. They shoot pollen at you that can cause stun, dealing medium-high damage. They swing their blossoms in melee if forced into the front row, dealing less damage and removing the chance to stun. A friendly LotV can force them to go into the back row if there's someone to stand behind. Immune to poison, resists shadow and weak to fire.This is a battle where you can strategize - do you blast the worker bees with lightning so they can't heal? Or do you save  the magic for the melee-punishing rose? Pick apart the LotVs with ranged strikes to keep them from murdering your group? Or do you neuter them by provoking the bees with your tank? Protect your group from poison or rather stun?If I can think of creative enemies without any drafting, the maker sure as hell can.-Other things-Having a tight food clock and constant expenses punish exploration and cripple you for looking into old places, forcing you to use a guide to know where to go at all times.-No custom portraits? Acceptable, but disappointing.-It's amusing that the game lets you access quickload in the middle of a battle. Did the maker expect savescumming the encounters?"
76561198098178755,Recommended,296570,12944274,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,outbackduc,This game brings back the golden days of good old school RPG
,Recommended,296570,19857041,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Simply_Dave,Great Game
76561198091495444,Recommended,296570,25596223,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,CrEScenT,"Fantastic cRPG: isometric exploration and first person, turn-based battles. Full party creation with lots of possibilities in class/skills/talents. I'm playing on veteran difficulty and I feel rewarded for all the effort I'm putting in the game, because Xulima does require some committment! If you want a walk in the park, don't get this title. It's also a bit weak on the drama side, don't buy it for the story! Buy it if you want a good, old-school, polished crpg experience."
,Recommended,296570,34989531,Posted: 15 September,all,Cohen The Barbarian,"Lords of Xulima is a party-based rpg with a lot to offer for genre's hardcore veterans.Pros:+ It is hard in a good way. Game never ceases to offer a challenge.+ Story. It is cool and very original at parts.+ Play value, even tho' most of it relies on backtracking and combat, it still feels satisfying in that area.+ Balance. Even when you think game is being unfair to you many times, sooner youll understand it is your fault.+ Old school, hardcore rpg satisfaction.+ Has very affordable price considering the content.+ Gfx and sfx does its job. Could have been better for sure, but it doesnt lack.Cons:- It might be too confusing or hard for newcomers.- Since its long, it could be tiresome to return to it if you gave a break for a long time.- Might be considered too grindy at parts.7/10 If you are an oldschool/hard/hardcore rpg game fan (im talking about amiga-commodore era), dont miss that one. Otherwise, be ready to get punished a lot and grind a lot. If grinding or a hard rpg game is not for you, escape. I loved the game and im on the watch for the developer. Keep'em coming."
76561197998338889,Recommended,296570,35002708,Posted: 16 September,all,Mr Stickball,"A Modern Day Might & MagicFor quite a few years, I've been trying to find something that was as fun (and old school) as Might & Magic 2/3.. Something that doesn't quite feel like a dungeon crawler, and with a good compliment of party members. This game is affordable and easily fits that bill.This is an old-school RPG. Your hand is not going to get held. Battles are not grind-y, and are not easy to win. You cannot merely click through to defeat an enemy. Some battles (not boss battles!) can take upwards of 5 to 10 minutes to resolve. You may die often in the game due to ignorance, or not recognizing another way to solve a situation. There are puzzles that are not always easy.Its extremely enjoyable to find a real party-based RPG, having felt like there's been an abject lack of them available. You get one default jack-of-all-trades hero who is not very good, but the rest of the party options are really fun - Soldier, Barbarian, Bard, Archane Warrior, Cleric, Summoner, Thief,  Paladin and Sorcerer (maybe I forgot one?) are available to use, and each has a totally separate list of abilities.Allegedly I am about 1/4 of the way through the game and am about 15-20hrs in. Its extremely enjoyable to visit an old-school RPG world. The story is very basic, and is not going to engross you, but some characters and situations manage to entrhall you. The world created is quite detailed, and fun to be involved in, though.If you're looking for something that feels old school, this is absolutely worth the $9.99 - $19.99 that you'll pay based on sale or regular price. I can't wait for the sequel."
76561198076800204,Recommended,296570,22318926,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,reinselc,"I really enjoy this game.  I'm mid 30s, so it reminds me of a reboot of the old Xeen Might and Magic games, with better classes and skill building.  Some complain it is too hard.  They are wrong.  You do need to think and build a team, but it's not nearly as hard as Baldur's Gate II, which isn't that hard either.This game will give you hours of old school RPG fun.  Definately has that one more battle, one more level up feel."
76561198062536707,Recommended,296570,19108287,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,valrow22,"So far so good.  For those who take issue to the difficulty level, and those looking for more elaboration -- Think King's bounty, overhead map where you have to go back and forth between fights you are ready for and those you are not, with increasing rewards for the harder fights tempting you to tackle them before you are ready.  All in all, I'm very pleased with the purchase thus far."
76561197969384301,Recommended,296570,12973342,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,HeLLfire,"13 Hours in - game is good ;)This is assuming you like old school rpgs with turnbased combat. If not, well go play some fps game, hehe.Only issue i have encountered is a lack of info on where to go for main storyline missions. A bit vague, and the game does not hold your hand. Be prepared to reload, and wince everytime you rest, seeing your precious food rations go down.Sort of reminds me of Demon Souls style, just not so punishing. (Aka you die a lot, but when you die, you reload from last save, no worse)No bugs or crashes either so far for me - and these days with AAA publishers releasing crappy buggy games, it is nice to see a new developer managing to get a game out with so few bugs (that is atleast for me, and so far in the game)Only 13 hours in but so far so good. A solid 8/10 atm."
,Recommended,296570,12977743,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Rabbi,"Best RPG I've played in a loooooonnggg time.  Real fun game if you like ""old school"" (hard) CRPGs.  The exploration being isometric with first person combat is new as far as I know, and it's really nice."
76561197990562257,Recommended,296570,23575643,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,BW,"Great old-school RPG that delivers 100h+ of gameplay, an intriguing story-line, open world, very good isometric graphics, great writing, and extremely challenging battles especially in hardcore mode. Ypu can build your party many ways. However one wrong choice can completely change the dynamics of your party. I would have prefered a more ARPG fighting system like Ultima 7, Dungeon Siege, and or Griam Dawn over the turn based combat in a 3D simulated screen. I would like a better loot system similar to Grim Dawn with prefixs and suffixes. The world could feel more alive similar to Ultima 7 and I would have prefered a better class system similar to Final Fantasy X or Path of Exile to allow all types of different build, and I would have enjoyed a online co-op system similar to Icewind Dale but overall, for their first game, it's a really enjoyable experience. Even with the lack of voice acting. The writing and story will keep you playing. This studio deserves your support."
76561198006934629,Recommended,296570,18094426,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Blackoth,RPG that is fun to play. Combat is enjoyable turn based party combat. The graphics look nice and are smooth flowing. I would reccomend it for anyone who liked the 8bit and 16bit era of rpgs. There are some light puzzle elements but nothing too crazy. The story is different enough that im interested in how it plays out. Overall im having a lot of fun playing it.
76561197960953632,Recommended,296570,17758067,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Beef Donair,"This game is one of the best games I have played in a long time....Have you ever played Final Fantasy I, Phantasy Star I-IV or any RPG with parties and jobs and classes and monsters OH MY!Then you will love this game, you create 5 characters to go with the 1 pre built character that is your main hero. Then you take your party into the world and figure everything out! The battle system is my absolute favourite and makes me have flashbacks to playing those old games till 3 in the morning on a school night when I was very young. I will buy any sequel that comes in the same formula from this developer and I am well on my way to over 100+ hours as I only had a small time frame to play this game. Yes I reviewed this game after only playing 4 hours but this is the game I have been waiting to play.Great Combat,Great skills,Great choices for charactersLove being able to name and select portraits for my characters and classesGreat exploration"
76561197999113418,Recommended,296570,14331475,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,don123456789,"THIS GAME GETS MY HIGHEST RECOMMENDATION!Very clever game design. The designer does a great job of not making the path forward obvious. I always feel like I need to explore to find out which way I should go next. If I go the wrong way I get my butt handed to me. The combat system is great and with a tight economic system I am always scraping up every gold piece I can find to keep my guys fed and equiped. Reminds me of Wizardy 8 but much improved with a top down view. I'm totally hooked on this game. I rank this game right along side the best RPGs I've ever played. I'm still playing this game, I think I might be about half way finished."
76561197998968957,Recommended,296570,15820458,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Moon,"Update after 100+ hours of gameplay:The game gets very tedious and grindy after a while. So much so that I just want the game to finish already. There's too many random encounters late game but unfortunately these are needed for xp so you can level up enough to to beat the harder mobs. Ths is just a repetitive space filler IMO.Also, reading the forums will make it obvious there is balancing issues with the chars. Needing to build a party with a particlar loadout (ie: 3 soldiers) to beat the game is poor balancing. Keep this in mind.Original review:Really good game ! Perfect for anyone wanting a modern turn based RPG old school adventure. A few points:1) It's challenging. You need to think. There are times when things seem impossible - but there is always a way around.2) Not every monster you come across must be fought then & there. Some are too hard and must be revisited later.3) This game requires a lot of 'path finding' - finding alternate ways to reach your destination (walking around traps, tough mobs, thickets of trees etc).4) Ensure your party is well balanced. All attributes are necessary.5) Prioritise purchasing of mana potions.6) Use the blessings from the town spiritual healer as often as possible - they make a huge difference.7) The talisman of Golot DLC is worth it. The gold giving ability it provides is a massive help."
76561198024689294,Recommended,296570,33547183,Posted: 14 July,all,BloodRaven,"Where has this game been all my life? Seriously, as someone who grew up on Torment, Neverwinter Nights, Baldur's Gate and Icewind Dale this game hits all the right notes for old school rpg fans like me while bringing in some modern comforts like smooth graphics and a sleek UI.Like its predecessors you won't get far holding down the attack button, this game takes forethought, planning, awareness and strategy if you want to do more than die. The instances of brick walls I've found have been due to my failure in these areas. Once I stepped back and re-evaluated the situation what was annoyingly difficult became if not easy, then manageable. Therein lies this games charm and addictiveness as there's nothing more satisfying than blasting through what you thought was an insurmountable wall while trying out a new strategy.Pros:-Intriguing story, although nothing unexpected-Lore that means something, the gods are more than just flavor, they are an integral part of the world-Strategic, difficult battles-Planning is needed before embarking on the next leg of your mission-The world feels alive-Twists on the old crpgs make the game feel unique, instead of just a re-skin-Lots of skills for each class, creating good customisation optionsCons:-Can be very frustrating-Feels like there's just a few too many money sinks (although I've yet to run out of money so it's not unbalanced)-Skill points are permanent, which is only bad because it's easy to make a poor build by accident the first time throughOverall this game is amazing for old school rpg fans and it has made me excited for this developer's other games."
76561198015975314,Recommended,296570,13439203,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,catsahoy,"Thank you to all who have brought me this game. Having the most PC fun since the glory days of Might & Magic.Exploration  possible - and without benefit ( ha!) of huuuuge floting arrows pointing out the only available route.Combat with time to think  and sans hoppy -skippy -jumpy -uncontrollable -press -button -madly -what- just- happened rubbish.No crashes or glitches, major or minor, yet apparent.For perfection I would like to be able to carry more! Do love to have a selection of weapons and goodies.But then that comes under tactics I suppose.Not too easy, have to think on occassion but no major high frustration stuck points as yet. As I cannot decide on an ideal party there should hopefully be plenty of replayability.Love it. Recommend +++. Fun/£ very good value."
,Recommended,296570,23182413,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,accomando,"This game is like eating your favorite comfort food; like a warm plate of Mashed Potatos and gravy.  Excellent throwback RPG that is challenging and fun.  The music, sounds and graphics and gameplay are great. You need this in your library if you like old school RPGs."
76561198030757318,Recommended,296570,13847578,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Binomag,Lovely game! It caught me by surprise and i'm loving it! If you like Legend of Grimrock or Might and Magic Legacy do yourself a favor and get it!
76561198008257420,Not Recommended,296570,13963010,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,s_ferg,"My brother put it best ""After grinding all the way to level 10, I realized I wasn't having any fun"""
76561198036252807,Recommended,296570,15255080,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,GrandTsunami,"One of the best RPGs i have played in a long time.Combat system is pretty nice, balanced as well, kinda hard at early stages.Finished the game in normal now going to play hard in near future.If you like RPGs of that kind of style, have a nice story too, must buy.9/10"
76561198063310526,Recommended,296570,17639700,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,mayingth,"this game is unique and combine RPS , puzzle and strategy perfectly together. If you like Kng's boundty and would like more RPS elment or think it is too simple for you, then this game  can fit you well. However, this type of game is definitely not for everyone. It needs time, patience and calculation to play and enjoy this game.  Check gameplay on youtube and see whether it is your type. Anyway, I've already spent 20+hrs and  love this game very much."
,Recommended,296570,30722413,Posted: 25 March,all,Jinxology,"What a great reimagining of the classic western CRPG. I'm about 17 hours in and thouroughly enjoying it.Newer RPGs typically homogonize the experience, so that regardless of how you build your characters, you can't really min/max, become overpowered, or even find yourself UNDERpowered. They keep all the fights at about the same difficulty so that you don't really feel like your leveling choices matter.In Xulima, you CAN make bad decisions. You can go the wrong way. The puzzles are not obvious. There's a real challenge. Sure, there's a little RNG, but that's all role-playing games.The story is great too, truly engaging.Great job to the devs. This is the best new classic RPG I've played since Eschalon 1/2/3."
,Recommended,296570,28891560,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,finnegans wake,Quite fun but expect quite a bit of resistance in the first few hours. The game doesn't explicity point out what to do or where to go so you'll need to selectively choose your encounters or run into a brick wall.
76561198009506875,Recommended,296570,16032162,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Roscoetoo,It's a very cool game.  Looks great.  Not to complicated.  Combat is not as fast as M&M 6-7-8.  But.  It is way to unbalanced.  If you want to be frustrated and get your group butt kicked a lot then play this game.  I have it set on normal play and have attempted a few different groups of pc's but still get whooped to the point that it is no fun.  I'm stuck in the same areas every time.   I'm guessing if you don't set your group up a specific way you cannot beat this game.  That doesn't leave a lot of freedom in character creation.  Who has time for that?  My goal is to get lost in a game not marry it.I hope the creators address the balance issue.  I'll revisit it when I see an update roll through.
76561198126419631,Recommended,296570,12980134,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,axewielder,"Fun game!A Bit hard to master,but very rewarding.There are lots to do and explore,and worth the value in sheer entertainment content.Highly recommended."
76561198008824626,Recommended,296570,12979364,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Myth,Classic RPG goodness with a modern interface and dynamics.A solid blend of old and new.+Wide character customization+Interesting world with developed mythology+Hard+Solid ruleset-Rules not explained clearly-Difficulty curve will demolish casual players
76561198067245660,Recommended,296570,12977735,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,🍄 ᑕнΔяℓuттє 🍄,"Suprised how fun this is! Reminds me of Might & Magic a little, or Avernum.  I have a feeling I'm gonna sink some time into it :)"
76561198059395681,Recommended,296570,11643961,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Horde Commander,"Now Version 2.0 I will play it again!  It is a wonderful old school rpg , very relaxing but you always have to look for enough food and cant walk arround without collecting or buy it ! :-)here is my old review:Great Old School RPG game.   I really love the design of the (portrait) party members , it gives me a really cool nostalgic feeling of the good old Dos Days ! !   The game makes a lot of fun and seems to be well done and balanced,   for now the first hours of gameplay it makes more fun to play as other games these days .The only Contra (-)  is walking arround with only one member,  can´t choose / change the first Hero .  Walking can´t be done with one click to a point / target at the screen,   we need to hold down mouse button or arrow key ,  that´s all I can say Contra."
76561198018876023,Recommended,296570,11761158,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,vkozyrev,"This is one solid game. The other game it reminds me is Wizardry 7... with a bit up-to-date graphics.It has this ""old style"" vibe to it but it does not make me enjoy the game.Fites are tough but this forces one to think about a winning strategy - no click-them-all-to-the death consept in sight - a good thing.I think the price is too low (ha-ha) :-)"
76561198013893101,Recommended,296570,22052240,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Dr.Nopants,This game is great for people looking for a game with a classic rpg feel. Only problem with the game is if you don't build your party correctly the end game can be nearly impossible and with some classes being completly worthless; it can be extremely frustrating. The creators did a great job of building there world and i comend them for it.overall score 8/10.Pet your dogs.
76561198010469962,Recommended,296570,17059673,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,BrendanDH,"This game is very rough around the edges. It feels like a game coded in someones basement on a shoestring budget. So why can I not stop playing it? Well, it's very much a systems game. The systems are simple but they all fit together like a Swiss watch. Everything is in front of you and it all makes sense and works the way you feel it should. If you don't mind the production values and love playing a well designed game then you owe it to yourself to spend a few hours with Lords of Xulima."
76561198006533392,Recommended,296570,16060939,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,FatherKrieg,"After 2 times of recreating my party anew, was 1/4 through the game when The Witcher 3 released. Finished Lords of Xulima first."
76561198008724734,Recommended,296570,14688650,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,sureletsrace,"First review I've ever written for anything in my life. And for a good reason.-----This game is RIDICULOUS in how good it is.-----With the lack of quality games recently, I'm becoming the type of person that picks a game up and is bored of it within an hour, tops, because I usually can already tell what the game is, where it's going, and feel like I've already experienced the best it has to offer. For this reason, I typically don't spend money on games and end up playing mindless flash games on the internet.This game is just wow. I downloaded it and just played it for over 5 hours straight. It sucked me in. It's perfectly challenging.I cannot recommend this game enough if you are a fan of RPGs in ANY facet. This could end up being one of my favorite RPGs of all time, and that's saying a lot as I've played and beaten well over 50.I feel like I STOLE the game only paying 20 bucks. I would have paid 50. And I've already only played it for 5 hours.Well done, Numantian Games. I cannot believe this is your first published game. Un-freaking-believeable.I don't think you can top it. I hope you keep putting more time into this game; it could seriously be one of the best ever."
76561198044803765,Recommended,296570,18154066,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,ChopShop,"This game is a mash-up of the old school style 2D combat and a 90's 2.5D adventure game. Really tough, really fun. ""Warning"" play on lowest difficulty until you get the hang of it or you may ""rage quit"" out of frustration. A poor choice in character creation or mismanagement of resources can make the game more difficult or even require you to restart from the beginning."
76561198072074442,Recommended,296570,20663567,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Bjornster,10/10
,Recommended,296570,17916906,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Fluffster,Very addictive!
76561198053327339,Recommended,296570,27983111,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Ez mar jobb,I have spent 40 hours with this game and I am still somewhere in the end of the beginning. If you like long sagas then this is your game. Absolutely worth every penny.
76561198058743628,Recommended,296570,13398805,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,xeen,"236 hours and still going,playing in old school.Why is it taking so long,well I play a game to death looking for all the tricks and cheats without actually using a cheat.Very good game,no bugs,runs great not 1 crash..Very strategic game,at the moment I,m trying to get thru in old school mode without one character dying.So far so good,great game highly recommended.."
76561197992135430,Recommended,296570,13490670,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,SouthLane,"Fantastic old school game play, simple, solid and purely addictive.  They just don't make them like this anymore.The game grabs you from the word GO!The story is fine, the graphics beautiful, the animation and voice acting are good, and the game play is brilliant.It so cheap for what it is.  There is really no excuse why NOT to buy it.  :)"
76561198043240697,Recommended,296570,13442912,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,~Aries~,Amazing game with a high replay value
,Recommended,296570,12975663,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,vedoro,It got everything what a good classic RPG needs. Challenging and rewarding gameplay!11/10 would kill town guards again.
,Recommended,296570,12960387,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Hey!  I'm walkin' here!,"This game actively dislikes you and gives you a rough time with level design and with tough fights at the low levels.    The graphics have a bizarre look to them like they were made in a really cheap 3d model studio.    This game doesn't hold your hand and forced me to reload like a dozen times as I moved one pixel too far in the spore fields at the beginning.Also I love it and can't stop playing it.  It has perfect old-school rpg feel with some pretty intricate combat strategies that you'll appreciate once you realize you screwed up your first party's weapon distribution.If I had to pick a game this is most like, I'd say this is nearly the HD remake of Phantasie 3."
76561198062922439,Recommended,296570,26180528,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,mattiaiannone,Nice game that brimgs back a bit of nostalgy of old style rpgs. I would dfinitely reccomend to those who like this kind of genre.
76561198076428596,Recommended,296570,16745245,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Werezerg,"This game is hard to review, because it fascinated me with its oldschool feeling but on the other hand was quite boring or even frustrating a lot of times.Pros:- Real oldschool feeling- nice resting/food system and nice money into skillpoints system- nice graphics- nice music- some decent puzzles in oldschool styleCons:- a bit grindy, many unnecessary battles stretching the game out- battle is decent but not if you do it 100000 times always the same way- story is very flat, the dialogs pretty bad- some annoying puzzlesOverall, this could have been a very good game if half the battles were not existing... it still is a decent game for oldschool rpg fans. (7-8/10)"
76561198022751934,Recommended,296570,14634656,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Manabender,"Lords of Xulima is a true indie gem. It doesn't at all play like an indie game (perhaps thanks to the generously overfunded kickstarter campaign), even though it's the first game released by the developers.In a nutshell, LoX is a classic console RPG re-imagined for the modern gaming age.What really makes this game unique is the rich combat system. It takes already-established systems and greatly expands upon them to build a brilliant tactical system. For example, while most Final Fantasy games have a front-row/back-row system, the impact of it is minimal, and it's so automatic that some players won't even know it's there. However, it's front and center in LoX, and has a massive impact. Enemy melee attacks can only target your front row, and your melee attacks can only target their front row, usually only fromyourfront row. Furthermore, neither you nor the enemy can have a unit in the back row without another unit in the front row to hide behind; kill that front unit and the one behind it moves up.The game uses a turn-time system whereby faster units get to take more turns. I'm really baffled as to why more games don't use this. (It's quite similar to Final Fantasy 10)There's also the rich debuff system; each weapon type inflicts one of three debuffs, each of which can stack to no limit. There's Bleed, which is a permanent damge-over-time effect which can easily do the majority of damage to a big character, Stun, which delays the unit's next turn and prevents attacks against it from missing for the duration, and Wound, which decreases the unit's stats. Some enemies partially resist some debuffs, and some flat-out immune one or two, but I've yet to find an enemy immune to all three, not even bosses. This is especially nice; your typical classic boss is immune to everything except raw damage, so bosses in LoX are more than just simple slugfests.A word of warning: LoX is hard. Min/maxing, intelligent tactics, and some amount of save scumming will be vital to success."
,Recommended,296570,18024329,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,NikeAurelius,"Great game! Good balancing, good story and great pace!"
,Recommended,296570,13581390,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Unkn0wnfear,Diablo 2-esque movement/interaction with Might & Magic X Legacy style combat. Supreme customization and strategy. HARD. Very much like the Monster's Den Series only with a plot and better graphics. Fantastic game. Don't forget to save all the time.
76561198047923868,Recommended,296570,14721700,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Weltista,"Really captivating game. It's smart, intensive, full of challenging combat and head-scratching puzzles. Lords of Xulima will keep you on your toes most of the playing time.The graphic is Ok and perhaps is the weakest link of this game. Yet for most of the time you wouldn't notice it.I'd say so far I enjoy Lords of Xulima more than I enjoyed Might and Magic X Legacy. And to think that this game was developed by small unknown team is even more surprising.Highly recommended."
76561198019722923,Recommended,296570,13639499,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Gingerjordan,Great RPG.  Would recommend to RPG fans who are not afraid of a bit of a challenge.
76561198052536305,Recommended,296570,26135831,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Dacu,Pure Joy
76561197996314601,Recommended,296570,33023391,Posted: 29 June,all,simonbrowne404,"Really loved this game. Took me back to playing older RPG's like the original might and magic series.  Took a long while to finish, but the challange was enjoyable. Combats were challanging without being overwhelming if  you managed your skills and inventory right. Cant wait for the sequel."
,Recommended,296570,15594838,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,steliospota,"This is a really well made RPG. I was surprised by the depth and scope of this game when I started playing it. The art style suits this type of game very well and the music is very soothing making playing this game a very enjoyable experience. It also a quite difficult game, which requires strategic planning and levelling of characters. The enemies don't scale to your level, which means that exploration is dangerous as it is exciting. There is always a general direction the story is taking you, but that doesn't mean there is isn't a fair amount of exploration to be made ""off the tracks"". Oftentimes, you need to explore independently because otherwise you won't be able to take on the enemies further on. This difficulty makes it deeply rewarding when you actually succeed in defeating a boss or making it to the next area.This RPG title introduces a host of different spins and ideas on the genre which I think are valuable for RPGs to come in the future. I would also love to see Numantian Games make more titles as they demonstrated true skill and passion in the design of ""Lords of Xulima""."
76561198012736233,Recommended,296570,13452933,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,budist,"It is a good sight to see some old-school RPG. Even if the story is linear and once u finish at the highest difficulty you won't play anymore, the game is really enjoyable and offers a lot of hours of gameplay.Support these kind of games for bringing old-school party based RPGS."
76561197997753397,Recommended,296570,14579816,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,worlok777,"81 hrs to complete this game well worth the money, had a lot of fun with it, in the top three of the best rpg games i have played this year, graphics were very nice, game play was varied with a lot to do, lots of new spells to try out every few levels. just the right amount of challenge in game play for me, stable game did not crash once, all in all a well made game well done devs, congratulations in making this game. hope to see a sequel soon, it will be on my list to buy thats for sure!"
,Recommended,296570,14727700,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Maciej Medyk,"HIGHLY RECOMMENDEDVery good game in which combat is turn based and it brings memories of Might and Magic combat.+ Tons of content (70 hrs+)+ Lots of classes to choose from to play+ Interesting story+ Combat system similar to Might and Magic or Legend of Grimrock (turn based)+ Combat is chalanging and so are the puzzles+ Food management- Small glitches in quests (could not turn in one quest)- Ship navigation by using N E S W directions- Extremly easy to get stuck and not know how to progress forward- Certain classes are a must (cleric, theif, mages)"
76561197984761823,Recommended,296570,25843935,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,FeanorsCurse,Pretty good old-school RPG.
76561197979366434,Recommended,296570,13483077,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Syrin,"Best tactical RPG I've played in quite some time.   Perfect difficulty level.  Story is forgettable as are the characters, but the gameplay is fantastic."
76561198030725683,Recommended,296570,13751934,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,ryleck,Really great game a lot better that I was thinking at first. Just bought it at christmas sale and wow at this price its a real bargain ! If u like a game like baldures gate with tactics combats like Might and magic this game is for you !! My review 90/100 its a great RPG old style with nice graphic with good innovation !
76561198029041504,Recommended,296570,14334842,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,jcanini,Brilliant game.A must have for any RPG fan.Big thumbs up for  completing the linux port
76561198078302991,Recommended,296570,11915522,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,OneMate,"If you enjoyed old school rpgs such as the Final Fantasy series, Chrono Trigger etc then you will want to pick up this game. Have only played a little more than 20 hours and not even a quarter of the way through but I am thoroughly enjoying it myself. The learning curve is a little steep but not so bad once you learn to make use of the tooltip system (hint: Right-click to show the tool tip straightaway without having to hover over for a sec). Remember to save often and keep more than one save file as this game only quicksaves upon changing an area.Pros- Very polished visually and acoustically- Fleshed out immersive gameplay with plenty of optional side quests and challenges.- Engaging and highly strategic combat system- Great character building system- Plenty of hours of gameplay and lots of replay value for the price- Classic RPG feel- Fairly open world (strong enemies are used to keep on the path of the games normal progression but if you are able to defeat them you can go wherever).Cons- Takes a bit of time to get the hang of if you haven't played similar games before- It is possible to lose a lot of progress if you don't save regularily (hasn't happened to me but I can see it being a possibility)- Some players may not like the games scaling economy where prices slightly increase as you level upThis game belongs in the libraries of classic rpg fans or people looking to play a classic rpg."
76561198108032003,Recommended,296570,30222930,Posted: 27 February,all,desertfiend,"I saw the game on sale and was thinking, ""It's probably easy. There can't really be 100 hours. I can beat it fast.""I have never been so wrong about a game.Lords of Xulima is way more challenging than I thought it was going to be, and I love it.I highly recommend this game for any gamers that love creating parties, turn-based combat, or great lore and story.Just remember to make someone that can use a bow. That was my first mistake and had to restart the game to get a ranged character."
,Recommended,296570,13678696,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,TheSilverHammer,"I wish steam had a neutral rating.  While I did give this a thumbs up, it is barely a thunbs up. I am also writting this review after giving this game a break for a few weeks.  I didn't finish it because I got bored of it.  I wanted to give it time to see if I could get back into it because I wanted to see how the story turned out.   As of this writting, I do not plan on playing this game again to finish it.The good:It has an interesting story (which is sorely lacking from so many games these days) and an intresting world to explore.   It does a good job at drawing you in.The Bad:The game-mechanics are opaque.  You have no idea what skills / powers will do before you purchase them.  The descriptions can give you an idea, but you really do not know.  I am convinced that there is some kind of level mechanic in combat calculations because some encounter will kick your♥♥♥♥♥ and then you level up a few times and suddenly it is easy when nothing else much changed about your party.The loot is also fairly uninteresting.  Its mainly +stats on most gear and some +damage on weapons.  It is just very dull loot.The Ugly:The game is gated such that there is really only one path to go at any given time.  However this path is not clear.  Basically the gates are monster stacks which will destroy you.  As you ""open up"" the world, you get a much larger area in which to test these monster packs to find the one pack that you can beat.  It gets quite frustrating at times.The combat itself, which you do oh-so-much of, is terribly dull.  At some point many encounters will become trivial to you, yet you fight the same kinds of monster packs over and over and over.  It gets tedious quite fast.  This is the reason I put the game down.  There were a few more ""gates"" of uber monst packs around, and while I was trying to find the one I could beat, I was plagued with endless random encounters that were trivial to beat.  I just cound't deal with anymore and put the game down.  As it turns out, it will be for good.  Still though, I got a tremendous amount of play time considering the money spent.  This is why I gave it a yes vote instead of a no vote."
76561198052280273,Recommended,296570,13669679,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Drosophil Melanogaster,An unforgiving ruleset that makes it fun and challenging. I wish they make a sequel.
,Recommended,296570,13308240,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,BladeOfKitta,"Just want to say wow. Im not too far in, but so far I am impressed with EVERYTHING. The battle system is deep, but so easy to pick up I didnt need any sort of manual or anything at all. The Talisman is even cooler than expected, which is no surprise with this team. And Ive NEVER seen a company work so hard at repairing ANY little issue they find ASAP. Because they spend more time FIXING the issue than shameless plugging, or any of that. VERY impressed. I look forward to a lot more from them (especially as Im hoping this review will make them invite me to do Alpha testing *wink*)"
,Recommended,296570,13253030,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,kaeshiva,"Excellent game and highly customisable party, 5/5."
76561198007255392,Recommended,296570,27281885,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Nortar,"A really nice RPG with an old-school feel to it.It is a bit slow to start and gets way too easy closer to the end, but all in all I really enjoyed it."
76561197968369846,Recommended,296570,11754098,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Aaahh!!! Rachel Maddow,"I'd like the ability to make my own notes for maps, especially since they tend to involve so much backtracking.  I'd also like to be able to go to the menu and load during an enemy's turn.  There's a bunch of battles that I know I've lost, but I have to wait for them to slowly kill the entire party before I can reload."
76561197978170885,Recommended,296570,26174714,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,rgwilson3,I recommend this to anyone who loves RPG's. 10/10
76561197977258463,Recommended,296570,13482404,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,polomansr,"The best RPG I've played in the past 5 years.Any RPG fan should buy 2 copies of this, one for themselves and one to give to a friend to help spread the word.Those on the fence that like turn based combat should buy this.Those on the fence who like world exploration should buy this.Those on the fence who like in depth story telling in their RPG's will find this a little light on balance in that area but should still buy it, 129 hours in one play through for under $20 and never encountered a crash or bug and now that I'm done I'm still tempted to fire it up on the next difficulty mode after all that time and try a different group of character classes just for the fun of it."
76561198047759861,Recommended,296570,14294308,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,josephdw106,"this is a very good game although will have you taken back a little by the fact it is a little repetative to say the least(lots of grinding) and the game is a bit more linear than you will want to believe before purchase, with that being said you cannot ever say this game will leave you feeling shortchanged on money per time spent as ive about dunked 100 hours on one playthrough and im not done yet( NECESSARY GRINDING ).  the biggest complaint im going to leave is that stats and skills aren't always apparent that they are doing any good as lots of people seem to be confused in early game character leveling wether they are doing the right thing for always seeming to fall short....i think this is done correctly by design to always give a challenge until late game when your finally near the end will you see a difference and be a monster in battle. Overall i myself enjoy rpg's and this one has had my attention the minute i got it during christmas and has carried on strong for a continuous month of play so if thats not enough to get you interested im sure many of the other very positive messages will convince you!!!!Oh by the way as a completionist i do recommend the upgrade package that offers the talisman for a couple bucks more as i DID NOT get that and i CANNOT GET ALL ACHIEVEMENTS without that purchase so for all the other completionists DON'T MAKE THIS MISTAKE!!!(i hate not being aware that i cant get all achievements/things done in game so now i have to play again after said purchase)"
,Recommended,296570,28515774,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,kingMoluskor,"Simple, charming old-school RPG. I'm lovig it!"
76561197964497309,Recommended,296570,28077011,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Empy,"A game with a goold old vibe, starts really punishing ends up a bit to easy. From a really small company and is a really great surprise, the good outweigh the bad. i really enjoyed it"
76561198003476517,Recommended,296570,23413230,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Andy,I played this for about 2 hours and came back to the steam store hoping to find more like it.  Great old school game.
76561197991084962,Recommended,296570,14412305,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,The Gunslinger,Great game so far
76561198064111452,Recommended,296570,12849214,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Abuzittin,
76561198006690286,Recommended,296570,14781285,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,suurimonster,Doesn't hold your hand...
,Not Recommended,296570,18897613,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Mad Hatter,"Lords of Xulima certainly delivers on its promise to be difficult.  As many have pointed out, it definitely caters to a more ""hardcore"" fan base.  As fans of the Might and Magic or Ultima series can relate, there will be a lot of time spent trying to understand your characters, their skills, their uses, their scaling, their interactions/synergies, and learning a few other tips and concepts that would normally be outside the bounds of common sense(I’m looking at you herb skill).  In this day and age that means wiki, guide, and forum reading, rather than the previous trial and error systems, to hammer out the workings of your characters.But skipping over all the debates of sleeping off death but not disease, low drop rates, or finite xp, it boils down to seeing Lords of Xulima like this:If you believe ""hardcore"" means the game has a million ways to 100% screw you based off one decision you make, this game is for you.  If you believe ""hardcore"" means the game gives you a 1% chance of beating it and you have to figure out how you want to make that 1% happen, then this game isn't for you."
76561197970807880,Recommended,296570,15735504,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,SilentButDeadly,The production values aren't that great but it's actually kind of fun. I played a good deal until I realized the classes are not well-balanced so it's easy to end up with a gimped party.
76561198027189265,Not Recommended,296570,24525430,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Stanley,"First of all, I did not finish the game, stopped at level 35.I bought this game on a big sale (summer sale), after reading the reviews, knowing what I'm getting into.Like many others wrote, it was very fun for the first 20-30 hours. After that, the grind kicked in.The story is quite horrible for an old school isometric RPG (I expect a superb story of such games, always) and the combat is very repetitive, so there is very little making you want to keep playing after a certain point.Yes, the game is hard, but I knew that and really enjoyed the combat system/theorycrafting, playing on old-school difficulty.Pros:+Nice and simple art style (I saw that many dislike it, watch some videos to decide)+Night and day cycle and dynamic weather+Atmosphere+Hard strategic combat+Music is good but a bit repetitiveCons:-No auto combat like in many turn based JRPGS (would really help with the grind)-Story is horrid-Main character is the weakest class in the whole game, no matter how you build him-Most puzzles forced me to google for answers while alt-tabbed (I don't play isometric cRPGs for puzzles, sorry)-Big class inbalance, you have to do research before creating classes that look/feel good to not end up with a bad choice-Very easy to build any of the party members wrong/bad, making them horrible in combat in an already hard game-Some fights are still cheap even if your party is built perfectlyIf you do decide to buy this game anyway, be advised that you will have to read a lot of guides and do lots of theorycrafting while creating your party, in addition to reading about many in-game mechanics, since you are given very little explanation in game about how things actually work.I feel bad for giving this game a negative review, I tried really hard to like it but would like to save other people the time.I honestly think it's not worth it, there are much better isometric cRPGs out there."
76561198025014100,Not Recommended,296570,22055279,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,kennfusion,"If you are looking for a recent ""old-shcool"" RPG like a Wizardry or a Might and Magic, this is proably it, in that I don't think there is anything else out there. Party Based, Turn-Based Combat from a first person perspective, this might be it. And I really want to like this game, as it is faithful to old-school while adding something new.But I cannot recommend it, as it just takes itself too seriously.It is hard, very hard, unecessarily hard. For some people this might really make it more appealing. But the game has really come down to only two things, have I saved recently and resource management. Everything is based on gold, every hitpoint you have really does boil down to how efficiently you can use it, and the cost to replace it. You can replace hps with food, with mana or at an inn, but all come with a cost.  And every battle is hard. At least at level 6 they all are. There is no resting after every few battles, you need to rest after each fight. unconsious party members don't get exp for parts of battles after they go down. And the monsters progress in difficulty very fast. And there is no place to go grind easier monsters a bit and catch up, let alone get ahead.With all of that said, I made it to level 6. I can make it further, every battle comes down to a very tough fight that a little RNG love going your way means victory, a quick save and move on. But that is not fun. Fighting a long hard battle out, and having it come down to a point where you are just barely going to win, only to have your soldier critically fail and kill himself, instead of the enemy is not fun. Having to start a battle over and over again that the game says is balanced fight is just not fun."
76561197993288786,Recommended,296570,15745450,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Invest,This game is so absolutely cool I stopped playing pillars of eternity (aka wall of text and chaos fights)  to play this. It all makes sense and the turn based combat is fun. So awesome!
76561197963319095,Recommended,296570,12973873,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,stealthassassin,"really nice game with nice artwok, effects, depth and customization options. been a while since i played a game for 7 hours straight"
,Recommended,296570,14019866,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,rekurencjusz,it's half wizardry and half isometric poverty simulator: mushroom picking edition
76561198089510392,Recommended,296570,14178025,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Dayman,Great RPG. Doesn't get the attention it deserves. Play this game!
76561197979099756,Recommended,296570,14720682,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,JazzyJet,This game is a Gem.  I've played a lot of RPG's and this game really shines with character.  A very inspired peice of fantastic work.  I hope this game gets the attention it deserves.
,Recommended,296570,13641322,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Gorange_Ninja,"Booted up the game, made some characters and then got butchered by guards because I refused to pay the toll 8/8"
,Recommended,296570,14092262,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,wongasta,very good game - couldnt stop playing for one week
76561197995332532,Recommended,296570,14188688,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,HeheAZ,All i can say is very good if you appreciate RPG
76561197970504586,Recommended,296570,14720245,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Lord Kreigan,One of the better RPGS ive played in years.  Very polished and well done game.  The hand drawn artwork and music are fantastic.
76561198041716471,Recommended,296570,22299421,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Predator,One of best polished oldscool RPG in ages.
76561197988161498,Recommended,296570,24037448,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,kataniamk,Even with the very little time I spent playing Lords of Xulima I would HIGHLY HIGHLY recommend this game. There are just so many things this game does.  Some will be listed below but again I am not that far. I will likely post a full review when I beat the game.-Exploration is done in 3rd from a top down perspective.  Battles are of course down in Might Magic style meaning 1st person turn based combat.-Music. The music from when you take your 1st steps in the game is just amazing.- Lockpicking and trap disarming. Okay Bethesda I love ya but take note. This is how you do proper lock picking. Basically lockpicking is a game of Minesweeper and trap disarming is to click a gear when it turns green. Simple but really fun.-Combat. Being able to switch party memebers around in combat is a genius idea. I mean let's your cleric is about to die simply put her in the back and let herself and than put back where she was.Again these are just a few of the very awesome changes that I have noticed. In short I encourage you to pick up this game. And plese do yourself a favor and pick it up before the Steam Sale is over.  You can get the Deluxe edition for a really low price.
76561198165476207,Recommended,296570,26347870,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,fredg773,I liked this game at first but then it got a little too monotonous and difficult.
76561198027839062,Recommended,296570,13559218,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,HozzMidnight,"Great throw back game.  Combat along the lines of the Wizardy or Might and Magic games, ie. turn based 1st person. Fairly deep class/ability system."
,Recommended,296570,14326309,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,bodun,"great old school-style rpgreminds things like might and magic, eye of the beholder, first final fantasty, spiderweb software games etcnope, there won`t be any plot signifacnt morale choices, or hidden routes to finish quests without fights (lol)it`s combat oriented party rpg with bit of puzzles"
76561197980328361,Recommended,296570,26607464,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,bricmpt,"Very experienced Table & CRPG player here.  This is a good game.  Not easy, not impossible.  Typical fare but I like the unique elements.  Balanced Ok but food is too costly.  Get a workshop mod.  They are easy to install.  Looking forward to playing more."
76561198016338339,Recommended,296570,14968256,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Grooves,Great Game
76561197967180670,Recommended,296570,14508413,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,timewar,"It's a really great game, with one exception: the chance to hit numbers are a bold faced lie. Expect to miss 50% of the time when you have 80% chance to hit."
76561198128367563,Recommended,296570,26077531,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,kingtumbleweed,Great game other than my party having more critical failures than Malaysia Airlines.
76561198049949381,Recommended,296570,16621870,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,lancelot2001ca,"A game that was o nmy wishlist for a long time but I thought it was overpriced for its content. But at 10$, I thought it was okay so I finally bought it.The game is nice enough to be played on a regular basist. But like many level-up games like this, you will only play it through once or twice since there are no choices to take nor any alternate endings I beleive.It is still a decent game, decent enough to pay 10$ for it, but not more than that. Paying more than 10$ for this game is simply not worth it since there are far betterr games that are cheaper on Steam, some are older some are same age others are newer.It is still a game that I recommand getting your paws onto, but not at a price over 10$"
76561198292461573,Recommended,296570,34776100,Posted: 6 September,all,michelle.pogo,I'm taking my time with this one!  I love the game and the story. There are mods available to customize the experience.
76561197963527418,Recommended,296570,13673786,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Splatter BEE,Just started playing this and I love it.   If like me you are looking for an old school rpg style game they have mixed the best of them and put them into here.  I'm having a blast.... Where can i find the game engine to make my own story!
,Recommended,296570,13664644,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,IndiVestor,Old school and nice.Can be played on a tablet which is a massive bonus.Basically it is like a top down scrolling RPG from 15 years ago. Similar combat to Wizardy. I have only just started but so far I can see it being a end of day wind down on the tablet type game.
76561198027275261,Recommended,296570,14609105,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,sc_rules,"Classic game, I am about 30 hours in now.Always remember to get blessings from the priests, these help alot especially early game in some of the tougher fights."
76561198002871746,Recommended,296570,18736735,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,xWhackoJacko,"It was pretty okay. Graphics and story are really bland, but the combat is...pretty bland too. It's still okay though, I'm seriously."
76561198040251423,Not Recommended,296570,30206329,Posted: 26 February,all,Gandalf in da hood,"I wish I could recommend this game, but I can't.Firstly, lets start with the good parts: story. I like the story of this game. I find it intriguing, and mainly the reason I'm still playing this game. Can't say how long that will last.And this swiftly brings us to the bad stuff: mostly everything else.Combat is the probably biggest flaw I find. Many people seem to like playing this on the ironman challenge because of the games diffculty. But it all comes down to rng. Since you see when a fight's coming up, I always quicksave. Then during the fight I always have the same strategy, if I lose I reload and reapet. At one time I win, meaning that it all boiled down to rng and not skill.Fights are hard, almost too hard. I play on normal, and grind as much xp as possible too keep a head. Before the fight, you can see how difficult it will be, and most fights are challenging or higher. A lot of mobs that are way to high level for you too fight all around, making you have to zigzag through the map.During the fights, as I've said, it boils down to rng. Every attack, except the mages spells, have a hit precentage. It feels like it's lower than what it says, 70% feels more like 50 %, but that can be my frustration. The enemy usually have a higher precentage, and also take a lot more damage to you than you to it. You have the advantage of being more people, but also, you can always count -1 since the healer does nothing more than heal, because when it's his/her turn, someone needs the healing.Sometimes when you're about the attack, you recieve a ""critical failure"" and instead of damaging the enemy, or you know, missing, you instead take damage yourself. As if the legendary group destined to save the world fall on their own weapons. Needless to say, I have never seen this happen to the enemy. Only your group will suffer from this.But all of this doesn't matter since it is just to do a quick load and pray to the rng gods.Sometimes enemies can sneak up on you, but your main character have a camouflage ability, where you can spend some action points and hide from the group. A few minutes ago when I played, my talisman (will talk about him later) told me that the shadows are stalking me. Suddenly, I'm ambushed to a fight I cannot escape. This felt weird since you initate combat by approching a visible enemy. The other ambushes you get the option to evade. Luckily I won that fight, but if I hadn't, it would have been just to reload and lose the progress.The food system is also really weird. The most popular mod right now tries to fix this, and it really needs fixing. Firstly: since you need to rest and heal after every fight, your crew is eating through the food like there's no tomorrow. You can of course stock up on food, for a high price, but be careful! 150 gold for a 3 day reserve means 150 gold for the reserve to fill up UNTIL you have 3 days worth of rations. You recieve the difference between what you have and 3 days. If you have rations for 2 days and 23 hours, you pay 150 g gold for 1 hour of food. if you have 1 hour of food left, you pay 150 g to receive food for 2 days and 23 hours.  To buy one more days of rations (so you have 4) costs another 200 g. But to fill up so you have 1 day costs like 30 or 50.I also bought this game during a sale, so without knowing what I was buying, bought all of the dlc. The DLC is pay to win. One of the DLCs are basically guides and walkthroughs of the game. The other is the Talisman of Gotot, an item that can help you by giving you gold/food/skill points when you ask for it. The DLC does not involve any other kind of contet.I have not yet gotten frustrated enough to stop playing this game alltogether. But if given the option of a refund, I would have taken it without second thought."
,Not Recommended,296570,24050411,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Karithay,"Challenging games can be a lot of fun. Xulima does not master its challenge level in that way. Instead it comes off as torturous, and the only reason to continue is because you are full of spite or you wish to justify the hours you spent on it.If you do play, before you do anything else, comb the internet for advice on adventuring and party creation. If you build your party wrong, you will die a lot and be frustrated. You will probably die a lot anyways. That's the sort of game this is. Save, fight a battle, rest, save, spring a trap, load, walk back and forth until you detect the trap, save, attempt to disarm the trap, etc. You will also want to use those guides so you know the optimal way to improve your characters as you level up, because if you don't optimize you will be dying a lot more. This summarizes how a lot of the game is played, from the very start you need to know what you are doing and plan your characters' lives out through at least level 30.Any sort of organic growth or exploratory game play is actively punished. Want to try a new weapon? You will be dismal in it unless you've been leveling your skill in it from the beginning, and if you've been leveling two weapon skill then you've just been throwing your points away. Same thing for harvesting herbs. You would expect that the game would encourage you to harvest as you do to practice your skills. Instead, you want to wait until the end of the game to harvest herbs because then you will have maximized your skill in this and be able to reap the most profit.Of course, once you do venture out, you will find that your party is likely under powered. Nearly everything else will be more powerful than you, even if you do optimize your build. This will likely lead to saving a lot and resting a lot, the latter also forces you to forage for food, possibly going back to loop through the same areas to build up your food supply because food becomes too expensive to buy.As with many RPGs there is a grind. Sadly, we expect this. Xulima is no different. As the game only has a finite number of encounters, there is only a finit amount of god and experience points. So you will have to continually walk back and forth over an area (possibly while the land tries to kill you with environmental hazards) until you finally get them all. At least it comes with an XP bonus.Finally, the game lacks direction. You are generally left to your own devices to bumble around to try and figure out what area you should go to next, which is to say which creatures you have a chance to defeat. This trial and error naturally leads to more saving and reloading.If all of that does sound like something you like, then know that Lords of Xulima plays like a top down Might and Magic, which is pretty keen. Don't expect anyone other than your main character to have any personality though."
,Not Recommended,296570,22113277,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,spicausis,"Fairly unplayable under linux, the Powerpoint Engine™ kicks in during the fights.Which is sad, as it looks like there's a fun game with interesting mechanics underneath — yet after reading the forums it looks like the linuxen lag is quite unlikely to get diagnosed and fixed."
,Not Recommended,296570,15935490,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,ChinBurton,Horrible game. Most likely my fault I always have the highest expectations. Its like HoMM or Kings bounty but with just one party. Completely frustrating and overly restrictive. More of an adventure then an RPG. Even the RPG aspect of it is extremely restricted for example you can only level skills once per level even if your character is drowning in skill points. Trying my best to enjoy it but I cant seem to find anything really appealing about it. The story thus far is♥♥♥♥♥♥ 100 hours of game time is probably spent walking to one possible win to another. Just another game trying to reinvent the wheel when we have seen even the largest developers fail and lose it all. The Talisman DLC is like a cheat box where you gather points and trade them in for money or more skill points that just stack up in the progression screen. I can only push my self so far so maybe there is more to it but I honestly could care less. Hope the dev decides to allocate his skills to a more open and enjoyable game.
76561197994601982,Recommended,296570,14046373,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,tyrell,I recommend this game.
76561197995917800,Recommended,296570,27922419,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,aceisgoku,The good outweighs the bad.
76561197968480481,Recommended,296570,13656446,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Budweiser,Great oldschool game
76561197973690143,Recommended,296570,24936204,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Gustav Kirchhoff,"I like the part with the lords. However, I did not like that one lord.  He did bad things."
76561198054261193,Recommended,296570,31490548,Posted: 1 May,all,voronchuk,Surprising engaging old-school RPG game
76561198018598516,Recommended,296570,13504527,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,euplatious,Awesome old school fun!
76561198122001067,Recommended,296570,12985136,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,FrankFane,Astonishing! Top 20 euros that I spent in recent years!
,Recommended,296570,12978688,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,E_128,Great!
76561198036265451,Recommended,296570,27674222,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Obup,"Great game if you like a challenge. It does get a bit too easy towards the end, if you dont mess up the party skills too much."
76561197960602516,Recommended,296570,27333466,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rinorragi,The game was a lot better than I expected. Had many fun hours with it.
76561198031136337,Recommended,296570,14361038,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,(SGiP) God-Run Sky-Man,Exellent RPG with a vast world to explore..Really well done!
,Recommended,296570,14096281,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Tmark,A hard and unforgiving old-school RPG with no hand-holding yet it's really addicting.Any fan of Baldur's Gate and Wizardry series should buy it asap.
76561198082357177,Recommended,296570,15596260,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,wtjg,brill game combat stays clever all the way  hope there is a follow up 10/10
,Not Recommended,296570,20391779,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,wolf80207,"https://youtu.be/cbhvNvPrvuMAfter The Video Review: Lords Of XulimaI normally do this anyways and I had a lot to say so I just kept it in this format.The Good:Old school style with new school mechanics:it has kind of an old school feel of ultima in a way but it’s supported by new age combat and graphics.Interesting combat game-play:basically if your enemy is using a melee weapon and he’s to the far left of the screen he can’t attack the far right without moving first, which costs half a turn to move. In addition to that it’s all turn based combat with weapons and skills that can stun and while not as comprehensive as say final fantasy x and it’s turn based system it’s still pretty good.The voice overs are pretty good:often the proper voice can make or break a game, but they pretty much nailed it here the narrator and the voice of god sound very appropriate and usually are dipping with dramatic feel to it.The environments are pretty well detailed and everything looks good:it actually a good thing to be a developer on Steam and not have your game look like it was done in MS Paint and here it looks really well done, with good detail in pretty much everything you encounter and every where you go.It has a Steam workshop:there is too many mods and for the most part they haven’t done too much in terms of really outlandish stuff, but it’s always nice to have.The Bad:The outright necessary grinding:I’m not kidding here you WILL grind in this game you WILL kill every enemy in every area if you want to continue on your quest there is no maybe here.but wait there’s more! the enemy's are finite and you get a bonus for killing all of them that you will need, so youLITTERY have to go everywhere to fight every enemy.The lack of skills:the ones they do have are more trial and error and outside of the divine summoner class it feels like most characters really don’t have a lot of skills in the beginning and as they level up they still feel really under powered.Complete lack of explanations:most of the skill icons you can’t click on so you don’t know what they do same with the icons on the weapon stat’s, even concepts like when poison or bleeding will affect you is never explained, Also it never gives you a look at what skills you character will receive way down the line so you're never sure what you're building towards.Often times completely unrealistic with its difficulty:somehow even after you take down nearly EVERY enemy in EVERY part you can go in a map if you didn’t build you didn’t min/max your characters correctly then congrats you get to start all over again from the beginning of the game.it has such an unforgiving difficulty that even if you have been playing CRPG’s your entire life you're still going to lose, that being said however you're probably going to restart to get your revenge (after you buy a new keyboard).The DLC feels like a slap in the face:I swear it like the devs when they making them were like “aww is it too hard for you? that’s ok you can just spend more of your money too make it allll better.”It has a weird stutter when you run:this could just be my computer but it has a really weird jerky stutter when your character starts running again it could be just me but it’s weird.The Summary:This game just is not approachable by anybody who isn’t direly serious about needing a challenge in a CRPG and Dark Souls & Bloodborne just aren’t your thing, everybody else just needs to stay away from this title because the only thing you’ll find with this game is frustration and a lot of broken keyboards, but if you can make it past all that there is a good game here albeit one I can’t recommend but a good game all the same.Final score: 7/10 Good"
76561198052971128,Recommended,296570,28138926,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,realxavier,"Hard, enjoyable, can be frustrating on classic difficulty without reading lots of guides first. Have ""normal"" for easy play. I do recommend."
76561198012649165,Recommended,296570,23174816,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Shadowgl00m,A difficult game with an unfun drawback.  I guess if you don't play it on the hardest difficulty it may be more enjoyable.
,Recommended,296570,17932045,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Valdrik,.
76561197971640510,Not Recommended,296570,15926989,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Huggles `,"It's a nice game, but there's something very off about how levelups work.. It's like all enemies receive a nerf to damage, and stats don't matter so much... After a while it just gets weird because there's no challenge at all. Things are either impossibly difficult or very easy after 1-2 levelups and you just go through roadbloacks that ""unlock on level 10"" etc.I wouldn't recommend it for full price at all."
76561198015182156,Not Recommended,296570,33571651,Posted: 15 July,all,mspaetauf,"Game has potential, but unless you want to be frustrated in combat because most enemies stunlock your party like there's no tomorrow, stay away from it."
76561198005248610,Not Recommended,296570,14636612,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Elmberry,"I bought it because people recommended it. The game was fun the first few hours, but when the game is so extremely linear you feel more and more frustrated when you play the game. In which spot is the content now so I can advance? You can sadly only do one task at a time. You also need to harvest vegetables after each mission. 40 of them!!! How fun is that!? When you click the vegetables your character don't even go there and pick it up. You need first to move your character to correct spot and after that click the vegetable. You need to do that for 40 of them. What did devs thought of? If I don't harvest, it will hurt your economy badly as you need to pay 100 gold entry fee each time you go back to the village where the next not so fun quest is? Why do I need to pay a fee each time I enter the village and need to communicate about the same thing over and over again. Not so fun. Very repetive game. However I think if they would have done it little different, it would have been a good game. If you are a person who likes to do repetive linear tasks I highly recommend this game. Otherwise not."
76561198056454656,Not Recommended,296570,19080187,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,anti.breeder,"Ultimately this game breaks out into two types of people.Those who enjoy a high challenge and those that thought it was a casual game like HoMM.There's very little direction, which thus far has been incredibly ungratifying while being incredibly time consuming.With finite encounters, if you hit a wall due to a poor level choice you can't easily recover.I kept trying to go back and hope that once I got passed the initial difficulty hump it would get better, but while the encounters became much easier everything else was just incredibly slow.100% would not recommend this game for anyone looking for a casual RPG."
76561197995866222,Not Recommended,296570,16398092,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,jahill007,"Lords of Reload is a better title.  If you like rolling the dice and reloading every time it fails, then this will be fun for you.  The game creators couldn't come up with a challenge, so they added chance.Hope you can hit with that 75% chance.  Nope, four misses in a row so I lose the fight.  So you face the same fight multiple times.  But, they don't want you to get to a point where chance isn't a major factor, so fights are limited.  I hate grinding, but I hate not having the option even more, which I know sounds strange.Play yahtzee instead."
,Not Recommended,296570,18077149,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Sahuagin,"Can't really recommend, though I'd give it more of a neutral vote if I could. If you're looking for a throw-away fantasy RPG experience, I guess this'll do, but there really isn't anything at all here of any value beyond that. The game basically consists of finding the next fight that you can possibly survive, surviving it, and repeating that process hundreds of times. There's otherwise not a lot of thought that you can put into it. I don't think the game has a single multi-floored dungeon. It also has some really awful voice-acting, to where you'd be better off voicing things yourself."
76561198200192485,Not Recommended,296570,20017732,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,tbouhome,"If you have nothing else to occupy your interests then may be worth the trudge through this cookie-cutter game. Cheap tricks like stacking poisons by fast mobs while you are limited to a single cure poison spell later in game. Nausea or sickness are healed with expensive cures or must wait much later for a spell. Towns are clones with slight variations. Resource management is always the challenge and becomes very tedious and simply not interesting. Not sure why so many positive reviews, but I have trouble enjoying this game."
,Not Recommended,296570,19164932,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Pnume,"This RPG brings some good ideas to the table but the character devellopment is heavyly unbalanced and full of pitfall (in classes, skills and weapons). Many things in the game mechanics don't make any sense at all and good luck getting through the game without either a guide or a lot of time to try out the few stuffs that work."
76561198042293358,Not Recommended,296570,34368106,Posted: 20 August,all,andrewkpetersen,"I enjoyed the old school feel, but two issues made this game unplayable for me on OS X. First, the game only has a full screen mode. You can't tab out. Second, the game crashes occasionally, and when it does so, it oten simply locks up, requiring a reboot of the system."
,Recommended,296570,13936562,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Kintak ヽ(´ー｀)ﾉ,Great game. Harkens back a lot to the dungeon crawlers of yesteryear while also improving on them.
,Recommended,296570,23029012,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,j0ny_brav0,A Good Game.
76561198098816099,Not Recommended,296570,19704104,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Inquisition,I thought the game would be better.  I gave it an effort and tried to like it.  I just couldn't get past the gameplay.  It was not enough to keep you interested and of course the game is dated.  The graphics are poor to mediocre at best.The premise was good but the gameplay was not.I could not reccomend you spending money on this.  If you catch it for under 2.00 then it might be worth it.  Otherwise I would pass.
76561198008748490,Not Recommended,296570,18719934,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,MobySlick,"It has a great look and feel with interesting RPG mechanics, but the combat is just too harsh and unforgiving. I gave it 9 hours of slogging but I just can't look forward to barely scraping by in every combat. I played on the lowest difficulty and I can't imagine why anyone would put themselves through it. Mobs that hit your highest defense characters for 1/3 their health and simultaneously set up a bleed for another 1/3 per turn?... Come on I only brought one Cleric! Paladins are useless, weak in both combat and healing. And either I was consistently shafted by the combat dice rolls or there's something fishy going on with the RNG, when I typically have a reported 60%+  to 80%+ change on hitting but gosh, 90% of swings still miss. Another thing I don't like is the constant need to have a food supply. That doesn't add fun to the game, just adds worry to every step I take and limits my choices.It has real promise, I like the engine but I think the combat should be overhauled and just remove the Paladin class since you need to take a Cleric anyway and the Paladin's too mediocre at everything."
,Not Recommended,296570,13632988,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,skellie10,"I won't go into the general pros and cons of this game because everyone has covered them pretty exhaustively here and there's really no need for me to cover them again. However, I want to go over my own particular gripes with the game, not because I think my opinion will be of use to anyone, but because I want to express some small act of defiance for a purchase I regret.I'll admit I didn't give the game much time, but it didn't take me long to figure out why I wouldn't like it. I create my characters, drop into the game, and find that my entire party is represented by some boring schmuck who proceeds to speak for everyone in the conversation that shortly ensues. What kind of roleplaying game lets you create a party and then sidelines them to focus on the blandest man in fantasyland? It appears to me that your characters have no presence in the story whatsoever, their only purpose being to back up the bog-standard chosen one in the combat sequences. Some may find this to be of little significance, but it really upset me. When I pick up something that proclaims itself to be an RPG, I expect that to mean more than some character portraits and stat management.I'm sure Lords of Xulima is a fine game, but for a roleplaying game there was a disturbing lack of roleplaying, and I wish I hadn't bought it."
,Not Recommended,296570,15531661,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,gobio,"I don't recommend this game for the simple reason that if you are the type of person whoe doesn't spend effort to do research before buying this game or you read only a few reviews for to decide if you would like a game, you will not enjoy this type of so called ""old school"" game in the first place.Yeah yeah yeah, I am a loser, I am dumb, this game completely owned me and destroyed me in its intended difficulty.   Now I am facing the decision to start a new game in normal and run through the game mindlessly, OR continue painfully ATTEMPT to reload and reload and reload the game.This is the type of game that wake people up for the REALITY that they are not the cool hardcore people that they think they are, or how they used to be when they are still young.  And such enlightenment for such a small price, really save you a lot more money in the long one because you will avoid games advertised as ""old school"" forever."
76561197972716331,Not Recommended,296570,16039675,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,serverdude1,"I do not recomend this game.If you have a multiple monitor set up then you will run into problems.  There is no support to speak of.Once I got the game to work by disabling my 2 other monitors, I was actually able to play the game.Gameplay was pretty banal.   Mostly centering aorund button mashing.I bought this game for $15 on sale and it was way too expensive all thins considered,  This game is so bad I wish I could get my money back.Stay away from this title."
76561197998328977,Not Recommended,296570,24894597,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,reemocin,"I can't understand the 'Very Positive' reviews.I like a fair, tactical challenge.I don't like this game's unfair difficulty made worse by having to rely too much on the role of the dice.First encounter went OK. Not a complete walk in the park but a nice intro into the combat.But everywhere I went next I found encounters that wiped my party; I didn't stand a chance in hell.I was playing on the base (lowest) difficulty level.One action remained ... remove local content ..."
,Not Recommended,296570,24842764,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,bittajam,"First of all, no windowed mode. I've got a Linux PC with 4 screens, and the game doesn't let me change the resolution or the active scren, so everything looks messed up. And though it shows up on a single screen, it tries to use all the memory at once, so it gets terribly slow and laggy. To be honest, I just don't want to go through each and every config file to find a  string that can make it all look better, I googled for a little bit, so as far as I understand, you can't just go ahead and set it up as you want it. When I turned 3 screens off, it detected the right resolution and worked much better, but do I really have to do that every time I want to play this particular game? Nope. So, if you have a multiscreen Linux configuration, be prepared for a big and laggy mess. Really sorry to see that in 2016."
,Not Recommended,296570,16161482,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,MeanEYE,"Game is riddled with bugs. I was unable to make it run as it requires me to turn off one of my displays. I wish I could advise people to buy it, but not at this stage. Developer is not communicative and doesn't seem to really care."
76561198006529754,Not Recommended,296570,17747881,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Blixx,"Combat is a complete random number generator.  No tactics, No Strats..."
,Not Recommended,296570,14157514,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Chen,"Small review just to highlight some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t in this game.Whenever the game shows a percentage for you, like 60-70% chance to hit, don't trust it. It probably means 40-50%. Every action has a critical failure chance (like 10%) where you hurt yourself and the rest of the time you're going to miss for whatever reasons.So you think 70-80% is pretty good? Think again it means you'll either miss or hurt yourself half of the time. And you'll roll low on damage the other time.And no, this is not ""normal"" or ""typical for a RPG"" or ""oldschool"". I have played plenty of RPGs before, Baldur's Gate, Icewind Dale, Wasteland 2, Fallout series ... I know what 60-70% chance to hit is like. And this game's RNG is clearly not accurate. I can just spin up the game any time and get my parties to miss 3-6 times in a row despite the odds should be in my favor (and there are no character with ""wounded"" status either, in case anyone is wondering).Expect your entire party to go on miss streaks at least one round every single fight. Yeah and that's really the entire game's difficulty - suddenly everyone goes on a missing streak, casters fizzle their spells and then you die.If you still think that's fun or acceptable, go read other reviews, they'll do this game more justice."
,Not Recommended,296570,14803517,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,BioZed,"Until the balance of combat is correctd I would avoid this game. Frustration and lots of ""WTF"" moments otherwise."
,Recommended,296570,32920833,Posted: 28 June,all,i would sniff her farts up,"it was fun until i died by these birds then realised i didnt save, which meant i started all over again to the beginning of the tutorial"
76561198047134587,Not Recommended,296570,19151259,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,yellow,"Just small warning - I found the performance under Linux abysmal, even just moving on map caused shutter every 1-2 seconds. Also I started to look for autocombat button in first tutorial fight so I can only guess it will become even more boring and tedious as the game progresses."
76561198030926305,Recommended,296570,12941156,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Bossonova911,GET THIS GAME !!!  --Only for RPG FREAKS--
,Not Recommended,296570,17051550,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Tek,Very low-end art style. Light plot that doesn't grab your attention. First impressions are important and for me it failed that.
,Not Recommended,296570,17018656,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,The Doctor,"I want to like this game, but I got stuck without any reasonable way to progress and lost interest."
76561198259503133,Not Recommended,296570,23865684,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,moo,The battle system is not awesome.  It is like a trading card with priority like system.  I gave up because of that.
76561198008297618,Not Recommended,296570,31761243,Posted: 14 May,all,fatcat1111,Well designed but full of grinding.
76561197981742029,Not Recommended,296570,17515428,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,72 virgins,"First time i tried to play this stupid game I lasted 28 minutes and quit.  Giving it a second go 6 months later i finished the game. Dumbest game ive finished out of maybe 50 games. It will♥♥♥♥♥♥you off, its very imbalanced. The amount of reading you do in this game is very annoying. The fighting is VERY repetitive. The amount of custimization is lacking and having a class already decided for you when making the party is so dumb.Dumbest game ive ever played"
76561198030691926,Not Recommended,296570,16432237,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Ryguy,"Bought it, loaded it, could barely move my character around, got a refund."
,Not Recommended,296570,13668853,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,gamehits,"started out great but bogged down and the difficulty ramped up too fast. i'll try this one again, but for now it's a no."
76561198076898412,Not Recommended,296570,33980745,Posted: 2 August,all,misterjunkstuffed,"Even tho I am playing with easiest setting, I have to reload the game so many times in order to survive from random encounters. Don't spend your money for this imbalanced, time consuming game."
76561198068981892,Not Recommended,296570,15328375,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,AbacartheWizard,"OMG this game is dumb! It looks like a cartoon. The third group of monsters my party fought was a pair of ravens that wiped out the party. I actually felt like they did me a favor, because I didn't have to play anymore."
76561198098582347,Not Recommended,296570,21805670,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,foxinsox2,"Do you dream of being a bland, pot-bellied religious zealot?Feel like you don't do enough gardening in your life?Have you ever wanted to cut a mushroom with an axe?Man, do I have the game for you!"
,Not Recommended,296570,34054752,Posted: 6 August,all,5 Bears On Patrol,"Long loading screens for a game that can easily fit into ram, slow movement and animations. Terrible writing. A bad ""chosen one"" story. A gormless main character that is forced upon you. Your characters will fumble like morons. Don't buy unless it's 90% off and you don't value your own time."
76561197990423715,Not Recommended,296570,30043327,Posted: 19 February,all,romulus,"About ten hours into the game, I'm out of food and money, I have uncurable conditions, and the only battles left in this almost entirely non-random game world are impossible. What fun!"
76561198012514261,Not Recommended,296570,33275149,Posted: 5 July,all,Seisho,You can create your own party...only that that party are basically the sidekicks of an character that is forced down your throat
76561197985589039,Not Recommended,296570,13726007,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,WHOOLEE,"Alot of bandwaging going on here with this game.The game actually looks nice, except for the low res world map you walk around in.The problem lays in balance etc, one group is laughingly easy , then suddenly next group is impossible, plus the quests arent laid out good, for example you can not go forwards as you will get beaten badly but no more quests are here or nothing to grind.I see this in alot of indie games like this, they start well but quickly sink into a anoying unbalanced anoying experience."
76561198056682064,Recommended,296570,29957437,Posted: 16 February,all,theskinsurf,I played for a little while I guess.
76561198019531796,Not Recommended,296570,13911866,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,stephen.t.napp,Really annoying game.  I'm old-school and have played CRPGs since SSI's gold box so challenging and hardcore is cool by me.  This is just a frustrating game.  Crappy and no fun.  Skip this crap.
,Not Recommended,296570,32850532,Posted: 27 June,all,Birth1118,"Display isn't right. It runs the full screen mode on a window that takes like 70% of the screen. The cursor is way off. Can't change resolution cuz the accept button is off the screen. The window just remains on top instead of getting minimized. So I can't alt-tab out of it when I'm looking for a solution. Tried everything on the discussion threads, and the developer forum. Just doesn't work."
,Not Recommended,296570,26464720,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Soon It Will Be Cheese,"This game is absolute turd cake. The worst cutscenes. Terrible, repitetive combat mechanics. Art looks gross. Even so, I sank 80 hours of my depressed life into this game. But then i changed computers and it wouldn't fetch my saved games from the cloud? So i have to start over again. Thankfully I bought this on sale but its still not worth the money i paid for it."
76561198101436143,Not Recommended,296570,34895047,Posted: 11 September,all,pursuer2,"I only played it half an hour. Too cumbersome for me to continue:- To move your party you have to keep the arrow buttons pressed, moreover while keeping pushing shift to run (strangely, activating caps lock did not suffice). This means you need both hands at the keyboard. No, there is no ""auto run"" option in the settings.- Also, to rest you need (to buy or gather) food - a concept that has vanished from RPGs many years ago because it does not add anything valuable to gameplay.- At nighttime you need torches or magic, or your screen is going to be pretty dark, which again impacts ease of play for me.Maybe there are strategies to avoid all this impacting gameplay too much, but it demotivated me enough to keep playing."
76561198076251326,Not Recommended,296570,13175968,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,bryan.kroger,"Horrible, just horrible.  Terrible game play and the graphics remind me of the first RPG I played in the late 90's.  I feel like I've been ripped off by this game.  I know this isn't Steam's fault, but I feel like I've been let down, I feel like Steam's quality control process should not allow horrible games like this into the store.The combat system is a joke, the loot mechanics are silly.  The people who made this game should feel bad about what they've done.  Everything about this game feels lazy and ""phoned in"" as if their only intention was dup'ing idiots like me into spending $20 for something I can't return.This has seriously turned me away from purchasing games on Steam.  I think I'm going to stick with dumping my money into mobile games.  The mobile games may be just as much of a scam as this low-rent robbery, but at least they're up front about their scam and their games don't look like highschool grade, first draft garbage.I would not recommend this game to anyone."
76561197994758141,Not Recommended,296570,12959855,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Karl Napf der Abwaschbare,Too punishingly hard to be fun; even on the easiest setting. Didn't enjoy it and gave up very early into the game.
,Not Recommended,296570,11621548,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Emily from Korea,You ever buy something and immediately regret it
,Recommended,296570,13680328,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Digikomori,"If you like wizardry or the old school D&D games (think pre-baldur's gate era), don't like having your hand held, and want to have your♥♥♥♥♥kicked at every turn, then this is the game for you."
76561198013533210,Recommended,296570,26640990,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Senders,"I'm really enjoying this game, though I'm not sure why. The gameplay, story, skills, depth are great. And then theres the combat. The past two nights I've tried to sleep but all I can hear in my mind is, ""Ching!"" as the enemy parries attack after attack. Perhaps the code for landing a successful hit is missing in mine I'm not sure. It's a difficult game I get that, but holy♥♥♥♥♥♥the 70% miss rate make my monitor cringe everytime it hears CHING!Still a fun game, wish there was a respec, but it has enough grip to keep you fighting and grinding for that next level in which you will go, ""Now I will land a hit."" Unfortunately it hasn't happened yet but I will keep grinding, or start again and get a mage."
,Recommended,296570,12983734,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Yiasmat,"(10/10) - MasterpieceI have no clue how they did this.This is the first game of this developer and they somehow managed to surpass any expectation i had for this game.Perfect world, perfect in depth combat-system, awesome dialogs, an interesting world, beautiful art, extreme enemy variety, clever level-design, interesting mechanics and a ton of content.Congratulation, 10 points for no flaws in a brilliant game, making this the only new title on steam with that score.Absolutly impressive."
,Recommended,296570,16141988,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Yoofaloof,"I'm all for unforgiving games, but this one is sadistically so."
76561198068258511,Recommended,296570,16294611,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,KaKaLoV,8.5/10  Very good game !
76561197973803736,Recommended,296570,14375396,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,XDG Stoltz,An absolute blast - difficult but not impossible.   Hearkens back to the days when Might and Magic RPGs were king!  Definitely worth picking up
,Recommended,296570,15113530,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,NECROMANCERFORLIFE,"So after playing the game through i can only recommend it there is no place in this game which is not possible to come by. One can always level on random encounters, you never feel like ok now i just run through the rest of the game. For me this was one of the best rpgs i had lately. Also very good story behind the game."
76561197974493059,Recommended,296570,17373730,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,jgaltx,"Positives:CombatTurn-based combat is well done and uses the melee in the front row and mages, archers, and pole arms in the back row concept (like Might and Magic). Only mages and bards have multi target offensive effects that can hit multiple foes in the front or back lines. Archers and thieves with shuriken can hit front or back lines, but only 1 foe at a time.StoryAs these games go I thought the story was well done and there was an entertaining twist that I didn't expect at the endLengthYou'll definitely get your money's worth, you could easily spend over 100 hours to finish this game. That said it can become a bit of a grind at times, but I always looked forward to playing even with over 100 hours of play time. I definitely recommend it.Neutral:Graphics and SoundGood (for an old-school CRPG) but not great graphics and sound, but you don't play these type of games to show of your $500 video card or sound setup. That said the graphics weren't bad but definitely had a 2000-2005'ish feel to them, and the sound was ok including the voice acting which wasn't bad but went a little high on the cheese factorBad (for some)DifficultyI thought the difficulty on the Veteran level was perfect, but the game can be unforgiving to those new to CRPGs and even for rusty veterans. Many people on the forum have commented on the difficulty level playing on Veteran (and you can play on Hardcore which is even more difficult). There is definitely a significant difference in this game in terms of difficulty if you choose a suboptimal party or don't level your team with the right skills. The game does little to help here, so you'll either need to learn by trial and error restarting a few times until you figure out the right party mix and how to level your skills. I would suggest that you check the forums and online guides to get some ideas on what parties and classes are most useful and which are least useful.I will give the following advice for new players. If you want a party that will do well in the early game and all the way through the end consider the following.Gaulen (axe), Arcane Soldier (sword), Soldier (flail)Thief (bow, shuriken), Cleric (pole), Mage (pole)Make sure to get 10 levels of Power and Wound attack for the Soldier and at least 8 levels of Fire/Frost attack for the Arcane Soldier. Get 5 levels of Blizzard early for the Mage to give your group some early AOE. Get the Brittle Armor spell late in the game for the Mage. Get Mass Regen for the cleric (it's OP)."
76561197999356538,Recommended,296570,16257504,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,MattStriker,"If you want something that'll take you back to the glory days of Might & Magic and Wizardry, you could do a lot worse than this.It's not a particularly deep game, but that's not the point. It's a nostalgia trip and it works pretty damn well on that front.So yes, if that is what you're looking for (and if you're going through the reviews for this game it's pretty likely that you are), I can definitely recommend this game.Pros:+ The world is pretty damn big and exploring it is fun.+ Different classes really dofeelvery different in how they work in your party, and none of them feel like you wasted a character slot.+ Good music.+ Good amount of variety in enemies, gear and so on.Cons:-  Flat main character, flat NPCs. Characterization isnotthis game's strong point.-  Combat can be a little too luck-based at times. The same boss battle can be an instant wipe one time and an easy win another. Expect to do a lot of reloading.- Some very exploitable mechanics.- Simplistic plot with very predictable twists."
,Recommended,296570,15054222,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,SpellDamage,"Love the game, hate the portraits.In a future-released version, will you all please, please, please add a script that will allow purchasers to do so?If so, It should take you about fiften minutes.An almost-30 year-old Ultima lover hanking you so, so much,<---------"
76561198013020221,Recommended,296570,15093643,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Kjas,I have not finished it but so far I would describe it as an old school RPG with modern graphics. I like it.
76561198000405318,Recommended,296570,14363565,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Dingleberry,"It would be hard to explain how much I've enjoyed my 17 hours (in just a few days!) with this game. The graphics are good enough, it hasn't crashed once, and the combat system is positively wonderful. At first you feel like your party will never be able to kill anything of importance and little by little the party comes together to form a well-oiled fighting machine. The contextual help built into the game (just hover your mouse over anything) is a welcome change from the 90s era games that lacked such things. Well worth the asking price and definitely more fun than a lot of AAA titles I've purchased over the years."
76561198017586932,Recommended,296570,14504628,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,temazur,"It's hard, but worth it.  I love the interface, the story is good (kind of generic fantasy, but that isn't a bad thing at all) and the game play is intuitive.  Totally worth the price.  I'm only 6 hours or so into it and completely hooked.  It makes me want to go back and play some old Might and Magic.I am definitely looking forward to more games from these guys."
76561198022730251,Recommended,296570,14508861,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,ho_bean22,"So I just finished the game last night, and I was sorely disappointed in the ending of the game. Through the entire game I was faced with challenges and puzzles, only to be presented with a horrible ending as that. Hopefully some free dlc will be available to finish this story."
76561198025069243,Recommended,296570,14143746,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Arcar,"For all Might & Magic fans, this game is really great. I heartly recommand it !"
