user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198294715378,Recommended,296550,32077480,Posted: 30 May,all,BladeDraconis,"This is one of my favorite games for 2017 (yes, I know it came out in 2015 but I just got to play it)! I'm honestly surprised it doesn't have more reviews. I play so many overly complex puzzle games where nothing ever makes sense or you have to stare at the screen for an hour just to progress further. Niko is not one of those games - it's extremely refreshing. I agree that puzzle mechanic is relatively simple but it's only because everything just makes perfect sense - it's so well put together! Many levels took my breath away with how clever and beautiful they were.Only cons with the game were the jumping controls (I would mostly overjump or not jump far enough) and lack of frequent save points.Other than that, I highly recommend Niko to everyone. This game is also a great starting point for anyone who wishes to learn puzzle mechanic or become a better puzzle solver."
76561198022820771,Not Recommended,296550,20795288,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,SocioPsycho,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GeZBO72cD8IThis is a summary of my review video, which I encourage you to watch if you are looking for a more in-depth review.Niko Through the dream proclaims itself to be a first person adventure experience with a puzzle element, but that's not exactly true; there is a lot- A LOT- of platforming throughout this game. I would say 40-60% of the game is platforming; a staggering amount considering there was no mention of platfomring on the games various pages.The story of the game is supposed to be a narrative experience in a puzzle elemented world; but the narration is not told through vocalization or words, rather relying heavily on the 'dream world' element. It does not do a good job of providing a feeling of connection or emotional suspense. Information about the character and her story is told very abstractly, leaving much to the imagination. I never was able to understand why she was having issues, or even what they were.How you experience a world through the level design is tied directly into how you enjoy the world, and understand what is happening. Unfortunately instead of walking you through the mechanics one at a time in order to then progress to a more difficult 'puzzle' (platforming element), they are mixed up in difficulty in a nonsensical way. Mechanics are introduced with no warning or time to learn how to use them, instead you are being chased or in a time crunch with no idea how to use the tools you are given. Because you have no clue what to do or no time to figure it out, you have to progress by failure; swimming through tubes without a breath bar, falling off of ledges continuously in order to get a jump perfectly, dying over and over again in order to accomplish the goal. It's not about just figuring out what you need to do, but understanding how to use those mechanics throughout the design. Dying over and over again due to failure in design takes away from the connection to the game, and just adds to the frustration.The game overall is very lackluster. It doesn't respect your time. The story is vague, and the game drags on with childish puzzles and platforming elements that require many deaths to get through. I cannot recommend this game for it's standing price. If you would like more details on my comments, please watch the video review.Thanks for your viewership and support; for more videos click here.https://www.youtube.com/c/SocioPsycho"
76561197970678032,Recommended,296550,17099278,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,kpmop,"So, it appears to be first person puzzle game set in a weird minimalistic 3-d environment. It starts off with a hand drawn cartoon (not sure what was going on, but hey) before dropping you into the first area. There are no instructions as to what to do, but if you move around (the usual WASD / space) *look* at things and activate things (E), it becomes obvious, though it might take a couple of attempts. The puzzles (so far) have been quite easy to solve, but equally quite satisfying - all (so far) things you'll likely have come across before (pressing buttons in the right order, lining things up, a bit of platforming...) and there are clues as to what to do. There's also some nice sparse background music which adds to the atmosphere & the general surreal feel of it all.A couple of gripes though - if you hit escape during play, you're presented with some pretty unhelpful menu/symbols one of which just closes the game down without warning (though in hindsight, it does look a bit exit-y). Also there's a bit of 'precision' first person jumping required which I find annoying - the controls are a bit skittish, which isn't helpful when you 10 levels up in the air...Apart from that, highly recommended!(Also - a free hint - if you're underwater and hear your heartbeat getting louder, you're about to drown! )"
,Not Recommended,296550,31442347,Posted: 29 April,all,edderiofer,"I boughtNiko: Through The Dreampartially because of its art style, but more because it was being billed as a puzzle game.As a work of minimalist art,Niko: Through The Dreammay well be among the top 10% of games on Steam (though I suppose that's not saying much with con-artists like Digital Homicide on the loose). As a puzzle game, however, Niko not only falls short of the mark, but it drops the arrows before even drawing back the bowstring.As you'll note, I've only played 35 minutes of this game. Those 35 minutes were enough to tell me that the developer doesn't seem to know very much about puzzle design. Let me spoil the first three levels for you (apparently the developer's packed the game with a good 18 of them, so I should think this to be acceptable spoiler-wise).First, a few technical notes. Apparently, the resolution in the config tool is the resolution of the *window* containing the game, and the resolution in-game is the resolution the game runs at. Tabbing out doesn't pause the game (I think this is a quirk of Unreal), unlike Unity games. Apparently people have some trouble with save files, and there isn't a level select menu, but I'll be damned if I'm opening up the game again. One thing I will note is that it hasn't overheated my computer (unlike some 3D-, even a few 2D-games), so at least it's optimized reasonably well.Anyway, having gotten somewhat annoyed at the resolution fiasco that I had when I initially started up the game, I entered the first level. I immediately noted that the walking speed was very slow, and combined with the lack of a ""run"" button, this indeed is a ""walking simulator"". Slow walking in video games tends to annoy me, due to the fact that I only have so much time in my life, and putting a slow walk when you could up the walking speed is literally just wasting the player's time.But puzzles. The first level contains two puzzles; the first one involves looking around the map to find four symbols, and their order. These symbols are etched onto four stones, each one having either one to four markers below it. However, each marker has a different orientation, but the orientation is irrelevant to the actual puzzle. Apparently the puzzle creator likes red herrings?Having found these four symbols, I proceeded to four buttons that were in a row, in the corresponding order. But the annoying thing is that these four symbols were *just* far enough apart that I had to move the character to click each one. This annoyance could easily have been solved by putting the buttons closer together or by increasing the range of interaction of the character.The second puzzle in the level is somewhat akin to a simplified Rubik's Cube. No real complaints here, actuallyBetween the second level's start and the puzzle, there is a really long path that you have to walk down at the snail's pace that you walk, for apparently no reason at all other than to pad out the game, just like how I'm adding irrelevant information to this particular sentence in the review just to pad it out. Not evenFlow Match(sorry, ""Soko"" Match) or Rolling Shapes did this!But anyway, the second level's puzzle? A maze. Mazes are solvable in log-time, so I don't at all consider these puzzles. But it gets worse; you can actually circumvent this maze by just walking on the thin ledge around the maze, and get to the exit.Suppose, however that you do decide to enter the maze like I did. You can't reach the exit that easily, because the gamedev put in what can best be described as ""slot machines"" in the maze with spinning wheels with symbols on them. You have to input the symbols into the machine by stopping each wheel when the correct symbol lines up with the small circle on each one.I say ""correct"" because each slot machine requires a different combination of symbols. Which is fed to you right on the adjacent wall.So in short, this isn't even a puzzle. It's literally a skill test considering the speed at which the wheels spin. And you have to do this with three different machines, in sequence.And when you do exit the maze and see the level exit, you might just walk towards it... and fall to your doom because you didn't think to jump over that tiny little gap. So you have to do the whole level all over again. Something tells me this game wasn't playtested.The third level involves lots of water and resurfacing for air. The only thing I would call a puzzle in this level is underwater, really large, and easy, and is made much more annoying by the fact that you have to keep resurfacing for air halfway through solving. Then after this, there's a section where you have to pull four levers and spin a wheel three times all without resurfacing, because the first lever raises the water level to remove the air in the chamber. You can't un-pull the first lever after it's pulled, dying from lack of air just restarts you a long way away, and the fact that you can't even descend directly downwards in a narrow passage makes it seem like there's not enough time to get to the wheel to turn it three times. This is where I gave up, as there was no feedback of ""you can't un-pull this lever"" when I tried it (making me think I hadn't aligned the reticle correctly).With regards to art, I do like the minimalist surrealist style (though it doesn't appeal to me quite as much as, say,Lemma (demo)orMind: Path to Thalamus). There are drawings on some walls that seem to reveal some sort of a narrative about a child growing up and falling off a cliff, but given that I gave up during the third level, I honestly can't say more about this.I'm a staunch believer in gameplay before aesthetics, and this sort of game is why. Nobody is going to care about your game's narrative if they give up playing because the gameplay is too annoying. Get the gameplay right first, THEN you can think about making your game pretty!In short, a very much un-playtested piece of art masquerading as a puzzle game. For the price of 7 GBP? Not worth it at all; I would hesitate to even play this for free. While this game is no Flow Match or Rolling Shapes and doesn't deserve a place in my ""POS"" category, you will get much, MUCH more enjoyment for the same price from Linelight, another minimalist puzzler with abstract narrative, instead."
,Recommended,296550,20038400,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Lawlcat,"The puzzles aren't terribly difficult, but some of them are interesting enough and give the ""A-ha!"" moment. Narrative was a bit pretentious and even after finishing I still don't think I understand what the game was really about...But it was an entertaining couple of hours and was worth the sale price."
,Recommended,296550,17099474,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,BEARDSMEARD,If my brain could be anymore stimulated after playing Niko: Through The Dream I'd have to change pants.The sole reason why I picked up this game was to find a casual puzzle game that was more in tune with experiencing the puzzles and thinking outside of the box - and this game surely delivers. The music is beautiful and matches the emotions that Niko is going through - which also makes you empathize with her story.The graphics are run with the Unreal Engine to really make those colors pop out at you like a little kid jacked up on sugar. The white/pale backgrounds are always a contrast to the colorful puzzle elements which makes it not only helpful but also simply beautiful.The whole game so far really makes me calm and it clears my mind to solve the variety of unconventional puzzles.Should you buy?YesWhy you should you buy it?YesWhen you should buy it?YesWant to watch some gameplay?https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NSAZtylmAYU
,Recommended,296550,18883396,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Gargaj,The visuals and atmosphere and uniqueness make up for the occasional dodgy platforming controls and unintuitive puzzles.
,Recommended,296550,18211579,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,TheyCallMeMusti,"Lovely one evening puzzle game that keeps you going,While its true that puzzles arent too hard, they are tricky enough to keep you interested and since no puzzle is recycled in game, it keeps you going and guessing whats to come.art style is really pretty in games and in ""cutscenes""With pricetag being so low for 5-6h game, its hard to find anything bad to say."
,Recommended,296550,17155688,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Vuze,"Since I really enjoy first person puzzle games and was intrigued by the artstyle I decided to purchase Niko: Through The Dream at launch and just finished all chapters after about 5 1/2 hours of gameplay. The puzzles are easy but quite enjoyable; unfortunately the developer decided to put more and more emphasis on platforming elements towards the end of the game which don't work out too well. Playing with keyboard and mouse, I felt the controls were too wobbly and it took me more attempts than it should have to solve the rather simple platforming segments.There's also a severe lack of visual settings. The developer offers ini-workarounds in the Steam discussion board for FOV, arbitrary resolutions and some other important settings but I feel it shouldn't be hard to include these in the in-game menu. Apart from that, the game's performance was flawless as expected (1440p, GTX 970, i5 4570).Despite the aforementioned shortcomings, the audio-visual presentation and the majority of puzzles are still highly enjoyable and make Niko:  Through The Dream a pleasant experience for two or three relaxing sessions. Very well worth it for the low asking price."
76561198028146044,Recommended,296550,21289446,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,bigblue,"This might be among the most underrated games I have ever played. Clearly the work of developers who had great ideas, and put them together with care. Deserves much more recognition, especially in the genre of First Puzzle Platformers.The environments look beautiful, and the soundtrack has many soothing beautiful tunes that in general match the ethereal feeling of the surroundings. The animations might look simplistic, but in no way this hinders the game, or robs it of the soul it has. If anything it seems to show the care the developers had even more. The game is very honest, not pretentious, and that won me over the more I played it, even if I was skeptical about the opening custecene, at first.Usually games of this genre seem to explore a few mechanics on a large number of puzzles with small variations. This game felt a bit like the opposite, A very large number of mechanics and different patterns scattered in groups of very few, if not unique puzzles that never quite repeated. For me that personally was great, as the game felt like a fun exploration and the experiences always felt fresh. Only two or three puzzles seemed badly designed or ""unfair"", but that was ok as they were very brief and not repeated exaustively throughout the game.I think this game belongs with Antichamber, Portal, The Talos Principle, The Witness, and any other First Person Puzzle games, even if it is in some ways more modest (and this is not something bad or to be held against it). It's sad to think a great game like this might not get the recognition it deserves."
,Recommended,296550,17341545,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Jakebob-Smegheneghan,"An intriguing game. A friend showed me some of the game, and it looked rather neat - a puzzle game with platforming interludes, and story that's shown, not told. A lot of it's up to interpretation, so you can take as much or as little as you want from what you see. The hidden scenes and items rewards thorough exploration and expert execution of gameplay; however, some are a bit rude in that reaching them involves doing things that ultimately gets you stuck and requires that you jump off the level to respawn at the last checkpoint.Gameplay-wise, barely anything is repeated to the point where you feel like you're going through the motions. There's nothing that's done only once in the level, but there's nothing that's re-used in later levels with an irritating twist (ie time limits). Every level holds a new challenge, so you're unlikely to get bored.The puzzles start out simple, and sometimes have a hint to the solution in plain sight (though you might not register it at first); at other times, they can be rather difficult to conquer, to the point where you'd be tempted to look up a solution. Some of those puzzles guard unlockables, but others guard the way forward, so it can become a bit frustrating. The platforming is the sort of thing you'd expect from something built in Unreal Engine; some sections can be rather difficult to surpass because of finicky jumping mechanics, whilst others are a breeze in comparison.The graphics are freaking amazing. Lots of eerie backgdrops and landscapes that range from bright and cheery islands to darkened tunnels lit only by glowing mushrooms, distant lights, and the eyes of creatures looking to swallow you whole. It's all thematic, of course - going along with the story, everything is representative of something involving the story being told. Which doesn't stop the game from looking quite wonderful.The music is quite nice as well - going along well with the themes of the levels, occasionally bringing me back to games I'd played before with the way instruments were used. Going through a factory level, the music reminded me of the old Crash Bandicoot games on the PS1. It, too, plays into the story, though more for setting the tone than anything.In the time I watched it played by a friend, and in my time playing it, the game only glitched out once - the time I was watching my friend play, a platforming section bugged out and became unwinnable due to a platform reversing its solid state; this was fixed with a reload of the map. The rest of the game was bug-free, which is to be expected.It's not got a long run-time, but that means you can dedicate a day to sitting down, playing through the game to completion, then finishing it with 100% achievements.It's definitely worth the low price that the developers are asking for the game, so I highly recommend giving it a look!"
,Recommended,296550,17119573,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,-Chez-,"Niko: Through The Dream is an excellent example of developer creativity and passion. The game itself is extremely enjoyable to play, as the puzzles involve a large variety of different tasks. One puzzle might deal with colors and colormixing, while another deals with sounds and memorization. The best part is that you aren't sure what to do with each puzzle, and you aren't told how to solve them. You aren't shown what any of the objects in the game do, either, so you're on your own to figure out their purpose and how they work. The puzzles aren't easy, but they're not too hard that you're stuck on one for hours at a time. It's a perfect blend between difficulty and simplicity.The atmosphere of the game is astounding. It's very simple, but very beautiful. The lighting and skyboxes are really impressive for an indie title, probably my favorite atmosphere in any indie game.Each area has it's own unique twist that defies logic in it's own way, whether it be floating islands, impossible structures, or insane contraptions that wouldn't exist in the real world.The story is told through puzzles and sketches (not a narrator), and is easily open for interpretation. One of the most enjoyable ways to be told a story, in my opinion.Niko: Through The Dream is a puzzle game that really nails the idea of creativity and imagination. It's one of my all time favorite puzzle games, right up there with the Portal series. I recommend this game to anybody looking for a great puzzle game.With it's wonderful aesthetics and atmosphere, to it's complex puzzles and incredible story telling, this game is easily...an 8.5/10"
,Recommended,296550,17243552,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,jaro.pivarci,"Great game byt horrible saving!!! Very dreamy, original, inventive, great sound track. It sligthly reminds me Naissance, love these kind of clean design games."
76561198121007194,Recommended,296550,29004963,Posted: 4 January,all,Applesauce,- Pretty good- Pretty short game- Fairly simple puzzles- Simple graphics but still quite good looking.The only bad thing for me was sometimes knowing how to manipulate an object in a puzzle wasn't introduced very well and so the only challenge in some puzzles was figuring out which keyboard or mouse button to press.If you like adventure puzzles like Talos you would probably like this.
76561198069602281,Recommended,296550,21958425,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Anjo,"I liked the atmosphere and music in this game.  The beginning was particularly imaginative.  I had hoped that this  game was more rich in puzzles and atmosphere than in platforming, but the platforming became very irritating as the game progressed, and I do not have great skills in that direction.  There was no indication when I bought the game that there was a strong platforming element. I think this should be included amongst the description tags.Having said all that, some gamers may well find this game very worthwhile.  I only wish I had the ability to complete it, because it is very beautiful."
,Not Recommended,296550,31469980,Posted: 30 April,all,Gaming.Master,"Puzzle game, with amazing atmospheres and smart puzzling ideas, but very weak mechanic, and poor game play."
,Recommended,296550,17161074,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Frank Shorty,"I just started this one up, decided to record some real quick and now it is the only thing I want to play all day! This is such an amazing game so far! That intro is, in my humble opinion, one of the best intro's I have seen in a long time! It makes me feel like I am watching a Japanese anime movie like Miyazaki's Princess Mononoke and then I get to actually take part in it!BEST THING EVER!Made a video of me playing the first 15 minutes or so. Be warned, there is a lot of squealing there..https://youtu.be/Fmp9ZKFQBao"
,Recommended,296550,17143851,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Rye Roen,I played through the entire game and loved it. This game NEEDS more recognition.
,Not Recommended,296550,31429223,Posted: 28 April,all,Frostbite,"1. Art is intentionally bad. Intentionally bad art is still bad.2. There are death traps and the controls are terrible. That's not a puzzle, that's not platforming, that's just a ♥♥♥♥ing horrible idea.3. Invisible walls instead of spending 5 minutes making a wall 2 feet longer.4. Puzzles as far as I got (not far, death traps are pretty damn early) were just simply boring.Starts with memorising some 4 symbols. Next up, walk across a bridge for 2 hours. Now watch out, you might fall trying to explore around this spooky mysterious portal.Now there's a maze. There's nothing difficult about this maze, you just have to wander for 30 seconds to find the ""puzzle"" The puzzle isn't a puzzle, it's looking at a symbol and then making a fast spinning ring on a giant egg stop on that symbol. It's artificial difficulty, ♥♥♥♥ off honestly.Compared to a game like The Witness where I was just too lazy and/or dumb to finish puzzles, this is like playing 1 dimensional checkers."
76561198065804203,Recommended,296550,21990801,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,DALOS,"This is definantly a game to get when your board.Nilo is as it says, a puzzle game. In that respect i'd say it's done pretty well. There's alot of different puzzles in it for sure.The story is still something I'm trying to figure out, it's one of those games where there is little to no talking and alot of it come in the form of secrets you have to activly search forAt first glance the game looks uninteresting and lacking in detail, I say it's not about the detail, it's about how much you use it. The game knows how to build atmosphire pretty well, this in mostly because of the music and ambiance.There are some things I have to critisize though, the intro cinematic feels way too long, and there are times where your inability to walk slow definitely tests your patience, but over all, I'd say this game is just shy of 8/10 and I'd say it's worth your money."
76561198013274120,Not Recommended,296550,17115619,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,redherring,"The puzzles are creative but not that hard. The game soon becomes more interested in increasing the level of difficulty for platforming rather than puzzle solving. I use the old fashioned keyboard and mouse and have found that the game penalizes you for that during the platform sections. This starts to be obnoxious the further you go and their are no saves. I have played many platformers advertised as such, this one advertises itself as a puzzle game. It is more platform than logic puzzles. Can't really recommend based upon my experience and the developers description. Good idea here but it tries too hard to be something everyone will find entertaining. Some people may enjoy it but I personally found it to be a decent puzzle game encumbered by poor platforming  mechanics and therefore can not give it a nod. 5/10."
,Not Recommended,296550,33869767,Posted: 28 July,all,huPo,"I got my first negative impression about the game just after starting it and noticing there's no sound options at all. Next up was some pencil-drawn intro that seemed to take forever. I couldn't bear watching the intro as it was painfully slow paced, so I skipped it and most likely due to it I have no idea what the game's story is about. If there is any. As I'm playing this at night time, the all-white scenery started to stress my eyes very fast.No idea what I was supposed to do, after walking around for a while, I figured out how to progress in the game, only to find hte puzzles ...boring. I went on trough like 3 problems and grew very tired on the very slow paced walking. It's like the game is walking simulator without any scenery to look at.I had enough after just few minutes of playing it. I don't know if it's getting better by the end, but for me it's definitely not worth the full price I paid for it so I'm asking for refund. I might give it another shot MAYBE some day if it becomes -90% and I have full set of beer and drugs to numb my brains on the same level of apathy as the game offers."
,Not Recommended,296550,17425158,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Mortiis,"I've played the game for about 20 minutes and decided to refund it. Below are the reasons.You can't skip cutscenes. I'm okay with the story cutscenes but the camera goes into cutscene mode where it shows the results of your interaction with a puzzle for example. You can't skip those, even when what it shows is very obvious. After the 10th time it becomes a bit boring.At one point I kept pressing W on my keyboard while a cutscene was playing, after the cutscene was done I was looking against a wall, sliding. I guess the game still accepts the input and moves the player while a cutscene is playing.Only options in the game settings are screen resolution and Vsync. You can't even mute the music or change controls.You can't save the game, it has checkpoints. I wanted to mute the music before I knew it wasn't possible, I was halfway done with a puzzle in a scene, paused the game, the three buttons on the pause menu are icons, they contain no text. So I clicked on one which looked like settings to me, turns out it's main menu, had to continue the game from the last checkpoint, which is the start of the scene. Game has no checkpoints on multiple step puzzles I guess.Lightmapping is of low quality. Either very compressed or low resolution.Movement felt a bit too smooth to me, it could be more precise. But it's a personal preference."
,Not Recommended,296550,17464543,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Rogther,"First of all i wanna say that i didnt finish the game because i just cant.Once i reached the ""winter level"" where you have like 5 parkours and a maze, i just stayed like 40 minutes trying to do it. But, at least with keyboard and mouse, its NOT possible. A simple ""jump + tap W"" will send you like 5 or 6 blocks away when trying to get on one of those block plattforms. I had moments when i spent like 2 minutes just holding W while jumping and not being able to get over it, and when i finally did, i fell to the ground and had to start again.Thats my main reason why i think that this game shouldnt be bought, appart from that, we could talk about the lack of options on the options menu.The rest of the game is a pretty fine combination of art and relaxing music. But i totally forgot about it when i got stuck in this ""winter"" level."
76561198001251133,Not Recommended,296550,17099275,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Sledge Hammer!,"Pretty, but amateurish. The hand drawn animation that starts the game looks like it was made by a 10 year old. Almost none of the settings are configurable, including mapping buttons, so you'll be moving around the maps using arrow keys like you're playing on a Commodore 64. Don't bother complaining in the forums about the game's shortcomings, the developer just deletes the posts without responding and bans you from the forum for pointing out problems with the game. I'll be requesting my refund from Steam.tl;dr - Niko: Through The Dream is a waste of money."
76561198139693290,Recommended,296550,18577878,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,pammelitextex,I love this game.  Not going to lie this game need a second gome omg everything is just so beautiful and the music is so relaxing I just love this game so much
,Recommended,296550,28195232,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Zaros Nozara,"Pros: The game is gorgeous.There are some interesting concepts for a puzzle game.Mixed: It feels like a game that someone may want to speedrun if you are into that.Cons: The puzzles aren't really hard, with the exception of Niko's secret.The puzzles aren't really puzzles rather two relatable things.Unlike advertised, there isn't much of a story.Overall: 3/5"
