user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,296710,15919800,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Haven92,"Horror is my favorite game genre because it invokes so much emotion.  Unlike a horror movie, if there is something you don't like you can't just look away and pretend the threat isn't there.  In a horror video game you need to act or else you will die.  This is true for any horror game, but I think it is the most true for Monstrum.  Why?  Well for a few big reasons:1)  The environment is random every time you play.  Because of this, you feel lost every time and you need to build an incredibly vague map in your head on where you have already been and where you need to go next.  It's like the worst scavenger hunt you can imagine yourself being in.  It's a frickin nightmare.2)  The monster is chosen randomly each time.  The beginning of each new game is always terrifying because you have no idea what is after you until it gets close.  Each monster is terrifying in it's own way.  They are either loud and terrifying to look at, or really fast and hard to see.  Each monster is scary in their own unique way, making each experience fresh.   When you get seen you need to make extremely quick decisions on where and when you should hide.3)  The monsters don't f**k around.  You have to run as soon as they see you.  LIKE RIGHT WHEN IT HAPPENS you better have a finger on the shift key and hauling♥♥♥♥♥out of there.Basically, this game takes what is consistently scary (the unknown)  and puts it into every aspect of the game.  Unknown layout, unknown item placement, and unknown enemy and turns it into a great experience.  I still have yet to beat the game after all this time, and I actually love that about it.  It should be this hard.  It should make you feel like the terror is greater than your courage.The terror is smarter than you.  The terror is better than you.  But you are going to do everything you can to fight it and escape.This is the best horror game on Steam hands down and well worth the price.  Get it."
76561198000804384,Recommended,296710,15922009,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Keshy,"Here's a brief summary of my first 3 playthroughs, since  you can find comparisons and pros/cons all over the place.1st: While exploring a room, began to hear noises very close by. After sitting for several minutes, and not wanting to seem like a wimp infront of my girlfriend, I opened the rusty iron door infront of me. Immedietely upon looking left some purple phantasm sucked the life of of my while I screamed like a girl. Mission failed.2nd: After once again hearing a monster whilst in a room, I determined the noise was above me, and leisurely walked out into the hallway. Two seconds later I began second guessing myself and made for a dead sprint, only to run straight into a huge red glowing thing that hugged me to death. Screamed like a wimp for the second time.3rd: Having smartened up, I finally decided hiding when monsters were nearby was the best tactic. After opening a door and seeing a thin, translucent skeleton down the hall, I quickly closed the door then got down and crawled under a bed. ""Surely my superior wit will save me this time!"" I thought, only to watch as the creature entered the room and proceeded to drag me, kicking and screaming, out from under the bed.Overall, 10/10.Will continue screaming like a wimp infront of gf."
76561198035370729,Recommended,296710,16246537,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Raziel,"Loving this game at the moment. A very good cat-and-mouse horror game. It feels fresh each time you play due to the random layouts and starting each session not knowing which monster is after you.It's let down by a few glitches and the occasional unfair death. It would really benefit from allowing you to save your sessions, as playing for 1 and a half hours only to get stuck in a set of drawers and with no save point to revert to...But overall a worthy buy, much better than a lot of indie horror games on the market currently."
,Recommended,296710,16412632,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Thanadrax💜,"I guess, that scarier than this game could be only being on this ship in real life.10 AAAAAAAAAARGHHHHH / 10Okay, so. What is this game, and why you have to buy it? (ofc if you like horrors)PROSCons ;cAbsolutely full random generation, except few rooms. Random type of monster, random cargo, random objective, random everythingLong loading, WOT A BIG CON THO :OAwesome, breathtaking OST which would keep you nervous, nice ambient (sadly some sounds are not ambient, but real sounds of coming monster ;_;Sometimes, game can freeze few times, i guess it's about generation, so it's not that big con, but still sometimes annoying, especially when monster found youLots of effort about this game, devs are really cool people. You can find a proof of it just by checking out, how wonderful they did endings ^_^Sometimes when you are quitting the game, it could crash with errors about resolution, but honestly i've seen it only oncePerfect atmosphere. Just, perfect.RARELY, monster can stuck. But, sometimes it may scare you even more, when you are finding him escaped..Would recommend this game to everyone with iron nerves, just amazing."
,Recommended,296710,19339392,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,SHITBIRD 2000,"I rarely play these kinds of Horror games, simply because I'm a huge baby.. I jumped into this not knowing really anything and I have to say that I'm quite unsure wether to recommend or not recommend this game.The ""Story"" ís pretty generic and almost nonexistent.Game starts with you, the player, waking up in a spooky, abandoned cargo ship.Once you realize that the ship is inhabited by some weird monsters straight from some Sci-Fi flick, you try to find your way out of the ship.The gameplay basically works like the good ol' ""Slender: The Eight Pages"", you try to collect items from broken vehicles of three options, Helicopter, Submarine and Life Raft.. Once you've fixed up one of these vehicles mentioned before, you survive and the game's over.It sounds pretty dull doesn't it ? In the games defense I'd like to state that the AI for these monsters is quite amazing. There's 3 different kind of monsters and each time you start a new game or die, the monster might be a different one.. Same goes with the map, you're in a similar kind of cargo ship but the rooms are placed differently etc. It's all meant to give the game some replay value and giving you a feel that there's something new you haven't experienced yet...Anyway, back to the monsters. Each monster works quite differently, The Brute is a massive, glowy fire monster that can smash through doors and is the fastest monster out of those three. Then there's The Fiend who floats around hunting for the player, he can also warp from place to place, use telekinetic powers on the player slowing him down etc. and is the most intelligent monster of the three.And for last there's The Hunter, skinny, tall and skeletal figure who looks like a god*amn jellyfish. He hunts for the player using the ventilation shafts to his advantage, he can also lay eggs that he can burst out from to ambush the player.Overall as you can see the monsters all work and look very different from each other. The devs did a fine work on them.To add one more pro in the games defense I'd like to say that the sound design is absolutely phenomenal.. As I was hiding in a closet from The Brute I could hear him walking around, stomping his feet against the metallic floor. The sound of him roaring and the stomping sound caused by his walking sent shivers down my spine.I have to say though, despite all these cool mechanics, the game does feel like it could've used more content.There's just not enough to do.. I've played it for 2 hours and I already feel like I've done everything there is to do.Sure you can collect logs and notes but that'll only keep you busy for a while. There just isn't enough replay value despite there being all the different monsters and map changing every time you start again.. It still feels the same.The objective is exactly the same and I wish there was more to do.Playing with a controller was also quite painful, mentally I mean.. looking around with the thumbsticks is very clunky.I personally recommend playing with mouse & keyboard.I also got stuck running away from these monstrosities quite often, which was quite the annoyance.Taking the price of the game into account I think it's a pretty good deal especially if you're getting it on sale.If you're looking for a good horror game with a story, this isn't the game for you..But if you love jumpscares and the Slender like games then this definitely is the one for you.It's certainly one of the better Indie horror titles here on Steam!I'd suggest you pick it up if you're in the mood to wet your pants and you find it on sale.I rate :5.75 / 10.00"
,Recommended,296710,14360332,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Glen Chico,"The most unpleasent 30 minutes of my life. Spent most of it hiding under a desk. Eventually got outside, thought I heard the monster coming, so I set myself free by leaping off the side of the ship. A definite thumbs up. No bugs so far and perfectly playable. Early access done right. Though I will say that looking around when playing with a controller is a bit wonky even after tweeking the sensativity.  If you're feeling that The Most Dangerous Game kind of vibe you've got a pretty much fully realized product."
76561198263852477,Recommended,296710,32037210,Posted: 29 May,all,Locotoperus,"Ahh, Monstrum. Has been a long time my darling! How have you bee- *dies*Monstrum is a very peculiar horror game. It has a unique setting, interesting and terrifying Monsters, and some hilarious bugs and glitches to expl- wait, oh ♥♥♥♥, they fixed those.♥♥♥♥♥♥What is Monstrum?Monstrum is an indie horror game. It follows the player waking up in a very cramped room on either the upper decks or the lower decks of an abandoned cargo ship. You must find the equipment required to repair one of the three escape routes and get off the ship. There's just one problem. You're not alone.Graphics and SoundsMonstrum is a nice enough looking game. The graphics, while dated, keep the atmosphere very tense. The ship has clearly seen some action, and there is a fair amount of wear around it. Rust, mould, and other forms of age really hammer home that good old horror feel. It sets the premise right up for a good old scare-fest. The graphics don't have many options to go with them though, and if you want to really run them well you'll need a fairly tanky PC. It's nowhere near as demanding as other horror games, but you'll still need a fairly stable rig.For any horror game to be good, it needs, NEEDS, to have good sound design. Thankfully for Monstrum, the sound is pretty damn great. The creaking of the ship, the gentle lull of the waves lapping against the hull, the sound of your face being devoured by a Xenomorph-esque entity, they all sound very high quality. But they are also damn near essential if you want to survive in this game for more than 5 minutes. Listening out for a monster is the best way to prepare for it. And of course, it lets you have a much nicer experience when the music of a predator plays and you know you've got to vacate the area now.The GameplaySo, how does Monstrum play out? Well, the game throws you into a small room with a flashlight, a fuse, and a lighter/glow stick. There is also a random Monster which will give you company on your gameplay journey. We'll get to those in a moment. You have to try and escape the ship by collecting items to repair/refuel either a life raft, a helicopter, or a submarine. You need to find these items scattered across the ship and get away ASAP. If you die, you die. You lose all your stuff, all your progress, and are sent back to the beginning. Which isn't all that bad, until you notice that the ships layout has been changed and there is a different monster on board.The MonstersThere are three monsters (as of this time, there are however stories of a fourth one being added sometime), which are the following;The BruteThe 'mascot' of Monstrum. This dude is big, fast, and very, very strong. Like a Charger from Left4Dead, this thing will stomp around the ship searching for you. However, he's very heavy, so his footsteps are extremely audible, and he is also remarkably stupid. Oh yeah, and his face is also a torch, emitting a nice little orange glow in front of him wherever he goes.The HunterThe knock off Xenomorph. Ok, not really, but they are fairly similar in both appearance and behaviour. She (yes, its a she) likes to climb through vents and scare the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you the second you make any noise near vents. It also seems to be very wet all of the time, making squishy footsteps wherever it goes. Oh yeah, it can also 'lay' these egg sacks that it can crawl out of the second you walk past them. On the bright side, she is very slow and weak to almost every form of self-defence in the game!The Fiend♥♥♥♥ this thing. Just, ♥♥♥♥ it. This piece of sh- ok, I'll calm down. This 'monster' is more of an alien to me. It loves to mess with electricity, specifically the lights, causing them to flicker when it's nearby and stop working completely when it's next to them. Oh yeah, it also levitates. And it has telekinetic powers which can shut nearby doors and give you nosebleeds. And since it levitates, it doesn't make any footstep noise. Arguably the most difficult monster to deal with, this creature will make you flip your♥♥♥♥♥♥when it kills you for the 5th time.Glitches and BugsLook up Monstrum funny moments on Youtube and most of the videos will involve exploiting glitches and bugs. While the most recent update removed most of these, some are still present. While hilarious at times, these can ruin the mood of the game at times. If you spot a bug, make sure to report it to the forums. Though judging by the update rate of this game, it'll probably be fixed in about a year or so.The Problems (like, gameplay-wise)The game doesn't remain scary for all that long. More than anything, it gets very annoying and frustrating at times. Being killed over and over can really ruin the feel of the game. It becomes more of a chore, and eventually you might just give up. Also, while the randomized maps and different monsters add a fair amount of replay ability, it will eventually become boring. After I got all the achievements and beat the game around 20 times, it just got really dull. I quit for a year or two and I'm deciding to give it another shot.Another problem with the game is that the monsters have a homing beacon on you. They will always, ALWAYS, be in the same area as you. Even if you leave them at one end of the ship, they'll be within a corridors distance of you in about 3 minutes. It's not a game of Cat and Mouse, it's a game of 'collect some♥♥♥♥♥♥and ♥♥♥♥ off before they show up'. While this can appeal to some people, it can also really put off some others.The VerdictMonstrum is an immersive game that will scare the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you. It provides some interesting elements and is a breath of fresh air to the horror game genre. While it's old, it is still really fun. However, it does have some issues which hold it back from being brilliant.The sound is great, pulling the player into the world and really immersing them into the game. The graphics, while not great, still help drive home the feeling of horror on board this (almost empty) ship.However, after a while, the game can get rather dull, and a rather inactive group of developers means updates are few and very, very far between.Overall, this is a nice little game that will provide you with some scares and fun. Thus, I give it a positive review and a score of 7.8/10"
,Recommended,296710,14322417,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Jonathan B,"I hope this game continues development because it truly has massive potential.Things I would like to see:1. More ""Monsters"" for variety2. More ""Lore"" for backstory3. Flashlight Charging; Areas designated as ""Charging Stations"" or simply Batteries4. More Environmental events5. When the ""Monster"" enters a room the doors are left ""Ajar"" and lightly swinging/creaking?6. More ways to hide?"
76561198168576402,Recommended,296710,24664228,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,TheAscendantX,"Read some of the reviews where people said they were scared s**tless and all that.  I didn't believe them, boy was I wrong.I spawned in a random room, found a flashlight.  A few minutes later, my flashlight goes dark and I have no idea where I am, I wander into some room with what looks like a security station with monitors.  I hear footsteps and look out the window in the door and see something walking up to the door, but I didn't wait to find out what it was.  I hide for a minute and come out and it went away.  After quickly finding another flashlight and a fire extinguisher, I keep moving.I keep moving through the structure and I hear a loud sound behind me.  I quickly turn around to see a pipe burst, no big deal.  I then come to some stairs.  Go up?  Go down?  Since I am an idiot, I went down hoping to find loots.I walk into a room with glowing things.  I turn on my flashlight to see what they were, EGG SACKS!  uh egg sacks?  (This is the part in every horror movie that you yell at the screen, ""GTFO!""). Well I didn't listen to the little but loud voice in my head and I walked up to them.I begin to hear this loud squishing sound and something jumps out at me.  I literally jumped 3 feet in the air and broke the keyboard tray on my desk by my knees slamming into it.  I don't know what I expected.  I managed to hit the escape key and paused it before I assumed I would be killed.  I regained my composure after screaming like a little girl and hit the escape button again.  Quickly I used the fire extinguisher and shot it at whatever was coming at me.THEN I F**KING RAN, I RAN LIKE F**KING HELL!  I had no idea where I was going but I ran into a big room with lots of machines.  An engine room?  Now I was sure I was on a ship.  I found a phone and tried to dial 911 (yes, I did that).No power though, I need to find a power source I said to myself.  I did find a welding kit, a potential weapon maybe?  If I have to kill it, I WILL KILL IT WITH FIRE.I walked out of the room with the phone and went down another level.  I found a couple of more rooms with phones, one was locked.  I then hear a growlish roar and squishy footsteps coming down the stairs behind me.  I tried to grab my fire extinguisher but it was empty, then I tried the welding torch...I didn't watch the end because I was a dribbling screaming mess underneath my desk.That was the first and last time I played this game.  10/10"
,Recommended,296710,22909175,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,MattyRasker,"Monstrum is a first person survival horror game where you need to escape from a ship by one of the available escape methods while being stalked and chased by a monster. if you get caught, you die, and you have to start again.I buy scary games and I don't know why. I'm easily scared, but there is some kind of thrill to it which is enjoyable. Monstrum doesn't disappoint here - the persistant element of threat and terror of being stuck on a big ship, in the middle of nowhere, alone with something that wants to kill you, really comes across. you can't kill what's chasing you (ala Clock Tower and such like), running and hiding is your only option.What Monstrum isn't is a surival horror game with a deep engaging storyline or puzzles, or cutscenes. Think of this as an escape challenge with horror elements. Every time you play, the layouts of the rooms and corridors are different, the objects you need to pick up are all randomly placed around the ship (but the core layout of the ship, the escape routes, crew and lower deck areas are in the same location). Also, there are three monsters, one of which will be randomly chosen that will chase you down, so you never know who you're up against until you start playing. So this game has definite replayability.Graphically, it isn't the prettiest game, and I do notice performance issues from time to time (I'm running I5 4690k with GTX 760, Evo840 SSD), especially when there is a monster close by. Also, it has bugged out on me a few times - one of the monsters in one game got caught on the stairs. I could have just continued and won the game with no issues, but that would have been no fun and so I restarted. None of these however ruined the experience for me.Sound however is brilliant. For me, a horror game has to have good sound and Monstrum doesn't fail here.Want a good night in with friends with a horror game? Look no further. No really! Pass the controller around, and set the challenge - first person to get off the ship wins.If you want a good horror game that will give you a few good hours of scares and creeps then Monstrum is a good choice. Highly recommended."
76561198154680472,Recommended,296710,14447196,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,fgoff2003,"In this review I will tell you what I think of Monstrums pros and cons.Pro:*The monsters are amazingly well designed and animated for an indie game.*Most monsters are slightly faster than your avarage videogame zombie so you can outrun them,but not outwalk them.*The ship is randomly generated so you cant try to map out were everything is and win easily.*You can turn off steam valves.(you will learn about this later.)*The monsters have unique deaths and can kill you in more than one way.*Notes scatered around the ship give you a backstory to whats going on.(sortof.)*You are not helpless (besides running) to get away from the monster,fire extinquishers will stop them for a few seconds.*You can also hide under desks,beds,and in lockers and dark areas to hide from the monsters.*Each monster can be heard so they cant just sneak up behide you and BOOM jumpscare.*This game was plain amazing for early access and still awesome.*Three different monsters,a big lava thing, a slime guy,and a telekinetic alien.*This game will stay awesome FOREVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!And now,for the cons.Cons:*Monsters will sometimes stay in the same area for a while.*one item is very small and can be overlooked easily(I'm talkin about you helicopter keys.)*Steam kill's you instantly if you stand in it.And here are some random facts about the game.Facts:*You can usualy find keys in a security room.*One monster will kill you by stomping on you to DEATH!!!!1!!1!*I learned about this game from a popular Youtuber named Markiplier.*Normally scares me to the point of hiding in a locker for half an hour.(not kidding.)*Way too many people are calling it a copy of Outlast,even though its far from that.10/10 would pee my pants infront of a submarine while being stomped on again"
76561198005915501,Recommended,296710,15918188,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Player One,"One word best describes this..... AHHHHHHHHHHHHHBest horror game I've played in yearsAfter dying twice, Player Two and myself had to take a break because we were freaking out lol.The controls work really well, graphics are pretty good, sound is amazing, and in general the survival horror atmosphere is perfect.Very easy to just jump right in and die =)https://youtu.be/Jn6GCNFfMiIEdit 1: The more I play this game, the scarier and more fun it gets. Although I keep having to stop after about an hour each time because I get too freaked out."
,Recommended,296710,14442678,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,grayalmight,biggest enemy in the game are not monsters... but steam pipes. i wish they blurred the vision or slowed the player when running away but nope its a one hit kill. BESIDES that its a really fun and scary game. headphones needed for full effect!!!
,Recommended,296710,14735337,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Ggdograa,"This is an early access review of the game. In its current state it's obviously very buggy and full of errors but I'll be damned if the concept isn't really appealing. Basically it's similar to games like Slenderman where you have to run around finding randomly placed objects to finish the game. This time you're avoiding two monsters on a cargo ship.Sometimes you get lucky, other times you don't. It's a fun game even in this early state but at the $15 price tag I'm just not sure it's worth the value. At most the game will take you 2 hours to finish and there's only 1 small location in the game. I just don't think it's worth that much.Full video review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n48m1Jelxck"
76561198028005562,Not Recommended,296710,16034398,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Zergling50,"I know a lot of people like this game and believe me, it is visually appealing and the atmosphere is great. In fact the first bit of time you spend playing the game is amazing. The reason I don't recommend this game though is that after a bit you start to realize that the AI is absolutely terrible. The hunter is supposed to be able to hunt you down with a scent trail you leave and the longer you stay in an area the more noticeable it is. This does not happen. In fact, unless you start running around in circles jumping up and down and turning your flashlight on and off (or set off a camera and a door HAPPENS to be in their way) the monsters almost NEVER enter any rooms besides the main hallways and what not. When they do enter, as long as you are in a locker and they did not directly see you enter the locker you are almost guaranteed to be safe. I have never been killed while in a locker. Once while the hunter was in the room with me I ran around in circles in the locker and turned my flashlight on and off and the hunter acted like it didn't notice anything and started walking out of the room and when I saw this I opened the locker door while it was still in the room and it gave zero ♥♥♥♥♥ and walked out and disappeared. Also the monsters do not really 'hunt' you, more they just 'happen' to appear in the same areas of the ship as you occaisionally. Overall the AI could use a bit of an overhaul. I will happily change my review if they improve the AI.EDIT: Thank you team junkfish for the reply, I look forward to seeing what you can do if possible.EDIT 2: I read the bit on the hunter from the wiki here:http://themonstrum.wikia.com/wiki/The_HunterI would check the other monsters on the wikis as well for inaccuracies as a fair amount of them make pretty bold claims."
,Recommended,296710,14467573,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,You are fake news Alfalafel,"The Nope SimulatorEnough nope for entire familySteps:1. Launch game2. Start new game3. Explore4. Hear loud footsteps5. Get scared6. See red glowing light7. Run (and make noise)8. Hear the terrifying scream9. RUN DAMN IT10. Get killed by steam *facepalm*10/10 potentially9.5/10 still adjustments, not major onesPerson who encouraged me to buy this game: Markiplier, he is awesome :D"
,Recommended,296710,24196702,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Gnarsies,"It's the best kind of horror I think games can provide. No senseless gory jumpscares and whatnot, just a perfectly executed atmosphere and horror that comes simply from the feeling of being hunted. Variety in maps and monsters allow for good replayabilty."
,Recommended,296710,16184528,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Smuffle,"First game:Okay, I've seen gameplay of this, and it's scary, I'll just take it slow. Grab flashlight, look carefully behind corners. Make my way around the ship for about 5 min. Hey, this isn't so bad. I haven't even seen the monster. Found the raft, starting to use the crane (omg, the noise it makes!). Hear scary sound,♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants as I see monster come out the door and heading for me. Run, ♥♥♥♥ing run. I discovered way to quickly that I don't know the ship and ran in to a dead end, screaming my♥♥♥♥♥off. Dead.Second game:♥♥♥♥♥♥ that was scary, but I can make it! One min in and I hear weird noises. Sounds like something moves inside the vents. Okay, time to hide in a locker. 10 min passes because I'm a coward. I guess he's not coming in here, lets move on.♥♥♥♥♥♥ there's that noise again. Find a room, lock the door and hide under a desk. 5 min pass and nothing. Perhaps he left? Slowly sliding out from the desk and walking towards the door. OMFG, HE'S DESTROYING THE DOOR, ♥♥♥♥ YOU SKELLY! Play the remaining time of the game under the desk. I made friends there. A cardboard. It says this side up, but I like to mess with him and put him up-side down. We had so much fun cardboard box Bob."
,Recommended,296710,31829303,Posted: 18 May,all,Shooter,"Summary:All things considered, monstrum is a better than average indie horror game at an indie horror game's price. The monsters are interesting, the collectable and RNG systems bring about a fair amount of replayability to the game, and the general feel of the game are superb. Though it is obvious that this product has recieved a vast amount of care from the developers, bugs still remain. These bugs aren't exactly the most common, or the most game breaking, but in certain situations it can lead to a bit of headache or confusion. All in all, the game is worth the price in my eyes, and it'll certainly grant satisfactory hours of entertainment in the time that one plays it.The Great:The different monsters provide a new experience through progressive playthroughs, lending to the initial anxiety of a new game. Until which monster the player gets during their playthrough is discovered, the player will have to act in a more cautious manner to determine how to move forward. That being said, the different monsters forces players to adapt a new playstyle dependent on the monster they encounter. This, coupled with the fact the the ship's interior is filled with darkness and a general sense of claustrophobia, helps bring about the fear of being followed or hunted with no where to run. Without a doubt, the best parts of this game for me were the ship's ambience and how it is important to observe the monsters in order to properly combat them.The Good:The game itself runs on the idea that one must find particular items in order to make their way off the ship. All the while, the player will have to constantly keep their eyes and ears open for any signs of an encroaching monster. This is a pretty basic concept within this genre of horror games, and considering the setting in which the player is forced into; it can lead to scenarios that test a player's resolve, patience and stamina whilst under pressure. The collectible system within the game brings about some aspects as to what is actually going on within the ship that the game takes place and adds a nice layer of backstory to the experience. Along with the RNG spawning system for items across a semi procedurally generated ship provides a relatively new experience altogether without devaluing what is learned from previous playthroughs.The Bad:The game itself has quite a few bugs, a couple of which go as follows: The hunter has a knack for getting herself caught behind map geometry or objects within the map which subsequently bug her ai giving the player free roam of the ship. Certain items in the game, such as the flare gun, are sometimes impossible to find due to the object spawning in an impossible location. The fiend is liable to spawn in powered off rooms, leading to the player having free roam around the ship. The monsters will occasionally outright ignore sound cues brought on by a player setting up a radio in a room or a dinner bell going off in favor of seeking out a player that has not made their location known yet.Another downside is that after a certain point in gametime, a player will be much more aware to how the AI work, making certain monsters like the hunter, exceedingly easy to deal with.Suggestions for future updates/Next game:After a certain point, I think it would be a good idea for player to have an unlock system such as the ability to designate which monster the player wants to face after they have successfully escaped after encountering that monster. As person who extensively enjoyed this game, I'd like the chance to choose what I have to deal with after I had to go through the process of learning each monster's patterns and getting away from them. I'd also like to see a cheat mode of sorts for players who have 100%'ed the game. I know I havent gotten that flare gun achievement yet, and I intend on doing so, but I think monstrum would be improved if players who have played the game for an extensive amount should be given the option to enter noclip or open a console of sorts. This console could also lessen the strain on finding items that may be bugged in game. It would also be nice if there was a challenge system of sorts within the game, allowing one to spawn more than one monster at the start of a game. I know that after spending a decent amount of time watching the monster's movements and how exactly to counter them, I'd like to see either something new or for a difficulty increase of some kind."
76561197989683828,Recommended,296710,30086440,Posted: 21 February,all,Cristovelli,"This is the most tense FPS horror-escape game I have played, including Alien Isolation, Amnesia and Dreadhalls VR which I completed. This game will make you NOPE.The atmosphere, setting and premise are fanstastic, and the use of procedurally generated interiors constrained within a static structure with some consitent features works very well in Monstrum.While the player character is not overly agile, there is a very organic feel to the interaction with the environment, immersive first person animations of hands and feet (VR would be insane, it could probably scare someone to death), and the items and obstacles in the game have some inventive uses and solutions.It's ostensibly a very straightforward game in terms of objectives -- fix up one of the escape vehicles and don't get caught, you can beat the game in about an hour, but you won't succeed until you know your enemy, how to orient yourself in the ever-shifting labrynthine ship, and how to use the items you find and the elements of your surroundings to maximize your chances of escaping from encounters.You cannot avoid meeting the monster sooner or later, so you must be prepared to distract and hide, or deter and run. If you happen to need a particlularly noisy piece of machinery, you may need to use yourself as bait to lure your pursuer away, lest it turn attentions toward wrecking your best shot off the Hisa Maru.Overall, Monstrum is an excellent and original offering that puts you in a tension-filled horror movie with twists and turns both literal and figurative, that will test your resourcefulness and your resolve.At 18 hours in I've beaten it once, escaping the Brute via Liferaft, possibly the easiest combo. The other enemies are smarter and more methodical, and the liferaft escape tasks have the least vulnerability. The game really comes together once you understand the entire ship and the personality of each enemy. One of the rare games that compels me to rise to the challenge it presents.Playing Tips: Headset helps a LOT to determine proximity if you can hang with the amplified presence. Turning down the ambient music also helps in discerning important sounds. Learn the ship layout and don't be afraid to die a few times trying new things. You WILL be eaten/crushed/eviscerated."
,Recommended,296710,16336618,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Houston,"Played for 3 minutesPicked up flashlightOpened DoorWalked a couple stepsDoor Slammed behind meScared♥♥♥♥♥♥lessRan around hallwayHid in Locker for a minute.Opened locker to try to grow a pair.Demonic Alien jumpscareCtrl+Alt+DelShutdownUnplug Computer10/10 scarier than my gpa-If you feel guilty about punching your friend in the crotch then buy this game as punishment.-If you want to learn how to revive an unresponsive adult, let them play.-The Atmosphere of this game is so ♥♥♥♥ing good, NASA is currently considering using it to replace the Ozone layer.-The soundtrack is scary like Monster Mash but not complete trash like meek mill.-The jumpscares could strike terror in big russian man.-This game delivers jump scares like No Man's Sky didn't deliver features-This game was actually developed to find a cure for narcolepsy.In conclusion:eh it's okay"
,Recommended,296710,14377968,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Eddie,I didn't know there are 2 types of monsters until nowI was walking around for 15 minutes assuming to get hulksmashed in the back every secondHeard slimey noises and didn't thought anything of itGot jumpscared by some ugly a$$ pice of $hit jumping out of the ventPeed my pants and died10/10 Would pee my pants again(Restarting the game everytime i hear slimey noises from now on)
76561198072414205,Recommended,296710,22123375,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Leeroy the lego maker,"As someone who has beaten all 3 monsters and all 3 escape routes, i think im qualified to write a review on this game. First of all: hats off to the sadistic mind who though up the monsters, they are terrifying. The story is fairly generic; you wake up on a ship and dont know how you got there. There are a few notes of the ships recent history although they are little more than a distraction and do not add to the overall story much. After walking out the door the first thing you will notice is there is alot of detail put into this game; it feels like it could be a real ship, there is a kitchen, bathrooms, living quarters, storage, mantainance areas and a cargo hold. The atmoshpere is quite creepy to start with however there is no sense that you are about to experience the most terrifying game of cat and mouse you will ever see. After a while you will begin to hear things go bump in the night, and this really puts you on edge and sets the stage for when you ineveitbly encounter the monstrosity you will be facing this time, thats right; there are 3 different monsters and each time a game is loaded up it is randomly selected and there is no way of knowing which one has spawned until you com face to face. Unlike other indie horrors the monsters in this game are completely different and need to be handled differently. The ship itself is also randomly generated however this is highly opinionative as only the layout of certain areas and item spawns are different. One of the downsides to this is it is very easy to get lost and retrace your path over and over getting frustrated about how you have checked everywhere only to 20 minutes later find that there was some well camoflauged door that had the item you need, there are some more nasty surprises waiting around the ship but im not going to spoil. All in all this is one of the most polished and well done horror games period, unlike others it has heavy replay value and even on that final time i defeated this game my heart was still racing just as fast as the first time. The devs know what they wanted out of this game and pulled it off spectacularly and i would recommend this to anyone who wants a horror experience that is less focused on an intricate and confusing story and more poop your pants terrifying. 11/10"
,Recommended,296710,14546366,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,.grootkit,"I'm a horror junkie, and ever since watching this game make waves around the internet on YouTube and such I figured that I need to give it a try. It took me a week or so to summon the courage to dip into my ""Poor College Kid"" fund, but in the end it's paying off. I'm only 30 minutes in and having a blast. Died twice, once to the Brute; Hunter for the other.It's a frustrating type of game that makes you want to think about your every move on a subconsious level and really judge if it's the right idea. At the same time, you've got about 10 seconds to make that decision or else some creature is going to murder the ever-living ♥♥♥♥ out of you. I'm absolutely thrilled with it and the small little differences on each play through. It's a ship, not much is going to change; it's not like one second it's a cargo ship, and then the next it's a cruiseliner. But it brings small enough changes to keep things fresh, along with the rotating door of monsters that you'll have to duck and dodge your way through.All-in-all I recommend this game for anyone who loves themselves a good First-Person Survival Horror. I love it and you will too."
,Recommended,296710,16008901,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Adder,"I can honestly say, without a shadow of a doubt, that Monstrum contains the scariest sounding doors in gaming.  These things really make an unnerving CHUNK as you open them, usually causing you to jump a little.Great sounding doors. 5/5I understand there's some monsters and stuff in there too."
,Recommended,296710,23496931,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,...........,"Very good and fun horror game.The game contains 3 randomly chosen monster and 3 escape route (helicopter, submarine, safe boat). All escape route requires different items to find. Your inventory is limited to 6 items, so choose well what you pick up. To survive, you need to listen to the different sounds (Brute), the lighting (Fiend) and the bubbles on the wall or ground (Hunter). Always lock the doors, when you can. In a chase, locking doors can give you time to hide and save your life (except when you play against the Brute, it can destroy and go through any doors easily). There are limited ways to protect yourself from the monsters (like fire, fire extinguisher etc.). Don't think that you can avoid the monster if you go to the other side of the ship. It will follow you at some point.I find the Hunter the hardest monster as it's fast, can go through vents and makes traps. The Brute is fairly easy, but in a chase it can be hard to hide from it. The Fiend is the easiest, if the lights are flickering then it's close, makes it easy to hide.The graphics is pretty good, nothing jawdropping though. I didn't really find any bugs.I just hope the developers will work on this game more, polishing it and giving us new contents.I recommend it to people who likes hide & seek survival horror games and cute monsters."
76561197965366882,Recommended,296710,24643757,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,SonOfCron,"If you're a fan of horror games (and why would you be looking at this game if you weren't), then this is a must-play.At it's core, Monstrum is a hide-and-seek survival horror game where you must explore a (mostly) randomly generated cargo ship in search of various items needed to help you escape from the ship via one of three potential routes.  The basic layout of the ship is always the same, but the rooms and item locations change each playthrough, ensuring that each attempt to escape is unique.Oh, and you're also being hunted by one of three potential horrifying monsters each time.  Not sure if I mentioned that yet.  Each monster has its own style of pursuit, and whether it is the Brute's thunderous and relentless juggernaut-style chases, the Hunter's stealth and trap-based ambush game, or the Fiend's paranoia inducing methodical sweeps of your potential hiding spots, you're guaranteed to spend more time cowering inside of a cabinet than you ever thought possible in a video game.On top of being genuinely dread-inducing, the game is a true challenge to beat, and the sense of reward upon completing your first successful run-through is tremendous.  I can honestly say I had several heart-pounding experiences with this game, and the variety it offers between it's random pairing of monster/layout/item location will keep you coming back over and over again.  I played this game well past my 100% achievement completion, and look forward to playing it again after some time off and experiencing the thrill and terror all over again.  I picked up the game on sale, but highly recommend it even at full price."
76561197970529119,Recommended,296710,16210377,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Static10101,"An intense game of hide-and-seek on a randomized cargo ship.You search for items to aid in your attempted escape, of which there are multiple options.The AI is pretty brutal, making you hesitate every step that you take towards freedom--much like Alien: Isolation or Amnesia, depending upon which creature is stalking you.8/10 Breaths held in suspense,"
,Recommended,296710,14516157,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Mr. Fancypants,"Do you remember those scenes in horror games and movies where you have to hide in a locker or under a table/bed and they will look everywhere but not that 1 place you are hiding? Well not in this game, when they are looking for you... they WILL look for you!If you are into horror games, this is the game for you.I really like how there are different ways to escape. I have not been able to do complete 1 yet but i can say that this game has a lot of potention! Even in it's current state i find it very playable and enjoyable!Give this game a try, even when i paid the full price it has been worth every penny!"
,Not Recommended,296710,16150247,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,TheGigas,"From the reviews I was looking forward to a creepy tense survival horror experience. Good survival horror toys with you by using misdirection and engaging your imagination. Monstrum however is a jump scare slot machine with little cat and mouse and misdirection. Everything is telegraphed to you and is 1:1. You here thumping? Then you know the lava guy is around. You see the lights flicker? You know a ghost is near. See sacks on the wall? Be ready to be chased by a derivative monster. The game rules are very clear, which is good for a rogue like, but makes for a very dull horror experience. At no point did they achieve actual terror with me. The game never made me question my surroundings or my own senses, except for using the same texture on nearly every wall.I never once found myself coming across a narrative moment that made think ""what's going on here?"" Everything felt sterile. They even missed the opportunity to have the ship creak and the doors sway as the ship rocks against the waves. Or even have the ambient ship sounds change over time. Instead you're on what must be the absolutely most silent ship, ever. They never pulled the rug out from under me. They don't toy with you, which is the very meaning of ""cat and mouse."" Simply having something patroling after you is not cat and mouse, it's hide and go seek. Cat and mouse means toying with me, letting me escape only to appear around the very next corner, creating that ""phew... OH MY GOD!"" kind of moments. Instead it's just hide and go seek. If that's what you're into, this is for you. If you're looking for something that's going to try to get into your head  you might want to pass."
,Recommended,296710,27935281,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Metro-Police,"Don't get me wrong, this is a fantastic game. It still scares me more then Alien Isolation, and it has fantastic atmosphere, great scares, and scary bad guys. But a major part that doesn't give it a perfect score is the AI programming and the random generation. Let's start with the AI. Enemies can see you through impossible spots sometimes, and ignore the fire extinguisher entirely on some occasions. The Hunter being the most cheap. The Hunter will set traps that if sprung, will make it come out from hiding. And it can do it at any place with a vent. So if you are at a area with only rooms, the hunter will set traps at the only exits, making it impossible to escape. If there are lockers, the hunter will come in, tear one off, then set the trap again before you can get out. Rinse and repeat until there are no lockers left, so when the hunter comes out the  vent, you are dead. The fiend is cheap with how quiet it is. There are flashing lights, a tell tale sign of it being near, but it's hard to tell which direction it is coming from. If you back up, it might be behind. If you walk foward, it could be around the corner, insta death waiting for you. The Brute is cheap with the bad Ai programming. It's stuck to you like a magnet. It's hard to tell with it's obnoxiously loud footsteps which floor it is on. It might be on your floor, or on top, or even on bottom. So you think it's on top, but no, it's on yours. Sometimes near the staircase the Brute somehow knows you're there and sprints to the current floor you're on, (Even if you don't use a noise maker). Then comes the ""Random generation"" it advertises proudly. The item can sometimes be easy to find, fair but challenging. Or actually impossible. On one game I had played for like 30 minutes I only had a radio glowsticks and glass and a flashlight. No progress was made. Overall, the game has a ton of faults, and it's not even close to perfect, but I had a fun time (And still am) with Monstrum. I give this game a 8/10. Play this game if you love horror."
,Recommended,296710,24664681,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Scientology,"This game should be sold as a package deal that comes with a fresh pair of undies and some damn powerful drugs to calm yourself.Also, dont turn on the TV. Seriously, dont do it. You will have about .000000002 seconds to lock the door before something nasty decides it's out for your blood served up as a fancy cocktail. Then it smashes through said door to eat your eyeballs along with a nice side salad.10/10 would♥♥♥♥♥♥myself again.+Good Graphics++Excellent atmosphere++Genuinley Scary Moments+Rogue-Like Style for Great Replayabillity+Three Different and Incredibly Varied Monsters for Even More Replayabillity-Slow at Times-Lack of Direction can Become Annoying-------DO NOT PLAY WITH  OTHER PEOPLE IN YOUR HOUSE MY FRIEND SNEEZED WHILE I WAS PLAYING AND I LOST MY♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,296710,15260676,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Papa's in the House,"An interesting take on the indie horror genre. Even in early access i hold this game in high regard on doing something other games can't do, keeping my tension levels high. A randomly generated adventure, from where you start, to the locations of the items, even to the monster looking violate your anal cavity. You dont know what the hell is chasing you until you hear it roar, and walk right by wherever youre hiding, and the tactics they use are different as well. Both chase you down until penetration, but one is literally a brute while the other can hatch from eggs anywhere in the ship, or come from vents, which i dread when that monster is abound. Theres ways to distract the monsters, different places to hide, 3 ways to escape the ship, and what i really enjoy most is actually really insignificant but its always the little things you know? you can lock. ♥♥♥♥ing. doors. it adds to a level of comfort for me.  While the brute can destroy the door, the monster i dread more takes a while to blow the door down, giving you a chance to hide or run. The stomping or pitter patter of either monster coming down my hallway is enough for my trousers to endure a chocolate chenorbyl. Fuses are scarce, and either unlock doors to rare, useful items or pieces for your escape, or bring power to an entire floor. Cant get em back once you use them though, so use em wisely. Either light an entire DARK floor, and lose a chance of good loot, or grab some goodies at the expense of not being able to see mr. stealyogirl coming up right behind you. However the brute has a literal light for his head so you can see him from a MILE away. The escape method you choose seems to be how difficult you want the escape to be. all require a certain amount of pieces. all methods make some form of noise, but some take longer than others. one for example is a submarine where you have to wait two minutes for it to finally be ready to leave while blaring alarms, practically begging the monster to grab its girthy strap on. even then it can DESTROY certain methods of escape. If you manage to escape the monster, itll destroy the computer of the sub, making it useless to you, forcing you to hunt down another means of escape. The developers missed very little in their version of survival horror. However, the game does contain a few bugs, monsters can get stuck (its the only way i got the helicopter ending to be honest) you cant just drop cups, you HAVE to throw them, which blows the rapewhistle if youre just trying to get a fuse, and other miscellaneous things, which are slowly but surely being patched. Even a new monster is on the way. Its like what evolve would be if you werent a hunter, you were just prey 24/7 with no guns and no methods of trapping the monster. Its a pricey indie game, yes, but WELL worth your time if you enjoy a good intense session of horror."
,Recommended,296710,22041183,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Wobedy,"Monstrum is one of the most intense horror games I've ever played. Even hardcore horror gamers will have a hard time beating it.Pros:+ Awesome environment. The ship has everything you don't want when you are being hunted: Narrow corridors, small rooms, dead ends, traps and so on.+ Great graphics and design. Nice to look at and eerie.+ Deeply terrifying monsters. All three of them are living nightmares. With their different characteristics, your strategy has to change in every playthrough.+ Equally terrifying sounds. Even the doors are scary.+ The randomly generated map ensures that you'll never be able to rush through the game.+ Three different escape routes, each usable with other items.+ The game doesn't rely on programmed jumpscares, it's rather the monster's smart pathfinding AI that lifts you out of your chair when you run into them frontally.+ You can interact with the monsters by attracting them with radios and egg timers, shooting them with flares and fire extinguishers and setting them on fire with gasoline. That's truly helpful when you want to troll them, but I'm fairly certain that you'll find more serious ways to use that.+ Monstrum is difficult but beatable over time.Cons:- Technical limitations with the AI cause weird situations. For example, when you hide under a table, perfectly visible to anyone in the room, the monster won't see you, even when it's standing directly next to you.- A few glitches that let the monsters getting stuck. However, you won't even think about exploiting them in your first playthroughs. Trust me on that.All in all, Monstrum is a truly terrifying experience, even for the bravest of you."
,Recommended,296710,21218912,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,papa horse,"- Booted up game- Expected to beat it within 1-2, maybe 3 hours with ease- Spawn in game, take in atmosphere- Collect precious goodies- No monsters (yet)- Begin to get really cocky- ♥♥♥♥ around- End up in room with radio- Blast music, all the while going along with the jazz- Sudden *thump thump thump* from outside- ""oh dear lord""- The thumping becomes louder, there's no other way out except for the door I came in- ""he's here""- Door flies off its hinges- Mr. Redman is here, and he isn't happy- He lets out a roar and begins to stomp his way towards me, music still playing from the radio- ""JESUS CHRIST""- Jesus isn't here to save me- Try to strafe the monstrous red lava thing and haul♥♥♥♥♥to the door; couldn't- He grabs me- Snaps my neck as if it was nothing but a twig, all the while staring into my eyes as funky music plays in the backround- ded10/10 would blast music loudly and get killed for doing so."
76561198043930363,Recommended,296710,33071849,Posted: 1 July,all,Dog Souls 2,"This is a fun horror game where you never get to feel comfortable or safe, like you've mastered the game and it can no longer threaten you. Because the layout of the ship is randomized every time, you can't just learn the map by heart and speedrun your way to victory. And because there's no saving, not even a Save And Exit, you're always under pressure.I haven't managed to escape once so far in 5 hours of play, but I'm having a blast."
,Recommended,296710,14650483,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,craziindahed666,"In all my years of gaming, I have never spent so much time carrying a fire extinguisher.Seriously though, this is a great game. What makes this game so scary is your on a procedurally generated ship, and your goal is to escape off of it. The items your looking for to help you escape are scattered around said random ship. However, hunting you on the ship is a random monster (there are three, and they are very different from each other.) that the game picks. That monster is constantly hunting you and is attracted to any sort of noise/light. Get caught by the monster and game over. There is no way of saving your progress , no health bar, just permadeath. Honestly, what makes this game so scary is:1.) Not knowing the layout of the ship. (The randomness is mostly focused on the interior of the ship, which makes getting lost easy. Running away from one of the monsters, I accidentally back tracked to the same room three times.)2.) Not knowing where the items you need to escape are.3.) Not knowing which monster the game chose.4.) Not knowing where said monster is.5.) Not knowing if you are actually walking towards where the monster is.6.) Knowing one screw up could mean restarting another round with a different ship layout, and possibly a different monster.All of those qualities make every play through so tense. Since the game came out of early access, I've encounter little to no drop in frame rate. Also the graphics have been improved and so has the monster AI. I've never really been into horror games, but I enjoy playing Monstrum (even though I almost have a heart attack every time I play). If your into the horror genre, I would recommend giving this a look."
,Recommended,296710,27393020,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Matusk0o,One of the best indie horror games I've played.
76561198305279288,Recommended,296710,26511234,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,"Frank ""Jason"" Grimes","I've been addicted to this game since I bought it. I nearly have 200 hours of play time. I LOVE IT. Scares me everytime I play it. Lately though, If the Hunter is around I quit the game. Hunter glitches up 80% of the time for me, making the game insanely easy to explore. I love taking on the Brute and The Fiend. Overall, it's a great game that definitly deserves more attention and spotlight."
76561198027993975,Recommended,296710,14239721,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Cpt Wasea Azure,"Monstrum is still in early acces but it is very entertaining and works fine - just needs some optimizations. It's similar to Alien Isolation - you have to craft/repair things that will help you escape the monsters. It's procedurally generated so every time map around you will be different.Biggest plus - the two monsters I`v seen so far are great and are pretty scary.I like the graphics and sounds at the moment - but game needs more scary ambient noises I think.Good game, I hope the devs will keep working on it!"
76561198044291784,Recommended,296710,15999300,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Foxareno,"first off i want to say i highly recommend this game even if this review sounds a little weird. my only complaint to the game is i dont think it should be roguelike. like permadeath is a good idea and it should wipe your saves in my opinion. because as it stands right now trying to repair an escape method is like a good 2 hours of wandering the ship if your quick. so id like to save once in a while so i could like leave and go to work and stuff. but other than that the game is great. my favorite experiences to date so far was.playthrough 1. i started off the game trying to gather my bearings and i just started sprinting and making noise all over the place. i soon booked it to a staircase and found my way onto the deck of the ship. i came across a deflated liferaft, i was all like ""damn now i gotta run and find some tape and some other things to fix this. while reading my journal and trying to figure out what objects i was looking for, a flying translucent wraith grabbed me from behind and preceeded to molest my body to death.playthrough 2. my friend took over for a turn and slowly walked down the hallway to find what were the shower rooms. after hearing a noise of a door opening somewhere in the ship my friend decided to hide in the shower for a good 5 minutes waiting for his utter death, while he was frozen in fear i told him to leave and do something in the game because who wants to watch someone hide forever. slowly after hearing something getting nearer he ran to another small room and hid inside a cupboard. after a minute or two of hiding he decided to leave the cupboard and go for the door to leave. and as he opens the door a giant flaming gasmask wearing S.O.B. grabs him and breaks his neck.playthrough 3. by this point i was just like man lets try and get caught. so i ran to one room and found a chair i could move on the floor. for over 10 minutes i sat in this room throwing this chair around making noise and throwing my belongings on the ground. by this point i was like maybe they cant hear this so i opened the door and ran out to the hallway. i then ran up and down the hallway yelling at my computer screen COME AND GET ME!!! for about 30 seconds i ran up and down the hallway and then stopped and brought my attention to a light at the end of the hallway. in the light was  a fire extinguisher. like a madman on steroids i ran for this fire extinguisher at the end of the hall. i picked it up and instantaneously used the entire thing up in an attempt to make more noise. IT WORKED! :D i saw the red light of the flameman aka johnny storm coming down the stairs. the man then screamed at me and proceeded to chase me. like a scared baby i ran for my life to the room with the chair, locked the door, hid in a locker, and waited. he blew through the door with ease so i guess he ignores locks. and he ran up to the locker i was hiding in and stared me down through the crack. i could see it in his eyes, he was saying to me "" Stop making noise down here you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ or ill be back"" i took this warning and i did what any sane person would do... i waited til he left the room and then left my hiding spot and chased him down i then ran straight into him at the end of the hallway. needless to say he won this game of chicken and probably feasted on my remains or whatever they do with the bodies of these poor ppl who are left to wander this ship.in all though the game is great. like when your actually trying not to get caught and you see something bust out of a vent and come after you stuff like that is crazy. i highly reccomend the game. 11/10 would bang a chair around again."
,Recommended,296710,24072627,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Shadow Sovereign,"Just from the single hour I played I was kept on my toes, my head on a swivel and my ears open for what horrible monstrosity was going to appear next. If the monsters don't kill you, the suspense just as well may. You have to have luck, bravery, and a hell of a sense of direction (none of those I have) because of the ever-changing layout of the ship.Would recommend you join the brown-pants club because for the first time you run into a monster just around the corner, there's gonna be a little♥♥♥♥♥♥running down your pant legs.(AUTHOR'S NOTE: ♥♥♥♥ this game.)"
,Recommended,296710,29130595,Posted: 8 January,all,Lukewarm Bong,"Warning: I didn't try this in VR. So don't expect any VR related info. You rich bastrdsFun game overall! The initial presentation is a bit weak- Kinda just drops you in without saying anything, and it's not the most beautiful game ever (especially for 2015) but the core gameplay keeps bringing me back, even after getting 100% achievements (which some could argue is the only way to to truly complete this kind of game). It's the RNG on item spawning that makes for some great replayability. There's definitely room for some more enemy variety(I would've tried pushing for at least like 5 different monsters instead of just the 3; The Brute, The Psychic, and The ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Face)but it's better than just having one. Love the ways you can ♥♥♥♥ with them with the different items you find on the ship. The unsettling/intense atmosphere does a pretty good job at setting up the sht-your-pants moments, can really get your heart racing whether in VR or not. There is a story, but it's not one that you are really engaged in where there's a distinct beginning and end. Well, you do get an ending... if you survivemwuahahaha. Honestly though, the story is the one thing in this game I didn't care for. Even with the multiple endings factor of it. The core gameplay is good enough it can literally hold up without one.So yeah, Overall fun game, I recommend especially if on sale"
,Recommended,296710,16289993,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Vex,"This game is great. I've played it at my friend's house a lot and decided to buy it. I'm going to be playing it a lot more in the future. Though there are a few things that could be added. I think there should be a few more rare items like the flare gun and an option to increase the difficulty by making two or even all three monsters spawn. But either way, this game is great."
76561198251388170,Recommended,296710,33077912,Posted: 1 July,all,KEKlipse,"Really creepy, lots of jumpscares and lots of panic. Monstrum is an excellent Indie-horror game. Not gonna spoil anything, but I higly recommend it for horror fans. Thank you!"
,Recommended,296710,25886877,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Steelclaw1313,"So I've only played this game for a whopping 20 minutes. However, in those 20 minutes I have nearly♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥myself 20 times. I have only played the game in VR (It has a VR option during launch) and I can barely play it because I'm too scared. To be fair, though, any horror game (in my opinion) is significantly more terrifying when playing it in VR.Here's what I have to say about the VR aspects of the game:As I said, VR makes this game so much scarier; I can hardly play it. I keep trying to, but I can't get through it at all.When I do play it though, I play it for about 5 minutes at a time before I wimp out and turn it off. The way the game is with camera controls and movement relative to the VR perspective, it's one of the very few VR games that starts to make my stomach hurt; I can't play it for too long before I start feeling sick.That being said, neither I not you HAVE to play this game in VR, so many of those issues above can be avoided.The game is really well made and very scary and it's procedurally generated so each time you play is different! Which is always a bonus! So every time that I've restarted the game after getting too scared, it's always different (for better or worse).Great horror game. Great VR horror game."
,Recommended,296710,30019815,Posted: 18 February,all,Big Fatty Boy,"I literally just beat this game whilst livestreaming, it took an hour and 8 minutes but i got extremely lucky finding the [arts you need toescape the ship.There are 3 monsters which are random each time you play along with the level design itself.3 ways to escape the ship are by submarine, raft and helicopter.This game is not easy, but very scary and literally makes me poop my noodle cup.Great game, very scary keeps you on your toes, great atmosphere, can you escape each way?"
,Recommended,296710,16006062,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,drumskillz,"I have 20 minutes of play time. I'm going to tell you all about my first 3 play throughs.FIRST OFF, I have never seen anything about this game. Saw it in my Steam feed and figured, ""Hey, I liked Outlast, and the reviews on this game are very good."" So here I am.Playthrough #1: Buy game at 3:15am, wait for friend to come over next morning so I'm not alone. Okay. Start game, open locker, poop pants. See flashlight, okay cool. Pick up fuse, turn light on, walk out door. Look left, look right. Clear. So far so good. Walk around for maybe 30 seconds, see stairs. Go up stairs. Boom, outside. FOR CHRIST'S SAKE I HEAR SOMETHING, RUN RUN RUN RUN. Sound stops. Heart is racing, I'm basically dead already. Find a fuse box, oh cool! What's this do? HEAR GOD AWFUL SHRIEK, LOOK RIGHT AND SHADOW KILLS ME I SCREAM LIKE A LITTLE GIRL AND PEE'D MYSELF.Playthrough #2: Hours later, same friend is over. Same start. Roam around for quite some time, collecting all sorts of goodies. Flare gun? He11 yeah! Something to shoot with. Roam some more. Find helicopter, new objective, aight. Find my way onto the bridge side of ship. Walking around in corridors, here something sticky and dripping. Oh♥♥♥♥.jpg. I have to go left or right. SPRINT RIGHT GET KILLED, SCREAM LIKE A GIRL.Playthrough #3: God I hate myself. Why do I do this. Same start. Find stairs, go up, find chopper. Alright. Walking around side of crates. See something walk around the corner QUEUE HEART ATTACK MUSIC, SPRINT B1TCH SPRINT, GO FASTER FASTER FASTER!!! Run upstairs into a steam leak, die. Sit in my own feces for 3 minutes reflecting on my life choices.Buy this game. Now. If you want to have a heart attack every playthrough, do it."
,Recommended,296710,15462461,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,SuperMarioFanIdol,"This game is really well made, especially that it's an indie. I literally peed my pants the first go, and I hid for almost 15 minutes in the same spot. This game not only gives you the chills, but the graphic design is amazing as well. I would definately recommened this game if you have the money to buy it. It's seems a bit pricey, but for a game to have this much and it's still under development? That's a really good deal. Turns out this game can also be a family game as well. Me and my family enjoyed seeing each other scream and jump, and we all took turns and tried to escape using different methods.Thumbs up for this game and I'm ready to see what's next."
,Recommended,296710,17869869,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Redmurcury(STSCrew),"FULL review belowRevised per updates+ Randomly generated levels+ Beautifully atmospheric+ Great sound+ Unsettling AI behavior- Not enough monsters (This is such a brilliant concept. I wish it had a tad more variety) this mainly affects replayability.- Even with the random generation some elements are static or predictable= PermadeathFULL REVIEW:Figured I'd go ahead and write a real review for this game, as this is exactly what it deserves.17.99? Please... If it had just a bit more content then honestly, with the brilliant concept that this games manages to float around possessing, sprinkling its magical little trail of blood curdling pixie dust. Praise to this indie dev team as they carve a spot in my favs collection. I admit after playing for a few hours I am not screaming as often, but still. I shouldn’t be screaming at all, yet here we are. Complaints from the roommates late at night get old, but I suppose that is either the fault of mine for buying this game, or team Junkfish for creating such a marvelous gem of pure adrenaline. Not fueled by pumping bullets, by just simply by the fear of getting caught.You explore an abandoned hunk of metal death floating god knows where in the middle of the ocean. Peruse the ship in search of vital pieces of equipment, to help fuel the frantic struggle to your escape or your demise. Something has broken from its metal prison container in the cargo bay, and is now hungry and P' offed. And you are the tastiest thing around. But I mean who wouldn’t be super upset after cutting a deep gash in your bumpy monster knuckle. Repeatedly slamming it into the sharp edge of an industrial shipping container, prying the torn metal edges of the hole, raging to get out like a little newborn baby having a tantrum in its crib. This baby is ready to destroy the crib and eat all of the furniture. Taste like wood, screw it. Plus one for America and doing whatever the eff you want. Plus it's procedural, so you’ll never know which hall to turn down, despite some of the major areas of the ship remaining static. Which in this case didn't bother me at all. There being several methods of departure from the horrible monstrosity aboard the ghostly vessel of Monstrum, you will often find pieces that contribute to the endgame in some manner but seldom do you find the pieces relevant to your current attempt right away. Each method requires different items. On the flip side there are also several non essentials to pick up, my favorite being the old radio. DO NOT MAKE THE SAME STUPID MISTAKE IT'S NOT WORTH IT MAN, IT""S NOT WORTH IT. All I wanted..... was to not be sad. All I wanted was to shake my booty, like I'm the only girl in the world. All I wanted...  was some tunes man.... and all I got, was stomping and shouting and then eventually screaming (from me) as I charge down the hall still to be caught by the foot and smashed anyways. Sigh. Navigate through doors and pitch black stairwells (batteries in your torch do NOT lasting long btw). Sprint through hallways as the ocean waves crash outside, sneak by security (or don’t lol), and hide in lockers or under desks/beds. Usually because you are about to have your face ripped off by one of the multiple creatures you may encounter, although one at a time.  I’ve gotten in the habit of leaving a few locker doors open to avoid those few precious seconds as I run around a corner and fumble with my buttons long enough to slam the locker shut before the beast sees me. Never feel safe though, dont be fooled. The number of times I snickered as the beast slowly crept by my locker door or paced by the bed I was cowering under, still chuckling once I assumed I had achieved victory, the suave super slick genius that I most defin ONLY TO HAVE MY SENTENCE AND HAPPY TIME INTERUPTED BY THE SOUNDS OF MY SCREAMS as I am dragged out from under the bed like a parent preparing their child for a spanking. A spanking made of pain and terror and ripping your guts out. Rude, but hey. The rush is great. Sprinting isn't always the key though, there is quite a bit to trip on or run into and it WILL be a factor of life and death, if you run into any of these environmental ""traps"" at the wrong time. So watch your footing, or you'll lose a foot. And everything else. Including your face, as stated.The Visuals. Pretty good. Not a diamond in the rough type deal but definitely a pretty game. If anything, it’s very good at being dark and dismal. Oh yeah and depressing. Everyone is dead and you’re not too far behind. That fiery orange glow illuminating from between the jaws of the Brute as it slowly bleeds into the darkness of an upcoming stairwell, is horrifying. The game is literally filled when omens from the jump and has no problem letting you know what will be hunting, and eventually murdering you. In this fashion, you have a chance to plan your strategy, unless you are a first timer. In this case. Listen to this one piece of advice. DO NOT RESEARCH OR WATCH CONTENT INVOLVING THIS GAME. Believe me when I say if you go into this floating slice of hell with no prior knowledge, I can guarantee the initial scares are almost worth the price alone. The eggs left around by you know who are also quiet unsettling I would like to add. But if your eyes don’t yank your guts into a shriek then the audio will.This game..... Has BRILLIANT audio design, that will leave you flailing your arms as you jump from your seat and proceed to exit the room. And I say that whole heartedly. The running sequences blare what can only remind me of the gut wrenching metallic squeals of machinery emitted from my speakers during any of my romps through the universes of Silent Hill. But that’s me personally. Sounds of rusty metal clamoring and rattling loudly, just before an abrupt hiss of steam shoots from a crack and burns hot superheated water vapor into your eyeballs, forcing you to the ground at the WORST possible moment. Slamming of doors and lockers and the BLOOD curdling cry of the security system alarm.My god.The sirens on this ship. I swear they were manufactured for a max security prison with the intention of bursting the inmate’s eardrums long before they could complete an attempt at escape. I keep a set of q-tips and tissue on my desk at all times to stop the bleeding. The screams and shrieks of the on-board menace startle me sometimes even more than the effing thing jumping right in my face, which also happens... In front of all my friends.... On my birthday.... LIVE on stream. <_< Right when I thought I was safe the game’s like well nope screw you. But this is what I love. If you want to poo yourself turn the volume up and flip the lights off. This is the soundtrack I can expect someone to hear as they enter the gates of hell.So, in conclusion. No, this game is not perfect. No, it’s not the scariest game on earth, but that is due to the sole reason, that eventually once something is experienced enough, you just simply know what to expect. But f**k does this game come close. The combination of concept, video and audio are a delightful mixture that bubbles in a cauldron until all the fumes and vapors suffocate everyone in the room. A little girl picks up her box of brownie mix and stares at it puzzled, then glances once more at her family now laying limp on the floor. She shrugs and retreats up to her room, hops on the computer, fires up a round of Monstrum, and has a heart attack several minutes later.*Little girl survives by the way. Turns out I was mistaken and she just passed out from fear. But still"
76561198048974498,Recommended,296710,14296003,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,rjmacready,"I'm finding it hard to know just what to say about this game as of yet, as I've barely amassed any hours on account of simply being TOO FREAKING SCARED!  Yes.  ME!  Like a scared little girl wearing a bright yellow dress and fluffy pink bunny ears, I am!!  All thanks to a ♥♥♥♥ing GAME.  What makes this game so scary?  Let's see now...Scary sound.  Scary monsters (two so far).  Not yet understanding how much noise I can make before said monsters come running after me.  Rogue-like/procedurally-generated elements which make the ship's structure different every time.  Multiple ways to escape the ship, without being sure which one to take (guess it'll depend on what items I happen to find).  Permadeath (which, for the relatively uninitiated like myself, is apparently a hip term for NO SAVE POINTS and YOU ONLY DIE ONCE).Let me put it another way:  I've just finished my FIFTH playthrough, and it was the first time I even managed to successfully get away from a monster long enough to, well, basically run into him/it again five minutes later to die my inevitable death.  I found a helicopter, but had yet to fulfil even ONE of the three criteria required to escape in it.  So while a single successful playthrough of this game theoretically wouldn't take that long, actually SURVIVING that long is much easier said than done, and the rogue-like elements ensure that NO ONE will be able to speed-run the ♥♥♥♥ing thing (haha, sucked in, all you petty I-can-get-through-Half-Life-in-one-hour-and-forty-seven-minutes, Youtube-addicted pansies).Now, despite being extraordinarily impressed thus far, I'm reluctant to give this the absolute highest of accolades because I'm not yet convinced of the value of EITHER permadeath nor rogue-like elements in video gaming culture.  Lack of save points, and not being able to learn much from previous failed games due to randomised elements, are two of my single biggest pet hates in modern gaming design.  Having said that...THIS may actually be the game to justify the usage of not one but BOTH of these elements...MAY.  My personal jury (consisting of me, myself and I) shall remain hung for the time being as to whether this will ultimately prove to be the case, BUT...I will confidently say that I'm impressed as hell, and would not hesitate to recommend this (even in its unfinished Early Access state) to anyone who might possess the patience to learn how to stay alive long enough to actually ever GET THROUGH this terrifyingly unforgiving mother-♥♥♥♥er of a game.  ""Survival horror"", indeed...Verdict: 8.5/10 (subject to improve, should I get up the balls to play it long enough to actually work out what it's all about.  Now, excuse me while I go and change my soiled pink-polka-dot panties)."
,Recommended,296710,20415438,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Zeekerss,"Monstrum is probably the scariest game I've ever played. I beat the helicopter ending and livestreamed beating the submarine which took about an hour and a half (and was super fun). It's been able to stay just as terrifying every single time I've played it, which is really awesome. Most horror games wear off eventually, but this one has been able to scare me just as much every time with its randomly generated decks and 3 totally different monsters (which it chooses from randomly). The chases still get my heart pumping. As you collect more items for your escape, the stakes get higher and higher so it keeps getting more intense. I also like how different the escape routes are from eachother (ranging from fairly easy to super intense.)The only problem is that most of the time I've always had only 1 item left to get, and it takes 90% of the time to get just that item ; usually I've had to spend over half an hour just trying to find, for example, the helicopter keys somewhere on the ship. Of course, that happening mostly depends on your luck, but it happens a lot to me and everyone that I've seen play the game. One other tiny critisism is that steam vents can kill you after a few hits, which is lame. They should just always stun you.Overall, though, this game is AMAZINGLY scary, and I got a lot more fun out of it than I expected. I highly recommend it!"
,Recommended,296710,25214190,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,SpungFuck,This game scares the living♥♥♥♥♥♥OUT OF ME. It's not a jumpscare game no. It does however use sounds and or specific ques in the monsters to scare the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you. The fiend (the floaty monster) uses lights as a way of scare tactics to make you NOT want to leave your hiding place (if you are hiding) and keep you pinned in a specific area. This game is very good and even for the steep pricetag It's definetally worth it.
,Recommended,296710,24660173,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,MBchrono,"Even though I spend most of my time hiding in closets, I figure I would put in my 2 cents.If you have a Rift, I think this dethrones Dreadhalls as the most terrifying game in VR.   The gritty, grimy, nasty textures in this game give you a very real sense of presence.  I started off a bit confused at what I was supposed to do,.  Then a horrible ghost-monster-thing came down the stairs and charged at me.  For the first time in VR, I tried to punch something that wasn't there.  I closed my eyes and let the ghoul devour my soul.I really want to beat this game.  May have to try it out in Desktop mode as I fear a heart attack is bound to ocurr in VR.This game is a steal at $4.50."
,Recommended,296710,14440720,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,✪ Jaloosh,"Monstrum is an excellent Indie Horror game that is a must play if you enjoy this genre. The game is challenging, but not so challenging that it's not enjoyable, and the monsters aren't that scary--the erie map and knowing you're constantly being hunted is the fear factor in this game. The map is procedurally generated, and each time you play it randomly chooses 1 of the 3 monsters to hunt you that game, until you escape or die trying. As for the escape, that is also randomly selected at the start of each game, it also chooses 1 of the 3. This game is like no other of it's kind and provides hours of fun gameplay!"
,Recommended,296710,30320028,Posted: 4 March,all,SCP-027-02,"When I first played this game, I had no idea about the third monster, and, let me tell you, when those lights started flickering  and I heard that demonic humming, my heart was going a million beats per second. Then I saw it, and it screamed at me. I literally almost broke my computer, that's how bad it made me jump. Seriously, this is one of the best horror games out there."
76561198116492961,Recommended,296710,15144270,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Tarfun,"A fantastic horror survival, with similar parallels to slender man to some extent, in which the character navigates a procedurally generated ship (which is pretty awesome) to find parts to fix one of three (multiple choice!) machines to escape the devious monsters on the massive cargo ship.Despite the somewhat cliché ideology the game provides, it is still a great game to play; one which leads to you wondering if it is better to have the enemy close (so you can hear where it is) or far (so you can't!). Still, it is a great experience and a game i couldn't recommend more. A perfect combination of scary and tense, something many modern games can never manage *cough evil within cough*.Though it must be said you had better have good headphones/headset to make the experience truly enjoyable, as the sound is instrumental to raising the tension.10/10 i need a new pair of pants :P"
,Recommended,296710,14234421,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,ungodly,"Think Outlast mixed with a touch of Alien: Isolation. Different each run and permadeath, as well as an awesome atmosphere, sound and creature design (which fit perfectly with the ships water theme) that will investigate noises and lights such as draws opening, doors creaking etc, makes this an impressive game despite being in early access."
,Recommended,296710,32527718,Posted: 17 June,all,Brendansports,YEAH NO NOPE NOPE IM DONE NOT PLAYING THIS ANYMORE IVE SCARED MYSELF FAR ENOUGH NO NO IM DONE THATS IT
,Recommended,296710,30305614,Posted: 3 March,all,mkuhnlein,"AWESOME game, but it needs VIVE SUPPORT!!"
76561197965916889,Recommended,296710,21055922,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Dalyon,"It has the horror, the atmosphere, constant tension and loads of replayability. Even if the sense of horror dies down due to overexposure the gameplay is still there to back the game up in what makes it really enjoyable.Several monsters who all have very unique behaviours, the randomized structure layout and even the way how item locations change along with the different ways to win as it allows you to make actual plans as you go along and will most likely have to change the tactics sooner or later.Longevity however IS an issue with such a small game, while replayability is possible it's difficult from not becoming too repetetive once every escape has been completed."
,Recommended,296710,16197857,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Boris Chernov,"I think this game has potential, I love it, the Brute is a formidable enemy, unless you use your brain, he catches you in chases, but if you hide he's incredibly unlikely to find you, I was able to stand against the wall and he didn't see me, silly lava man. Then the Hunter is also a good enemy, he clambers through the vents like Gordon Freeman does, but then we arrive on the smelly bunch of the group, that one guy that nobody likes. The Fiend, he's overpowered, you CANNOT hide from him, hiding is suicide, you can run, but sooner or later you'll corner yourself, or he'll paralyze you then crush your rapidly beating heart with his purple dust powers. If the fiend is balanced, I have no problems with this game whatsoever.7/10."
,Recommended,296710,29240261,Posted: 13 January,all,Papa B,"Pros:-Fun and gets the adrenaline pumping-Fair amount of replayablity-manages to be somewhat frightning without using too many horror game clichesCons-Monsters are buggy (An example being that the hunter was just stuck in one spot, it didn't notice me at all. Even when I sprayed it with a fire extingusher and set it on fire, it still would not notice/chase me. This makes the game a total cakewalk and easy as ♥♥♥♥.)-Doors are also buggy (They would open and close over and over again, but this one is fixable by just interacting with the door once more, so it isn't that big of a deal.)-Brute needs to lay off masterbation.My overall score:7/10"
76561198022961483,Recommended,296710,26120658,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Claymix,"This is a great horror game that is begging for an expansion. It's simple: you are stranded on a cargo ship, ""alone"", and you must find a way off. There are three damaged avenues of escape that all require various items scattered about the ship in order to be fixed. While you are searching through the confusing and disorienting hallways of the ship, you are being stalked by one of three monsters.Each monster has its own personality and style. One is loud, fast, in your face, and impossible to shake. Another is ethereal, quiet, smart, and gosh darn scary. Another is sneaky, patient, and... well, actually, not as scary. To be honest, the monsters described as the Brute and the Fiend are the hardest and most fun. The Hunter is absent, not as scary, and (relatively speaking) the easiest of the bunch. I feel like the AI of the Hunter could be adjusted.But regardless of which monster you face in your playthrough, the game is very difficult and very suspenseful. It's best played in a dark room with friends. When you die, it's someone else's turn.I definitely recommend this game - if it's on sale. It really needs an update that makes the Hunter have a better presence and perhaps adds a fourth monster."
76561198190490459,Recommended,296710,33361182,Posted: 7 July,all,jojo2591(ロリマスター),this game could use some update new monsters or something like did the devlopers forget about this game but still i enjoy this game.
,Recommended,296710,31773206,Posted: 15 May,all,Renshaw,"Monstrum is a really fun game if you enjoy hiding, running and using tools to distract or temporarily stop a supernatural being from devouring you.It's one of the few games that have a really creepy atmosphere and can make you panic and do stupid things when the monster is after you.I've had a great time playing this game and recommend you try it out!At first it's going to seem really difficult. But as you learn the game and figure out what the items do and how you can use them in interesting ways, you can outsmart your pursuer.Better hope the Fiend doesn't come after you on your first run. Muahahaha!"
,Recommended,296710,24690924,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Ragnar Lodbrok,"Very good! Great survival horror game! If you die, start it again!!! :( :DMonstrum - Gameplay - PC HD [1080p]https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XG6drX7ENIhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gEPSPkp5RMw"
,Recommended,296710,15924995,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,MrRagez,"Played for half an hour and wow, I'm actually scared right now.Fear and terror is all I know so far.10/10 Would Suggest."
76561198205650439,Recommended,296710,31442221,Posted: 29 April,all,RealNoxOnYT,This game is FANTASTIC! I Definetely recommend playing it. ~Nox
,Recommended,296710,14524465,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,SpookyPharaoh,"Monstrum goes a little something like this---Explore a ship for materials to be able to escape it. You have 3 different ways to escape the ship: Raft, Helicopter, and Submarine. Materials for each route are scattered randomly throughout the ship's rooms and containers. On top of that, each time you play the structure of the ship's interior is different, justifying the rogue-like elements. And because of this, you must start a new game every time you die(no saves either). To help you on your quest are flashlights, glowsticks, and distractions for each monster(i.e. breakable cups).This game has a very, VERY well done atmosphere. It's scary, keeps you on edge from the occurance of monsters, and even has gameplay elements that legitmatly justify that YOU, not the game, caused your death.This is an early access review, so I will admit that there are plenty of bugs, like monsters STILL getting stuck in doorways, climbing above the level and no longer able to come back(from containers), and dropping items while crouching causes the items to disappear. These happen very rarely, so for it's time in early access and this game's continuous development, these problems should fly right by.The only setback I'd say for this game is the pricing. 14.99 is a little expensive for this title, especially for an early access game like this. If the price was pushed down a bit, say $9.99 or maybe even $11.99, then it would definitely cause much more attention to come to this game.My final rating for Monstrum is a solid 8/10.After the game leaves early access bug free, then it may be pushed up to a nice 9/10.If you are on the edge of buying this game, don't hesitate uness money is an isssue. If not, then go and get spooked by a monster that resembles that of one from Scooby-Doo!"
76561198320068627,Recommended,296710,28996517,Posted: 3 January,all,slimlink71 (Dr.Sleep),"Now I like this game, but I say get it on sale its not worth 18 dollars. Get it on sale for about 4 dollars because the game does get boring after awhile but its a game you'll keep coming back to."
76561198091277733,Recommended,296710,16127309,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,existencevip1,If you like horror movies (particularly creature features) you will love this game.Its unforgiving but worth the ride.
,Recommended,296710,25556716,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,CCL sama,"Oh noes a Monstrum! Run or hide...?This game is a hidden gem for survival fans. The level is pretty big, detailed and complex.There are random generated routes, items and hiding spots which makes each playthrough a bit different.It offers interesting objectives and enemies. The AI is surprisingly well done! You will encounter one of those Monstrum and each of them acts differently. The tools to complete certain objectives are well made and pretty realistic. There are no checkpoint in this game so if you die then it's game over! Hand holding is almost none existence which boost the immersion quite a bit.Well, this game is pretty solid and worth the price. If you love hide and seek and survival games then this game is for you!"
,Recommended,296710,33112908,Posted: 1 July,all,Zenitix of the Eldritch Horrors,"A super hard and super scary game, with hours of gameplay to be had since it will take you that long to get off the boat after many deaths."
76561198177750199,Recommended,296710,18033021,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,TYM3NATOR,Very good game in my opinion but I'd say its only downfall is that its very repetitive and need more escape routes. This game has very good graphics and great gameplay as well. I also did like the idea of the monsters and how they all act very different in the given enviorments! It is expensive but it will leave you with plenty of time to see the monsters in action and try the different escape routes!
,Recommended,296710,28932607,Posted: 2 January,all,Jarmander,"Monstrum has a brilliant atmosphere and the roguelike mechanics and slow-burning story which you pick up through notes and tapes along the way make this game very replayable (so far).If you like the tense and mysterious atmosphere of Frictional Games' horror masterpieces, with the ability to play them over and over again - Monstrum is definitely a must play."
76561197974226436,Recommended,296710,33423013,Posted: 9 July,all,Firethorn,"Spoiler free-review, so I will be vague.BLUFF:  I enjoyed this game immensely.  Though, like with many things, the unknown is more horrifying than the known.The horror aspect is mostly gone after around the first 6 playthroughs, and I found it dropped considerably after I was finally successful at escaping the first time.  That said, it's still highly enjoyable, as you learn more about the habits of the various monsters and how to avoid them.  Each has different strengths, weaknesses, and special abilities.This amounts to a horrorifying combination of a scavanger hunt, hide&seek, and tag.  Where the monster is always it, and can end it with a single touch.  You can avoid this by hiding or running away, but the procedurally generated ship map will often have you going down blind cooridors with no alternative exit.  You need to go down them at least once to check for the items you need to escape, but the monsters are smart enough to know that if they haven't seen any other exits that you're probably hiding in the room at the end of the hallway.  Don't think you're safe just because you're hiding in a locked room."
,Recommended,296710,24745659,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Skipernicus,"You wake up alone on a big cargo ship. Spoiler: there's a  monster. This title supports VR on an Oculus, but you don't need VR to play it, and it's good enough to stand on it's own merits as a survival horror experience that even without using a VR headest, it's a great game.You DON'T NEED VR to play it."
,Recommended,296710,34245754,Posted: 14 August,all,T-A-E,"GREAT FOR BEGINNER SURVIVAL HORROR PLAYERSThis game is a great tool to learn how to play survival horror. It's arcadey. It's rules are consistant, the map and monster change every round, items spawn in set areas, and items can be hidden pretty much anywhere in their area. Playing this, you learn how to listen and distinguish sounds both good and bad, learn how to run and pay attention to your physical and sound presence, and learn how to begin facing the fear of imminent threat coming for you (Monster or other entity).I don't really have any negatives that concern the value of buying this game. It's a wonderful tool to teach new players how to play the survival horror genre, and it's a nice time filler for seasoned survival horror players.Anyone interested in the survival horror genre should play this game. From first timers to the veterans. It's absolutely worth it."
,Recommended,296710,24557112,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,MooshroomJockey,"I got this game quite a while ago, but I need praise it. It's horrifying. It doesn't rely on cheap jumpscares or loud random noises. Just the soundtrack is scary enough. When I purchased this game, it was only around $13 USD. I'd say the price is a little high now, but definitely a great game for fans of the horror genre."
76561198146473621,Recommended,296710,16011515,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Blue Whale,"I think that this game is an amazing game and highly recommend it for anybody who like survival-horror games. I would like to tell everyone  about the time when I was looking around the ship when i hear a weird noise so I go and look and there's a weird looking slime-like thing and I start to run. I run into a room and hide under a desk but the monster saw me so it started to walk towards me and I thought that it was going to drag me out and kill me but all it does is, even when it's at the desk, keeps on walking. So then I walk out of the desk and it's still walking in the desk so I was like ""Ummmm... the monster is stuck in the desk."" I laughed so hard it was so funny."
76561197977444987,Recommended,296710,23156589,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,EAFPeacemaker,"I don`t ever get scared by games, but after seeing the reviews I thought I`d try this. And it was on a very good sale.Again, my attitude is `It`s just a game with just animated pixels in a 3D virtual environemnt; it`s not real. There`s nothing to be scared of.Yet, when you start the game and start exploring this deserted ship, a sense of unease starts to grip you. You don`t know what happened. You know it isn`t good. You know that there`s something wandering out there, but it`s a game, how bad can it be?You walk down the eerily silent corridors with the odd flickering light. You enter a small room, find a torch, a fuse and a tape recorder you switch it on. The recording plays the voice of some guy talking about something strange going on. It dawns on you that the recording is quite LOUD. You dismiss the loud tape noise although a quiet volume control would be nice.Boom, boom, boom!The sudden sound of really heavy footsteps makes you jump- what the heck was that?BOOM, BOOM, BOOM!Cripes, that sounded like it was right outside the door. You crouch and try to find somewhere to hide before the door opens. There`s no other door, nothing to hide under. then you see what looks like large storage  cabinet. You try the handle- It opens! You crawl inside and wait. Wait.Something`s in the room now... searching about.I quit the game.Damn. No game has ever stressed me out like that before!10\10 for atmosphere and I haven`t even seen the Thing yet!Ok, the basics:You`re a lone survivor of some terrible catastrophe that has presumably killed the crew of the ship you`re on. You wake up confused in a small room and have to get out before whatever killed the crew finds you and kills you.There are items you need to find that will help you as you try to find a way out.Pros:1. Great atmosphere. You know something bad has happened.2. There`s something out there. Every now and then you can hear something walking about and it don`t sound Human or good.3. It hears if you make a loud noise or most noises for that matter- Be quiet.4. You can try to distract it by chucking breakable stuff, but it don`t always work.5. You can run. If you`re lucky, it will lose you. Hint: make many twists and turns. Try not to panic.6. You can set your controls to personal preference- essential in a game like this.7. The monster (I`ve met one) Are pretty horrible- And they WILL kill you if they catch you.8. Great sound effects from the ditsnt sounds of something opening a door to the pounding sound of running feet right behind you.9. Each new game randomises the ship rooms which adds real longevity to nthe game. Great idea.10. Apparently there are 3 monsters which randomise with each game. Great idea.Cons:1. To be honest can`t think of any. It would be nice to choose skin colour for those of us who aren`t white and want to be more immersed, but no big deal really.2. Monster (at least the one I saw before it broke my neck) are scary, but I`d like them even more frightening.Conclusion: Game that really manages to put you on the nervous edge of your seat. It doesn`t use jump scares, but the fear of the terrible unknown that you can`t possibly defeat; the blackness that wants to take you and doesn`t care.Very well executed. Recommended.For extra effect play at night with the lights off!"
,Recommended,296710,14913434,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Varus,"Excellent survival horror game. Puts you up against an enemy that cannot be killed, in an environment that cannot be escaped without finding proper tools. Get killed, and it's all over--no save files mean that death puts you back at the beginning in a newly randomized ship, with randomized item locations, and possibly a different monster.Difficult, beautiful looking, great sounding. Also utterly terrifying."
76561198099633414,Recommended,296710,24404985,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Googly eyed Nargacuga,This game scares me to the point that I refuse to leave the starting room10/10 can't start the game because I'm to scared
,Not Recommended,296710,18806331,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,stevaloo,"Super fun concept. Escape from a broken down freighter while a killer monster hunts you down. Random level generation is a double-edged sword, however.In reality, you have to scour each and every room for components to help assemble your escape vessel. There is almost no rhyme or reason to item placement; and since levels are random each time you start up, you have to stip search the ENTIRE ship. You can search drawers and hide in cabinets, but you'll find that both are kind of pointless at times. Sometimes they'll really jerk you around and hide an item under shelving/furniture.Notes do not provide clues as to where these items are located, but they do give some backstory into the crew members and how they perished. With 3 monsters, I expected the story to change each time and at least tell me which monster was going to torment me; the story is simply vague enough to be apllied to all three at once: therefore notes you collected from previous runs will be saved (which gets kind of confusing).The monsters are great. They will relentlessly hunt you down. I don't really care if they just ""spawn near you"" since that's exactly what Amnesia: The Dark Descent did, my problem is that for a game that is supposed to be replayable... you can't really do much other than run and hide. Monsters have almost no problem getting through locked/shut doors. You can use a fire extinguisher to stun them. Great... (Trapping, killing, or removing the monster from the ship would be fun as hell)TL;DRGood fun every now and then, but gets stale pretty fast."
,Recommended,296710,18241386,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,CJ701,"Monstrum is a very good horror game,its scary and very fun.The atmosphere of the game is really creepy.I also liked that the map is randomly generated and that the monsters are randomly picked every time.Also if you die you have to start all over again.I also liked that you can die by other things than just the monster like:Steam,falling from very high places,etc.There are traps in the game that can lure the monster to your location or other traps that just slow you down like:security cameras,holes in the floor,etc.In my opinion Monstrum is a very well made game but needs some modifications and bug fixing."
76561198210435645,Recommended,296710,18212146,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,ThomasClown,great fun game scary as hell should run good on most pc if u love horror games u should definitly get this fun and creepy perfect combination.
76561198183154635,Recommended,296710,21530770,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Night_Play,It's amazing!!!!
,Recommended,296710,33480016,Posted: 12 July,all,►FGW | Precipitator,"A very great and in-depth horror game. There are a lot of things to do, although the game may be very hard to play at times if you don't know what to do."
76561198108296385,Recommended,296710,30991048,Posted: 6 April,all,Dreamミ☆Cast,"This game is a nice addition to the horror genre. Having 3 different monsters that chase you as well as 3 different ways to escape offers a lot of variety and keeps the game fresh with every play through. Also the items change locations every time you die making exploration necessary and memory useless. This game is very hard however, the only reason why I've won is because the monster got stuck in the vents allowing me to walk around the ship without having to worry about dying."
,Recommended,296710,33687351,Posted: 20 July,all,Spooky Dr. Bright,"Incredibly tense survival horror, run and hide to survive. Good fun, difficult, and satisfying to win"
76561198155810365,Recommended,296710,17422247,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,TheLostSoul,Procedurally Generated Horror game. Need I say more?
,Recommended,296710,22611346,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,CHEEESE,"This game is something, and by something I mean the best survival horror I've seen. It makes you feel happy, then angry, then you rethink your life decisions. Now the jumpscares, can't say they are the scariest jumpscares I've ever seen. But it's that chill that runs up your spine when your running down a hallway, and you KNOW it's right behind you. So I love this game. And I don't see why you wouldn't love it either."
76561198029640083,Recommended,296710,23670701,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Gheist,"Oh my God, he can pull himself up?! It's a modern miracle in gaming. I cannot tell you how many times I have played a game that the main character couldn't pull himself up on a ledge that wasn't but a foot above him. That itself makes me love this game so far, but the creature design, WOW.I am so sick of great games with goofy creature design, Amnesia and Layers of Fear come to mind in particular, these are solid games that have great concepts and gameplay but I'm just not scared of the monsters in those games when I'm laughing at them. These monsters? Oh God RUN! DON'T LET IT TOUCH YOU!I REALLY like the random generated enviroments and starting locations too, that makes of a fresh experience even if you've already played through it as you know what to do, but don't know where what you're looking for is.The best part about this game is the sound design actually, PLAY IT WITH HEADPHONES, unless you have a baller speaker setup, you will not hear the subtle hints of your stalkers presence. With headhpones, I was able to hear not only the back round noise of the moaning metal of the ship, but faint footsteps that sounded rather heavy on their impact. When I went around a corner and set off an alarm, the footsteps grew quicker and progessively much louder and upon backtracking to a safe spot, I found the owner of the footsteps and began to yell and run, it was already too late.:[Play this game."
,Recommended,296710,34824716,Posted: 8 September,all,Sciaenops Ocellatus,"The claustophobic setting, the no-fight-only-flight mechanics, and the Lovecraft-esque monster designs combine to create an experience so nerve-wrackingly intense that I actually got too scared to keep playing.  This is coming from someone who got through Amnesia in one piece.So congrats, Monstrum devs, you made a game scarier than Amnesia.  I hope you're happy with yourselves.But anyways yeah, intense survival horror game here, I definitely recommend if you're looking for something to scare you so bad that your heart flutters kick in.  This is not an exaggeration, my heart flutters actually flared up while playing.  Hence the ""too scared to continue"" part."
,Recommended,296710,15225752,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Helios,"Interesting game, has lots of running and hiding. It provides the player with little information so leaving him confused and concerned. Monsters look quite scary, especially the small one. It looks like somthing from ""The thing"". Really difficult, i havent beat it yet. Apart from the diffuculty and the constant screaming of the word ""nope"" its a great game!Overall i give it a 7/10, just needs to be renamed to ""Nope Sim 2k15"""
76561197972729524,Recommended,296710,16695819,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Perus_TC,"Okay,for the people with the patience this is a great game.The ambient sounds are REALLY realistic and creepy.The gameplay is flawless.Random levels after death and reload.And THERE is the problem for ME.You die,you start over.I tried it twice and said the heck with it.Is it worth it for most players?    YES! For ME?    No.   Buy it if you like dying a lot and having    cold chills creep up your spine 'cause of the FANTASTIC sound design."
76561198014662470,Recommended,296710,16124099,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Make America Retribute Again,oh gawd some slimy ♥♥♥♥er i hearbut i had a planstep 1 get lighterstep 2 find gasolinestep 3 burn the ♥♥♥♥erthen he glitched out and was free to run about the shipable to start up helicopter10/10 would win by glitch againthis was the only time i beat the game
,Recommended,296710,25208871,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Sondre Andersen,"10 minutes into the game:• Sees a monster• Runs away from it, screaming like I'm getting butchered in real life• Gets taken by it• Gets killedI give this game 8/10 skidmarks in my boxers."
76561198135756672,Recommended,296710,14343692,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,sbobo3113,This Game Is Awsome It has alot of content. The game has three monsters   Brute is the lava monster    he is the fastest monster  but the dumbest.  you cam here him  walking around with large footsteps.     The Hunter is a gellyfish like monster it follows the player through the vents and The Hunter is smarter than the brute but slower.   you know you have the hunter when you see giant gel pustules growing on the side of a wall. sometimes these pustuls may go off and spawn The Hunter   and sometimes not if your lucky.  The Fiend is the newest monster and one of the smartest and scariest.  you knopw you have the fiend is you see a bunch off flickering lights. not any type of flickering lights but a lot of them.  the fiend causes lights in hallways and rooms to flicker when he's close.   Procedurall Map Generation. The map generation in monstrum is perfect ive never ever seen a map look the same ever. the outside of teh ship is the same but the inside is always changed.  and its smooth too.  The Ship in monstrum your on a ship of course and theres different areas on the ship.  deck 1-4 is the lower deck of the ship  deck 5-8 is the upper crew section. theres the cargo hold. The engine Room. The bridge.  Escapes  finnaly monstrum has three escapes that need diferent items. The Helicopter. The Liferaft. The Sub                                                                                                               This game is Not A Cheap Horror Game No Fake Jumscares There Is Actually A Monster walking Around A Preceedurally Generated Ship.     10/10 This Game Is Awsome    just have a good pc for fast laoding times.  maybe Just Maybe They Might Make a Sequel To This But this Game is worth It.
,Recommended,296710,31739290,Posted: 13 May,all,A Loyal Knight,"""Tip toe, by the win-""*Sees monster searching for you on a deck below you through the window*""On second thought, ♥♥♥♥ the window.""--------------------------------------------------------""Okay, I have this and-""*Steam pipes creak**Screams like a girl*--------------------------------------------------------*Start game**Get in game**Realize you don't have any idea which one of the three monsters you're going to be hiding from until it's to late, and that they don't have a set path and just wander until you do something stupid**Exit Game*--------------------------------------------------------10/10 would run into Fiend's back and hide sucessfully while having a heart attack again"
76561198010201182,Recommended,296710,16006605,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,marcus_dark_astaroth,"With this game you will♥♥♥♥♥♥ON YOUR PANTS.Don't underestimate this indie game, IS ONE OF THE MOST SCARIEST GAME I HAVE PLAYED.The atmosphere is terrifying, you feel unsafe all time.The music / effects are...you need to feel that.You need to use your instincts to survive.And the best (most frightening) of all... there are not map, all is random, so, each time you start again, everything is unknown again.Try to memorize the corridors and survive again...I recommend this game, play it at night, in the dark, with the headphones...then you will feel what i said."
76561197994955290,Recommended,296710,19601662,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Omega,"one of the best horror games i have played, and a big plus to junkfish for adding oculus rift support tooi love the game a lot and it is well worth the money i paid for it!Good Product Junkfish!"
76561198084521581,Recommended,296710,17904675,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,F13durante6,"this game is really good so far I being new to the game love it, I like alot of horror games and this is one of my new fav. I reccomend you try it for a good, kind of scary experienceI rate 10/10Nice to play with freinds or aloneWhat are u waiting for get it :P!!!!"
,Recommended,296710,17649190,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Knack 3: Rise of the Revenge,"IMO a very underrated survival horror gem!True Stories with Papa Afroduckie Time!My little brother had one of his friends over, diabolical me suggests spoopy games. This game enters the scene, grotesque as ever. Friend sits, friend plays, friend hears thumpy thump of distant horrific rock Satan with the eyes of Hades. Friend pees a little, turns around. Hello boulder Satan! Scream commences, ""OHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGOD!"" Runs. Gets neck resized by Rock Satan. Poops a lot. Pees even more. 11/10 IGN love this story."
,Recommended,296710,24713995,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,;),You know a game is scary when everytime you start a game you get too spooked and play something else.10/10 would get spooked again
76561197978981410,Recommended,296710,28239430,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Jay,"Since purchasing the Oculus CV1 i have been longing to scratch my horror itch. I wanted the same feelings i got with my DK2 and Alien Isolation but never managed to do it. Until now. Im sure this game is great without VR but let me tell you...its amazing with VR.Get some mates round, order some pizza and see which one of you can get off the boat. Made for one of the best and most hilarious nights in i've ever had!Pros - Great atmosphere, nice graphics, good cat and mouse gameplay, different playthroughs everytime, scary as hell at points, very tense and horrifying chase events when spotted coupled with decent sound design.cons - not many in VR, its just great,Suggestions for improvement:1) More monsters2) Better VR implementations (hiding in lockers, torches glithing through the doors ect)3) Random weather effects for when on the deck. ie storms that decrease visability and mask noises a little"
,Recommended,296710,24672907,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Randy Stair,"Got jumped by a hunterYelled ""THIS IS A BAD MEME"" irlgot too spooked to leave the closetreal life/10"
,Recommended,296710,15933253,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Mattyu,"This is one of those games where you need a nice set of headphones and a dark empty room to fully appreciate. The labyrinth like environment along with the eary and incredible sound design makes for an super tense experience. You play a bulk of the game simply scavenging and exploring, then once your in a false state of security...BAM! Your now running for your life. Sometimes you get a warning through the sound of the monsters, but other times you simply open a door and♥♥♥♥♥♥immediately hits the fan. If your a fan of alien Isolation or amnesia, this is your game."
76561198033771875,Recommended,296710,14627829,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Cawre,"This game is absolute horror (in the good way). Great atmosphere, good graphics, but most important: It's really scary! You are supposed to escape from this abandoned ship, which could be simple enough (if there weren't monsters lurking in the dark corridors). You have 3 ways (as far as I know) to escape and you need to gather different items for each of them. Each time you play things are different and you will not gaze into the same corridor next time you start up the game. I may have played this for only 20 minutes (because I freaked out and I'm too scared to continue atm), but I strongly recommend this game if you're a fan of camping in lockers like me, hahah.It's a horrifyingly great game that has even greater potential!"
,Recommended,296710,15757417,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Charlie Creston,"This game is good. Probably. I can't really tell, because even  on the lowest possible graphics settings the game runs an AMAZING 9 fps. One of the two biggest buzzkills in horror games are: bugs, and lag. The devs are clearly eliminating the bugs as fast as they can, and they seem to be doing fine, but when I can't even RUN the game, the bugs don't really matter. This lag is made worse as you explore. The more rooms you've seen and the more places you've been, there's just too much to render at once.I'll admit I don't exactly have the new Alienware computer, but I can handle many other games with nearly the same amount of graphics quality, and still be double the framerate of this. I don't know what it is that's taking the framerate down, but it really is the only reason I find this game unplayable.(that and It's extremely difficult. good job on that.)It is a great game, but you need a pretty gosh-darn powerful PC to get this to run smoothly. I can't even imagine trying to play on full quality graphics...ALSO you need to fix the stating tutorial area. I spent 5 minutes before I found out how to get out of there. The locker has very tight collision, you can't see anything, and you have no instructions on where to go. IT's made harder than it needs to be. Your character had to have gotten in there somehow, and IRL you could just feel your way along the wall out of the room. I just find it a bit frustrating."
,Recommended,296710,15879280,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,S3B666,"Great game !!! Still has some bugs in it but the game is still in early access. One of the major bug I had was that I had the keys for the helicopter in my inventory in the fifth slot and I decided to take an extinguisher, the extinguisher actually erased the keys from my inventory.Pros :-Procedurally generated levels-Original experience-Many different ways to finish the game-Different types of monstersCons :-Still have some bugs (17/05/2015)-You can die by falling throught the hole of a container near the helicopter (why !!!)-The monster seems to know where you are even if it is searching for you. Break the experience of this game and this is probably the biggest con about this game!!!Gameplay Video on Youtube"
76561198129148529,Recommended,296710,15259102,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Salstkbkr,"This game is good. Well, I didn't play it but I did download it. When I tried, I moved but I could not move my cursor to look around. I payed 15 dollars and I really wanna play."
76561198012714258,Recommended,296710,15860898,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Pistolz4Pandaz,"If you like games like Amnesia or Outlast you will enjoy this! Procedurally generated levels and permadeath mean that no 2 play throughs are the same. There are a few things that I wish were a bit different and some of the animations around your character are a bit wonky (when you crouch and look at your hand your wrist looks a bit messed). Overall a great game, I would say the greatest of this style since Amnesia: The Dark Descent!"
,Recommended,296710,15877632,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Mr Dishonored,i find this game very enjoyable.The only problem is the lagginess of the game.This is not a top quality game so it should not lag.
,Recommended,296710,15890913,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Mr. Black,"Two words: Tension, Apprehension."
76561198178328637,Recommended,296710,15149153,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Mr.X,"You guys like a little SCARE.... Munstrum is totally frighting from the very beggining you start. A non stop heart pounding Cat and Mouse game. A rocky, creaky empty cargo ship and a loose creature that constally hunts you. DONT FORGET TO BREATH."
76561198121460260,Recommended,296710,15576862,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Thelolwall9KSkinhub.com,Was listening to a radio in a locker waiting for big red to join the party... and he bursted through and we played hide and seek. he won. But he gave me a big hug. 12/10 would♥♥♥♥♥♥pants again. (3hrs over weeks of owning becuz im to ♥♥♥♥♥ to play anymore.)
,Recommended,296710,15737477,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,I'm Probably Drunk,"Monstrum is one of the most terrifying games I have played too date, second only to the original Fatal Frame games.The constant feeling of being stalked combined with claustrophobia caused by the environment leaves you with an intense sweat and the feeling of something breathing down your neck constantly. I was constantly on edge while I was playing.The sound design is perfect, and gives life to the ship itself; an environment brought to life as a character in it's own right, essentially.The two monters in the game currently are very good, and keep me on edge whenever I start a new game. The first few minutes are terrifying, as I'm struggling to hear audio cues telling me which creature is on the ship with me this playthrough. Depending on which monster you're stuck on the ship with, you'll have to change your playstyle accordingly, which is a nice touch to keep things fresh.There is no easy way out, or a switch you can flip to make you feel comfortable. The entire boat is it's hunting ground and it will find you.I have a few gripes with the game. While I appreciate the roguelike element to it, it does make finding specific items a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ Which, I understand is the point. However, it'd be more clear if certain items only spawned in certain sections of the ship. Duct-tape in the crew quarters, submarine batteries in the cargo bay, chain in the bowels of the ship, etc. The monster behavior seems a bit strange, too. Notably the brute. His footsteps can usually be heard given his tremendous size, but often times he would somehow sneak off without a sound, and appear right behind me. That's scary, to be sure, but I feel it betrays the point of that particular monster.That being said I'm in love with this game and will be playing it more in the future to be sure. I'm excited for the new monster and any changes to gameplay. Keep it up Junkfish <3"
,Recommended,296710,15340069,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Zombie,#awesome game
,Recommended,296710,15410518,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,FA1212ELL,"The game is extremely close quarters and will leave you wondering what's directly around the corner. It gives you a strong feel to turn the every corner slowly or peak every corner. Some of the noises come from different directions and will leave you guessing whether its noises from the boat or something else. With this game, it's all about taking chances or stay in one area shaking. The game tends to be extemely dark without any light which is very realistic but can also get you lost if you don't know where you're going.I can definitely see myself playing this game over and over again with how it randomly generates."
,Recommended,296710,24735972,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Dev Kev,Its a good game jsut abit on the scarey side and makes it hard to focus and play because your to busy hiding scared ready switch the pc off
76561198039605966,Recommended,296710,29110851,Posted: 8 January,all,cosmodayous,"Yes, 2.3 hours on record as i'm typing this. That's a good thing. It's too ♥♥♥♥ing scary to play a long time. My opinion? Go to your nearest local supermarket, grab a pack of adult pampers, and strap on your diaper mother ♥♥♥♥er. This'll make you♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants. Don't worry, the monsters only smell fear."
,Recommended,296710,22956847,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,ιτsᴍᴇᴊᴏsʜιᴇ,"I can't even leave the room when I hear a footstep, the vents or the lights flickerInstead I decide to troll the monster until being caught, then running back in the hiding space."
76561198367396068,Recommended,296710,35077705,Posted: 19 September,all,Night in the Woods,monstrum is a survival horror game where you are all alone on a cargo ship trying to escape but what you dont know is that there are monsters walking the halls looking for you you can either use the helicopter to escape the liferaft or the sub when you die its game over you cant save there are 3 monsters the fiend the brute and the hunter all  of them creppy as hell i reccomend this game 10/10 good game team junkfish
,Not Recommended,296710,27336510,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Team Skull Boss,"This game is garbage. I don't recommend this unless you're looking to get badges, then sure. I played Vanish and beat it first try. And Vanish was even better than this, and Vanish was so bad."
76561198022682375,Recommended,296710,34764122,Posted: 5 September,all,WiTh,Intense horror ;!+ procedural generated level+ good A.I.+ permadeath+ great sounds- sometimes mislead sounds of Monsters (like footsteps)Overal rating 8.5/10 ;!!
76561198064204893,Recommended,296710,25026750,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Hypercube,"Monstrum is a pretty fun horror game, for someone who is looking for nonstop heart attacks then this is what you're gonna wanna buy. (seriously this game is really tense and scary)"
,Recommended,296710,24926317,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,ZedShift,"Bought this when it was half off and I definitely think I got my money's worth. The ""storyline"" is good and the game mechanics are simple but fun and fair. There are definitely some great scary moments and the challenge level is mostly in the sweet spot. After beating it once, I was happy to find a lot of replay value to it as I really want to beat all 3 bosses.Also, I had to play this with graphics way scaled down on a non-gaming laptop, and even at those settings it was still very enjoyable. 7.5/10 would definitely recommend."
76561198153048205,Recommended,296710,35123858,Posted: 22 September,all,submariner103182,"Great game, supremely underated.  I think one thing that contributes to that is the kind of steep price tag.  $17.99 is a bit pricey for the content.  Don't get me wrong, the game is a lot of fun and definitely is a title that any horror fan should experience.  However, I still feel the price tag is a bit too high for what the game offers.  I do hope that the developers add a multiplayer aspect to the game.  Two (or more) survivors trying to outwit the monster and escape sounds like a really fun experience.  Also, a mode where a person controls the monster instead of the AI might work out well.  Team Junkfish, you really have a gem with Monstrum.  Please, don't neglect it for your future projects."
,Recommended,296710,18348592,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,MercifulTracer,Monstrum is an awsome game because it looks great and I believe it works with Oculus Rift (DK2). But for me the game is so hard so its a game that one would come back to after long periods of time.
76561198170100563,Recommended,296710,15963613,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Bleach,THIS.GAME.IS.F**KING.SCARY. I LIKE IT.
76561198175118251,Recommended,296710,20474737,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,wkary,"Hi i really like this game, it scares me every time .but it will be really nice if you(TeamJunkfish) can create a multiplayer , i mean that 2 players run away from one , two or all monsters(coop mode) or 1 player controlls a monster and one player tries to escape (pvp mode)you have to buy this game it is sooo nice"
76561198012679115,Recommended,296710,23161371,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,WTF,"I am the type of person that likes to play Outlast or Alien Isolation at 3:00am with the lights off.So, after that, i started the game, walked around, then suddently appeared somenthing like a spirit and killed me, ok.Second try, now i took it more slowly and aware... after the first minuntes i started hearing steps coming from the direction where i was going, so i just turned around and continued my exploration. The steps didnt stop, and it was like.. ¿rlly?, then i arrived to a stair, i made some steps and then i saw something dark and big upside the stairs, the thing turned around... So in that moment... i made a f***** sprint that could beat Usain Bolt many times, i got into a room, i hided myself under something... and stayed some time there hearing the steps non-stop.The question was... ¿and now? how i manage to explore with that thing there? to be honest that frustrated me.I hope that if you stay enough time hidden the monster goes to take a walk somewhere else.Anyways, if you want to♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants off, buy this game, the tension atmosphere is so well created that is near to be unplayable.... i would like to have less tension on the game to explore with more freedom, but that's not possible, you are aware and tense every single second you are playing, even when you are in the safety of a room.4/5I would like to have difficulty options for that what i said."
76561198078039725,Recommended,296710,19404783,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,AI (bot),You wake up somewhere. You investigate. You find out that you're on a ship. You find out that you're not the only thing on this ship.
,Recommended,296710,18265964,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Sam /-/,"First, let me say that my playtime is incorrect. I reckon I've actually played about 20 hours, but that was on a cracked version.I only had the cracked version to try it out, and I had no money. But yes! I got some money and I've bought it!Don't hate on me :0Oh and btw yeah the game is sick and really scary, it's well optimized, and graphics are great. If you like being scared to death, get this game c:"
,Recommended,296710,17195387,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,MW1656,"This game was made so well. It really scared the pants out of me. Nice job Team Junkfish! I recommend this game to anyone who is a hardcore gamer to test their skills and see if they can beat the challenge. People who are not so much of a gamer should also try it to test their knowledge if you were stranded on an abandoned boat, what would you do to escape?"
,Recommended,296710,14471921,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Reicha7,Played this a number of times on my girlfriend's account first before getting it. Probably tried to escape 8 times already and none of them have succeeded. The challenge and extremely well developed procedural systems in place make for an interesting and ever changing experience. The monsters provide such different challenge. Faced 2 different ones so far and both of them are horrifying. Definitely worth a play for anyone who loves horror. Massive props to the dynamic audio and fantastic set dressing. Very polished as well; does not feel like an early access game. Very nice to see a horror game come out of Scotland too!
,Recommended,296710,23272132,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Neon-NS,"Certainly a magnificent horror survival game. Even though i've already finished all 3 escapes, evaded all 3 monsters, and unlocked all achievements, i still come back for more playthroughs of it."
,Recommended,296710,28148245,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Catwheel,"One of the more solid horror games. Monsters seem typically fair. Can be a little gimmicky at times in that you just need to know what to do to win, and then there isn't much horror, but still pretty good. A horror game with re-playability"
,Recommended,296710,16429129,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Bonnielicious,"All right, at first sight this might look like your average poorly made horror game with no story, you alone in a place and a monster wanting to hug you to death. Yeah, we have some of that basic formula.However, this one is set on a procedurally generated derelict cargo ship, where you'll have 3 different means of escaping from one of the randomly picked 3 monsters currently present in the game. And I can assure you, it won't be easy. The monsters seem to have wallhacks at times, and the items needed to repair and use one of your escapes (a liferaft, an helicopter, a submarine) are randomly scattered across the ship, which is LARGE and easy to get lost in.You'll need to survive long enough to find everything you need to escape using your smarts, your stealth, and your speed, should the need arise. You can run, you can create distractions, you can sneak, you can hide; whatever works at the moment.Each monster has different abilities and characteristics, and while you'll need specific items to escape, you'll also find several misc items that will help you survive longer, creating light to see better, noises to distract the monster or being able to stun it for a few seconds, letting you escape a certain death.While costing a fairly high amount of cash and not being completely bug free, other than suffering from poor performance in a few situations, it's completely worth a try. If your wallet is too light or you don't fully trust this game, just wait for major sales.With this game you get the treat and the trick. With advanced AI, randomly generated rooms and items and high difficulty this game is certain to not become boring even after a while. And it will surprise you. Many times."
,Recommended,296710,16437991,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Flandre,"Horrifying.You take the role of a poor being stuck on a ... ship of sorts, with a random generated levels, permanent death, and 3 different types of monsters that you will be haunted by. You'll require a few different strategies for each one, and you'll never see the same thing over and over in new levels. Keeps the traditional panic and tension mood, killing your sanity after a while. A good horror game if you like something to spook yourself with."
,Recommended,296710,14874158,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Vojnitek,"In a nutshell, Monstrum is one of the best examples of scare tactics used in video games. It's not perfect, of course, but it's orders of magnitude ""creepier"" than similar cat-and-mouse horror games like Alien: Isolation. The ambiant noises/music and limited storyline really add to the horror.It's a very complex mixture between ""I feel completely vulnerable and helpless"" and ""I think I can make it this time!"", which is both weird and impressive. It might have something to do with the lack of 'saving', forcing the player to do or die...literally. Personally, I like that you have to start fresh every time - just like the old days. Modern gaming has gotten too dependent on being able to 'save' whenever is convenient, which only adds to the horror that this game brings.Also, his game is hard. Very hard. Just because you beat it once doesn't mean you can beat it again. After playing for 10 hours, I only beat the game once, and it was only due to an accidental glitch (I think?). It's a really good challenge, and a lot of fun to play or watch.So should you get this game? Yes. Especially if you're a fan of horror/survival. It's worth it."
,Recommended,296710,21316462,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,The First Sponge,"Not many games can scare me, but this game helped me realize I'm a chicken.10/10 - ign would play again."
76561197971198126,Recommended,296710,28552937,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Kaputtnik,"Scary! VR is nauseating, beware."
,Recommended,296710,17166991,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Red Raven,16 STEP GUIDE ON HOW TO PLAY THIS GAME:1. Wake up2. Adventure for around 5 minutes3. Hear something.4. Hide under desk for 10 minutes.5. See massive brute thing6. Run under desk and cry7. Get found and get killed.8. Start new game.9. Adventure for 5 minutes.10. See lights flicker11. Panic12. Hide in locker13. See little tan demon purple-energy thing14. Die.15. Turn off game16. Uninstall.8/10 Great horror game
76561197999124196,Recommended,296710,23106291,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Derpchief,"A very solid horror game,maybe not on par with Outlast or Alien Isolation,but definitely far above the tripe Unity engine 1-4 horror games farted onto steam to make a quick buck.Although its very expensive for what it is so I would get it on discount of 50% and up.Have fun."
,Not Recommended,296710,30971247,Posted: 5 April,all,Humaniterrorist,"*I have not played the game with VR*I bought Monstrum because multiple reviews said it compared to Alien: Isolation.Unfortunately, I don't agree.While playing A:I, I was under constant stress and was genuinely terrified of the Xenomorph. In Monstrum, I just... can't get in to it. Avoiding the monsters is annoying instead of frightening. Running around looking for the items feels more like a chore instead of giving me the impression I need to escape impending doom.The game isn't terrible, but I haven't been able to achieve an emotional (fear) attachment to the game like with A:I. For this reason, I am unable to recommend the game, if that's the type of experience you're seeking. However, I'm not done playing it and I will update my review if my feelings change."
76561198148435567,Recommended,296710,18173899,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,papa smurf,Good
,Recommended,296710,17274684,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,SFODDelta,"This is by far the scariest game i've ever played, and has great story line development through the nothes you collect (I have yet to collect them all but most of the I have). And the soundtrack is amazing, every little sound makes your hairs stick up. But the biggest jolt of fear you will experience is when the start chasing you, and you have to run, not knowing how far behind you they are or where to go. It's a great experience, and realitively cheap for a quality horror game."
76561198109153282,Recommended,296710,17381340,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,The Backdoor,"At first as a horror lover, I thought this game wasnt as scary as people said it is. And 15 minutes into the game, I didnt know who the monster was, and I didn't know what to do. I was slightly terrified and when I finally got to the top deck of the ship, I turn back and I was screaming like a ***** when I saw something between a human and a dog skeleton covered in Jello running at me while shrieking. I was terrified and I felt like I was violated. After reading the wiki. I got to know that monster. And that made me greatfull that I didnt get a chance to run away.Pros:+ Scary+ Random monster each playthrough+ Map is randomized+ The monsters are unique+ Great atmosphereCons:+ Sometimes laggy+ Textures are messed up at times+ No save+ Can't choose what monster you want to play withMy playthrough:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xt_eqPVHpFo"
,Recommended,296710,17187226,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Gurra Gamer,100000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000/10 love it
,Recommended,296710,14700017,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,GAWMan,"v0.8.3I think what makes Monstrum an effective horror game is how they use nothing but the most core sounds to scare you: creaking floorboards, the footsteps of the monster walking around, and the occasional pipes bursting. To beat the game you really need to use the sounds effectively, whether by listening to determine where the monster is, or by throwing noise makers to distract the monster.Another feature of the game is the variety in each playthrough. Items, spawns and monsters are randomized each game so it feels new and interesting each time. Despite its higher end price I definitely think it is worth playing."
76561198042814201,Recommended,296710,18458226,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Hoopermation,"Where to begin with Monstrum?First, let's talk about the VR implementation. It is damn solid. The game runs beautifully in VR, and looks great too. They also provide a little dial around you that tells you where you're character is oriented, and where you're looking with the headset. It's a good indicator for when you need to reset the headset orientation.In fact, the VR is TOO well done. While playing with my Oculus Rift, I had never actually had pure terror instilled in me by a game before, and Monstrum did just that. I was cowering underneath a table, listening to the brute stomp around looking for me. Scariest gaming experience to date.Now let's look at the game's mechanics as a horror game. The thing they do right, is give you a goal right when you start. There's nothing I hate more than wandering around in a horror game not knowing what the hell I'm doing. What's the point if I don't have something to work for? And this goal actually adds a lot to the horror element. It gives the player a much greater sense of survival and wanting to live, making the game even more terrifying. The noise mechanic is also a pretty big staple of horror games, but for a reason, it works. It gives the player hope that they have a chance of escape in a bad situation.Basically, the game gives the player just enough ability to survive, while keeping the terror meter cranked on high.10/10 would crap my pants again."
76561198161862254,Recommended,296710,17015853,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,mrsaturn01,2spooky4me
,Recommended,296710,28341899,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,DouBle L,"its a good horror game, it has a really scary atmosphere and i enjoyed it.but the annoying thing is.. you cant even move. the monster always camp next to you -_-only at the first 5 mins of the game you can search for stuff, but then he go to your place and camp.it would be a better game if you fix that bug and add to it more things, like multiplayer :Dbut still fantastic game :)"
,Recommended,296710,31913547,Posted: 23 May,all,Alona,"If you enjoy games like Amnesia: The Dark Descent and Outlast then this is one game definitely worth trying out. Just like many other horror games, the story goes a little like this. So your character (whos name I don't know) you play as has woken up on a cargo ship with no recall on how and why he's here. As you start to explore the grimy dark lit corridors you start to get the feeling that you're not alone. As you begin to find notes and tape recordings throughout the ship you soon find out that you're being hunted. By what exactly, well you'll have to find that out yourself.Pros:- Very Scary- Good Graphics- Lots Of Replay Value (that's more opinion)- Amazing SoundtrackCons:- Pricey (best to buy when it's on sale)- Insta DeathOverall I highly recommend that you give this game a shot. It packs a very hard punch that to this day is still stained on me. You either like it or love it.9/10"
,Recommended,296710,18009682,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Bart Simpson,terrifying
,Recommended,296710,18837787,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Hamburger,Starts game. Hides in a locker after walking only one corridor. lights start to flicker. Quits game.Proves that I should not play horror games.
,Recommended,296710,31910710,Posted: 22 May,all,smartbombradio,Scary as hell on the Rift.
,Recommended,296710,17196149,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Hu,"The worst and most difficult game that I've played! Thank you to the publishers and developers behind it, the game is decent and not a bit sorry that I bought it. The whole atmosphere felt on this ship, each of the monsters in its scares and no monotony! So complex and scary game that you more than half of the game will sit either in the Cabinet or in the drawer:D the Best horror I've ever seen! Like!"
76561198058464992,Recommended,296710,20206757,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,King Of Goats,Very good100000000000000000/10 would accedently refund again
76561198139918739,Recommended,296710,34364867,Posted: 19 August,all,happYMonkey124,"man this game was fun i've managed to give myself ptsd, which is what you want from a horror game. It was difficult and terrifying but i had fun with it. Great Game"
,Recommended,296710,26244856,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Cham? Jarred? Who knows?,"Something about Monstrum gets me like other ""horror"" games don't usually have the ability to. It sets up a great atmosphere in the form of an abandoned cargo ship, and you'll immediately be stricken with an overwhelming sense of dread at your situation without knowing why. You've got 3 different potential ways of escaping the ship, and you'll need unique items for each one. Sound design is great, though it does use a fairly cheap trick of intentionally making certain sounds suuuuuuuuuuuuuuper quiet, and others blaringly loud. Gameplay is slow and intimate, and the controls feel very realistically sluggish. Graphics are about on par for a higher-end walking simulator, but overall it's a lot more than that.All things considered, if you're looking for a relatively inexpensive game with a tiny bit of replay value and some thrill factor, you'll probably like Monstrum."
,Recommended,296710,17393562,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,DaYoLoMaster801,Love it but it gets boring after awhile so me and my friend play back to back. and this game NEEDS MULITPLAYER!!
,Recommended,296710,20818713,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Xenilla,Entered the gamewondered around the shipgets the♥♥♥♥♥♥scarred out of me by the BruteDiesToo scarred to play it again
76561198275553162,Recommended,296710,29161990,Posted: 10 January,all,JarrettGamingLee,This is a really good game and it is so much fun!!!!!
,Recommended,296710,28444331,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,P0SEID0N csgoblocks.com,Plis mor updeits.
,Recommended,296710,18861808,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Pathan Reynn,I heard loud steps and was afraid to move to another room.I was in the first room.I'm still in the first room.Help? :C
,Recommended,296710,16235269,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,null,this is a great gameonly played a few minutes so farnow excuse me while i go change my pants
,Recommended,296710,16162017,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Black Dow,"Well, I'm a shade over an hour and a half into this game, and I've died so many times I've given up counting, I haven't even gotten close to escaping once... and I'm really enjoying myself!It's not perfect - leaning, for example is so ineffective as to be utterly pointless, and sometimes the flashlight briefly stops illuminating things - but then what £12.00 indie horror game is?  It's certainly better than BS like Five Nights At Freddie's.Well worth the money if you ask me.  It's a bit like playing Alien Isolation again, but in bitesized, single session chunks."
,Recommended,296710,16583918,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Lord Etanur,I died a lot. And that was fun.
,Recommended,296710,16440469,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,AmnesiacJack,Play with diapers on.
,Recommended,296710,26990175,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,The Pinpoint,"Very scary, yet very challenging: A great experience all the way through. BUT: It's time for some new content.Overall: Simple. Difficult. Will give you a heart attack multiple times."
76561198198419723,Recommended,296710,17499485,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Rave,This game is cool
,Recommended,296710,14265305,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,defibrillator_saurus,"So good!!! Very intense and fun, looking forward to the third monster! I'd give it 8/10, but if more content comes like promised then it has the potential to hit 9/10.Please do yourself a favour and buy it."
76561198044990768,Recommended,296710,14243669,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,FiB | jdp092,"A great horror/ survival experience recommended for fans of Amnesia, Alien Isolation & Outlast amongst others. 'Monstrum' already boasts well polished visuals with nail biting gameplay and it's only in Early Access!Because of the procedural nature of this game, 'Monstrum' has a tonne of replayability and can easily be enjoyed for hours!"
76561198071846603,Recommended,296710,14286700,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Grandma,"I got caught off guard.Proceeded to deliberately run into some steam to get a game over.Wasn't scared though.Very strong sound design. I admire how the developers made their sound effects by placing a microphone into a portal leading to the deepest, most twisted pit of hell. That was a nice touch."
,Recommended,296710,15801824,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,jinjj1992,"save OUTLAST for my first Oculus Rift experience, so have time to check this one...but i found this game is awesome toooooo.dont have any story line, only thing u have to do is survival.find items, use them to help u escape from monsters.Graphic is surprisely good, not need to compare to Alien and outlast, it is quite like Amnesia or damned, textures are detailed. love textures have so many details on it LOL.Game environment really focus on horror movie style, depressive, nervous but exciting, u wont know what will happen at next corner.Sound FX is always important to a horror game, so far it did well, but only 1.6 hours really cannot say a lot haha.wish i can remember to rewrite it after i finish this game.....lol"
76561198273050986,Recommended,296710,30975617,Posted: 6 April,all,MATEJUS,This is a lot of fun.But please raise the texture.
,Recommended,296710,23127064,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Jabbawocky007,Got so scared I threw my flashlight over the railing into the sea by mistake. 10/10
,Recommended,296710,16347930,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Aldrenean,".5 hours is all I need to know that I am probably not going to play this game very much, but that's only because I'm a gigantic wuss when it comes to horror games. If you enjoyed Amnesia and/or Alien: Isolation, but want a replayable game you can finish in a single sitting, check this out. I do wish you could save your game, but that's a minor complaint."
,Recommended,296710,31921877,Posted: 23 May,all,Captain Ewooin,"Ooooh boy this game disclaimer I do NOT hate this game i just think it's kinda boring the game feels like everyother horror game the atmosphere is great but...it has near to no story most of the time i was playing this game i was hiding in a toilet locker...now that i said that it does sound stupid but anyway as i was hidding the monster for what felt like 5 minutes it went away then after two seconds i went out and then it came back crap a.i if i do say so myself there is NO save feature... but it is randomly generated so it has that going for it so the main ""objective"" is to run and get items to work a raft a hellecopter or a submarine the game is creepy but it NEEDS an update to give it a better story and to improve the a.i so junk fish studios if you're wanting to improve the game fix some proablems...oh wait yeah people who make games don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥..oh well i got it for 2.95 on a steam sale"
76561198140924982,Recommended,296710,33978107,Posted: 2 August,all,c_emerson,its the best horror game ever junk fish i hope you make a sequel to monstrum and allso im 11 years old i get jumpscared a lot witch is great i love your game
,Recommended,296710,15829730,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,WithLoveFromTom,Terrifying. One of the greatest 16 minute sessions of my life...
76561198179854995,Recommended,296710,17681510,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,LiveTrip [Simone],Iam the Mother from z!len!My son died of a heart attack.Not for Users with a low hearthR.I.P z!Len
,Recommended,296710,25417044,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,DeepDishPizza,"Bounced on my boy's fuel pump for hours to this game, it gives a sense of repetit - repitet - repititivness? YOU GOTTA DO SOMETHING A LOT I GUESS. The game definetely has a bang for it's buck though, the start is slow but as you survive longer and longer your momentum builds and strategy comes easy against all the monsters. The game definetely plays the horror card well as instead of petty jumpscares the ambience and your initial experience with the sounds along with the architecture are enough to keep you on your toes like trying not to look like a manlet among your 6'4 comrades in a group photo even though your ex left you for your friend Josh who you still decided to pose with because he helped teach you how to tie your shoes as a kid which formed a strong bond between the both of you which made the heart break even worse oh gOD MELLISA WHY DID YOU LEAVE ME I DID EVERYTHING I COULD TO TRY AND MAKE YOU HAPPY I EVEN WENT AGAINST MY FAMILY'S RULES BY TAKING A BREAK FROM WORK JUST TO SEE YOU WHEN YOU WERE IN THE HOSPITAL WHY DON'T YOU LOVE ME ANYMOREOverall this game gets my thumbs up, try to wait for it to go on sale though as it's current price doesn't seem as appetizing as the gameplay presented.The planes that flew into the twin towers were actually holograms made by Ted Cruz to take heat off the zodiac killings and to kill my uncle who was just about to invest in a permanent policy to end world hunger which would strengthen the nation and make potential victims harder to kill due to not being malnourished spread the word. Scott Baio also taught me how to raise my child"
,Recommended,296710,15601208,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,DankGamer,"Thanks to this game, I need new pants...10/10"
,Recommended,296710,17542706,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Buckethead,"This game is incredible, and one of the best indie horror games ive ever seen. Pros and Cons?Pros-------Very good AI.Incredibly scaryHuge mapLoads of hiding locations, but none of them are 100% safeLots of itemsDetail put into the escape routes (Life raft, helicopter, submarine)Good audioNice graphics, while maintaining good fps(Well optimized)Relatively long game (could take an hour to 3 hours to beat)Not easy to beat eitherWell thought out and detailed monsters, all with their own strengths and weaknessesGreat enviroment and atmosphereInteractive enviroment (can flush toilets, move furniture, open drawers, ect)Fair priced for its great qualityNotes around the map allow you to learn a little bit of the story are cool and plentifulGreat soundtrackCons-------Some clunky animationsSecurity cam monitors are copy and pasted imagesSecrutity cam noises are buggy, and stop suddenly when you dont look at them, even if it can still see youThe escape pics could be a lot cooler if it were a video, and not just pics, but a step up from before atleastThe ocean looks a little wierdYou can die from falls you probably woundnt even sprain an ankle irl fromOverall, the pros clearly outdo the cons. Great game. I definatly reccommend it to anyone into the horror genre and think it is definatly worth its price."
76561198123412837,Recommended,296710,15920368,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,python4161 4K,Had my a**e flapping like a hummngbird.10/10 would use my own s**t as a life raft again.
,Recommended,296710,15924992,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,ROW,"gripping panic, fear and fun( if u like running for your life and hiding, praying the sound of your beating heart wont ping your location)get it, i got it, love it coz i do and rl buff up b4 your load in. you will need it."
76561198000139087,Recommended,296710,28722839,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,jOHNOh,Excellent alternative to laxatives.Ruined pants/10
76561198180337530,Recommended,296710,28605390,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Vultar,The best horror game.
,Recommended,296710,16396996,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Fraqster,I got in the first few minutes and pretty much alt+F4'd the ♥♥♥♥ out. If you like noping out every few minutes than this is your game.
,Recommended,296710,31962208,Posted: 25 May,all,seanmcclure,This game is hard. The corridors are tight and every game things are randomly placed. There are a lot of dead ends and you will die a lot if you are not careful.
,Recommended,296710,30392178,Posted: 8 March,all,skunkdude,"Game scared me, I don't want to play it anymore."
,Recommended,296710,19445276,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,tomsmith902,WARNING DK2 USERS.FORGET EVERY HORROR GAME YOU HAVE PLAYED.THIS MAKES AFFECTED LOOK LIKE CRASH BANDICOOT.THIS IS HOLY JESUS CHRIST MONKEY BALLS SCARY.THE MONSTERS LITERALLY CHASE YOU AND BREAKDOWN DOORS - THEY ARENT JUMPSCARE THEY ARE EXTERMELY TACTICAL IN THE WAY THEY HUNT YOU DOWN.IF YOU WANT TO BE LIKE SCARED 7 YEAR OLD WITH♥♥♥♥♥♥IN HIS PANTSTHIS IS THE GAME FOR YOU.ITS F-ING AWESOME!!!
76561198181572130,Recommended,296710,14783247,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,flavaflave,"runs great, jump scares all over but as usuall the steam is the most agrivating"
,Recommended,296710,14407058,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,PhantomDoc2,Brilliant Game! Highly recommend it! Keep Up the great work Team Junkfish! ~PhantomDoc2~ (Lois)
76561198128907765,Recommended,296710,14843173,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,cole_parker35,It works now good job developers its amazing
76561198121537954,Recommended,296710,23997421,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,SithSlayerAlpha,The game runs smoothly and it like to keep you paranoid  10/10
76561198018724030,Recommended,296710,16819735,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Zunicorn,"The only way to play is alone, and in total darkness. I dont care if you are a wimpy 10 year old or the ♥♥♥♥ing terminator, you will soil your pants."
,Recommended,296710,17905808,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Bomb ass dank ass down up north,went from twenty spooky all the way to a hunnid spooky real quick2/2valve taught me how to count
76561197986006218,Recommended,296710,26281521,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,ratari,amazing experience with the oculus CV1!
,Recommended,296710,27186555,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ECL1PS3,N1 game
,Recommended,296710,16374226,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,bonerwizard,I <3 Monstrum
76561198293625600,Recommended,296710,24085892,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Mystogan.,"The perfect Alt+f4 Simulator when the monsters seeks you.10/666, would alt+f4 again.Few pro tips ahead, scroll down.More!Good job, keep goingalt+f4."
76561198062576557,Recommended,296710,23176623,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,gamer3x,this game is scaryer then any game on the oculus rift!!!! I worst then Dreadhall!! AND I LOVE IT!!!!!! it worth buying and your love it i promise my sweet loves :D
,Recommended,296710,26934445,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Red Pyramid,I think I♥♥♥♥♥♥myself....
76561198075287852,Recommended,296710,27709964,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,[RHY][R-PVT]sanman6046,AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH MAGIC BRUTE AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH MAGIC HUNTER AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH MAGIC FIEND AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
,Recommended,296710,34434007,Posted: 23 August,all,Leader Chad,great game
76561198271757060,Recommended,296710,26446778,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,G3t0wnt,"Monstrum is a randomized roguelike indie horror game that will scare the pants off of you if you're a pansy.  Therefore, I like this game.This game does a lot of things well.  It creates a unique atmosphere, complimented with some really nice graphics.  It does a good job creating fear within the player due to the element of the unknown, joined with the randomization of each and every round you play.  While I feel like there is still more to do with this game, its one of those every-now-and-then kind of games where you can throw yourself into an enviroment where you start from scratch every single time.Pros (From the perspective of a pansy)>Mysterious, stressful and dark atmosphere>3 different monsters, and you don't know which one will spawn.>3 (maybe 4?) different escape routes, and you don't know which one will present itself to you the easiest.>A lot of obstacles such as exposed floor planks, broken steam pipes and dead ends that can put you in one stressful chase.>Security cameras will sound an alarm if they see you for too long, and they will (you guess it), attract the monster.>Different levels to the ship, providing different elements, the crew deck contains more residential objects: duct tape, cups/bottles, flashlights, while the cargo hold can contain chains or gasoline.>There are a few others, but I believe that the player should experience those things in the game itself.The Monsters(I believe this deserved its own little description, so if you don't want spoilers, go to the cons)The Brute: This massive humanoid figure is probably the easiest to go up against.  He has light projecting from his face, which makes him very noticeable in any area of the boat.  He also stomps around, clearly announcing himself and letting you know how close by he is.  Despite his size and such, I believe that he may be the smartest of the three, just from my observation.  Once you trigger a camera, he will patrol that area ENDLESSLY.  It's almost annoying, but he will stick around for a long time until he finds you/gets bored.The Hunter:  I consider this guy the medium-difficultly kind of guy, but don't underestimate it at all.  This thing will come up behind you without a sound and kill you on the spot (and then make you change your pants).  He seems semi intelligent and won't trail you for long.  However, if he notices you while you've been in the same area a few times, I've seen him literally wait for me to come back.  Side-note: he crawls through vents and can somehow come out of egg sacs that he'll leave on the walls.The Fiend:  My least favorite, and definitely the hardest.  Reason being, he has no legs.  He actually levitates around.  This is bad because you can't hear him coming.  However, you can tell he is nearby when the lights around you begin to flicker very frequently.  This guy is very hard to run away from, because if you're in his sight, he can actually paralyze you with his psychic powers.  Besides his ability to use his brain to open doors and make your heart pop out of your chest, he actually seems the most stupid, unless he's just glitched.  I hid inside of a locker once while he was in the room.  He stood in front of my locker for a minute and just looked at me.  I even sprayed him in the face with a fire extinguisher, and he just up and left the room.  Either glitched or he skipped grade school.Cons:>I feel like due to the randomness and permadeath element of the game, despite it being well done, I think an $17.99 pricetag is a bit steep.>I feel like there is still a lot more to the game that could be added.  For instance, game modes, there could be an infinite darkness kind of mode where the ship is dark as night without being able to turn on the lights with fuses and such.  Or, having all three monsters spawn at once kind of deal.  Or even having the ability to edit their intelligence/difficulty.  Just the little things.>I think the camera-spawn rate should be lowered, while adding other sound-triggering devices into the game, like creeking floorboards, or opening a locker just to have a whole bunch of loud-breakable objects fall out and make a ton of noise.Overall, this game is great.  I really hope they add more to it because it has a lot of potential.  Unfortunately, a randomized roguelike horror game can only go so far until people walk away from it forever.  I think making more curveball kind of situations or even MORE monsters wouldn't be bad at all.Rating: 9/10Note: I did beat this game before, I was up against the hunter and was mere feet away from the life raft before the game crashed.  Sadface :("
76561198283429716,Recommended,296710,34529904,Posted: 27 August,all,FinnishHorror,Very Much Like Alien isolation.  Good!
,Recommended,296710,32113940,Posted: 1 June,all,stormfury 63,"I LOVE this game! its scary, but fun at the same time! so recomended."
76561198276920145,Recommended,296710,32119212,Posted: 1 June,all,Alex.D,It is fun and pretty scary. Could be better though
76561198104037618,Recommended,296710,24623255,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,chaos spawn,"one of the best games i have played in a long time. its fun and becouse there is no save it makes it soo much more intence.in my opion it gets a 9.9 out of 10, a must buynow im off play"
76561198051792555,Recommended,296710,24600523,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Cornbread,Too scared to finish
,Recommended,296710,31166506,Posted: 15 April,all,i wanna rock,"triggers your instincts fight or flight like no otherconsidering most other horror games follow an ab formula - enitrely predictable in formula - monster is humanoid, yells, staggering with lame ai - monstrum brings something entirely new to this otherwise trite♥♥♥♥♥genrewith randomly generated maps and monsters paranoia will set in no matter how many times one has played'molloy trips through the corridor as the orange dude yanks his femur out'"
,Recommended,296710,24242677,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,cms930,I like that monster with that red glowing face.
76561197970660625,Recommended,296710,30318133,Posted: 4 March,all,HotCoffeeDude,"Normally don't bother reviewing older games that I pick up on the cheap, but this one was a nice surprise.  Like an earlier, streamlined version of Alien Isolation. I really enjoyed the mechanics - it's just well put together.  Didn't run into any bugs or problems with it either, so it was a pretty smooth (if heart pounding) experience.Oddly enough I think it could have done without the procedural generation - the different ships don't feel that different and once you learn how the areas themselves connect you'll probably have escaped all of the creatures via all of the methods, but I love the random items.  I will say the monsters look better in motion than in screenshots.  Worth giving a chance."
76561198035019823,Recommended,296710,14601431,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Paper Airplane,This game is freaking great.
,Recommended,296710,17184116,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,luxury_yruxul,the game has some kind of bug that allows me to see the monsters threw the walls and alows me to see the cameras lends threw the walls. and when i try to use the flashlight it turns darker instead of lighter. the game has a bunch of dark spots and shadows that shouldnt be shown the lighting is all messed up. please please please fix it... i paid for the game to work properly thank you.
,Recommended,296710,18806204,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Dodo Dial-Up,"This is best survival horror game I`ve ever played. Every playthrough will be different than the last meaning items will spawn in different places each time you hit New Game. Making it last forever. The atmosphere is terrifying. I run this on a Intel HD Graphics Card along with 2GB Processor and this works like a charm. If you have the same kind of specs for your computer as mine than I suggest getting a game booster. Each of the 3 Monsters have different types of techniques and are very hard to avoid with the cameras in the way. The first time I played it was when someone gave it to me for free when it was still in early access early 2015. To the middle of the year I bought a computer, got steam, and downloaded this awesome game. This game also shares some simalraties with outlast and other labryinth type games. Some people might think that the graphics are a tad bit out dated but the model of The Fiend makes up for it. My favourite monster is The Brute who is the most agrressive and less intelligent compared to the 3 of them. The Hunter is more patient and waits in the vents until you set of a camera or pass him while he quietley waits. The Fiend is the smartest and is harder to lose against and hard to get him off your tale. The Hunter is the quietest and you cant tell when he`s coming. But The Brute and The Fiend have a uniqe warning. The Fiend is a ghost like demon and in hollywood movies they say that when a light starts flickering a spirit is near by. And when ever the The Fiend is near you can hear him floating and breathing, also lights start flickering too. The Brute stomps around and you can see his glowing face before he sees you.In the end I think that this game deserves 5/5 because of the textures, the framerate, the models, the atmosphere, the options, and the overall story.And if there is an employee from junkfish reading, please add Sparky to the game. ( A 4th Monster Would Be Cool) Whoever doesnt know who Sparky is he was meant to be a prototype for the brute who would be able to punish the player for running. He works like weeping angels.I recommend this game for ages 12 +-MrPiggyKinsP.S:If there really is a junkfish employee watching, please add in a feature where all monsters can come after the player, Thank you!"
76561198358047034,Recommended,296710,32962151,Posted: 28 June,all,Michaelkcf,"Honestly, The scariest game I've ever played.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T9-ZvuC24Og&t=309s"
76561197998873955,Recommended,296710,20385273,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,krazyivan008,"what i can i say,if your looking for that alien isolation/soma immersive fear that you will hide yourself inside a locker for hours to scared to come out .......then this game is definetley for you . the A.I is good ,i also reccomend trying it with oculus dk2 i mean WOW it messes with your perception and you feel like your really creeping around a rusted up ship in the middle of nowhere .......alone . with use of the oculus i rate it a 12/10, but running it in 2D i rate it 10/10 great game .i just updated my review in the time i have owned this game which was early 2015 i have not finished it, it is the one V.R horror game that has scared me enough to no be able to finish Well its 2017 and i am making it my mission to finish this game"
,Recommended,296710,21824938,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Raichu ϟtyle,"I have only played this game for thirty minutes so far, and then I had to take a break ... Whoa!For the first time throughout my YouTube horror channel hobby, I had to edit the volume down on a few select parts of my playthrough due to sheer panic. I should mention that this was combined with the Oculus Rift DK2 device, which should enhance the atmosphere and feel quite a lot (I have not tried without it, but judging by past experiences, the DK2 makes it seem so much more real and tense)!I play all my horror games blindly (going into the game without researching anything about it), and if you are reading this, then I think you should, too. Tune up your headset enough so you can hear the ambiance and detail. I remember at one point, I just crouched down in a corner, merely listening to the environment and trying to analyze something stomping around on another floor which was looking for something to eat, or at the very least something to scare the living soul out of!If you enjoy games rich on atmosphere and ambiance, and if you enjoy being scared, then definitely try this out. If you also happen to have an Oculus Rift device (DK2 or newer), then YES, definitely put them on and play this!"
76561198253361420,Recommended,296710,25641651,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,united flubs,great game! but could you make a thing where you build a ship then place the monster where he starts and make a workshop where you can get maps that would be awsome so you could chose all things plz do!!!!!
,Not Recommended,296710,24706942,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Squilliam Fancyson,"First off, take a look at the majority of positive reviews for this game. A large percentage of them are made by people ~2 hours or less of gameplay. Then half of those are just people saying ""monster popped up. Great game"". That should tell you something about this game right off the bat.People get bored of it really fast.The game's concept is not bad, on paper. You're trapped on a ship with a monster. Escape. But it's just so poorly executed it's not worth the $18 price tag.I came directly from playing Alien Isolation and the controls just feel clunky and cumbersome, even compared to other indie titles like Outlast and Amnesia the controls still feel clunky. None of it really feels smooth, especially crouching and leaning. This negates the stealth option and just makes the cop out to run everywhere.The story for this game is just poor. It's really the main reason why I can't recommend this game because it kills the games replayability and incentive toactually play.After discovering all 21 notes it's a disappointment. The story you discover is weak and doesn't motivate you to keep playing like the story in a game should.This brings me to the permadeath system. The implementation just feels like a cop out so they didn't have to write a compelling story.  It seems like the only reason it was implemented was so people would invest the 12+ hours normally associated with a game, since this is an extremely bare bones game. The permadeath also killed replayability for me. I didn't really feel like trying to beat this game after an hour. There's no motivation to do anything with the lack of story.  It's just escape.  The game feels like a shell of a game. If you beat this game you definitely won't be playing it again. This is one of those games like FNaF. You break it out when you're with friends. See who can last the longest, like in GTA when you see who can go on the run from the cops the longest.This game is not worth its price tag for what you get. If there were more levels to play it might be worth it. And honestly the developers should consider doing that because the story that ties the monsters to the ship is weak. The way the game is designed and plays feels like you should have the option of 4-5 maps to choose from. Rather than being tied to one ""randomized map"". (It's not as randomized as the developers make you think. Everything stays the same except for what items appear in each room. The map stays the same except for how the hallways twist in some of the deck areas.)  This game is just a late bandwagon game to the Amnesia/Outlast/Alien Isolation train.  But there's just so little content it's not worth the price tage.  Developer's should consider making it like the first Amnesia, implementing a modding system so people can upload different maps.  That way at least someone who cares about making a game could give a map with a decent story to uncover that would actually make me want to play it."
76561197996950776,Recommended,296710,15923205,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,baby jesus,no need for laxatives when you own this game.you will♥♥♥♥♥♥yourself until you are dehydrated and pass out.10/10    will♥♥♥♥♥♥myself again.
,Not Recommended,296710,23191140,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Carth,"Remember the least fun parts of Amnesia, Outlast or Alien Isolation, where there is a monster that will instantly kill you, but you need to find some items to get past the area? This game is those parts, repeated over and over.1. Try to find item.2. Monster sees you.3. Run and hide.4. Go to step 1 and repeat until dead.Then you start it all again from the beginning every time. If that sounds like the sort of thing you'd enjoy then go for it. Personally, I just find it stressful, and eventually, annoying."
,Recommended,296710,17468286,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,✞ |-|3££ioT [] |2.!.P. ✞,This game gave me 3 heart attacks in 13 minutes.http://youtu.be/3Dwr-Fi1OAQSlender man meets outlast = Monstrum.Escape a boat with a submarine or helicopter but first find the parts.Good luck!
,Recommended,296710,24604503,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Marsuvius,"So I've played a little bit, and am scared to leave this locker...11/10 Best ""Hide & Seek"" game ever"
,Recommended,296710,22415337,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Tiger,"Amazing indie, worth the price, scary as though o.o"
,Recommended,296710,30546148,Posted: 16 March,all,tem tem,"BEST GAME I EVER PLAYED, SO SCARY YET SO MUCH FUNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN!"
76561198092272195,Recommended,296710,30649185,Posted: 21 March,all,The Groose Is Loose,:(
,Recommended,296710,14602706,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Polis Ranger,great horror game.
,Recommended,296710,14303448,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,GamingWiggler,This looks super cool! I cant wait to see how this develops
76561198081220463,Not Recommended,296710,23349615,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,PuckStar,"I was really looking forward to this game to play it on the Oculus Rift> Unfortunatly it's unplayable. The way of moving and changing your direction with the thumbstick makes me nauseous instantly! Even with the lowest sensitivity.Also sometimes you're character is dragged into an animation, for instance when you close a vent with a wheel. in VR that's a no go.Also the blacks are not black at all in the Rift. It's grey. Which means I don't even need my flashlight, and I see everything coming.I was hoping the quality was going to be like POLLEN and this game being scary, but unfortunatly it's a bad game for VR.If at least the devs can make it so you have steps in turning (like POLLEN did), then I can give this game a try again. I'll take the grey for granted then.But until then I won't try it again because I get a headache and become nauseous."
,Recommended,296710,30605140,Posted: 18 March,all,WideCrab,This game made me pucker and want to commit suicide.  11/10
,Recommended,296710,23119907,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Chunk Stuffer,its a gamer scare game if you know what im saying
76561198302036630,Recommended,296710,22794054,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,alexsamos,too glitchy.Maybe the computer is at fault but pretty  good
76561198120721503,Recommended,296710,15979848,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Go Slap Happy,played a few minutes of this. will need another pair of pants  8/5
76561198278324606,Recommended,296710,31903621,Posted: 22 May,all,krusty crab,yeah scary and really good game. good idea
76561198375262779,Recommended,296710,34390174,Posted: 21 August,all,ben d.knee,i'm ok
,Recommended,296710,25832083,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,KillerPanda (劉 鎮 東),Too spoopy for me m5+3.In all seriousness I♥♥♥♥♥♥myself multiple times. No shame.
,Recommended,296710,25694983,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Mr.Bigtime-81,i was about to puke. this game OCULUS is makimg me ill :(
,Recommended,296710,23129301,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Ryan,still havent beat it. too sp00ked.
76561198063034842,Recommended,296710,17606208,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Alkite,░░░░░░▄▄▄░░▄██▄░░░░░░░░▐▀█▀▌░░░░▀█▄░░░░░░░░▐█▄█▌░░░░░░▀█▄░░░░░░░░▀▄▀░░░▄▄▄▄▄▀▀░░░░░░▄▄▄██▀▀▀▀░░░░░░░░░░█▀▄▄▄█░▀▀░░  2 Spooky 4 Me░░░▌░▄▄▄▐▌▀▀▀░░▄░▐░░░▄▄░█░▀▀ ░░▀█▌░░░▄░▀█▀░▀ ░░░░░░░░░▄▄▐▌▄▄░░░░░░░░░░▀███▀█░▄░░░░░░░░▐▌▀▄▀▄▀▐▄░░░░░░░░▐▀░░░░░░▐▌░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▐▌░░░░░░░░░█░░
76561198001778896,Not Recommended,296710,23907496,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,pegnose,"I usually don't write reviews, because many people do and most of it already is said. But in this case I feel it is necessary.I think this game really has potential! It is a simple idea, I am very happy about mouse/keyboard controls for VR once in a while, and it is REALLY scary (when the monster comes).However... the ship seems quite large, I have no idea where to walk to and what to pick up, I try to be as quiet as possible (crouch all the time) but the monster keeps on coming and killing me, sometimes it is just there without any sign (or sound) of warning, running away and often hiding, too, won't work (fast enough, well enough)... I feel that I totally don't have any control of the game's outcome. That would be acceptable or even nice for an experience, but for a game it is quite a downer for me. I just don't want to play this any longer, and I haven't spent more than 1 h trying."
,Not Recommended,296710,16639762,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,ArkonBlade,"Let me just say to start that i Hope i can revise this Review to a recommending it. Because i love horror games like Outlast, Alien Isolation, and many others.The game for the most part is a great concept and also for the most part well executed. The Idea of being stranded on a cargo ship with some creepy atmospere is done very well. The whole Idea of trying to find a way to escape via 3 differnt options the Helicopter, Raft orSub isn a cool Idea that adds replay value plus 3 differnt monsters which you will never know which one you will get just adds to the tension.SO this all sounds great so whats the major issue holding iit back from me giving it a thumb up?The Monsters AI.The first 5 minutes are fine to search for stuff then it shows up... and never leaves. I can hide away for 5-10 minutes sneak away from it move all the way to the other side of the ship and start searching for what i need again only to have him reappear 30 seconds to a minute later. and repeat this process all over again. I have tried multiple methods of getting it away from me and every time if i am lucky i might get 2-3 minutes to look for supplys again only to have to run all over again.The Balance with it is just way to off. It goes from the fun scary ""Oh crap i need to run and hide"" to ""AAAAHHH why wont you just get the hell away from me!!!!"" in frustration. I have yet to even beat the game once. got close a few times but can never get the last item with out the monster non stop stalking me to the point io can get nothing done.I am hoping the AI gets fixed and i will be watching the patch notes  hoping for some kind of fix to the AI.Until then wait on this one till its been updated. Trust me i really want to like this game and i think over all they did deliver on a very good horror game its just that AI is to frustrating. Its just locked on to you 24/7."
76561198015669077,Not Recommended,296710,23238446,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Halleluyah,"If you are thinking of buying this game for the Vive. Stop. Don't do it. The game has no Vive support. It was designed for the Oculus and only the Oculus. You can play it on the Vive by downloading additional software and editing some shortcut targets which I did, but the game was not enjoyable at all. Steam does not even recognize that you are playing it and will show you having zero minutes played which is likely why you aren't seeing more negative reviews from Vive users. You need to have played for 5 minutes to write a review. I played for 11 on my pc without VR just to be able to write this since Vive time was not counted.About the game. It is a decent idea. You run around a dark scary ship, trying to avoid monsters, picking stuff up, completing objectives. The sounds are quite good and scary. The graphics are pretty bad and the controls are really bad. You basically have two options for controls. A keyboard/mouse which I think is ideal, but also chalenging since you cannot see it while in VR or an xbox style controller. The xbox controller is not as good, but it is easier to use without looking and better for standing while you play which is important. You can play seated, but you will likely get very nausous. I have a strong stomach, but after about 4 minutes of seated play I had to stop because I thought I was going to vomit. Standing is much better.Pros: SoundsConceptCons: No Vive supportControlsGraphics QualityFew if any updatesPriceOverall, I would not recommend the game. There are much better horror titles out right now and more coming in a couple weeks. I picked it up on sale for $5 so I am not overly disappointed, but I doubt I will ever play it again unless the developer adds full Vive support so it can be played more easily while standing with a better control system."
76561198174604693,Recommended,296710,25810745,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Malto,Fun game. Too scary
,Not Recommended,296710,24117833,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Harkenstein,"You wake up in the ship. Crew is missing. You have to escape - as it turns out - one of the three possible monsters by finding your way out of the ship. What happened? What are those monsters, where they come from? No matter. You can find pieces of journal that doesn't really answer any of those questions. The thing is : you are alone in the ship, you have to find some supplies so you can fly off with helicopter or escape with minisub. Nonetheless you got gigantic monstermagnet on your back and so they are homing to you. It doesn't matter how much you sneak or hide, they will find you. With sight, hear or smell - you don't know and moreover you can't do anything meaningfull (that would matter) to deceive them. They come and they will kill you.I would have hoped that there were atleast some sort of plot - story or something - that would have builded up psychological horror. That there would be something to learn about those monsters. Something that you could use to give you advantage. But no. First you hear noise, then you see monster, then it kills you, And because there is no real plot or story to unfold or no other survivors it just starts to feel repetive and pointless pretty soon."
76561198020144608,Recommended,296710,26431070,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Clark Kent,gg
,Recommended,296710,23120724,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Mopzilla,11/10 Cutscene was more Horror than game. - Dad1/10 Monster just floated in mid-air and did nothing... - Me6/9 What are you playing? - Mum
76561198026074229,Not Recommended,296710,24094695,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,It's Mer!,"To keep the review short and sweet: The game is a great concept but not executed as well as I had hoped. It's a little scary but not scary enough to keep me coming back. I could see this being much more entertaining with use of VR, which I do not have."
,Recommended,296710,19328214,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Sven ♪,-clicked on new game-game loads after 3 minutes-walks out and sees the ocean-hears footsteps and runs inside a locker-gets out-ded10/10 would live in locker
,Recommended,296710,14300533,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,RAGEatGAME,"I cannot say enough GOOD things about this game.  It is AMAZING (especially the atmosphere) for an Early Access Game.  The potential is there, the gameplay is fun, the FEAR is.... MONSTROUS!Get this now and you'll be Happy!www.twitch.tv/RageAgainstTheGame"
76561198008608402,Recommended,296710,25356343,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Eightback,Oh NoCool!
76561198093774130,Not Recommended,296710,26439351,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,dman250r,"the game looks good and seems like it would be a lot of fun, but its the only VR game so far that has made me sick to where i can not play. I think this is because it only allows you to look up and down or side to side like robocop... you cant tilt your head like normal so i guess thats why it makes me sick or maybe its because of something else, i dont really know, but unfortunately i have to ask for a refund."
,Recommended,296710,23091833,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Farking,This game is so scary. The noises and atmosphere terrify me. For the price this is is more then worth the money and it changes everytime so there is allot of replayability. Check it out!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qOgIA5BYQhw
,Not Recommended,296710,32960683,Posted: 28 June,all,josh771,"I had high hopes for this game, but... ehh.Cramped room-and-corridor environments (which one would expect on a ship... so I'd have chosen an environment other than a ship), more of a ""theme"" than an ""atmosphere"" to this game (scary things are happening, but the game doesn't really convince me of it with much more than throwing monsters at me in dark places), no immersive storyline (there are little notes with ""Fred and I are going to the starboard life raft so we can escape"" and the like on them)...I love procedurally generated content, and I love a well-crafted horror game. This is, technically, a horror game that features procedural content, but it feels more like a maze game where one of three monster tropes chases you down and kills you because every door you try to close behind you is determined to grab you and push you back where you came from.I hate to say I didn't like it. The idea is perfect. Plus, it's got good art assets, I encountered no bugs (unless constantly closing doors on myself when I'd walked all the way through them counts as a ""bug"" - I think that's more of an unusually unforgiving door physics implementation), and I'd probably have been proud to be on the dev team if I'm honest.Just wasn't half as entertaining as I'd expected. Got old quickly. I did get it for about $5, so that's nice, but... I could just as easily have gone on without spending that money. There are probably ways to improve this title, but it just gets little ""birthday"" hotfixes and the devs seem to have moved on to greener pastures."
76561197968127224,Not Recommended,296710,29105553,Posted: 7 January,all,Topher,"""Standing VR"" is misleading. You need a gamepad and there is no touch control compatability. Also, motion sickness is a problem. A very unformfortable game to play."
76561198005120121,Not Recommended,296710,18650794,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Whiskey,"The game has too many bugs. It crashes to desktop on windows while on the mac you lose the ability to interact with the environment. Monsters have path finding issues, they may get stuck in a room a never leave to name another bug.Besides that, the monster is ALWAYS chasing you, no matter what you do, you cant draw it's attention elsewhere. So it's not that you're playing against an AI, you're playing against a script that just spawns the monster close to you and once you realize that you stop wanting to play it.Moreover, none of the sounds on the ship draw the monsters attention and arent even generated by the monster."
76561198005469737,Not Recommended,296710,17129600,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,HairySandwich,"On paper this is a good game. However it performs poorly. I can run skyrim or alien isolation on ultra, but monstrum only on low. Even then it doesn't even really matter which settings you pick, the framerate is always crap. The monsters while initially scary quickly become annoying because they're dumb. They just drop on you out of the blue, the AI is obviously dumb because the monsters don't search for you they already know where you are. Sometimes they just find you even when they shouldn't be able to, other times they don't find you even though they probably should.This game would have been better as a mod, or if it used some sort of off the shelf engine like unreal.Good things:AtmosphereBad things:Dumb AImediocre graphicspoor performanceLow replayability"
76561198097817605,Not Recommended,296710,17113130,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,DerelictD,Meh.  fun but it got boring REALLY fast.
76561198011330994,Recommended,296710,15942986,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Bringmore,"Holy f...ing...sh...I just played this game for the first time and, well, it lasted about 15 minutes...This game looks amazing because it is scary as hell. I is very dark, which I think is an important thing for a horror survival game. Why did it last only 15 minutes ? Because I am too f...king scared to play longer right now. HahahaI thought that maybe I could play for a while before running into a monster. Most of the horror games are like that, you know, the first time you encounter a monster is often only after some time, when you start to feel confident. But, in this game, after leaving the second room, I got a message : ''press left shift to run'' and that made me sick to the stomach lol. And when I got to the next room, I heard sick noises, clearly not human noises, if you know what I mean :P and they were close to me so I waited before going out but after a few steps, I saw a red light coming so I♥♥♥♥♥♥in my pants and ran to hide in the room, under the bed. the creature came in, walking around in the room while I was wondering how the hell would I find the courage to move and get away from this room. I waited a while and the monster finally leaved. When the noise of his steps were far away, I took my chance to go out, but the problem is that the monster came back quickly. So basically that piece of sh...was never too far and I finally ran into it and...died...The second time I tried, I could make a few more steps before running directly into what seemed like a dark blue fog or I don't know what the hell was that but, yeah it killed me, of course, lol. On my third try I managed to go to the helicopter, finding my new objective. Well, I died 2 minutes later, when I tried to go through what seemed to be a gas leak, and yeah it was ridiculous XD. I stopped playing because I had to go.So ok I'm a ridiculous noob, but this game looks amazing, I mean, this kind of game scares my, but generally I am not scared after one minute of play. It surely his a great experience and I will try to beat this game, BUT the only ''problem'' I see is that if you die, the game is over. I am not sure because of course I did not have a long run so maybe if you get far enough, it saves what you have done. I don't know, but for me personally I would like to be able to save. We will see.I highly recommend this game to all the survival horror games fans. I would say it is a 10 out of 10. Maybe 9 out of 10 if you can't save your progression. Don't forget your toilet paper because you are going to♥♥♥♥♥♥in your pants XDD"
76561198077570054,Not Recommended,296710,24764467,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Jaguar Faced Man,This game is good but it crashes a lot.
76561198126860998,Not Recommended,296710,30377156,Posted: 7 March,all,Grégan,"jeux buggé en sorte de Bêta en early access.Un bon début pour les débuts de la VR, sentiment de présence et d'être traqué mais chiant dans les 10 minutes.Les contrôles sont approximatifs et frustrants.Les déplacements impliquent de la cinétose et le gameplay est plus que rudimentaire."
76561198252448432,Recommended,296710,29304727,Posted: 16 January,all,awesomeguy101,2spoopy4me. 2spoopy4you.
,Recommended,296710,23081070,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,insert,Spent 17.3 Hours Trying to beet the hunter. Played a total of 31.7. Nuff Said.
,Not Recommended,296710,16030592,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,DOOMGay,"Would be a fun game if the enemies weren't glued to you 24/7 and patrolled any area you were in. Wound up hiding more than exploring and getting nothing done and finally just accepted death because what can you do when you can't explore anywhere and have to hide for 30 min at a time before an enemy leaves 5 steps from your room. Not worth 18$, maybe 10$, but I feel kind of ripped off."
,Recommended,296710,14231824,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,mikestankey,Permadeath is ceratinly annoying. Additionally the game is rather difficult (I haven't so far live past 6 mintues) but if you're looking for horror than this game will give you a rush
,Not Recommended,296710,19555263,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,i have a bag on my head,"Really good game, but performs badly on my computer :/ warning to those looking to buy this game, it may not perform very wellotherwise i would recommend this game, its really scary!"
,Recommended,296710,16213052,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,emmit 420,"(some spelling errors)Ok so i bought this game in early Acesess and it was creepy as hell.Now when the full relese came out with the damn tererifing 3rd monster and the beautiful engeine room i knew the developers had made a damn good game.Performence wise the game runs well on medium settings and still looks good.The game is not at all too easy as it took me about 8 hours to win.The ai (in the full relese at least)acts very logical.Once the brute the monster with the lowest intelagance found me cowarding in a cabinet without even seeing me enter,overall the ai will rarely get stuck.the items arent TOO hidden and will spawn in rooms regauarly.So if you are willing to patently try to escape and dont mind monsters on your a$$ i can recomend this game."
,Not Recommended,296710,16466189,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,SoJuicyHD,"I have a high end pc and I get stuttering in game (Fps) drops! I'm way above the requirements.My specs - Nvidia GTX 750Ti 2gb, AMD FX 6300 (6 - cores), 8gb of ddr3 RAMEveryone else has no problems but me but what ever. So I have to give this game a dislike.And yes Ive changed the settings. The funny thing is if I change everything to the lowestsettings it drops frames even more!! (Nothing is running when I play the game) (I've already tried the whole vsync thing and ssao and shadows)"
76561198147919731,Recommended,296710,15978036,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,watlock,started game. walked around for a bit. heard noises. got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ 10/10 would get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥again
,Recommended,296710,30068287,Posted: 20 February,all,"=The Gaming Engine= ""He's Dead""",Would like to see the workshop for wusses like me who want all traces of the monster gone but 10/10 would recomend
,Not Recommended,296710,16345760,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,C0deTalker,"I did not like this game. Seems like a typical ""run and hide from the monster"" outlast type of game. I don't think this game presents anything new that hasn't been done before."
76561198095244863,Not Recommended,296710,18301546,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,NannerPies,This game looks super fun except it has an ongoing bug that is mentioned deep within the notes. The mac version is NOT controller compatable. The right joystick will not work even with a working legitimate XBOX 360 controller and updated drivers.
,Not Recommended,296710,20944744,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,linkerError,"I'd rather be playing Alien: Isolation.Edit: People complained, so I added more nuanced discussion of my reasoning in the comments. :)"
76561198179548147,Recommended,296710,22871102,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,I_n0sc0ped_JFK,gr8 horror game m8
,Not Recommended,296710,24733358,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Neometalero,The game is just a laverintic mess. Booring. Also animations and models look pretty bad
,Recommended,296710,14279521,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Ben,This game scared me so much that I grabbed my heart and I'm actually crying now
,Not Recommended,296710,23127123,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Dizlen,Don't buy this game if you want to play it with a HTC Vive.
76561198081308399,Not Recommended,296710,26565413,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,FlingusScramble,Holy mother of crashes this game is harder on my computer than Grand Theft Auto ♥♥♥♥ing V
76561198238542620,Not Recommended,296710,25192910,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Samsquamch,Um...... IDK wth is wrong with you guys. But this game was boring and not scary at all. I played it for like 40 mins and got 1 weak jumpscare. Its not that dark. It looks like crap. And the only thing in the first hour i bumped into was some low to the ground crawling alien copy. And it was so fkn slow it wasnt scary. Sooooo... grow a pair?
76561197977146636,Not Recommended,296710,33292563,Posted: 5 July,all,NemesisZidar,"Had several technical issues on startup (gamma set to 0 making it near impossible to see anything in menu, with luck i was able to fix that).Some genious thought its a clever idea to have the gamma setting not only influence the visuals in the game, but also literally everything in the game, including every font (including options text and clickable buttons) or even the company logo on game startup (screenshot of blackness on my profile).Also, ofcourse, the gamma setting itself, which made it impossible to change it in the first place. Some wild clicks later, while having a black screen with basically nothing on it, i managed to get gamma up again and finally see something.Following the game looked so bad while running totally unstable dropping often to below 30, that i wished the gamma would have stayed at 0.Some other settings were also messed up, but finally i could set the game at least right.On top though what i played wasnt really fun.I wandered an empty crappy looking ship with a maximum up 70FOV and muddy textures and FPS constantly jumping from stable 60 inside the ship, to nearly below 20 when leaving and going outside.I collected some random stuff and somehow managed to collect half of the items i needed to complete one escape route. Just that i managed to do that twice but couldnt find anything else to even complete one.And so i wandered around the ship, without a map or any real help to figure out where i already was or currently am, while followed by a monster that sounded creepy and looked somewhat refreshing (design wise).Magically it appeared where i was, though, all the time.I had seen it on one level of the ship (like Level 6) with peeking around a corner and seeing it entering a hallway that is very long.I then ran to a level below it (level 5),while hearing it wandering through the floors of level 6 (sounds indicated it constantly just walking straight ahead), just to somehow have it come around the corner on my level infront of me, although it couldnt be there and no sound would have indicated a special move that allowed it to change the floor and also appear inside an enclosed hallway that has only 2 entrances.But ok, cheating AI monster aside, i can deal with that. But it shows that its more going for the cheap side than the clever side of gameplay.Not tricking me because i am bad, but more because it uses knowledge it shouldnt have.Rubberbanding, like in racers, or how i call it, artificial difficulty.But ok, i had no problem to escape it and hide, even if it directly saw me i just had to run 10 metres to the next room and hide inside something, it wouldnt care enough to even keep wandering the same area for too long.Thats the problem of artificial difficulty, the AI isnt clever its just cheating.Long story short, i ran around for like an hour without finding anything else than throwable stuff but clearly nothing i needed, so i called it a day and quit. Also refunded.I know an hour of gameplay is short, but even after that time i was bored and not thrilled to see whats next.It wasnt frightening, no real horror, sound was bad besides the roaring of the monster, the ""tempting"" music when it chased me was annoying mostly and even so misdesigned that it prevented me from actually hearing anything useful.Its also one of these classical ""cheating"" designs, where the music starts to go on as soon as the monster starts hunting the player, so he/she knows that its running-time.Just to stop when the monster gave up.As if i couldnt figure that out myself. This takes away what is left of the immersion, if i would dare to call it that.Resumée:A somewhat clever idea of Dead by Daylight Singleplayer, nice Monsterdesign and sometimes nice ambient sounds, packed with really outdated graphics, bad performance on a mid class PC (i checked im not the only one having issues there), basically boring gameplay that could be interesting if done better, a lack of modes and maps (1) and randomization that isnt really changing anything.Put some technical issues on top and it doesnt leave a good impression.What i wish:That they take this idea and their monsters. Pack more o ntop of that, more of each, include multiplayer options and a more clever AI for the monster and they had a great thing going on.Sadly this wont happen and luckily for me and anyone else there is this company making Hello Neighbour which looks somewhat like what i wish Monstrum to be, just more comical looking and such.If they manage some day to take this concept and make a horror-Hello Neighbour-like game with creepy monsters, im all in for that.This isnt it."
,Not Recommended,296710,28660550,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Scrub,it not fun m8And VR is not realistic with it
,Not Recommended,296710,23934565,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,DonARViox,movement in vr naat good
76561198120628514,Not Recommended,296710,25277876,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,exilesoutcast,"{[The time recorded here is not the actual time I've played, I first tried this game on a friend's profile, and started again on this profile, after he purchased it and sent it to me]}This ain't bad, but I honestly don't see the hype.You can tell it's definitely an indie game. The generic sort of indie game; The horror isn't scary, the missions are so disjointed, even the start off is too inane and nonlinear. I get that you're supposed to not know where you are or why your there, but the establishment of the story is as I said, disjointed, and is easily not established (I've even had to restart the game on account of not knowing the beginning establishing expositions till somewhere in the middle progress of the game. Wasn't till the climax did I finally find out what I should have known in the beginning of it). Classic rookie-bland indie game, through and through.I got bored with this game. I can see how it could get potentially fun'ish, but only in game play and playthrough. In story, development, exposition, and progression, it was all mentally dull. Not captivating, nor all much interesting. I might give it a shot, but I'll wait till I'm bored enough to try again. I'd hate for my friend's efforts to go to complete wastes."
76561198304773090,Not Recommended,296710,23155633,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,dlongbow25,"Haven't had a chance to play it, as somehow I bought it from the steam website, which by default includes oculus games even though it is built by the creators of HTC VIVE (why would anyone assume that would be the default??).Why on earth would anyone create a game for the RIFT that doesn't support the VIVE that can be found on the damned STEAM website, especially when the VIVE is more popular??Mindblowing.... please hurry up and allow for VIVE users to play it too!"
76561198030803399,Not Recommended,296710,17260086,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Pojman,This game made me **** my pants.   How can I feel positive about something like that?
76561198236990772,Not Recommended,296710,34413087,Posted: 22 August,all,¯\_(ツ)_/¯,"its a good game, but i want to play this game with friends and 2nd i want more different maps in this game = spaceship, underground, laboratory and...., and maybe more different monsters; depends which map you playing, and maybe more items; like door-keys/keycards, traps, screwdrivers for in the ventilators and...., and maybe some weapons but the weapons are maybe not strong enough(depends which gun or map) to kill the monster(s) but you can use it to escape."
,Not Recommended,296710,23140503,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,R3volve,"I just don't get it.It wasn't scary, I wasnt intrigued.I just wandered around. Bored.Very bored.Eventually I started smashing and throwing all the things I had to try and summon the monster so that 'something' would happen. Nothing worked. He just lumbered around a deck above or below me. Finally I found a security camera and stood under that until it beeped long enough to summon the beast and I could watch the crappy animation of him picking me up and ""snapping my neck"".I was expecting a lot more honestly. I even thought using the rift would make this scary. It was just lame.After I died I took my headset off, glad that I only paid 5 bucks for this game."
76561198311357347,Not Recommended,296710,31028977,Posted: 8 April,all,Superduper372,Its fun when you first play it then its boring 1.19 for tax!
,Not Recommended,296710,33457160,Posted: 11 July,all,bad1080,no smash
76561198215514620,Not Recommended,296710,23564192,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,HillStorm,its  shet game
76561197989272183,Not Recommended,296710,14538279,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,MechaDraco,"I played the game for just a few minutes and I will say that I did enjoy myself, alot of horror games today try either to hard to to little to be something different, take Alien Isolation for example, which in my opinion did a lot more wrong then right. Not to say that monstrum in my opinion is more then that, but more that it has a little something different to it, the environment alone is at least something new to look at, though the overall game play is similar to that of most other games of its genra.What the game does well is give you the feel of erieness, that something could and will jump out at you at any moment, the long winding corridors and maze like infastructure making it hard to memorize exactly how to win your next play through, letting it be different every time you go through it. Even the creature you are fleeing from changes from playthrough to playthrough, making it even more unpredictable as you go through it.However despite the games strong suits and low price it is still lacking in a few key features, and a little bit of a lack in forth coming information for the player. Now I am the first to say that a game is an alpha early access game and do want to remind everyone of that, but that doesnt excuse it from me at least mentioning a few of its current flaws. Starting with the interface.For starters, there is no save feature, you have no method of saving the game or coming back to progress already made, once you quit, you have to start over, and though from what I can tell the game can run actually rather quick they can also take hours to find the proper gear you need if your under constant preasure from a creature that can kill you instantly.Which brings me to a second issue, the AI. Unfortunatly the AI for these creatures seems to be a bit clunky, for one once they come close to you, even if they dont know where you are, they never stop following you, and there is no way from my experience or any others to get them to go away, they give you a few noise making devices such as radios, or coffee cups, but they have yet to truely show all that much effectivness other than to draw the monster directly to you and get you killed even faster with the way the ship is layed out with single hall ways and very small corridors to pass through, you essentially have only one way to go, and that is through the creature since it never leaves which I can promise you wont end well for you.The goals in the game are also a bit on the hazy side, your journal updating randomly when you find things or see things, with no real actual concept of what it is exactly your needing to do, or go inorder to complete this new objective, I am all for open world indepandance, but with a monster that never leaves my♥♥♥♥♥no matter what I do, it be nice to have a little guidance as to where or what I need to do next or at least a general area in which to do it in.They do give you a rudamentery map if you can find it hanging on the wall, but with litterally 4 sections and only 1 highlighted with a ""you are here"" arrow doesn't give you a ton to go off of. Needless to say I dont recommend the game for those that are wanting a new and different horror game, then this isnt yours, and if you do get the game, just remeber it is in early access, so there are still alot of issues but maybe the game will improve with time. For now I will try my hand at it some more, and see if I cant win at least one game."
,Not Recommended,296710,15993284,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,King Baddabing,it sucks.
76561198117163919,Recommended,296710,14502895,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Long Gone,"This game is so terrifying. the atmosphere really gives you the creeps, but the worst part is knowing that your always being hunted, and that literally no-where is safe10/10 would RUN-SCREAM-JESUSF*****GCHRISTSNOWWHITEANDTHESEVENDWARVES agan"
,Recommended,296710,29521138,Posted: 27 January,all,ThePCGamer101,"DISCLAIMER: This is a full review, and NOT a first impressions review like all my other reviews, if you want a better full review, then please read better reviews then mineMonstrum is a randomly generated horror game developed and published by Team JunkfishThe game offers fun gameplay and gets the adrenaline pumping with its horror elements and there is a fair amount of replayablity which manages to be somewhat frightning without using too many horror game clichesHowever, the monsters are buggy and doors are also buggy as they would open and close over and over again, but this one is fixable by just interacting with the door once more, so it isn't that big of a dealMonstrum has a brilliant atmosphere and the roguelike mechanics and slow-burning story which you pick up through notes and tapes along the way make this game very replayableIf you like the tense and mysterious atmosphere of Frictional Games' horror masterpieces, with the ability to play them over and over again - Monstrum is definitely a must play!RECOMMENDED :)"
76561198222541340,Recommended,296710,16948686,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,FOX,This game is terrifying. If you are into horror this is the game for you. It really scares you knowing there is a monster somewhere on the ship searching for you. Being chased by the monster is crazy. Adrenaline dumps into you blood and you run for your life! Dont let the price put you off you might not want to pay that much for a indie horror game but it is definately worth the money. In future updates I would like an animation for snapping the glowstick or striking the lighter. Also could you add flares? They can be used as a source of light and you can throw them on the floor and the monsters will have to stamp them out just little things like that.
,Recommended,296710,16565594,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Eymkoda,This game is f*ing scary as *! Good f*ing god! Five Nights At Freddy's aian't s* compared to Monsturm!If you thought Alpha was something wait till you play this! I could bearly start the game! If this is your first horror game than you'll play one again*10/10 Bed Wetter
76561198052565013,Recommended,296710,16569591,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,ThoR,"♥♥♥♥♥your pants sounds. dont play this if you are an old wank with heart issues, youll die mate!"
76561198000295505,Recommended,296710,16575049,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,CobaltRebel,"Going to be strait with this review. The game needs some work but well done otherwise.Pro's+ Excelent Atmosphere+ Randomly Generated levels+ Great Sound Design+ Monsters are a chalenge, somtimes to much so ( more on this in the con's )+ The Art Direction Rocks ( Monsters Look Brown Pant Stain inducing )Con's- controls can somtimes feel laggy- monsters can be extreamly difficult at times- Frame rate can somtimes dip for no reason- Random generation can make for very unusual parts of the ship ( loops and donuts )Overall worth a buy, played over 20 hours so far.Solid 8/10"
,Recommended,296710,16579620,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,vaaern,"So I'm scared ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of ships and monsters and night, still decided I had to overcome my fear somehow. Started 5 new games, where I never went further as a second room. The last game I decided to hide in a closet so I might hear the monster pass by and maybe get an idea of what it is. Suddenly the door opens with a terrible screech, go into menu, no wait, unplug computer instantly... 10/10 would use to scare my friends while telling I'm not scared of it while wearing 3 diapers for security reasons!"
76561197984701816,Recommended,296710,16538051,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Warrior of Xenu {XnU},Alien: Isolation - Titantic Expansion.
,Recommended,296710,16376021,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,SenorAndrew,3spooky5me
76561197987418739,Recommended,296710,16399387,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Coverchrg,"This game is fantastic, except for one glaring issue. It cheats! On different plays, the magma monster has teleported across the ship, right to where I was at, even though it had no reason to know I was there. It never saw me in the bow of the ship, and I crouch walked down the length to the stern to not make any noise. Yet when I got there, he was right in the area of the rooms I was searching and immediately found me. And it's not like he was walking around the area, because there was no footsteps, he was just right outside the door when I opened it.I haven't had this issue with the other two monsters. I also hate how he will pace in front of a room you're in and never move on, even though he has no reason to know you're there. If he was legitamely looking for you, shouldn't he be moving around the ship instead of pacing across this one door for no good reason? And if he thought you were in there, why isn't he opening the door to check? He's just cheap and cheaty, whixh is disappointing because I love his look.If you enjoy Damned, give this one a try. Despite the magma man, the game is really fun and atmospheric."
76561198071306596,Recommended,296710,16375966,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Meme Legend Joey,I just only played ten minuets not knowing what to do. I think I cant sleep tonight this game also made me cry. Probably will play again10/10 steam summer sale made me♥♥♥♥♥♥my self
76561198001833273,Recommended,296710,16390893,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Mac Mac,"So hard, so good and scary as hell. My god this game is THE horror game you want to own if you like this genre.Tried to play alone, almost wet myself. Played with my friends after couple of beers and the ""fun"" was guaranteed. Luckily our neighbours didn't hear us screaming our lungs out.Buy it... now"
76561198018561282,Recommended,296710,16923810,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Regr3t,Ok seriously... This game is freaking terrifying!Pros:- Good graphics- Creepy environment- Map changes everytime u play- 3 different monsters (chosen by random every time)- Very good soundtrack- Multiple endings- DifficultCons:- I personaly think that Brute (The huge monster) is FAR MORE terrifying than others.- Sometimes loading takes time.10/10
,Recommended,296710,16884975,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Ligthert,I am scared by this. Uninstalling.
76561197970961690,Recommended,296710,17158694,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,pösmunk,"Prepare to be stalked, hunted and murdered while trying to escape a mysterious procedurally generated ship!"
,Recommended,296710,18390435,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,nanoandrew4,"1st playthrough (it's all I got, sat in lockers for too long):- Start in room- Pick up flashlight and procede to explore inside of ship- Heard too many noises, sat in cubert for 10 min- Decided it was safe, made my way to the upper deck- Brute starts running towards me from afar- Run and hide in locker, Brute passes in front of me 3 times- After 15 min, leave locker- Saw helicopter, but path was blocked by gas- Tried to find a way up- Found a way up- As I looked throught the missions tab, Brute comes up stairs and runs at me- Screaming and wailling as I run away- Hide in locker for 10 min- Turn a corner to find myself staring at the Brute- Scream and curse as I run for my life, extremely unpleasent noises behind me (again)- Attempt to outsmart Brute by running up stairs- Get gassed in the face- Weep and wail as my iminent doom approaches- Get hole torn in face by Brute10/10 would get gassed and wail to my death again"
76561198129446165,Recommended,296710,20160828,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,hoezay,"I haven't even played this game due to the Lag. It won't load and it's just unlike my other steam games. It freezes when you select new game and I havent played it yet. I know this game is great but it's to undone, it needs alot of updates so people can actually enjoy it, why should you buy a game when you cant even play it? Is there anyway I can fix this problem?"
76561198263581464,Recommended,296710,19591738,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Troxonater,"Woke uplooked aroundopened locker doorFound ""torch"" (FYI Flashlight)Looked around roomopened doorwalkwalkwalkwalkwalkwalkHeard loud thumping.Panic attackSaw monsterdiedGet this game."
,Recommended,296710,20047170,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,SMΛRT,"This game is like the popular SCP: Containment Breach, only far more polished and at least twice as difficult. Play only if you're prepared to spend as much time in a locker as you did in Outlast."
76561198060321209,Recommended,296710,19924374,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Big Stank Dad,"This game is literally one of the best recent examples we have in the survival horror genre. It has a new take on survival horror and the setting makes the gameplay ♥♥♥♥ing incredible. Warning though: THIS GAME IS ACTUALLY SCARY. Not in the way that SOMA is, but instead in the way that makes you throw your headset. BUY THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME."
76561198090130754,Recommended,296710,19922984,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Cap'n Crunch,"this game, is fun, but not scary, it's more like the monster wants to hug you, snap your neck, or eat you I guess"
76561198128876428,Recommended,296710,20055160,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,kingbray97,"I clearly havent played the game for that long! But for what i have played, i must admit that the game is really well done and fun! The three variants of enemy monster is really creepy so you dont know what your running from until you see it! Also the fact that the ship chops and changes each time you play, makes it a challenge.The game has some fairly decent visuals, I must say that the sound was excecuted amazingly! The creaks and bangs you hear just send shivers down your spine cause for all you know that monster is coming for you!As for gamplay its pretty basic and easy to play! You run, hide and try find a way off the ship!Gamplay 7/10Sound 9/10Visuals 8/10Replayability 8/10"
,Recommended,296710,14487302,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Fox,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kGjxZMHICf0I'm usually not much a fan of horror games, but for an indie title this game is pretty well made. Nice graphics, tense atmosphere and really amazing sounds which help create that atmosphere.10/10♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants"
76561198162431027,Recommended,296710,14466067,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,barabbaor378,"Fast Flame of Game: Good Buy at current price, which makes it a DECENT PICK UP. If it goes into the price range of 5 to 10 this would be a great buy which would be an excellent pick up.Game Play -------> 8.0/10-PlotThe plot of the game is that you are on a ship not knowing who you are or what has happened.  So main objective is to get off the ship as well as trying to figure what else has happened while surviving/evading the monster that is on the ship.-ControlsThere are a lot of controls.  I've played with both a controller and mouse/keyboard.  The controller makes it easier because everything is right there, but with the mouse/keyboard it is easier to escape/evade  (especially if you customize the buttons) the monsters.  It can get cluncky when you are rushing, but it works.- PlayabilityThe game is different each time you play because the Ship is procedually generated. The developers have said there will be more sections.  Once you figure out which monster is stalking you or is on board the ship makes a difference because you know what to listen for.  You're looking for objects that can help you survive longer or help you escape.   There are no weapons per say to fight the monsters though there are ways to stall them or elude them.There is a lot of interaction with environment whether it is foot steps, bumping into a chair, throwing a glass to make noise, or throwing a glow stick into a dark room.  Those last two will help get a monster off your tail.  The developers put a lot of thought into this interaction.  This isn't just a chase get away per say though you can do that, there are a lot of thoughtful things you can do to get away.Sound -------> 9.0/10The sound in this game is the very important.  This sound has really helped the atmosphere and causes you constantly asking yourself if that noise was ""it"".  From the dripping of water, splashing of waves, general metal noises on a ship this causes you to try and figure out what that really was, especially, at the beginning of the game, since you don't even know which beast is on board.  Once you know the beast that is giving you the chase you'll know what sounds to look for but still this ship has so many freakin sounds.Which can cause you to lose sleep at night because the noises your house makes may make you to wonder if the monsters have entered your house.Graphics -------> 7.5/10The graphics for the game are good (they're not top notchy) ESPECIALLY for an indie game.  The ship has rust stains, raft looks (and sounds) very much like a raft, to the details of draws and the inside of lockers (which you'll grow accustom to).Difficulty -------> 9.1/10This game is very difficult. I've only made it off the ship once while the beast was in hot pursuit of meReplay --------> 10/10This game has a lot of replayability for it is procedually generated. I was constantly thinking of things that I should have done after finishing playing.Game Value (this is the value that I WOULD pay for the game. This value is not necessarily how much I ACTUALLY paid for the game).I would pay in the low 10s (low teens). This game is a gem find if it is less than 10 and or even at 5, you will not be disappointed. If you see it 10 or less, pick it up and buy it for sure.  Though if it is at its current price (hovering around 15) it is a DECENT PICK UP.Overall Rating -------------> 43.6/50Issues/Complaints:I wish you could push or knock things into the path of the monster to give you some distance between them and you.Occasionally,  I feel that the monsters aren't playing by the same rules you are because they seem always to be able to locate you.  Even after you sneaked away or set off a noisy television to lore them to that room.  Several times I have been able to make it to the other side of the ship only to find that they're still right behind me or near you.The game seems like it could have the potential to craft stuff or combine them but there isn't.  I wish you could set up some type of indicators to let you know if someone is really hot on you tail or if that was just you being paranoid after your shart echoes around and back to you on the ship.  I've experience some bugginess but it was just several times within the same game and this was the only occurence in 9 hours of play.Final ThoughtsThis game is REALLY ENJOYABLE to play.  The atmosphere (visually and sound)  has been captured nearly excellently by the developers.  Hopefully, they'll add the ability to put obstacles in walk ways or set up noise traps in a room.  (Imagine the eerieness if you set up bells to ring when the door down the hall and then it rings or the cans you put them on the ground near the steps and you hear them get crumpled)If you have questions about the game, feel free to message me them"
,Recommended,296710,14470618,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Your Annoying Brother,A Great Game with some bugs. I LOVE IT!
,Recommended,296710,14471662,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,domi,Amazing.
,Recommended,296710,14470430,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,MasterOrange,"9/10*Review 1 - 4.9 Hours Game Time*With many updates to come, this game still performs as a game should do - if not better!It keeps you on the edge and always thinking about one thing.. Survival!With many updates to come I'm sure this game is worth every penny! I definatley recomend it.*5.3 Hours Game Time*Managed to find  the keys and took the Heli out however slight bug, the Brute gets stuck by the container doors if shut..."
,Recommended,296710,14520560,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,WiCKiD,"I walked out of the starting room; grabbed my flashlight and the fuse then opened the door. I look to my right and immediately get pounced on by some slimy, skeleton gel monster. I nearly♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants.10/10"
,Recommended,296710,14601843,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Nick,"(may contain spoilers)    Perfect horror game.it needs variety though such as new modes or something different to enrich the gameplay other than its escape route, avoid monster kinda scenario otherwise its a really good game. tension music puts you on the edge of your seat and begins to make you jumpy to noises such as steam.and before you realise something is actually there your face is already being eaten by a transparent creature,head stomped,or spine snapped in half by a grotesque severely burned brute monster.the chase really gets your blood rushing and the thought that a monster can be anywhere will keep you on your toes.and the story is very eye-catching with info on how this all started pretty much.i hope this game gets alot more added to it because this game is awesome and it can go further than its current status."
,Recommended,296710,14539674,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Abradolf Lincler,"Amazingingly scarying game.  Only problem I have is the stupid steam.  Insta kill is a little too much.  Other than that, great game. 9/10 would be 10 but the steam."
76561198145582991,Recommended,296710,14583716,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Junior-Trent,this game freaked me out so much be perpaird for a lot of jump scares
76561198054601148,Recommended,296710,14497484,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,NekoDev,"This game is SERIOUSLY atmospherical, it has the claustrophic feel to it, the enviroment scares you everywhere it seems and the fear the monster is right around the corner.  I had already played this game, and on my first play on the game, I somehow had both monsters spawned.  Not sure if that is rare or something, but it scared the living soul out of me!  I LOVE IT!  I would recommend this game to anyone who loves a good scare or just the plain horror feel of it."
76561198050614028,Recommended,296710,15998759,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Karander,"(First of all, sorry I know my english is not perfect :D)Ok, in all honesty I would not describe this game as thaaaaaat scary.  Sure, the first 3 games, where you encounter the monsters for the first time, are freaking scary. No map, no idea where to go or what to do, no idea what is trying to kill you. But once you have like lets say 6 games behind you, that fear is mostly gone, since you know more or less what to do and how the monsters more or less behave. Dose this make it a bad game? Absolutely not!Even if it mostly stops to be scary after a few playthroughs, it is still a very tens, hard and fun game.  Permadeath, randomly generated levels for each playthrough, 3 monsters which are very different from another (and who knows, maybe even more in the future) and traps/obstacles to make your life a little harder. The map is very much like a maze and forces u to vaguely memorize it, since you don´t want to end up in a dead end when you are running away (and  you are going to be running a lot). Many times you are stuck in a room and you don´t have the guts to open the door because the monster might be right behind the door, since u know it is somewhere near by. Up till now i did only once almost manage to beat the game, but I panicked, ran the wrong direction into a dead end, tried hiding under a bed and well ... you can guess the rest probably.All in all I would definitely recommend this game and is a musthave once you find it on 50 or 75% sale (if u like this sort of games). And by the way, the fact that this game dose not really scare me, is just a personal thing. Maybe it can scare you for much longer then me :) ."
,Recommended,296710,16003176,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,LeBerduk,"I played this game for a short time. But for every single minute of that time my heart was pounding and muscles were tense! This game is the mother of all recent horror games.The premise is simple: escape from a ship. On the way, you can collect various notes trying to uncover what happened on the ship. But it just happens that there is a monster on the ship that is very VERY HUNGRY.The game mechanics is simple. You can collect various items (e.g., flash lights, switches) and use them where needed to power something, open doors or get some additional light. The level of interactivity is pretty much on the Amnesia level. At least, so far I have not figure out any way to fend off the monster.What makes this game unique is that if you die (aka became late night dinner for the monster) then it is game over. Not only you will have to start from the very beginning, but also things will be very different during new playthrough due to random mechanics in the game. Even the monster can be different! YAY! It is not like I have not been horrified enough by the same damn monster. Needless to say that the game has a great atmosphere in terms of both visuals and sound effects. I was constantly spooked by sudden screeching noises typical to old ships while nervously staring at a dark patch of corridor. Have I mentioned adaptive elements in the game music or how I died the last time? I was staring at dark hall when a tense music suddenly switched on. I immediately knew that the monster is on to me and begun running away in panic only to fall through a hole in a container with no way to escape. The next second the monster was falling through the very same hall right into my face. Yes, the music made me panic and lead to my death.In short, this is quite a good horror game with reasonable replay value well worth its price tag. Finally, it runs quite decently on medium settings on my 4-years old laptop."
,Recommended,296710,16064625,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,JubJub #Netneutrality,I played this alot in offline mode thats why it doesnt show up.... ive played this game FOR HOURS had the best time ive ever had with a horror game (it made my sister cry 10/10)
,Recommended,296710,16078596,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,RaZeR2020,"Two words describe this game better than any other horror game: replay valueAnd a third word would be: horror, as this game is a true prize-winner among other so-called horror games.The ship is randomly generated, the monster is chosen from 3 monster types and you never know what to expect from this game. Every monster is different and has its own intelligence. There are  3 escape routes, each needing a few items scattered randomly across the ship.Sadly, i must admit that i have never managed to finish the game. The AI is so great and difficult to overcome that this game actually proves to be a challenge and the atmosphere is so great that I have trouble sleeping at night (kidding, but i sometimes have trouble advancing through the game cause i am frightened and end up hiding in a locker).10/10 one of the great horror games out there (except amnesia ofc)"
,Recommended,296710,16011702,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Cubix312,it seems really good but i dont know what its like because i just hide in the locker the whole time XD but i have seen it on youtube this game is super scary if you want to be scared then BUY NOW
,Recommended,296710,15946626,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,happy spook month,"I got this game because of a streamer I was watching, and I kept yelling at my screen. So I decided to play this game, and it wasAMAZINGLY SCARY. Seems like a an easy a game, but once you play it, trust me, every time you turn a corner is another heart raising moment. You will smite yourself if you have this very loud. Which is sad, at the moment there are only3monsters right now. Would recommend this game, but on a sale. Like The Escapists, not worth 18$. More around 5-13$ you can get it."
,Recommended,296710,15932071,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Dr. Badnews,"if you enjoyed Alien : Isolation (a VERY punishing game), you WILL enjoy this game, though less punishing, it sure brings out the best of the ""survival horror"" genre.(strongly recommend as it's FAR better than outlast)  This is a new ""AHHH!!!  holy *beep* that was close"" simulator"
,Recommended,296710,14964342,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,RAIZO,"Prepare to sh*t your pants off in 'LOCKER HIDING SIMULATOR 2015'!!Seriously though, if there were achievements in this game, and in particular one for hiding in a locker for 1 hr,  I'd have easily unlocked it.  But please don't let the dated graphics fool you - this is easily one of the most terrifying, tension-filled games currently available.In my opinion the murky, drab graphics only add to the heightened sense of dread you'll experience while playing this game, and considering that you're on a cargo ship, they're a perfect fit.  Also, what little music there is fits nicely with the theme of the game - being stalked on a cargo ship by a monster while you attempt to collect items you need to escape - and the sounds are especially well done.This is a rogue-like/perma-death game and So far there are 2 monster types with 3 means of escaping (helicopter, sub and life raft).  Updates are still being added as well.In summation, this is well worth $15 and proof that you don't need trading cards or achievements to have a good gaming experience. And as far as horror gaming goes, this is a true masterpiece of dread that oozes originality."
76561198009800914,Recommended,296710,16062735,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Coaldrone,"Over the years I have acquired a lot of Steam games, but rarely do I feel sufficiently motivated to write a review for a particular game. For Monstrum, I am more than willing to make an exception. Be warned, this is long, pretentious and tries to be more cerebral than my brain can handle, but ♥♥♥♥ it, I love this game too much.The premise:You are alone on a ship.You need to get off the ship.Something else is on the ship.You don't know what it is.You don't know where it is.It. Is. Hunting. You.Anyone who has played Slender, Outlast, Amnesia or any other screaming youtuber-bait knows the drill - darkness + beastie + orchestral stings = Not Another Generic Indie Horror Title amirite? Certainly I will not pretend that Monstrum is a title that pushes the genre's boundaries in any meaningful way; it is in essence a corridor crawler where you must find certain items to achieve a goal whilst avoiding a hostile entity that would like nothing more than to make you not be alive no more.What Monstrum is, is an exemplary and noteworthy addition to the indie horror family, one that I feel stands alongside Amnesia in terms of achievement. It earns this accolade through its incredible mastery of two distinct elements that are absolutely intrinsic to the basic concept of horror, be it within video games or entertainment media in general.The first element is Sound. Any horror film/game/show worth its salt has at least a basic understanding that, while Sight is the sense that is the easiest to use to convey the imagination of the creator of the film/game/show, Sound is the ultimate doorway into the imagination of the viewer/player themselves. Sound can paint pictures, it can control emotions, and it can create POSSIBILITIES. In horror, Sight is the opening of Schroedinger's Box. In horror, Sound IS Schroedinger's Box. With Sound, there are no constants, only variables. And amongst those variables, horror crawls and chitters.In Monstrum, as you travel around the claustrophobic corridors and gantries of the ship, ignorant of the location of your nemesis, things can seem quiet in a very stark, relative way. But Monstrum is not quiet. Wherever you go, you are beset by Sound, in the form of groaning doors, hissing pipes, humming electronics, crashing waves and hostile camera alarms. The ambient Sound is Monstrum is spectacular, creating a sense of sickening dread that I have only felt in a number of games that I can count on two fingers. Unusually, the most notable of these is the Sound that you as the player will create. Every step you take clangs and echoes through like ship like a demented church bell, every door you open screeches and wails like a titanium newborn. In terms of Sound, the actions that you as a player take create such a hideous, crunching contrast with the perceived silence that you will curse every door, every drawer, every step as you fight the urge to run before the Creature comes to investigate all the noise you're making.I'm not even going to mention the noises the Creature makes as it closes in on you. You can buy the game if you want a taste of that.The second horror element that Monstrum, in my opinion, blows out of the park, is The Unknown. Historically, one of the best examples of the use of The Unknown is of course Lovecraftian horror, and the cosmicism principle that we are an infinitely insignificant species, at the non-existent mercy of beings, entities or powers infinitely greater than ourselves. This premise is tapped into by a significant number of video games, notably Call of Cthulu, Alone in The Dark (THE ORIGINAL ALONE IN THE DARK, LET ME BE CLEAR), Slender and even Mass Effect to an extent. Fear of The Unknown is an ancient, biological instinct, pervading millions of years of evolution, death, predation and cowering in the dark. It teaches us that inside Schroedinger's Box, there may not be a cat at all - there may simply be teeth, teeth that allow us to scream for half a second before clamping over our throat.The ship in Monstrum is randomly generated each time you play. Every time you start a new game, once-familiar corridors, corners and entrances will evaporate, replaced with a new, alien configuration. Key items required to escape from the ship will move around like mischievous imps with every playthrough, taunting you with their absence. This flawless use of The Unknown means that in Monstrum, there is no real strategy guide, no Youtube walkthrough, and certainly no map. The only guide you will have is the one in your mind - the one you hastily scribble inside your head as you traverse new doors, new passages, new threats. This is where Monstrum achieves - no matter how many times you play, you cannot know all. No matter how many times you play......The Unknown will be there with you.Finally, we come to it. Your Nemesis. The Creatures themselves. Horror itself demands an antagonist, and Monstrum delivers not one, but three. Each time you play, the game will randomly select one of three completely different Creatures to come play with you. No spoilers, buy the game. All you need to know is that when you start a new game YOU DO NOT KNOW WHICH CREATURE IS ON THE SHIP WITH YOU. It is difficult to describe the feeling this elicits within me every time I open that first door, and I suspect that is because it is a feeling that I have rarely felt, perhaps have NEVER felt. It is The Unknown, boiled to purity and soaked into my soul. I don't know where I am. I don't know where it is. God help me, I don't know what it is.Monstrum unlocks the power of random/procedural generation in video games in a way that is blisteringly brilliant, a way that I cannot adequately intone. There are some minor issues with this game, but I cannot even begin to summon the wherewithal to mention them. Monstrum's use of Sound is devastating to the nerves, its cloying, rusty graphics a steroid to my wide, glistening eyes. This is indie horror.Buy it."
76561198040605941,Recommended,296710,14831846,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Gorlam,Died too steam.Scared the hell outta me.10/10Would play again.
,Recommended,296710,15024596,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Jerot,"An interesting take on the very popular Survival Horror genre, lots of potential, I will re-review when the game is fully released.I feel like one thing that could really make this game stand out above the crowd would be to include workshop integration, to allow players to model and create custom monsters and behaviors, potentially even maps if that is feasible. The possibilities there are absolutely blowing my mind, having all sorts of classic horror movie favorites, and potentially using multiple different monsters on the same map.As for its current state, if you enjoy the survival horror genre this won't be anything mind blowing, but so far everything is very well executed. The random map generation is impressively organic while not feeling overly restricted or predictable. Multiple possible avenues for escape, and having to choose between them as you scavenge for the materials you will require to use them can be tense with a monster breathing down your neck. Needing to decide which things to bring with you for escape, as you can't carry them all, and leaving enough room for useful items like glowsticks/torches and fuses.Great potential, good stuff so far, looking forward to seeing where it goes."
76561198067150806,Recommended,296710,14358572,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,ShaneoBueno,Very good and has a lot of potential. It has a very eerie atmosphere which is very effective when you hear ever step the monsters take and every door they open. As far as early access the game is most definetely playable and again has a lot of potential. 9/10 A terrifying yet satisfying experience.
76561197997093310,Recommended,296710,14508246,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Undeadoverlord666,Really good game. It scared the hell out of me the first time i saw the monsters!
76561198086176027,Recommended,296710,14968436,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Dninja,"A very Scary horror game, had my heart racing and sent chills down my spine!Let me start off by saying I was trembling when i first heard the monster searching for me, it just felt like impeding doom and despair was on its way. The game randomizes its layout keeping the mystery aspect alive. Multiple Escape routes. Great Great sound and atmosphere to really immerse yourself into the suspense and dread.Lastly Hide and RUN LIKE HELL!! Or try to anyway hahahahahaHighly reccommend you buy this game, as always play with lights off and headphones or loud TV for best scare adrenaline"
76561198122378940,Recommended,296710,19139948,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,OoTrillionoO,"I reccomend this game for anyone with nerves of steel. Damn, the atmosphere in this is stellar. Random generation of the layout, as well as different monsters each playthrough will keep you on your toes."
,Recommended,296710,19302706,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,constchar*,Underneath Bed Inspection Simulator 2015
76561198007142965,Recommended,296710,20288798,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Rawbeard,'struuuuuuuuuum!
76561198087713157,Recommended,296710,24222776,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Argyle,"Monstrum is an unusually well crafted horror game in the mold of Slenderman. If you liked Slenderman, you'll like Monstrum. If you didn't like Slenderman, but do like other survival horror, you still have a shot at liking this. Slenderman never got to me, but Monstrum very much did. The atmosphere is consistent, the sound design is perfect, the motions are unnerving, and it all feels very well put together."
,Recommended,296710,24148115,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,St_Winter,It was a great game but what surprised me was there was no way to save the game... it was a blast but i just dont have the time to play a whole round.
76561198066616497,Recommended,296710,23258370,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Tony Salami,"starts gamebegins in some wierd roomexits and takes in the atmospheresteam pipes burst everywhere (super loud)getting more alerted and heart starts to poundstarts to turn off every valvecautiously looks for stuff to loottakes 7 minutes, no monstersgets too confident and starts to run aroundopens a doorhears the slightest thump from behindgets confused if it was a door that closedturns around!??!?!?!?!?!????!WTFFFFFFFISTHAAT??!!??!?!?!?!?!?!extremely loud and intense music startsrun like hellmusic stops and the monster is gonepauses game and changes pants and cries for 10 minutes10/10 scariest game ive ever played"
76561198138959721,Recommended,296710,23176192,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Confused234milo,DUDE GET THIS GAME i love horror games and everything about them and something about this game has sparked the concept love it the graphics love them the monsters love them everything about this game is great BUTTTTT i cant be the only one thats thinking wouldnt it be scarier if there was a co-op mode or a versus mode that would be amazing if there was co-op but apart from that this game is absolutely flawless
,Recommended,296710,23139526,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Pickled Geek,"Good game on sale. Nice mechanics. Nice atmosphere. For me, the scariest thing about the game is the Devs website is down... maybe gone."
76561198094081690,Recommended,296710,23760602,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Tommin Sali,"THIS IS FOOKEN GENIOUS!I've only got 3 hours in to this cause I'm a big ♥♥♥♥♥ and i dont want to be that spooked!I've already gone through this once (and died like 100 times), but i don't care i just want to play more!I know it's the base idea of the game to have 3 monsters, but hey more monsters could bring even more spooks and the spooks that this game already delivers are fantastic. + the graphics are 'pretty goood' no need for the mlg nvidia gtx over 9000's you can crank the graphics up easily!Easily a one of the best horror games I've ever played and the best at this price range. THIS REVIEW SHORT: AYYY that's pretty good."
,Recommended,296710,24064910,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,AlphaWolf,I love horror games so i think this game is totally for me. Hope i can escape all 3 ways!!
76561198047035654,Recommended,296710,24056307,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Plague ♪ 火,"Just starting the game triggered an alarm and i saw a orange glowing thing, i ran  and managed to avoid it, after a while i heard foot steps and i tought that it was near me so i went down 1 floor and move into a hallway just to find the MF straight into my face and got my neck snapped10/10 would go to buy new underwear again"
76561198082418659,Recommended,296710,24773158,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Happy Potato,Great game. Very spooky. most horror games arn't scary but this game is so spooky. i am afraid to go to the next room for fear of encountering one of them.
76561198037306993,Recommended,296710,16430056,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Daemonfox,"As you can see I haven't played a lot of this game but I got it for two reasons. 1 - It was on sale & 2 - The reviews are good.The game itself is very nicely made, graphically and instrumentally. Builds atmosphere very well and the sounds work very well. Still being a complete newb I still have no idea how to avoid and or escape an encounter with a monster but I documented my first ever time booting it up for viewing pleasure.https://youtu.be/GB2M18lLvQkI didn't find it as scary as what other people make out so I'm not sure if I was playing it wrong or my brain just wasn't able to react to what was happening on screen, either way I'd recommend it for horror fans but I wouldn't say its best one about.Side note its less jumpscares and more ambient/atmospheric, also load times can be slightly lengthy (Dependant on your system I'm sure) due to the random level generation."
,Recommended,296710,16653844,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Spaghetti Bender,"Monstrum is one of the greatest games in the horror genre.The setting gives a feeling of isolation, with random generation always providing a level of challenge and unfamiliarity. The silence makes every noise seem alarmingly loud, and every step you worry will reveal your location.Gameplay wise, this game is awesome. There are three different monsters, each with their own behaviors and abilities. When you start a game, you will be on the edge of your seat waiting for and dreading the first apparence of the monster. You have three ways to get off the ship, and every game the ship is generated differently so you never know where you can run and hide until you have explored it again.The monster behavior in this game is fantastic. I especially love that you get one hit killed if you get directly caught by a monster, it makes it far more frightening than having a creature do the same clumsy animation 3 or 4 times to kill you.The difficult adds to the intensity. It is beatable, but it is not easy. You know you can escape the monster, but you know you likely won't. Every playthrough is a ♥♥♥♥♥.There are also little mechanics peppered throughout the game that you need to discover on your own so I will not talk about them. Winning the game usually takes a bit more than running and hiding.TL;DRThis game will be so intense that you hardly want to play it. So, if you want an truly good horror experience, but this game!"
76561198047344320,Recommended,296710,17145806,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Chompers,Im attracted to lockers after playing this game. Terrifying...
,Recommended,296710,16044566,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Onepixelwrong,"This game has created a fear environment in all of the people that have played this game. Randomization mixed with fierce and gracious graphics creates a majestic game of time consuming, pants soiling, blood-curdling scream-ified happiness. The monsters themselves set the games mood but with the most recent update that adds wall art (blood, creepy pictures) it adds onto the atmosphere. Some cutscenes for the ending scenes would be nice but lets accept it for now.Keep rocking guys-OnePixelWrong"
76561198067203752,Recommended,296710,17050295,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Mr Poppitt,"So today, this game made me wee a little... 10/10Watch for the reason whyhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iN6fPdrM23E"
76561198125434911,Recommended,296710,14501963,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Assburger King,Best Hiding Simulator of 2015
76561197972598594,Recommended,296710,22524370,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Brogeta,"High, intense survival horror. Alien: Isolation esque goodness"
76561198291923215,Recommended,296710,28340800,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,gameisart,"This isn`t the best game I played or the scariest game I played but it sure is thrilling! The positions of the items always change and there are different types of monsters which has different abilities, making you have a different experience everytime! And once you die you have to start all over again. So it makes the game more thrilling since you must not die."
76561198319134377,Recommended,296710,28135330,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Amarok,I spent a half of my playtime stuck in lockers.
76561198161071695,Recommended,296710,28081930,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,ATOM,I am so salty right now. I had got the game for 3 pound. As it was on sale. I found it too scary to play so I got a refund. I decided I would try again. But I guess it is too late now. *SIGH*
,Recommended,296710,28113131,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,oMaMori,I personally can not play horror games.But I love to watch others play horror games.This game guys...I bought it when it's sale last black friday...Man...I love it and I hate it same time.Scare me so much!!!lOl
76561198000177615,Recommended,296710,27912898,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,xremeidiot,"I was genuinely surprised at how effective this game was at keeping me hiding under the beds and desks long after the monster had left the room, considering I had never even heard of it before it showed up on my suggested games list. For anyone who loves horror games, I reccommend this big time. Give it a shot, see if you have the willpower to win."
76561197970548698,Recommended,296710,27596321,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Beast Man,A little rough around the edges but got it where it counts. definatly worth picking up while on special.
,Recommended,296710,24639933,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Thahunter,"Right off the bat, get this game. I got it while it was on sale, and it was worth it! I watched a youtuber making about 13 videos about his experience, but never considered to buy this game myself. But wow, playing it for the first time really gave me a scary feeling the whole time, hiding in a locker....I had a lot of fun. Of course after a while you don't really get the scares anymore and confront monsters more than before, but they are pretty scary, still."
,Recommended,296710,33195810,Posted: 3 July,all,Morj,"Покупать только на распродажеПлюсы+ Атмосферно.+ Не коридорчик, нужно что-то делать, несколько путей побега.+ Можно победить монстра сбежав с корабля, или просто пшыкнуть в лицо с огнетушителя оглушив негодяя или завести в лужу бензина и поджечь, выведя его на некоторое время из строя.+ Нету тупых скримеров, если ты боишься, то боишься самого присутствия монстра и испытываешь панику во время погони, пытаясь открыть трясущимися ручками дверь.+ Мультиплатформа. Пользуюсь Линуксом, каждая нативная игра в копилку - большой плюс, так ещё и такого уровня, что не стыдно и на какую нибудь инди выставку с ней поехать.Минусы- Короткая, за 10-12 часов можно победить всех монстров и выучить корабль наизусть(наверное потому, что я готовился перед боем с монстром и рисовал карту коробля).- Плохо оптимизированная, при таком то графене фпс как в Battlefield 1, а еслы выкрутить на низкие то вместо текстурок мыло.- ""Кривые руки"" пероснажа явно растут чуть выше, чем положено и когда, допустим, смотришь на пол, рука с фонариком не сгибается, как будто у персонажа сгибается только спина.- Никаких следов жизни на корабле, одежды работников, следы крови в 2 местах на 6 палубе и в роде бы на 5, да и те маленькие, как будто кровь из носа пошла. Выглядит как будто все обнаружили монстра и уплыли с корабля, забрав все свои вещи (кроме кружек, лол).- Сюжет чтоб был, какие то записки, ""ТАЙНЫЙ ГРУЗ, КОТОРОГО НЕ БЫЛО В СПИСКЕ ЗАГРУЖАЕМЫХ НА БОРТ"" и про пропажу людей.- Монстры тупят, охотник после того, как погорит в бензине ""бежит в страхе"" со скоростью моей бабули, я даже перед ним становился пару раз, а он с такой же вальяжной походкой шёл к вентиляции и скрылся зализывать раны. А ещё в первую игру против призрака не понял, что я перед собой вижу, ибо со спины выглядит как чёрное с прожилками фиолетового облако, он меня заметил только когда я обошёл его и собственно увидел его мордаху.- Монстры не графонистые, кроме громилы, он более менее. Охотник - прозрачачный дрыщ с открывающимся в 3 стороны ртом, призрак похож на прозрачного элементаля воды из WoW(Legion)  в тёмном облаке и со ""страшным"" лицом.~ Слишком светло для дрейфующего в море корабля с не работающим двигателем. (Везде на верхних палубах освещение как на 3 скриншоте).- Боишься не то, что тебя съест монстр, а то, что тебе придётся заново начинать игру.ИтогМонстры не страшные, корабль атмосферный, но пустоватый и маленький, игра короткая, но хотя бы имеет пути развития событий, не оптимизированная, сюжета нет. Своих 3 долларов явно стоит, не более."
,Recommended,296710,33160482,Posted: 2 July,all,ExistentialistWerewolf,"It's lo fi and rather obscure, but it's probably the best game of cat and mouse that I've had. This one capitalizes on your paranoia, not jumpscares, and is actually a real game with tons of strategic potential. Or you could just hide in a closet."
76561198354933215,Recommended,296710,33285847,Posted: 5 July,all,SamuelAndjoseph112,This game is acutally very challenging and scary. except whats the unexpected. And if you'r looking for a fun horror game then this is for you my friend.
76561198203358516,Recommended,296710,32360825,Posted: 12 June,all,Denis789 pvpro.com,Beste
76561198318418220,Recommended,296710,32362238,Posted: 12 June,all,Spencer Tree,Monstrum is a very unique game. I like the style and it's a nice game to come play when your bored. I feel as tho it gets boring after awhile. Not something that's gonna keep ur interest for long but this is coming from someone who plays open world survival games so if course everything else is gonna be like that to me xD. Jk. It's a very open game with many places to get lost and wonderful dark corners to get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by monsters. Overall I recommend.
,Recommended,296710,32265722,Posted: 8 June,all,Rooster Rawlington,"Monstrum is quite possibly the tensest game I have ever played. The location, atmosphere, sounds, and having to finish the current run in one sitting - it is impossible to save progress, even when exiting the game - make it a genuinely terrifying experience.One criticism I have about gameplay is that the monsters are always aware of which area of the ship you are in. The brute, for instance, could be stomping about in the engine room. Even if it never notices you, it will show up a couple of minutes after you sneak all the way to the other end of the huge cargo ship. I suppose this adds to the tension, but it also adds to the already considerable difficulty.Despite the difficulty, the objective seems just attainable enough that there is always that urge to play one more run.Overall, I would highly recommend this game to horror fans. In my opinion, Monstrum is one of the best examples of the genre.Also, the Linux version works perfectly on my machine, even though I am not running Ubuntu. So, a great big thanks to the dev team for releasing a completely functional Linux version."
76561198171033215,Recommended,296710,32162976,Posted: 3 June,all,w00,"JESUS I CANT BEAT THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥I QUIT, but good game 9/10"
76561198103693159,Recommended,296710,32192835,Posted: 4 June,all,Fusiontech,Great game really creepy and stressful. Only con I have against this game is animations look pretty weird at times and lack of monsters and maps. Other than that awesome game.
,Recommended,296710,32760691,Posted: 25 June,all,115Ironwolf,It's has a charm. don't expect to escape any time soon..
,Recommended,296710,32910847,Posted: 27 June,all,AudioCircini,"This was the moment i've been waiting for; I attach the chain and prepare to hook the raft. This was it, my escape; I will finally get out of this hell of a ship. As I hook the raft the tide suddenly turned and the monster charged toward me. The fight was going to end one way or another. So I try to break from the creatures sight, only to find myself cornered and his footsteps clanking near. This was when I knew my fate; this is where I die.So far this is a great horror game i'm only saddened that there is not a workshop for mods.I would say this game is a indi rogue like Alien isolation and I love that about it it is worth the price."
76561198061883397,Recommended,296710,32944806,Posted: 28 June,all,Lin-Kuei Master,"It's hard, It's scary, It's fun, It's well made. Monstrum has tons of good ideas for gameplay and is really entertaining - if you like games like Amnesia: The Dark Descent, or Outlast, where you can't fight your enemies, and you must run away instead, THIS IS GAME FOR YOU :))Tip: While playing, always have ""duck tape"" in your inventory! You can disable cameras with it, and trust me, you really want to disable cameras - all of them :/"
,Recommended,296710,32982643,Posted: 29 June,all,Ruk,"This is the best horror indie game I have ever played. The research of items and the chases of monsters makes this game different from the others, because you really feel hunted by the monsters, which is actually true. Also they didn't put the overused Jumpscares, which is better because they aren't that scary after all... Personally I think that a monster chasing you is a lot more scarier. Also the graphics aren't that bad. The are better out there, that's for sure, but it's alright for me."
76561198120796441,Recommended,296710,32638488,Posted: 22 June,all,mark,"If you combined in a sense, Alien with Titanic. Then you get this memorable scary-as-hell video game called Monstrum. In Monstrum you play as a survivor trapped on a ship that is stuck in the middle of the ocean and you have to escape, but the ship is haunted by creepy monsters that stalk the ship. And you have to find a way to survive and escape the ship of horrors. I thought this game would be easy but trust me these monsters aren't dummies, you have to learn their patterns and listen out for warning signs because if you make one mistake then it will end badly. The atmosphere and tension holds you in an icy grip as you explore the ship looking for ways to escape from the ship and finding items while at the same time you're trembling because you don't know where or when danger will strike. There are 3 monsters in the game and they are ♥♥♥♥ing scary as hell believe me, and they are well-designed and another thing that makes them unique is they have different behavioural patterns and weaknesses. Each monster has their own characteristics as well. I applaud the makers of Monstrum for creating a gem of a horror game that begs for everyone to play. Monstrum is worth checking out, and believe me you won't be dissapointed."
76561198209022088,Recommended,296710,33049127,Posted: 30 June,all,Snort,"Overall this game was truly terrifying and a pain to try and get all the endings. First of all, when you die, you die, theres no getting anything that you had back, you restart, the whole map changes up a bit, and theres a whole new monster, or perhaps the same one, which forces you to change your strategies. It leads to lurking in the hallways, going into the many rooms in the ship, to bumping into the monster and running for your life, to hiding in the rooms, finding the right items, and eventually, escaping, time to get the other two escapes routes. This game can and will give you chills once you experience the true horror of these creatures, and they can, and will give you a good scare. I highly recommend this game to those who want a terrifying scare, and those who'd like a good challenge."
76561198074015244,Recommended,296710,29104008,Posted: 7 January,all,Yellowcab the Hunter,"""Monstrum"" Game Review:                                                                                                                                                           ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Monstrum is a rouge-like indie survival horror game that is randomly generated each new game. This game puts you in the shoes of an un-named, silent protagonist who wakes up with amnesia on a big abandoned cargo ship. You're job is to try and get off of the this ship. You have to wonder around on the ship looking for things you can make useful to you're way out and yes, there are multiple endings. You'll search around unlocking blocked/locked rooms, checking on shelfs, on the floor, on tables, desks (even garbage cans). Sounds easy enough, right? *BUZZZZZ* Wrong. While you're doing just that, there is also something on the same ship looking for any left over people to hunt down. So you'd better have a finger on the Shift key and be ready at all times. Either pray to God that you'll out-run it, destract it with something that makes sound, or resort to hiding (Note: hiding doesn't always work). The monster isn't the only death you have to avoid. There are also traps and also alarms you can trigger. With a randomly generated map, multiple scary monsters and multiple escape routes and very few ways to parcially defend yourself, this game makes up for a good survival horror experience.Monsters: (Skip this part if you don't want any spoilers)------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------The Brute:will run as fast as it can to you in a chase and can tear down almost anything standing in it's way. However, his footsteps are pretty frickin' loud so, it's easy to tell when he's near, but isin't exactly easy to know what deck it's actually on. It's face has an orange glow coming from it's head, so when it's around the corner, you can atleast kinda brace yourself for it's attack.The Hunter:will ""lay"" egg-sacks around the ship at times and those eggs can easily trigger the hunter to spawn out of them. Also, be cautious when running near vents, because the Hunter can go in there as well. However, it moves relitivaly slow and is not as strong as the Brute.The Fiend:will make the lights flicker when he is near you and will turn the lights off completely when he's breathing down you're neck. However, he does not have any footsteps, as he just levetates about. He may not be the strongest, but has the abilitly to take away YOUR ability to open doors in chases at times. He will also try to stun you.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+PROS::------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Plenty of achievments to keep you busy for a whileRandomly generatedDifferent cool and scary monstersDifferent endingsTense and creepyCool tetails and room designsCan use the game with the ""Oculus Rift"" VR set+-PRO-CONS::------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Good controlles. Using ""F"" to open doors can be a liitle weird at first, but you'll eventually get use to it. You can also just screw with the controlles until the feel right for youDescent graphics. All though, they look a little bit out-dated. Probably because they're Unity graphicsGameplay can get kinda stale after awhile, but the game is still funGame can be very short or long depending on how the things spawn in the shipAssuming the monster killed everyone on the ship, there should be WAY more blood every where. I'm not saying that's what I want, but that would be a little more realistic, right?Not worth every single penny of the $17.99 price tag, but every once in a while it has some convenient sales-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------CONS::No ""Vive"" supportGlitches (tho some are quite funny) (and also, some are now removed do to an update)No moonRarley updated now a daysNo SpongeBob------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------OVERALL SCORE::_____|8.0/10|  Overall, great survival horror game. You should go check it out! :)--------"
,Recommended,296710,24744341,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,aromain150,"This game is monstrous!7.5/10+ a lot of replayability+ a lot of endings+ 3 monters with unique ability's+ controls are ""ok""+ Game can be played in VR- NO SAVE BUTTON"
,Recommended,296710,34726284,Posted: 3 September,all,packrat750,"I wish there WAS a Save button ,, ALTHOUGH LOVE THIS GAME SCARED THE HELL OUTA ME"
76561198179573725,Recommended,296710,34703489,Posted: 2 September,all,Mercilessfir30,Greatest horror- survival game of 2016 and 2017 the game has great graphics and mechanics in the monsters of this game which makes it terrifying thank you for making the game PS i would like it if There would be MONSTRUM 2 plz. THank YOU :)
76561198087345773,Recommended,296710,35146292,Posted: 23 September,all,sunny29990,"Its true classic survival horror. You are the lone survivor of a stranded ship in the middle of the sea and you have to escape the ship using any one of the three escape routes given to you: A Helicopter, A Life Raft and A Submarine. The only problem is that all 3 are non functional and you have to make them in working condition by finding parts scattered around the ship randomly. Sounds easy right? Wrong... as a monster stalks you on this ship and actively hunts you down. You have to avoid the monster and gather the parts for your particular escape route and escape the ship...all in one sitting.With its roguelike gameplay,permeadeath feature and random map design, the player will always be on his toes as anything can happen in this game. It incorporates elements of strategic planning and decision making on which route you are going to take to escape the ship and also on avoiding and trapping monsters. I have never played anything like this...and its terrifying as hell. The atmosphere is great, the monsters are great and the sound is top notch. Each time you start the game a random monster will spawn somewhere on the ship and usually you will get the hints on which one it is through audio cues. Its a perfect blend of cat and mouse which pits you against the monster...and as you start to find more parts for your escape route it gets more tense as you are more concerned on not messing things up at the last moment.It gives a new meaning to the word ""Survival horror"" as you actually try to survive long enough to escape the ship. This game is great for a multiple playthrough to escape through all 3 routes and win against all 3 monsters. Definitely worth the money. The performance and graphics are great and you will have a good time playing it. Just make sure to play it with some spare time in hand as  depending on your luck it may be over quickly or too late as this game does not support a save feature, but then again, it was not meant to, and that's a good thing."
76561198180489782,Recommended,296710,35250079,Posted: 27 September,all,[TYOS] Pyrotonix,It's a great horror game! The monsters are fairly horrifying and the cargo ship is a pretty disturbing place!I recommend it!
,Recommended,296710,35029774,Posted: 17 September,all,Cayloo,I thought that there was collision on that light for the boat ending. I hate my life.Would get angered again.10/10
