user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198004057734,Not Recommended,296830,14457602,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Button Mash,"Poison all the doughnuts!I'm not sure about this one. I get what it’s trying to accomplish, and it should succeed. But there are enough bugs and glitches that it falls flat. Basically, you want to kill innocent people in creative ways. Good! Great! But 9/10 I fall back on poisoning doughnuts with ""pills"" and just tossing them at dudes. Basically, no NPC ever does what you want them to do, or goes were you want them to go, leaving amazingly fun traps completely useless. I had this one, I had put a sharpened stick in a pressurized valve so if I threw the switch, the pressure would push the stick out at fatal velocity. To lure an unsuspecting janitor near said trap, I threw a few cans of baked beans into two laundry machines, confident the noise would attract him. It did! And he clipped into the door and was just stuck.Reloaded and tried again.Clipped into the door again.Frustrated, I threw poisoned doughnuts at him. Get used to that. Between flammable liquid, cigarettes, exploding whatits, water jugs, endless electrical wires, sharpened sticks, collapsing ceiling fans and just good old thwacking someone in the head with a wooden beam, my most used death dealing trap as the literal son of Satan...was poisoning Crispy Crèmes and leaving them out like Elmer ♥♥♥♥ing Fud hunting a fat man.Also for a Hospital with tons of nurses, doctors and security guards, they really do move randomly! I kept trying to figure out their movement patterns, plan my murders. Nothing to it. As far as I can tell, any NPC(not locked in a room) has free range to move anywhere on the map, at any time. Making sneaking and murdering, the two core concepts of the game, rather random and difficult.I spend most of my time looking for pills to poison people, and its getting old fast.Devs, I’d recommend tightening up the AI and maybe streamlining some of the ways to kill people. Too many tight corners you can’t throw things past, and too many small rooms where its impossible to throw cans at ceiling fans without being noticed and the unsuspecting victim standing up and the fan missing.EDIT: Okay, I'm offically calling this game done. Found a beach ball randomly in a hosptial. When I highlighted it, this is what I got:""Bengt the ball is the name given by Pewdiepie to the red and white ball found in Game Lucius 1""So, buy at your own risk..."
,Not Recommended,296830,14482132,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,~Insane オタク~,"Oh blimey, what happened here? It's as if someone took Postal, took all the weapons out, mixed it with Goat simulator, baked a rather crudely made cake out of it and then merely added Lucius as the glazing!But in all seriousness, this is quite terrible. Yes, the first game was quite limited, but it was a solid game with a fairly dense athmosphere and kills that had some weight and meaning to them.In Lucius 2, meanwhile, you're pointlessly killing braindead NPCs who just happen to be around. Mostly with poisoned doughnuts, because the game mechanics are far too wonky and buggy to actually try and plot some kind of ingenious way of dispatching somebody.Poisoned doughnuts, you ask? Why yes, haven't i mentioned the braindead AI? Why WOULDN'T you eat an entire box of doughnuts that you randomly found on the floor? And while we're at it, why WOULD you react to that little boy over there, bursting into demonic flames as he levels up? Clearly, this game is supposed to take place in some bizarro-dimension.Oh, it also doesn't help that when you do achieve such an unsatisfying, anticlimactic kill, the game demonstrates just how crudely it's made with a display of wonky, silly ragdoll physics. Whoo.Have i mentioned that on top of all of that bad design, the game is also one of the buggiest messes i've seen? Yeah, NPCs phasing through doors, objects becoming non-interactable at random, the whole shabang. There's quite a few early access games out there that are more finished than this one. At least at the time of writing, which is 2 days after release.But hey, now that i've mentioned all the bad things, here's a list of all the good things i have to say about it:You'll notice that the list above appears to be rather devoid of text. I'm sure you can figure out just why that is."
,Not Recommended,296830,14471057,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,codexus,"A rather disappointing sequel.The original was all about story and atmosphere. While every chapter had a gruesome murder at the end, that was only after you had a chance to learn more about the manor, its inhabitants and their secrets.If the first game was an adventure game, Lucius II is a murder sandbox. So while you have more freedom about using your powers to kill in many different ways, all feel very empty and meaningless.Like in many horror movie sequels, it's easy to just increase the body count, but the atmosphere of the original was lost in the process."
,Not Recommended,296830,19862591,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,SaturdayXIII,"l love watching people on twitch play this game, so I bought it for myself.  I knew it had a terrible story, major performance issues, and lousy controls, but murder never looked so gosh darn fun.  Now I really dislike it.  It had so much potential until I actually tried to play it.  It's not hard to just play the game through, but I want to play WITH the game.  I wondered why streamers always killed people the same mundane ways.  Now I know it's because it's near impossible to do anything that the game didn't lay out for you to do step by step.  I don't want to poison donuts and kill people off one at a time, I want to set whole hospital floors on fire.  I tried.  Everyone just stopped their reduntant patrol circles and waited for the flames to die out.  No panic or anything.  Set up a neck level trip wire, and suddenly putting water on the floor doesn't make anyone slip.  wtf.  I knew this game seemed stupid with its cheesy cut scenes, scenarios, and references, now I know it actually is stupid because you're in a semi-open world environment with the goal to kill as many people as possible and the real challenge is trying to have fun while doing so."
76561198149248456,Recommended,296830,16773348,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,NC171,"This game took me a little over 8.5 hours to beat the main story. Though i didn't level up and max out all the skill trees this was a good game.  I feel however that the game is still ""broken"" and need futher patchs to fix the many bugs. Also i was hoping for a longer story, though I feel by the way the game ended that there will ether be a 3rd game or DLC. Overall i would give the game a 6 out of 10."
76561197990921513,Not Recommended,296830,15470043,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,seblecaribou,"That's what I call a disappointment!After a first episode, mediocre in execution but faithful at heart to the sub-genre of psycho kids movies, Lucius II could've been a great improvement to a really cool concept and a nice niche game. The linearity of the first episode? Gone! You have freedom to use your environment, and to compose with your habilities to create the kills you want. The lack of indication and sometimes really hard to figure puzzles? Gone too! Everything is written, sometimes three times (you know, just in case you were wondering if that door was a door...well it is!), you have plenty of informations and a map that moves in real time to help you out. The colision and AI bugs? Ghhu...oh wait. That's where it starts to stink.Because let's face it, Lucius II is a really poorly executed concept, a buggy mess, and a non-polished game that would deserve the ""early access"" tag at best.First of all, there is absolutly no AI. The characters react without any logical sense. You just killed someone with a gas explosion in a room? Don't worry about being detected, the person in the next room won't even hear what the hell just happened. You want to lure someone with the noise of an object? Good luck with that. The NPCs won't hear a thing half the time, and the rest of the time, will just stand there in awe, with a question mark on there head. They will continue there activities with a deceased body in the same room, covered with acid, or even with electrical wires coming down from the roof. Simply put, they don't give ****.And it's not like if it was the only ""oversight"". Nope, the controls are aweful. It not in the way Lucius moves, but in every aspect of the interaction with the game. Lucius can't grab anything with his hands: he has to use telekynetic powers to grab anything. It doesn't drain your energy, BUT if you go anywhere near a christian cross, the object falls on the ground and the little ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ can't pick it up, because he can't use telekynetic power in range of a cross. Oh sure, you can grab another object and throw it to the cross to flip it, but that's anoying. Now the biggest problem with that stupid idea of not being able to just grab something is this: if you have any object out of your magical pocket (you know, the one that contains 250 lbs worth of objects), you are suspicious: meaning you can't walk around with anything in your hand and you constantly have to holster in and out anything you want to use. Worst! Let's say you want to push a trolley with gas tank on it, to set it on fire and blow someone up, well since Lucius is allergic to everything, you can't push the thing if someone is around, because...you're pushing it with your mind and that's pretty suspicious. Bottom line, you can't touch anything, and that's pretty stupid.And at this point, you maybe thinking ""well if the AI sucks, how is that a problem?"" Well it's problem because IT BREAKS THE IMMERSION THE CHALLENGE THE MECHANICS THE GAMEPLAY THE ENTIRE FREAKING POINT OF THE GAME. Why would you play a game that consist in killing people in plain sight, without being seen, that has no AI what so ever, and that stops you from using the fun part of the levels? It's tedious, stupid, broken as hell (in the last two chapters, most NPCs died without me even being in the same room) and un-polished like an alpha from a Bethesda game. Sometimes object go through walls, preventing you from grabbing them; when it's a key, well you can load the level entirely. The ragdoll is out of controll, like Dark Souls on crack; when someone dies, anything can happen with the body. The worst thing about it is, that's the least of your problems when you play the game.As much as I liked the first one (with its flaws), and as much as I wanted a sequel, to get the Hitman X Omen that the first one made me wish for, I just feel like I've been abused by the developers. If you read me: I know you don't have that much money. I know you meant well, but that's not how you treat the players. If you don't have money for a good looking 3D game (yeah I didn't even mentioned the fact that it looks dated and that the background are atrocious) of that scale and that ambitious, you don't do it. You have to be cleverer and make better choices in term of technology and game-design. Why chose a hospital, a really crowded place, when you know, you absolutly know, that the AI is incapable of even reacting to the sound of an explosion? Why do you chose a wide open town, with corn fields that can't hide anything, if you are not capable of doing a good matte-painting? And seriously, what the hell is with all this indications everywhere?The concept is really cool, and GOD I wish there was someone to actually pull this off (like IO Interactive...the one from Blood Money, not Absolution) and make it a good game, while keeping the corniness of the plot, characters, and background that, in my opinion, add to the charm of the game...but yeah, that's not it. At all. And no patch can fix most of the problems.Don't buy.PS: the soundtrack is really nice though...but the audio mix sucks :'("
76561197998528153,Recommended,296830,14448984,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,The Honeybadger,"A vast improvement on the concept of the original. Now creativity is not just allowed, it's encouraged. You can plan, plot, and decide how to both use your skills, and your upgrades.Would I reccomend this? Highly. If you wished the original let you be more creative, this is what you wanted."
,Not Recommended,296830,14462399,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Mr Scumbag,"Unstable. Many, many bugs. Save states are amateur level in that they'll save the status of some objects and objectives and not others.Sometimes you can load from a save, other times you cannot. It's the luck of the draw whether or not a save will be loadable at all. No idea how they managed this trainwreck after a passable game the first time around, but this seems like it was made by complete newbie developers.As for the non-technical aspects, the gameplay is passable enough when it isn't breaking, the writing is horrible, there are typos and grammar mistakes in the menus. I'm surprised this was made by the same team responsible for the original Lucious, a game I enjoyed and that ran and performed just fine.Maybe it will be fixed, but there's no way in hell you should be buying something this horrendously broken before it's confirmed it's playable.Really disappointed, but given the glut of unfinished, broken games lately, not surprised at all.Skip it."
76561198029728372,Not Recommended,296830,17658800,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,mail.gery,"I played the game through yesterday and feel pretty angry and disappointed about it. A truly evil, original and quite interesting story without a proper finale, what a shame! The AI is stupid as hell and their moves are totally calculable, I would have expected some distinction amongst the NPCs but they are totally identical (why the hell do they all pick up and eat poisoned food from the floor?!), the game contains quite a few bugs and graphical glitches, and the latest patch arrived 6 months after the initial release date... I don't think it's very useful as most people already finished the game by now.Seriously, just a little more work put into this game (eg. improving AI and gameplay experience and creating a proper finale) and it could have been a nominee for the Game Of The Year award.It was fun to play it but Lucius II is definitely not what most people would expect for 20 Euros. :("
,Recommended,296830,22504707,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,ʟαʀιѕѕα🎀,"Lucius 2 begins at the end of Lucius 1. The detective saves you from the burning house, you end up in a hospital, here you attack a nun, get thrown into isolation and kill your doctors. here starts the actual gameplay, where you have to escape the hospital.Pros:+Lots of ways to kill people, you are no longer restrained to kill a person the same way. this might seem like only 1 + point, but this has great impact on your game experience and will make you wanna play more than 1 playthrough as you can take a different path now.+more maps, and bigger. there are like 10 maps, and each has lots of people in it (especially the maps in the hospital and in the town)+ More abilities, tree perk. you no longer only have 1 or 2 abilities you can use like in lucius. we were only able to create fire in the last few moments of the game, so you could max kill 3 people with the most awesome abilty.. however, in lucius 2 because of the tree perks you can decide what abilities you want first, (there are 3 tree perks, each has a few more powers in it as you level it up, you can have 2 full tree's when you complete the game)+Graphics are slightly better, but this doesnt matter that much for most people.now lets talk cons.-Lucius 2 has a bad story, this is something everyone can agree on. the beginning makes sense and is alright. but as you move forward, and complete the town map, you get the feeling they just send you to random blunt maps which seem the same and kinda boring looking-its hard to understand at first. before the game begins you get this little tutorial which gives you lots of information in a few minutes, which you quickly forget as some powers you wont immediately use. in lucius 1 the powers were evenly spread and when you got a new power / ability it was clearly explained how to use it and when, this however was not the case in lucius 2. (i had to look up a guide for the first map, so i understood how i could do everything and where to look for hints etc.)-the people in this game are absolutely ridiculous. you can kill someone in front of a nurse and she wont even come of her chair. you can break/modify items and people staring at you wont stop you. the only way to make them move is to actually walk in a restricted area, and even then is their line of sight really bad so you dont ever have the feeling of being truly ♥♥♥♥ed. also when you do get busted you can just use a lifeline and go on again, youll lose a bit of health but its easily gained by visiting a toilet (which are everywhere in this game)Okay, lets get real here for a second: Lucius 2 does not exceed the expectations after playing Lucius 1 for alot of people, the story is worse, AI is terrible, the people react bad, but that doesnt mean that this is such a bad game.Lucius 2 is a fun game to cycle around with your tricycle as you kill people with anything that you can touch. (or mind control) it might not be the most realistic or serious game but thats okay. Cause its fun.Id rate this game a 7/10 for enjoyment. as its really original with its playstyle. you wont often play something thats like this. i do recommend buying this on sale though. since the worth of the game really depends on what you find important in a game."
,Not Recommended,296830,16486405,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,SilenT,"My experience with the game!The story in this game is truely awesome and I like that you have loads of ways to kill your enemies.But some changes I dont like at all, for example you can't hold an item in your hand instead it levitates ( which annoys me ^^).The game is also full of bugs that really ruins your gameplay.If they just had put more hours on fixing the bugs this would be a masterpiece, based on Lucius 1 the gameplay is more enjoying in Lucius 2.Ups+ Awesome story+ Be creative and kill them your wayDowns- You cant hold an item regular- Bugs, bugs everywhereThx to all bugs i can't recommend this game :'("
,Not Recommended,296830,14451027,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,PigBear,"Why the F*@*@ is there a pewdiepie easter egg in the first level?Bengt the ball? Really? -_-EDITED: Ive changed my review from a thumbs up to thumbs down. This game is riddled with bugs, and the open world advertisement is a lie. You do NOT have free reign to an open world. You are given a mediocre ""town"" called Ludlow which consists of one block of literally 8 storefronts you can sneak around in. They are so close together you almost wonder how killing anyone is ""stealth"" because they discover the bodies quite easily if you don't burn them simply because of how small the area is. I also don't understand how there's an entire corn field burning as well as a giant cross on fire RIGHT next to the area all of the townsfolk are in. The fire is huge and big enough to lace the town in smoke, WHY is nobody reacting to that? The people seem eerily calm and accepting of their doom. Shouldn't they have SOME AI that works in the game's favor? Or are they just mindless drone NPC's poorly following a pre set path? Because you can literally map the steps of every npc if you watch them for a few seconds.For the first 20 minutes of the game you are confined to a hospital. So....its an open hospital...because I promise you the hospital has more to see than Ludlow itself.The game is BUGGY. Need I say it again? NPC's get stuck in doorways and walls, sometimes they don't even react to a kill.No...no....no...Shame on you Lucius...I was expecting so much more considering how good the first one was..."
,Recommended,296830,14930590,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,GettinMahPwnOn,"I played Lucius, I loved everything about the game. I took it for what it was, a game. I didnt go in expecting anything less than that. I got a great playing experience and a new challenge on every level. Its seriously very well put together no matter how much more they could have put in, it was perfect. Stealthy and Deadly. Lucius 2 So far (Level 4) is a little bit more dependant on what you learned from Lucius. Same great killings but done your own way. Its great and i love this series. Definitely worth a try if youre not a religious nutcase. Great Dark Humor."
76561198067455089,Not Recommended,296830,14523211,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,AlyD23,"Really dissapointed. I loved the first game so I was naturally excited to play it's succsessor. However this game feels so unfinished... The ragdoll, spaced out, incompetant AI, at times - sure it was funny. But half of the time it was a mess, bodies getting stuck to your feet, pulling some money out of your inventory to use a sandwich machine and people start freaking out. 'OH NO. A CHILD BUYING A SANDWICH, MUST BUST HIM' - MISSION OVER, INSTANT RAGDOLL. (Sure I was only buying the sandwich to poison victims, BUT HOW WOULD THEY HAVE KNOWN THAT?!)  It should be great seeing as this time you're given the freedom to kill how you please, however as many of the other reviews state you just resort to the old poison doughnut trick. Also I've been unable to complete the last mission as the shotgun has become un-clickable. So there's that. Really sad. 4/10 would not bang."
,Not Recommended,296830,14463112,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Storm Funsoms,"i encounterd bug after bug after bug.. music looping over eacother, possessed people were met with an invisible wall when i tried to make them walk into traps and people spotted me doing stuff trough the walls.. and i just want to make it clear that i did in fact go into options to turn off the music, but it did nothing.. the narroater's voice got so low that i only heard mumbling and couldn't make out anything he said. thank god for subtitle tho..we all love the first game, Lucius. and thats why i was eager to play this game, i bought it at once without hessitation when i saw it on steam. and began playing it as soon it was done downloading. first to notice is that the controlls are similar to that of a survival game on early access, as if it was under experiment.the feel you got when you kill'd someone in the prev game was awesome, you felt like you just did something bad and got away with it, no loose ends. but in this game.. the people are soulless already, and the fact that the dead bodies are just like footballs and getting easly pushd around simply by you walking to them does not help on the feel.the story is clunky at best, its predictable once you know the direction the story is heading and didnt really hold my intrest for long. i was more into finding diffrent ways to kill people, but you get a slight limitation towards what you can use. there are alot of ways to kill people, don't get me wrong, but the way to use them.. the game forces you to use creativity every single time, which is'nt good.. i want to get creative with my kills when im inspired to do so.. if i just want a guy dead, i should be allowed to do it simple.the npc's can easly go trough closed doors and other objects around, they simply ignore the law of physics to keep they'r scedual as scripted..there is alot of way to stump on this game, but i wouldnt really recomend anyone to try the game to fiugre out what that is. look up a let's player on youtube and watch before you make up your mind.3/10 - not finishd! i've had to reastart the game multiple times, and im still in the first chapter! i'd rather have a game just like the first game, than another game like this.just a little side note, if you don't seem to get any achivement, exit the game. the achivement will spam you'r corner. they don't show up ingame"
,Recommended,296830,33628831,Posted: 18 July,all,nosse,"Not as good as the first Lucius, but still pretty enjoyable. It has its bugs and all but afterall it is from a small studio. The playermodel bug with tricycle made me almost faint from laughing so hard.Takes ~10 hours to complete while drunk."
,Recommended,296830,32273411,Posted: 8 June,all,Nuuskiss,"What happens when you shock the devil's son?Lucius II is semi-free-roam slaughtering game which downrightly gourmandise with blood, flesh and bone. It follows directly the events of first Lucius -game, which gameplay was quite much the same as this sequel but was based more on puzzles and observing. This tedious, but yet rewarding way of proceeding has been pushed there where sun doesn't shine - because Lucius II reminded me more the games like Postal.First Lucius game was a success and still enjoys the status of cult classic and the gruesome scenes which it shows have been carved into millions of peoples' mind merely in youtube. While the game had and odd and unique atmosphere it still quite much limited players' doing the deeds and this was the thing that devs tried to hone and upgreade for Lucius II. How well did the sequel succeed? Read below.The game is a total mess with full of bugs! AI is dumb, clumsy, almost deaf and blind and seems to have goldfish memory for forgetting even most horrific things which happened just a half minute ago. The npcs keep running through the doors and I even met a nurse which greeted me politly with a kind voice before she immedietly jumped through the window screaming. This strange behaviour might have something to do with the scenario where I put her to stick the deadly vaccine into patients vain - but still the welcoming greeting became straightly out of the bush.But the hell with all these belsebubic cons - hate to say this but the Lucius II entertained me a lot.. It has so many various ways to deal with quests that can be times where you spot that there could have been easier and more rewarding way to commit a kill. In Lucius II the game can be completed very simply and bluntly - but each of 10 maps holds various tools and secrets which multiply the ways of proceeding and usually they give better experience rewards. Yes, Lucius II has a minor character develeopment system where you can spent points into mental, telekinetic or heat control. After maximizing mental control for example it is possible to let some bystander to attack to the target.So Lucius II is a bugfested sandbox which still is a good game even with its quirks. I hate to see a lot of the potential  gone waste for the broken AI, but it is good to notice that the game was develeoped with a tiny independent company with limited resources.I recommend to give this a try especially if you were fan of the first game. For newcomers I'd rather start with the first game merely for the story, which is pretty good. Or even better - buy the inexpensive bundle."
,Not Recommended,296830,34248870,Posted: 14 August,all,Highlandy,"In comparison to the first game which may not be all that great of a game at least it's better then this. Every way you kill a person is very repetitive, you can poison someones coffee, electrocute them, toss a glass of acid at them or blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up. Which sounds satisfying at first when peforming these said actions. But it gets so tedious and boring with little variety or creative ways to kill people.I mean at least the first game had different ways to kill your family members. From impaling a guy with an icicle, smashing a guys head with a piano to possessing your father and shooting your mom in the face with a nailgun. Even at times, it felt very scarce where I just wind up running in a circle trying to find items to kill people with.  Not only that, I had very limited powers which made things even more frustrating. The powers for the most sound cool to use. Downside to that is you have to unlock these said powers by killing people and it's so scarce to find items to kill people with making you a little conservant of whatever items you can find. I basically winded up posessing people and just made them walk towards electricity or a fire. While it got old fast, it got the job done.The story is pretty much their and there isn't really a whole lot to it. The Detective of the first game the devil picks up tells him to help Lucius cause chaos and anarchy. It tries to tell us he has some sort of bond with the boy but it hardly ever showcases any of that. He's just their to take him to places to well cause chaos and anarchy and serve as the narrator. Oh and not only that you have an evil brother who want's to cause chaos as well and he's the final boss of the game. The final boss is hardly even challenging at all and it winds up in a pretty lame climax to a game.Other compliants I have with the game is the amount of bugs I found with the game. One time a guy winded up being stuck in the air after drinking coffee that I poisoned which happened quite a lot and a portion of the game where I was supposed to solve a certain puzzle but it winded not giving me any progression. To solve this issue, I had to reload a save and then it gave me progress. It was annoying, don't get me started on the A.I. the abnormalities of the games A.I. entertained me because of how unrealistic and buggy it is.I about lost my♥♥♥♥♥♥when I possessed the warden who is TAKING A SHOWER AND COMPLETELY NAKED. I made him walk to a fire with some other dead bodies and people just stood there like nothing abnormal is happening. Imagine sitting on a lunch table chatting with your friend and you see a naked man walking into a kitchen about to set himself on fire and you're ok with it. Better yet, let's allow the son of the devil in a power plant which you expect there to be some sort of stealth section. But nope, the staff treats him like he's not tresspassing at all except when you're in a few rooms that are restricted. Going back to the hospital section, there was another time a guy was panicking for seeing a dead body and he's about to throw up. He heads straight to the boys bathroom. Which you may think sounds normal at first.Turns out in the male bathroom has a dude performing anal sex and he goes inside puking the toliet while clipping through them. He didn't even bother reacting to people having sex in a public place. The games A.I. behaves very poorly whenever you get caught for tresspassing in places you can easily bypass them. I cannot fathom the number of times being caught and still getting away with it. Heck when they're still chasing me I still get away with it. It also makes the stealth aspect of the game very pointless. Sometimes a person would try to perform first aid to bring a guy back to life but it rarely happens. Why would you peform first aid on a burnt body? Is beyond me. Or better yet, aren't you aware of seeing a boy using telekinesis to lift up items? Nope it's totally normal.The game only has 10 levels which is two chapters in game. You can complete the game in about 2 hours or so. If the bugs don't get in the way.To top it all off, I don't recommened this game at all. It's a very boring and repetitive game with basic objectives and loads of problems. I could say to just play the first game, but even then it's not much worth investing into either. But at least you'll get a better experience with that then it's predecessor. Overall, just skip this game and save your money."
,Recommended,296830,19766603,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Viporion,"Where the first game was boring because it kept you on a tight leash, this one makes up for it.Want to poison a person? Sure. Rather use electricity? No problem. Want to drive people insane? Go nuts.A nice story and a lot of fun."
76561197998007321,Not Recommended,296830,33058924,Posted: 30 June,all,Ben,"I dont know what happened. Its crap. Its complete cheap early access feeling crap.Nr 1: Kills are generic, idiotic, cheap and require ZERO skill. You grab a defibrilator, charge it, walk up to a dude staring at you, place defib on him. he dies. You radiate with fire, pick up his keys, unlock door.There. Thats your entire ♥♥♥♥ing game. Is this a ♥♥♥♥ing joke ? Did the devs quit during development? Run out of money? What the ♥♥♥♥... THIS GAME IS 20 BUCKS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!????????? I got it on sale. If I had bought this for 20 I would have freaked the ♥♥♥♥ out.Its so completely generic, LAZY, LACKLUSTER AND WITHOUT ANY DEPTH.Example of main story? Ohhh. I have a good one. Find this nurse that you are being informed of from the get go.You track down nurse, kill ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ guard in way mentioned above.You walk in, grab a pillow. Then walk over to nurse, press E, pillow magically lands over her EAR, NOT face. Ear, because she sleeps on the side. Then it just lays there. 2 seconds later. Nurse dead. TADA. Ragdoll spasms follow.THATS YOUR KILL...  ENJOY. 20 BUCKS PLEASE.I want to slap whoever thought this was a game worth 20 bucks across the ♥♥♥♥ing face. How dare you. This is the LOWEST EFFORT I*VE EVER SEEN IN A GAME that WASN'T on steamgreenlight. RIP greenlight. Burn in ♥♥♥♥ing hell.Something this game deserves to as well. Lucius 1 was amazingly good. Creative, satisfying, felt immersive. This... is so cheap I'm lacking words.If I hold A+W I shift walk at greater speed. What the ♥♥♥♥ is this. Early 2000?If I hold Shift key, I begin sprinting in the AIR, without moving anywhere. This is how cheap the design is..... -_-I can kill people by tossing poisoned SANDWICHES AT THEM. And they just eat it. WHAT....THE ♥♥♥♥?!Or my personal favorite. Walk up to them with a charged defibrilator and place it on his face. GG WP. Its just so... like... I... its funny... it would be funny it it just wasn't so god damn ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ly stupid and cost you 20 bucks.This is a prank game. ♥♥♥♥ing goat simulator levels. Not at all what I expected after playing Lucius 1.Buy the original. Dont buy this garbage. Devs should be ashamed.Final words: Game description: ""Create your truly own unique traps by using a complex combination system and various tools.""Complex? .... left click pill bottle, move cursor to sandwhich, left click sandwhich. Now toss sandwhich at hospital employe idiot.Complex? HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA♥♥♥♥ you. And to anyone who upvotes this crap... Are you ♥♥♥♥ing kidding me? How low are your standards. Especially after playing the 1st.To those that still disagree with this. I'll link these 2 videos showing the difference in kills between the games. Say what you will after that. Lucius 2 is dumbed down garbage.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JHpib6iycI8Lucius 1.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NRkK_b4juIkLucius 2."
,Recommended,296830,26608203,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,yƶy,i killed a naked guy by shooting a dild0 into his anu$
76561198051414347,Not Recommended,296830,14490965,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Wormwood23,"Satan is real, and he is laughing at me for shelling out my heard-earned dollars for this bug-filled, unfinished game. Shameful."
,Not Recommended,296830,28792119,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,fadeaway-,"After playing the first one, i had quite big expectations of this. But the story just doesn't give you the chills like it did in the original. You keep doing the same things over and over again and it becomes boring after some time."
,Not Recommended,296830,24696544,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,GreenTea,"I honestly was looking forward to playing this and despite all the negative reviews I went in on a positive and after an hour I could see just why this game has so many negative reviews.I really did try to give it a chance and I really wanted to like it but I just don't like it.It's not bad, just disappointing it has potential to be great but it isn't and I wish I had the patience to play for longer but it just got boring incredibly fast.ProsNice graphicsRuns smoother then Lucius 1 did (for me any way)The map is a lot better then the first gameConsDoesn't feel like a Lucius gameMana bar is stupid and runs out constantlyToo many items that don't work the way you'd expect them to e.g  flamable liquid on the floor + lighter doesn't workNo tutorial how to use items (poisoned doughnuts and coffee for everyone!)Gets boring real fast"
,Recommended,296830,22099067,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,LeatherDEAD,"Where to start!This game lived up to my hopes for a sequel to the first game.The concept is simple, you are the son of Satan and you must destroy everyone and everything in your path to become the best son.You go from area to area completing specific tasks in order to move farther along in your quest.The only issue I really had with the game is how convoluted it can be, for example, the bible in Ludlow took me awhile to get as I hadn't focused on my fire abilities and had to run around doing meaningless stuff just to acquire keys.Lucius being the silent protagonist is loveable, he's just too cute and innoce... um evil. He does his job and fits the role well.Lucius II let's you explore and I personally love that, it causes you to struggle a little bit, it never hands you a direct solution just hints that guide you along your journey.7.5/10"
,Not Recommended,296830,14486351,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Dr. Zeppelin,"No. Just... no.This game is buggy. No no, BEYOND buggy.I have a small feeling that this game was rushed to be released on Friday the 13th; if this is true, you guys have released one of the most broken games I have ever bought.I love the game itself, murder is quite fun. I hate, however, the game mechanics that break all the damn time. Icon's missing, AI completely disappearing and rendering certain levels to be restarted, etc., etc.Don't buy this. You cannot beat it. I am near the end of the game and you need a shotgun. What shotgun? The one the lady is holding? Ha. no. Oh, and how creative; you have to kill Isaac (Lucius's competition for the throne) with ""salt shells"". What? Where they on crack when they thought that up? Ugh.Also, the optimazition is♥♥♥♥♥♥poor. I can run most games on the highest settings, like KSP and Just Cause 2. With this, however, the framerate is about as unstable as the AI in the mental hospital level. Don't cremate more than 5 bodies. It will either freeze or crash the game.I love the idea, I love the gameplay, but there isn't really a game yet. Please update this, Shiver."
76561197986105706,Not Recommended,296830,31601972,Posted: 7 May,all,El_Shaddai,"I tried this game and found the contols clunky and gameplay awkward. I hoped for a sequel to the original game that had elements in common, only to be greatly disappointed.Lucius 2 feels like a game designed by someone who has been told about what the original game but never actually played it. I was surprisd to see how far removed this game was from the charming puzzle adventure it tried to follow."
76561198019572384,Not Recommended,296830,21609113,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,[DoH]Heartstopper,"It's been a long time since I have been this disappointed in a game sequel.  They took everything that made the first game an atmospheric charming murder simulator, and threw it out the window.  Broken AI, poor optimization...it is just a horrible game."
76561198043698496,Not Recommended,296830,14524802,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Mr. PoopyButthole,"I enjoyed the first, yet flawed, so purchased this with better expectation, only to find Bug simulator 2015.The concept was good, the story held potential, but failed in the end."
,Recommended,296830,19363521,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,EpIkaL,"Ok,let's start.Lucius II:-It's very different than Lucius I-The story is good but not so good like in the first game-This game took me eight hours to finish the story.It's great for a indie game.-After nine months this game have some bug's but is playable.You can finish the game-Graphic,this game look nice.-The crafting it's very awesome in this game and you have so much methods to kill inocent.-After nine months this game it's not so optimized,you will have FPS drop's for 2-4 second when you play.-The final mision and the final cutscene let you think about a new game that will be come  when will.-I recomand this game for people who finished Lucius I and want to continue the story.-But guys don't think this game will be awesome just because it has the numeral 2."
76561198108364542,Recommended,296830,26368215,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,delarge3,I love the Lucius games! They are very dark and very creative.
,Recommended,296830,30801748,Posted: 28 March,all,Pandaww,worth picking up if its on sale
,Recommended,296830,18077271,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Aseptic Void,The murders are very pleasant and rewarding.A blanket of undeniable pleasure.
,Recommended,296830,30581826,Posted: 17 March,all,Chips,Game is quite buggy and glitchy but that makes it more hilarious and fun to play.
76561198021837454,Recommended,296830,24567238,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,[DFS] DumbBeard,"Little kid goes into someone's office? GRAB HIM!Little kid walks around with a loaded nailgun hovering three inches above the palm of his hands? Nobody bats an eye.---Is it a perfect game? No. Nothing is. Even the little companies drop the soap sometimes. God bless 'em they're trying though. They might not have made the most perfect game, I've run into a few bugs and hangups, I won't lie, but the gameplay and unintentional sillyness make up for it.There's so, so many ways to kill everyone in your path (especially if you get to the end and start new game+.) Poison Donuts, poison sandwiches, a loaded wallet in the middle of a pool of electrified water, and more. Come to think of it, if they're so dumb they'll eat a random sandwich off the floor, regardless of how many bottles of viagra or whatever you put into it, you're probably HELPING the human race instead of damning it.If you don't want to rely on human stupidity, you can just cut the♥♥♥♥♥♥and get your tiny hands dirty. Grab a nailgun and start racking up headshots, mind control someone and have them murder people with an axe, whip up a homemade time bomb and set it right beside them on the can (they don't even bat an eye, seriously) have them slip and fall to their certain deaths in an elevator shaft,use a pressure valve and an unspecified marital aidand more. You're only limited by your own imagination!I'd go on about more of the sillyness, but I don't want to spoil everything. Trust me, it's an enjoyable kind of stupid.Buy this game and make Daddy proud!"
,Recommended,296830,27635375,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,manggadurian,"More Improve from Lucius I,Pros :- Skill tree for Lucius Ability- More Improve for control- Tutorial make perfectCons:- We Need to choose what Lucius skill most needed first- Low Cinematic for each Lucius killing people"
,Recommended,296830,18022667,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Xero ☠ Static ☠ FluX™,"Decent game for the price.  Don't expect Gold, but expect an interactive puzzle style game, where you need to figure out the best way to kill those around you to continue progression.  Stealth, observation, and understanding of your characters ability's are the key to success.if it goes on sale definitely grab a copy, if not only grab it at normal price if you really enjoy more thinking style games that are coupled with decent graphics - just not AAA quality.-Xero"
,Not Recommended,296830,14524200,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Pet,"Even the menu looks unfinished, weird interactions with items and illogical as well. Bad animations. At least the first didnt have those kinds of problem.Too linear perhaps. Skill trees could be better and also needs some tweaks as the usage for the skills are so limited due to quick mana drainage. AI is really bad in this game, horrible. Overall, was hoping the game to be much better but turns out was a dissappointment."
,Recommended,296830,33607846,Posted: 17 July,all,Champion Holly,i really like the adveture esq style to the game. it makes it more interesting and you also are not timed so you can do whatever you want. i just wish the story was a bit longer.id give it a 7.5/10
,Not Recommended,296830,26086851,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Devir,I really wouldn't suggest buying this game.Controls are clunkyAI is patheticMethods of killing people don't always work and you have to fall back to the poisoned donut thing.It's just a lame game with a really nice premise.Save your money for more important things.
76561198009345570,Not Recommended,296830,15562060,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Braided Apple Strudel,A big downgrade from the original game.
76561198092563412,Recommended,296830,14452767,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Chillbacca,"Broken, yet fun.  Just like the first game- it's cliche, horribly voice acted and very spazzy; however, somehow I can't stop myself from playing it.  They have made this game far more open so you have options as far as killing people, but consequently, the kills are very... broken.  I don't really know how else to describe it.  Still, I find this game incredibly entertaining and I'd recommend this game to anyone who enjoyed the first game or anyone who enjoys playing games that are a little different.  Overall, I'd rate this game a 7.5 out of 10, not great, but definitely worth a try."
76561198046049207,Not Recommended,296830,14483613,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,mgsphrkkjh,"Too many bugs in this game.Flimpsy doors who wont close, causing you to get discovered when trying to hide in a room.Unable to load certain Saves, setting you back several saves (and hours).Explosive throwable objects doesn't work 90% of the time.NPC's get stuck in panic mode, running around uselessly forever.There are alot of fun ways to execute people, unfortunately most of these ways are way too difficult and flimpsy to do, and you end up just killing everyone with poisoned food, which gets extremely repetitive and boring in the end.The game feels like a beta, and should not have cost that much money."
,Not Recommended,296830,28050395,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,PARALYSIS,"Nothing like the first. Poor game direction, horrible voice acting, unthoughtful controls, typos galore, but there is something that really makes this the worst game i've ever played.The humour in this game is absolutely disgusting. From implying that one of the lead characters is sucking the devil's d!ck in the first hour of the game, from unnecessary gay sex in the hospital, to being able to kill a naked man by projecting a d!ldo in his a55.No, but the immature, disrespectful developers takes it further. They have 2 achievements related to Michael Jackson.  The second making me so disgusted. The first, touch four children and unlock the achievement, 'MJ'. The 2nd, get ran over by a van that Michael Jackson happens to be driving...with 4 NAKED KIDS as passengers. Yes, I was able to clip into the van and see more bullsh!t.This game wasn't made with love, but with a thought for money.Do not get this game. Stick to the first one. It is insulting, it is disgusting and the developers should be ashamed for the vulgar and careless decisions they decided to put into a game that ruined any possiblity of a sequel."
,Not Recommended,296830,24814047,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Siberian Bull,"The first Lucius was definitely better. AI on this game kinda sucks. You do lots of weird♥♥♥♥♥♥near people but it seems like they don't give a ♥♥♥♥ about your plans about killing every single one of them. Optimization is poor and there are lots of unnecessary texts on screen. First game was more minimalistic on that point, which I have really liked. But this game is full of mad bugs and unsatisfying storyline. It seems there will be another Lucius game, I hope it won't be a failure like Lucius II and it will be a nice game like the first Lucius."
,Not Recommended,296830,31911409,Posted: 22 May,all,Ethiopian Opium Dealer,"Very fun game, but It is so buggy and unrealistic at Times. Like how tf is no one going to react to a boy levelling up while on fire? Or if someone saw a dead body, would you not just call the other floors or Security? Half of the kills are free (but some are fun tbh) My main problem with the game is how ♥♥♥♥ing buggy it is. Between people walking through doors or other people and and missing half of the easy kills due to the game's mechanics, I'm not sure weither I got autism or down syndrome. Other problems: people getting scared when you throw a can of beans on the ground.Getting spotted and caught in a safe zoneRandom text boxes of NothingSome animations that looked like they only bought half of the animation softwareHow creepy and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Lucius' dad isAnd yeah. 6.2596/10 could have been quite a bit betterOnly get if it's on sale or at Ur own risk (I got the bundle for $5CDN and once again due to Bugs, I couldn't complete more than an hour of the first Lucius)Nathaniel"
76561198088979908,Not Recommended,296830,29287975,Posted: 15 January,all,Sugarfruit33,"Evem though I really loved Lucius, its sequel does not live up to the first one. The story is very uninteresting, the gameplay is boring and confusing. And the kills are very basic and anticlimactic. If you liked the first one, don't come running to this one expecting a lot."
,Recommended,296830,21384524,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,MothMan,If you don't mind slightly unpolished games that are a bit (very) buggy in places then there is a huge amount of fun to be had here. Reminds me of the classic hitman games except you are the son of Satan and you have to make everyone's death look like an accident. If you can get it or the 1st one on sale grab it.
,Recommended,296830,28200185,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,ozzyoscy,"I've learned reviews aren't always accurate.Reviews here made it sound like this is just a mindless sandbox where you're put in a town and just kill everyone, and that the only way to really kill people is with poisoned doughnuts. I've discovered this is inaccurate.It's the same game as Lucius 1 with a bit more freedom, which has its pros and cons. The first game gave you the whole mansion to explore, and on each level you had to kill a certain person a certain way. Now you're put in certain areas, still have certain objectives or have to kill certain people, but are free to kill everyone else in the area too and in any way you wish.There are numerous creative ways to kill people, with some set up for you to figure out the chain of events that could lead to a glorious/hilarious multi-kill. Poisoned doughnuts are just the last resort if you can't see or think of any other good way. I haven't encountered another game yet that lets you kill someone via forced anal entry with a certain sex toy shot from a pressure valve.The people are stupid, but that's part of the appeal. The game is intentional-unintentional ludicrous dark comedy. It's supposed be fun, and it would be a bad game and unfitting if you had to hardcore stealth through the whole thing like Splinter Cell or Metal Gear. Who stealths riding a tricycle and blowing someone's head clean off with a flying gas canister, I mean really?It can be a bit rough around the edges, a bit buggy every now and then, they need to work on that for the possible sequel. But I found myself spending ages in the first few levels just discovering all the crazy ways to murder people, and the game ended before it really got repetitive. No regrets."
76561197962301472,Not Recommended,296830,24307305,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,[WB] MR PANTS,"So ... I had mixed feeling on Lucius I.  To the degree that I didn't feel like I could review it; I didn't have a clear yes/no answer and I honestly didn't think I could rate it.  Monotonous gameplay, and the last murder is so obnoxious to deal with that I gave up and watched the ending on You Tube.  But did I have fun?  Yeah.  Did I like it?  Yeah.Anyway ... Lucius II is nothing like Lucius I.  The only similarity is you're a kid with demonic powers and I guess it continues the story with a very thin premise that I won't go into because it spoils Lucius I.The throwing mechanic made me want to throw my laptop.  Seriously, when it took me like 15 tries to throw a can of food onto a button in the tutorial, I knew I was in for it.  They made it very clear that this mechanic was going to be used everywhere, and they also established that I would hate it.  I did get a little better at it through the game, but its frustrating and clunky.All the controls are frustrating and clunky.  Lucius I was pretty streamlined.  Lucius II could have used the exact same control interface -- perhaps with a minor modification for the throwing mechanic -- but it's more complex with no descernable reason to it.Playing the first level, it was reasonably fun ... now all the sudden it's about body count rather than finesse.  Whatever -- there's a lot of creative ways to kill folks and it's not quite as on-rails as Lucius I.  I liked that.The second level, though?  Ugh.  I got a cart stuck to me and I couldn't let go of it no matter what I did.  All the hospital staff were panicing and upset, but ... it didn't seem to matter.  Nobody stopped me or did anything other than run and cower, even when one witnessed me murder someone.  I didn't get it.  Eventually I just got bored and sick of being stuck to a cart, and I quit and uninstalled.  Just nothing really worth the effort here.Just a lame shadow of a good idea. :P  Sorry guys ... if Lucius III ever comes out, well, I'd be tempted to buy it.  But only on sale.  I'd recommend skipping this one, and maybe going to buy Lucius I when it's on sale."
,Not Recommended,296830,18788219,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,cellegift,"How can a sequel be this much worse than its predecessor? The game starts with a horrible and poorly made tutorial, then instead of some neat video sequences like the first game had, I had to suffer through some drawings with sound effects (the lazy mans video sequence, I suppose) and a not well thought-out plot being explained to me.When I try to kill my first victim I have already realized that I have made a bad purchase as the game bugs itself and the victim start getting movement spasms instead of walking to its intended locations (what's up with the AI?!). I struggle in this area for a while, getting quite angry with the ONE looping sound effect from a madman in the background. He has one sound effect, and it literally plays about every twelth second!!!!I can't use poison on the victim as the pills I had disappeared into the wall after I tried throwing them at an interactable ceiling hatch. Thankfully there are other, less buggy (but still buggy) ways to kill this victim, but at this point I just wish I could get my money back and never see this game again. I'm very sad to give this game a bad review as I really loved playing Lucius 1. I don't know what went wrong with this one, but I feel tricked. Obviously I should have watched a playthrough or a review on YouTube before wasting my money...Lucius 1 was an incredible game, but I think they had a lower budget on its sequel, because the gameplay, sound effects and pretty much everything is a whole lot worse than it ever was. Or is this still in beta and I just didn't read the fine print?EDIT:I have to add to my review, because I was naive enough to give the game a second chance. Unfortunately that only served to remind me of how horrible this game actually is. I honestly believe the developers spent about one month to make some beta (or worse) version of the game, then just gave up, but released it anyway. It's riddled with bugs and glitches, and even though I loved Lucius 1, playing this sequel makes me suspect that maybe a completely different person made it. Or maybe a monkey did the programming. That would explain a lot... Honestly: NEVER buy this game. If you read this, go on YouTube and see just how terrible the gameplay is. Everything from the camera angle to the AWFUL gravity engine (or lack of one) and the buggy characters and completely depressing AI, annoyingly looping sounds without variation and a completely different gameplay from the original should be enough reasons to avoid this game like the plague.I really wanted to like this game. I really did... But nope. This is the worst game I've played in years and it makes me angry to see it on my desktop.Developers: Shame on you. You could have done so much better!"
,Not Recommended,296830,21308692,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,BB2,"I was very dissapointed with this game, after playing the first game last week I was so excited when two was on sale. But the controls for this game make me want to die; they are so bad!! Who put shiver games in charge of this game? I mean really... but, the graphics and cutscenes are really good; I might end up watching a lets play of this :/"
,Not Recommended,296830,14524813,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,I Am Classical,"Okay, the game is great. I really enjoyed it. Sadly, it has many bugs and things get repetitive. It also has poor logic as most NPCs are brain-dead. I liked the open-ness of the game. The end is sort of a bummer and disappointed me. I am not saying the game is bad. In its current state, bug ridden, the game is not so great. If you want this game, you should wait until some of the major bugs are fixed."
76561198130776450,Not Recommended,296830,30010122,Posted: 18 February,all,Ivelios,"Lucius I was a very nice game, but that isn't the case with Lucius II.  It's not the same game style, a puzzle-adventure,  but more of some sort of action - puzzle adventure that wouldn't be so bad if not for the almost endless bugs.If you want, stay with the first game, but stay away from this one.  You were warned, this game is a clear example of how some companies release games without careful and proper testing."
76561198045835548,Recommended,296830,26713958,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Doctor Argon,"Apparently being born on a certain day on a certain year gives you otherwordly satanic powers. Overall, it's a bizzare violent religious puzzle/stealth game that needs a lot of polish, but it honestly would have fit right in in the PS2 era.6.66/10"
76561198033659337,Recommended,296830,30259826,Posted: 1 March,all,Perturbed Luigi,"Lucius II has done for the original what Saint's Row 2 did for Grand Theft Auto 4. don't go into this expecting a slow, moody tie into a popular film, it in fact, plays more like Hitman, but your goal is to actully kill everyone, rather than sneak about and silently assasinate one or 2 targets. If you're in the mood for some silly, nonesense killing fun time, give this game a try."
,Recommended,296830,27880060,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,suzane mcswaney,10/10 i love my son
76561198164792250,Not Recommended,296830,27817308,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Xelvie,Not as good as the first one.
76561198187894099,Recommended,296830,32854624,Posted: 27 June,all,.BurningLiquid.-Ev1Lo,It's a great killing game. It's dark and you can kill your enemys in many different ways. It's great if you love short and fun gameplay.9/10
76561198007217051,Recommended,296830,14503724,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Sabretooth,"wow.....major improvement from the first game and to be honest, i recommend giving the first one a try, i powered through it in order to try this one and am seriously glad i did go back and play the first. i am honestly glad i got this and i reckon if u want a game where for a lack of a better word be almer from fear games then this myu friends is for u!"
,Not Recommended,296830,28396422,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,fallenone121,Compared to the previous game...this game was honestly a bit of a disappointment...The controls - the random red lines in the midst of nothingness for no percievable reason...Glitching through walls...Controls that randomly freeze...Use the 'control item' ability to try to maneuver something you feel the need to move like a cross...and...it sticks...Or you go to hide a body and it slams it into a wall not bringing it in the room you enter...XCOM has 'pick up people' code in that works...Lucius II is lucky to know its a game.I think I will go back to playing Lucius I because Lucius II is a letdown.Grand idea with horrifying execution.
,Recommended,296830,35083173,Posted: 20 September,all,M e l l o w,*Plays The Game**Saw A Locked Washroom**Found The Key And Opened The Door**Saw Something Closed The Game* 10/10
76561197967163358,Recommended,296830,14492488,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,jjbern000,"Do you miss the old Hitman games before absolution left a wierd taste in your mouth?  Do you enjoy inside jokes and old horrors movies? Do you enjoy ambition with a few faults and cracks?  Well my steam friends we have a game for you.  Its a game that will make you laugh, mostly you'll fall back on poison dounts for the less creative kills.  Its a game that costs less then getting a pizza or some fast foods.  Take screenshots of 2 men in a bathroom because thats whats seems to be pretty popular."
,Recommended,296830,14699539,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Snort Cannon,"READ THE FULL REVIEW FIRST BEFORE DOWN VOTING Lucius 2 is the sequel to the indie horror game released in 2012 where you play as the son of the devil Lucius. But will you want to play this game or go back to the first one ? In Lucius 2 we play as Lucius. This game takes place after the events of the first game. After the destruction that Lucius caused he got sent to a Mental Hospital to be tested but after a mistake some of the workers make Lucius is able to escape and wreak havoc. Lucius finds out that he has a brother and he needs to beat him to win over his father. So how is this game ? The game is a really good game but theres a ton of stuff wrong with this game. First of all this game is entirely diffrent then the first game. Unlike the first game where you didnt have control on who to kill or how to kill them you are now given free control on who to kill and any way you want to. You have all the objectives availble at the start of the level and you can get them in any order you like. The game's story is very interesting and in my oppinion is way better than the first game and its way more fun than the first game cause the killing system works way better in 2 than in 1 but this is where the problems start to pour down. The game is riddled with bugs and sometimes it can be game breaking. People clip through walls, Items phase through walls, the map sometimes doenst show doors and it can be complicated and without spoilers. The final level is complete BS and to figure out what you need to do could be really annoying. Overall Lucius 2 is a good game and without a doubt i would reccomend getting at some point or just wait for a patch because this game is way better than the first. I bought the game yesterday and had trouble finishing a level because of the bugs. When i closed the game i found that there was a patch that fixed the problem. If you were a fan of the first game defiently thing about getting this game. I give Lucius 2 a 7/10"
76561198065352146,Recommended,296830,27851809,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,firedfreeze,"story is short , but still worth to play"
,Not Recommended,296830,21901381,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,ΤΣΠΠΘ,"To improve upon the original Lucius wouldn't have been a daunting nor difficult task, there were plenty of design mistakes that plagued the debut effort. Apart from being less linear and providing more variety and tools for dispatching victims, Lucius II is everything a sequel shouldn't be. Filled to the brim with bugs and glitches that constantly drag down gameplay, the AI is beyond a joke and incredibly easy to exploit, the only challenge comes from the infuriating, broken mechanics. The arid story takes you through a range of mundane and characterless locations, it also features the most nonthreatening devil in video game history.Slaughtering the developers with a nail gun was quite cathartic, and very telling, this feels like a product of self-loathing.3/10"
76561198134235401,Not Recommended,296830,19919565,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Ant,"I never was able to play it, it wont let me play it on window 8, updating to window 10, if it dosnt work, may i have a refund"
,Not Recommended,296830,18557285,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Dumle,"I enjoyed the first game for what it was. This seems to be trying to take the whole thing into a more sandboxey way which might have been really fun if the game actually worked as it should. The UI is terrible and the performance is awful but that is the least of this games problems.There are bugs everywhere. Characters going through walls, getting stuck in doorways and etc etc. I lost all interest in the game when the guy who had the key i needed got stuck inside a toilet and somehow managed to block the door. It feels unfinished and i can't recommend it.The actual content in the game could have been fun. The story is chessy but it could have been enjoyable. I am not convinced of the new sandbox style gameplay. The AI behaves oddly and there have not been many interesting ways to manipulate the environment so far. Perhaps there will be more interesting ones later on but so far it has mostly been poisoned food, water/electricity and some fire stuff."
,Not Recommended,296830,16869864,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Jdiezel,"Quite disappointing to say the least. Horrible mechanics. Overly difficult to get anything done. NPC AI is severely lacking. I do like the new skill tree and the updated graphics from the first installment, but these achievements are completely overshadowed by the game's shortcomings."
,Not Recommended,296830,18333415,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,QueenSasha24,"This game is frustrating and buggy as ♥♥♥♥, the possession mechanics just do NOT work (why the ♥♥♥♥ can someone not unlock the door they have a key for?), it's way too short (literally half of the game takes place in the same nearly identical floors of a hospital), there's really no reason to replay it.There's also no guns in this game for some reason despite it taking place in the rural US, except for a nailgunt, and a sawn-off shotgun you use for one frustrating unfun boss battle at the end. Even the goddamn National Guardsmen at the end don't have guns, which makes no ♥♥♥♥ing sense. I get that the game isn't supposed to be a shooter but I hate when a game defies logic so hard to justify you not being able to just shoot everyone. Also Lucius can't pick up a fireaxe because it's ""too heavy"" despite him lifting things with GODDAMN TELEKINESIS.I have no idea why this game has a New Game+ mode, all you can do is carry over a couple of the items from the final battle which are uterrly useless in pretty much every other situation.Literally the only positive thing in this game is that Cr!tikal voiced a character, but he's in a building that's on fire so you hardly get to hear him.Would not recommend :/"
76561198180213031,Not Recommended,296830,19788227,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,ρ૨iท૮૯ઽઽ Ǝ√ѳℓ,"Lucius was so much better... Controls are different, confusing instructions, what is M2?? I can't even get past the tutorial. Waste of money."
76561198042135342,Not Recommended,296830,16488315,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Raventurock,"In all honesty I want to like this game, I really do.But this game has a LOT of issues; 1. My computer was brand new and saw Lucius II was available and purchased it, when I was going through the tutorial I noticed that I was having serious framerate drops. Thinking that ""it's probably because this map has a lot of detail textures for the fire and the rocks."" But issues still presisted even after the turorial level.2. The A.I.would glitch out on more than one ocasion. I could kill a doctor in a room across the map, within no one's line of sight, and still get caught by a doctor, nurse, or patient from across the map.3. I'm not to sure about this one in particular, but in the level where you have to suffocate Lucius' dad, you have to acquire the file before you can get to him, which happens to be in a room occupied by tree doctors and one that walks in every so often; one option to kill them is with the sprinkler system and applying acid to the water line. Once I had applied the acid, it would then say to activate the sprinkler system...is there a switch somewhere or do you need a lighter? It's too vague really, and if you happen  to need a lighter, none spawn on the map, but you can get one from the previous levels...at the penalty of sacraficing your save.4. When opening a save file, some of the NPC's would glitch and react to me as if I had killed someone within their line of sight.A word to the wise, if you're thinking about buying this game DO NOT DO IT. You are wasting your money, your time, and your patience with this haphazard of a game. If the dev's don't fix the bugs that plague this game, this game will leave a bad mark on their credibility as a game developer."
76561198121943816,Not Recommended,296830,20340349,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Vanilla,i did not like this game my self but every onje has there own apenuone or if that is even spell it but if you played this game and not the first game then i thing you should just go play the first game because that game is way beater that lucius 2 this game had some bad grafics even with them turned all the was up still bad and i ran into 100 bugs like i keep gliching into wall and stuff so if you are thinking of buying this game and do not have the first one is your steam library i think you should just go get that one and see how you like it than buy this one and hate it like me 6/10
76561198019923479,Not Recommended,296830,17553274,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,NoldoCelu,"SPOILER ALLERT!I tried to like this game, but after roaming around without really knowing what i'm supposed to do, just killing brainless idiots with gas-tanks, I gave up. he moves and stands like the bicentennial man, he can't hold items with his hands and despite using telekinesis for everything he's still to weak to hold an axe.The intro shows the detective from the first game taking the 7 year old boy and put him in a straight-jacket because his father is insane, and is then visited by the gay devil from south park who tells him he's doing gods work which apperently gave the detective a sudden urge to give the devil a bj. then comes the turtorial where your in hell, (despite that the devil has abandoned the kid) where you learn to throw stuff and to use things by throwing stuff at them.Finally, the insane people are the smartest. because when a little boy throws a pack of doughnuts with pills in them they don't just eat them, or if he throws a wallet into a room filled with dead people and water on the floor with a defibrillator hooked up, they don't just go into the room like nothing's wrong just to get shocked (they're too busy dancing around and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in plants despite the gown not being openable).It's rather poor with mechanics one could expect from a indie early access game.Or if it were a low budget game 15 years ago."
76561198030681948,Not Recommended,296830,18107048,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,david3907,A disappointing game the original Lucius was a good puzzle solver this version is just irritating. The scoring system makes no sense and in the end it came down to reactions and not brains as to whether you solve the game. A winning formula ruined.
,Not Recommended,296830,19804755,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Soulbrandt,"Boring. The first 1 hour or so was quite fun, but then you realise the game is really dull, boring and buggy. If you actually value your spare time, you should find something else to spend it on. It's fun to kill in different ways the first time, but it will get old soon. You constantly have to find things to kill people with because Lucius is a useless ""Devils Son"" who cannot find a knife or use his telekinetic powers better. The AI is ridiculously bad.Not recommended."
,Not Recommended,296830,16657280,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,ScorpioHD,"Definitely a dissapointing sequel...This game has a lot more I don't know, puzzles and boring parts? I found the first game to be more interesting, and I definitely don't think this game is worth 20 Euros. It's straight up boring I'm sorry to say, but maybe it's just me.The art is nice and all, but I find the story to be rather boring.4/10."
,Recommended,296830,24233428,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Martin,"I do not understand, why there are so many negative reviews.Lucius 1 was great, but Lucius 2 is also good.In Lucius 2 there are much more ways to kill any person and mostly you can even find location specific way to kill...And not just using doughnuts with ""pills"".And some traps were even funny (WC, in a shower...)"
,Recommended,296830,30906946,Posted: 2 April,all,Kazyclay,"I got this game for a couple of Canadian bucks. Was pretty fun, kinda Easy. I see many reviews  of people complaining that there aren't creative ways to get the kills; I'd have to disagree. It could be that they suck at it. You have to set traps then lure people to where you want them. NPCs don't have predefined patrol routes as long as they arnt freaked out. There are traps already set up sometimes ya. but you're not going to have enough pills and dougnuts for everyone and if you want to get kill combos and get a high score then you have to be creative sometimes; take a couple of jugs of flammable liquid lay a trail under everyone's feet in the lobby; turn on defibrillator; 4x kill combo =] It's a game not a movie if you want to get everyone then you have to conserve some of your killing tools for the right time.On the issue of buggy controls and bugs:I had no issue getting though the game first try didn't need to restart and honestly only seen a few minor bugs-The dude on the 'recieveing' end in the bathroom wouldn't die even though i flooded the whole thing and electrified it.-Aiming the launching gas cannisters is tricky-If the end boss knocks ya down when he's low health you're pretty much screwed.-It is a bit annoying to have to combine the ammo with the shotgun in the inventory-The NPC bodies are feather weights and flail 5 feet away when an 8 yr kid steps past them.In the end that was 8 hours of entertainment for $2.17 and had i spent 20 bucks on it i'd still be pleased I had not played a game like this before; it is unique.Did I mention it's the price of a friggen coffee right now; Get it."
,Recommended,296830,29520520,Posted: 27 January,all,Luxurychoccie,"From reading the reviews of others- it is plain to see that Lucius II is one of those games you either love or hate. I personally really enjoyed the game- and contrasting other people's views, I found it much better than the original game in terms of gameplay.The storyline was quite different, and although I completed the game after 8.5 hours it still felt... Kinda short? Maybe on account of half of that being roaming around in a hospital.My main bonus points in this game goes to the freedom you have that you just didn't get in the first game. You can kill people in so many different ways, when and where you want to. I didn't have to reference a walkthrough for this game whereas the first one I was practically glued to guides.I will also point out that I bought this game in the Christmas sale, so instead of paying £19 for both games I got them for maybe £3 ish together? I would rate this game alone to be worth maybe £7-8, so bear that in mind before buying and hang on for a sale of some sort :)"
,Recommended,296830,14537170,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,SkiesBleedAshes,Mixed feelings on this one. I feel like they screwed up the open-world part of this.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=392743892
,Not Recommended,296830,31026290,Posted: 8 April,all,Wackaloon,"First game was really cool. This, I dont know, kinda feel that this all is very glitchy, stupid AI, same ways to kill, this game has no soul. Yeah its interesting, yeah its kinda fun to kill in several ways, but after 10th killing with the same method its just boring. Played just first 2 levels, didnt get such feeling as from first game. Bought it with 90% sale, after all I dont think I waste my money. But I not recommend buying it for its full price."
,Recommended,296830,34296408,Posted: 16 August,all,Zabuza,Hail Lucifer.
,Not Recommended,296830,30738745,Posted: 25 March,all,NyxxofStars,"1/5, would not recommend this. I loved the first Lucius, despite all of the bugs and somewhat unclear instructions and guides. However, where the second fixed bug-wise it also muddied up the game plot worse and didn't have any of the charm I loved in the 1st game."
76561198055071934,Recommended,296830,14964713,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,kiliger,*SPOILERS* LUCIUS 2 is an awesome game its not like the first one because it has a different style . the  problem which we can all agree on is that it is way too short . the other one is that the story made no sense at all I mean where did the brother come from whats his story why is lucifer only helping him even though lucius got his powers back and of course the ending was also disappointing . now the reason why people should get this game is because not everything is scripted like it was in the first game  also because now you can unleash your creativity on killing people which was just amazing .killing people in lucius is always awesome and hilarious at the same time i mean the oven from the first game come on that was awesome . next is the powers that you get i thought there could be a little more power that you can get but hey  they are good ones that you can have and they fit well with the game . what i found the best about the game is the way you can control people and make them kill other people that was an awesome touch they did. i recommend this game not because of  the story which was sadly the worst part of the game (not even the bugs) the reason i recommend the game is because the way they supported creativity in the game and that was the best part . this game was alot of fun to play
76561198088188117,Not Recommended,296830,20442133,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Lone Shadow,"I bought this game in the hope that it actually was an improvement on the original.  How wrong I could be.The graphics look like they came from the 90's or early 2000.The sound is all over the place.The npc AI is beyond dumb.The controls are clunky, slow and barely useable.  Its near impossible to aim at anything or point accurately at anything.Unlike the first game there is limited useable variation in disposing of people. Most deaths are part of preprogrammed routines, where in the first game you could often chose from numerous methods.Got nearly to the end then gave up on the useless controls...Waste of time and money."
,Recommended,296830,34402089,Posted: 21 August,all,Andi,"Lucius II picks up where the first one left off.  Continuing the story of a demonic child who's lot in life is to bring about the end of the world, but there's a rival who's attempting to beat you to the punch, and when you see who it is, you'll laugh... I did.Pros:Great conceptOutstanding story-lineGood graphicsStealth game (if you like that sort of game)Multiple ways to kill your victimsBetter optimized that the first oneMore levels and varied mapsCons:AI is somewhat stupidFairly easy (until you get to the end)Sex and nudity for no reason at allThis game is better optimized than it's predecessor and best of all, there's many ways to dispatch your potential target.  Unlike the first one, you don't have to kill everyone but it will make you more powerful which comes in handy in later levels.  Some of the ways in which you can kill people is quite ingenious, mostly in the hospital (hint: read the medical orders for the patients).Other than the fact that this game if pretty to easy to beat (save for the ending), the AI is stupid at hell.  You and kill someone in sight of everyone in that area, run to a different part of the map, return later, and everyone as forgotten all about it.  It's hard to lose.On an amusing side note, there was a couple of guys having sex in a bathroom in the hospital.  No matter what you do, you can not be noticed by them.  Apparently they are so engrossed in the moment, you can kill one of them and the other one will keep going... no kidding.At the time of this review, Lucius II was selling for $19.99.  Well worth it in my opinion.  It's a unique story with multiple ways to kill your victims, much better than the original."
,Not Recommended,296830,14563663,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Influenza,"If you want a good, polished experience, I suggest you look elsewhere.  If you want something that is going to make you laugh (eiher from some of the sadistic kills or the general bugginess of the whole thing), Lucius 2 may be the game for you.  I would probably recommend this game if it was on sale for like 5 bucks, but kinda disappointed that I paid full price."
,Not Recommended,296830,32037526,Posted: 29 May,all,Skam,terribly optimized.
76561198135068854,Recommended,296830,15543649,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Willcraft,"I honestly enjoy it more than the original Lucius. Sure the voice acting isn't as good, sure there are bugs, but the good stuff is just so good.While the cutscenes in the first game are satisfying, getting to plan your own murders is a ton of fun. It also gives the game more replay value than its predecessor, since in that one it kind of loses its touch once you know how to beat every stage. I also adore the new skill tree system and the abilities to choose from. Especially since it doesn't force you to specialize yourself; as long as you kill enough people in every stage, you can probably max out the skill tree. And still, it sure is fun to play through the game with different play styles. Wanna start off as a mind controlling puppetmaster? Do that! Wanna become a master of telekinesis and toss people around? Do that! Wanna watch stuff burn? Do that!Even though the game still steers your actions through the objectives, it still allows great freedom. Personally I'd love to see some kind of sandbox mode where you can choose between different locations to wreak havoc upon. The graphics have improved as well, so now I can finally look at Lucius's face without wanting to return to staring at the back of his head. The climax was also more impressive this time. It didn't just make you feel like an epic badass, it made you feel like an epic badass fighting a stronger epic badass. And that was fun.Which leads me to one of my few complaints (spoiler alert): I'm not a fan of Isaac. Mostly because of his voice. A character like him who appears to be obsessed with the prophecy and talks the way he does should have a psychotic kid voice to go with that. But instead he was given a really ordinary low-pitched evil voice. Same with the devil. What was wrong with his old voice? I really liked that one.But overall it's a really fun game, expecially if you like to get creative and watch people die. Don't expect to get ""Lucius, but even more"" because you won't. This game is very different from the previous one, and to me in a good way.I really, really hope they make a third game. And if that isn't enough to finish the storyline, a fourth. And a fifth. And a sixth. And as many as the developers deem neccessary. If they keep this up, I promise I will continue playing them."
,Recommended,296830,14451505,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,deathdogdinosaur,"walked in homosexual-relation-time in a hospital bathroom, then they both died on their own, of natural causes while i walked away, and then the game called me 'satan'"
,Recommended,296830,15183496,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Fion,It was a lot better then the first game because you can now actually choose how everyone dies. I found it interesting and sometimes shocking of how I killed some people. And laughed how they died and then felt bad afterwards.. Like the two men in the bathroom... I threw an explosive in and closed the door and they died horribly! Muahahaha!!!Be Lucius from the first game on his path to proving to his father that hes the son thats going to be the antichrist that brings the end of the world as we know it.
,Recommended,296830,14606991,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,•SADBOY•,"This was an amazing follow up to the first one. I really loved how the story is turning out (hoping there will be a 3rd), It went by alot quicker though. The deaths and controls were a bit more intricate, but just as amusing. I didnt notice a upgrade to the AI and clipping through the walls, So thats kinda a bummer. But so happy that if you were 'detected' the game isnt over.I really ended up rooting for lucius to win over the kindness of his father.~I dont understand all the hate towards this game. Its fun and worth buying."
,Recommended,296830,14457970,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Day Man Fighter of the Night Man,"Thank you Baby Satan!!!!I woke up this monring to find one of my Fav games has come out with a sequel to the murderous rampage of a little boy and his ""Obi-Wan Kenobi"" Satan.This one is a little different from the first in a sense its not as linear when it comes to the people you kill This is a MURDER SANDBOX, you are placed on the 5th floor of a mental hospital, where you must find your way out. other then that your free to kill who ever you want, how ever you please with tons of enviromental risks, objects, and skills (3 Skill tree's you can lvl up).The graphics, along with the game play and game engine have had a nice upgrade from the first version, which is nice too see. (you dont see that much with games any more for some reason?) The sound track does lack to the point of turning the music off.*Edit I have got to the third lvl and it is a little buggy the game does need some updates too Smooth it out a litle.8/10!"
76561198171371666,Not Recommended,296830,17679438,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Cosmarul,"Broken gameplay, cheesy themes and a generally underdeveloped game. A huge disappointment compared to its forerunner. Shame on such a promising series..."
76561198125949080,Recommended,296830,31893561,Posted: 21 May,all,m0ckle,murdering everybody = :)
,Recommended,296830,30425808,Posted: 10 March,all,Heyyeyaaeyaaa!,Son Of B*tch
,Recommended,296830,24217336,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Nora's Company,Lucius I is better but It's good game too. ;)
,Not Recommended,296830,17727931,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Zetts,Completed the game.The game is broken.Will not touch again.
76561198197123261,Recommended,296830,17788886,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,agapewirejewelry,"Well I am 9 hours into the game and I think its very unique.  Some of the controls are a bit frustrating, like when you are dragging carts and trying to aim them with tanks on them at people.  other than the control issues, its a pretty fun game.  it started out kinda slow but has progressed and increased in difficulty.  the cutscenes are studdering significantly and are annoying, but i can get easily past that.  I recommend trying this game as it is different and fun, but i would get it on sale."
76561198041325415,Not Recommended,296830,18619572,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,stevegit,"The game is buggy as all hell.  While you are supposed to kill people in the game, the game is making me want to kill people.  And I haven't even got out of the tutorial area.Game Controller support is a joke.  No way to invert the look, making me crazy as is, but not able to make various interactiosn correctly?Can't fill the water bucket, following the instructions it just does nothing.  Maybe it is a controller issue, maybe just a bugy game.I stopped the first one thinking this would be better, glad I bought them as a bundle, that much more wasted money."
,Not Recommended,296830,20153247,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Mac Maverick,This game served as a great tutorial on how to use Steam refunds.
,Not Recommended,296830,18877214,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,ObiTobi,"I do enjoy the Lucius series, but I've only been able to play Lucius 2 once. After exiting the game and coming back later it refuses to run. Research proves that a great many of people are having a similar issue; thus the game is kinda broken. I'll provide a different review once the issue is resolved."
,Recommended,296830,16003739,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Travingel,"when its on steam sale id say buy it, its not worth the 20€"
,Not Recommended,296830,18900700,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,C@$H--[1138],"Could have been have great game, but sadly the only thing about this that is not completly broken is the story, I like how they ties in teh children of the corn stuff but it was still a little cheesy for the way the first game was going. This sequel seems more of a joke than the first game so if you are goign to buy ones of these games please do yourself a favor and just buy the original."
,Recommended,296830,14535927,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,superzombiekiller11,I love the series i love this game you are satans son whats better than being satans sonI RATE 10\10
,Recommended,296830,14628644,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Kyrla,"Satanic Murder Spree Bloodbath!! Ni! Ni! Kni! ^_^First of all,  I would like to mention that I don't really do this kind of thing (Just ask youtube: No likes, Subs or Comments) maybe in the future I will, but for now I just don't for some reason, but for this I felt I should put my two cents into the mix here because I love this game and the first one. It does need some work (Devs are on it), but is still a really fun game.As you can see, I recommend this game so it is safe to say I had fun playing it (I am playing it again in fact). I got this the moment it came out because I just loved the first game. Yes, the first game was rough around the edges, but I had a blast playing it and I love our a little Lucius (His expression never changes and he doesn't speak which I loved about him and there are little things in both games that brought me closer to the cute little guy, I just wanna huggle that cute evil little devil child!)and I got protective when this wannabe Isaac shows up in the second game...stupid...got nothing on Lucius...reckless unfocused jerk...Needles in ears! *Shakes fist*, but the second does need a little more work put into to. I can only imagine the devs may have rushed a bit to get it out on Friday the 13th so I am forgiving of this as long as they patch it up which they have been working on so far.GameplayIt is alot fun and I had a blast running a nice little blood bath all the way though. Figureing out the many ways to kill was a joy for me and it was rewarding to see them though, had soooo much fun being evil! There are bugs in the system right now though, I would like to see a smarter and less buggy AI. Maybe some extra choices, like certain items you can choose to either hold or levitate, I see the need to levitate a few items, but not every item needs it,so having a choice with those certain items would be nice (A choice because levitating items just looks neat).  The health system needs a reamp too, I didn't even know how to heal and now that I do...yea...there's gotta be a better way, Kniiii ^^;;As fun as it is to kill people in these many ways, I would like to see it being a little more cinamatic with some of the kills and other in game scenes while we are at itLike when it comes to your father, I would imagine him waking up unable to move just in time to see Lucius walk in to finish him off, it just really makes the moment for me. I would like it be played out in game with some cinamatics too...It really does make it soooo much more delicious to say the leastLets talk ragdolls, yea...ragdolls...come on devs people have a little more weight to them even when dead or captured...The voices can be a bit too low sometimes ^^Animation needs a little work ^^Ludlow needs a litle work, it is just a row of store front for the most part...doesn't really feel like a town ^^After getting so protective of Lucius and wanting to destroy Isaac, I would like to see a little more cinamtic and epic final boss fight/death of that wannabe ^_^ Please...I really wanna make him pay for even thinking he could compare to LuciusThere are a few other bugs here and there, but for the most part I had alot of fun and will be playing this game over and over again for some time to come ^_^ Also to note, seeing my favorite toys come back (My ball and Tricycle) is awesome! I loved riding around on my little triky again! The ball came in handle for breaking things ^_~ Plus it is just cute having little Lucius with his beachball and Tricycle....Sooooo cuuute! ^_^Would love to see a New Game Plus with all the skills unlocked and whatnot ^_^ Come on devs....please! New Game Plus please!! NEW GAME PLUS!!! I want a New Game Plus!! And maybe some New Game Plus only kill methods? Come on, NEW GAME PLUS!! After you patch up the game of course, but still...New Game Plus...StoryIt could use some amping up a bit and made a little more solid, but for the most part I did enjoy it and the characters. I love Lucius as stated above, he really makes this game for me in alot of ways, he is as cute and evil as ever ^_^And no wannabe like that Isaac kid could ever have anything on my little Lucius....I got sooo protectiveAt first I didn't really like the new style for the cut scenes and missed the ones from the first one, but they did really grow on me and they really do look neat ^_^ But it almost seems like they abandoned the in game scenes for the most part and I think the some kills (not all by a long shot) and the few in game scenes needs a little more love...and maybe a few more of them ^_~OverallI really enjoyed the game and I am even replaying it! ^_^ The save system seems to be fixed for the most part so I really feel I can recommand this game! The Devs are working on the bugs and whatnot so I can forgive the rough start it had, even more so considering that they may have just rushed a bit to make a Friday the 13th release and I can understand that just as long as they fix it up, which they have been working on so far. Also, please add a New Game Plus Devs....Please ^^All in all I love both games and I am very addicted to them ^_^ This one may need some work, but for the most part I had a blast playing it and killing people...it is so deliciously evil, Ni! Ni! Kni! ^_^"
76561198074000289,Recommended,296830,29563075,Posted: 29 January,all,Rubinate ☭,"Fun game to play, nice story. To my opinion they wouldve made the gameplay better with some more addings to the overall picture, i think its a bit quiet."
,Not Recommended,296830,16090936,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,カタニアファゴット,"Definitely stick to the first game. No variety in kills, buggy AI, buggy saves, buggy everything."
,Not Recommended,296830,16179445,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,RAIZEON,i try to play it and the screen stays white or black :/
76561198050971909,Not Recommended,296830,18656529,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,F4TheGold,"Its easy to see the good intentions with this game but something went terrible wrong! Bugs, poor gameplay, controls and game physics. Did i mention bugs? Feels like a Beta, prob are..."
,Recommended,296830,31076308,Posted: 11 April,all,SHADAP,"i wish it'll be more like the first game, but this kind of gameplay is actually fine:D"
,Not Recommended,296830,30684311,Posted: 23 March,all,Asrapila,Poor control managementstupid scenarios
76561198062085771,Not Recommended,296830,33264216,Posted: 5 July,all,matt19852085,"What happened. The first one is so much better much better gameplay and graphics, dragging the dead bodies is a laugh as they act like a rag doll with arms and legs going everywhere I cannot recommend this game its a shame as I really enjoyed Lucius 1."
,Recommended,296830,14456187,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,PestilenZ,"The demon child is back with improvements: I am not able to slay ♥♥♥♥♥s left and right without feeling like I am being decided for- poisoned donuts? You got it. Water taps under current? why not! You can successfully avoid being detected- the game isn't over immideately if you're seen , which is a big plus from the previous game (eveybody should remember that annoying part in the first game trying to sneak past a smoking detective outside at night). Now I can look straight at any flocka that crosses my path and say: ""you're ♥♥♥♥ing next!"" before dismembering their puny christian body in a billion masochistic ways."
,Not Recommended,296830,19241732,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,|ZCG| Zone Dymo,"Ok so I wanted to write a review before I forget all about this game... but honestly this pos is so terribad that I doubt Ill forget.Ho Ly♥♥♥♥♥♥this game sucks asssss.Its seriously NOTHING like the original, the original has its flaws no doubt but man was it a ride, good fun, versatile, story, gameplay it was all there, biggest issue was figuring out what to do sometimes and how damn precise the game was in that.But on to nr2, gone are specific cool death scenes, its all generic now, generic kills, hell I got most done by just letting people throw themselves in elevatorshafts or just straight up throwing acid on them....yes...JUST THROWING ACID ON THEM.Im the gawd damn son of the devil and I resort to physically grab acid and throw it on people?You would think I would make people drink it or something but nope.Honestly, the original had a special death for every character, this has NOTHING of that, hell I dont even have to kill anyone, just wandaring through this damn BORING♥♥♥♥♥FFING hospital or little town.The graphics are♥♥♥♥♥as well, like I Am Alive it basically made my physically ill at times, a headache and the like.There is just so much wrong with this game....hell everything is wrong with it, there is nothing redeeming about this pos.AVOID LIKE THE PLAGUE"
,Not Recommended,296830,30232740,Posted: 27 February,all,Misanthrope,"This game sucks a lot , don't even download this, WORTHLESS"
76561198080152550,Recommended,296830,14451971,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,ＮＥＴＳＣＡＰＥ,Assisted Suicide Simulater 2015.
,Not Recommended,296830,23119244,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,❀4Recovery,"well~ i think lucius 2 will be good not like lucius 1, and i think the story will be good because it's sequel. The fact isTHE GAME IS FULL OF BUGSecond time I refund game :/. I hope the developer will fix this, i hope. Because is this game clear from bugs, it's will be best game"
,Recommended,296830,14475533,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,⛧ CrazyKatze of Baphomet ⛧,"So....I just finished the game so ill say some positive and negative things about itPositive ^-^------------------ Awesome Story in general- Many new ways to kill and more Victims- Many References and Easter egg :D- That Skill tree :)- I Loved the Music in the game- Long game (took me 10 hours to finish it)And many more that i think i forgotNegative :(---------------- Really Laggy sometimes (i got a good PC doe)- Still some little things to fix about respawning (for example,in Water level i died then i was spawnkilled when i was respawning cuz of an explosion and a auto save at the same time or When i was stuck with key in hand when i respawned.Those 2 things made me restart their respective level sadly)In General,Awesome Game that i recommend :)SPOILER ALERT!,SPOILER ALERT!,SPOILER ALERT!,SPOILER ALERT!,SPOILER ALERT!,SPOILER ALERT!,SPOILER ALERT!,SPOILER ALERT!,SPOILER ALERT!,SPOILER ALERT!,SPOILER ALERT!,SPOILER ALERT!,SPOILER ALERT!,SPOILER ALERT!,SPOILER ALERT!,SPOILER ALERT!,SPOILER ALERT!,SPOILER ALERT!,SPOILER ALERT!,SPOILER ALERT!,SPOILER ALERT!,SPOILER ALERT!,SPOILER ALERT!,SPOILER ALERT!,SPOILER ALERT!,SPOILER ALERT!,SPOILER ALERT!,SPOILER ALERT!,SPOILER ALERT!,SPOILER ALERT!,SPOILER ALERT!,SPOILER ALERT!,SPOILER ALERT!,SPOILER ALERT!,SPOILER ALERT!SPOILER ALERT!,SPOILER ALERT!,SPOILER ALERT!,SPOILER ALERT!,SPOILER ALERT!,SPOILER ALERT!,SPOILER ALERT!,SPOILER ALERT!,SPOILER ALERT!,SPOILER ALERT!,SPOILER ALERT!,SPOILER ALERT!,SPOILER ALERT!,SPOILER ALERT!,SPOILER ALERT!,SPOILER ALERT!,SPOILER ALERT!,SPOILER ALERT!,SPOILER ALERT!,SPOILER ALERT!,SPOILER ALERT!How it ends,im pretty sure there will be a Lucius 3 :)"
,Not Recommended,296830,17130292,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Blank Space,"Great concept, poor execution. Do not waste your money."
,Not Recommended,296830,23159856,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Payasoplas,"Even the Antichrist himself would disregard any relation to this game...This game sucks! Why?Once you start the game first thing you'll do is going thru a tutorial level set in hell; literally in Hell;yes it has lava; and flames and everything; but it's not only the setting; the level actually is the worst tutorial level ever conceived: instructions are unclear; you don't know if you are holding an item or not; the buttons you're asked to push won't work and also the actions mapped into them are totally Non-intuitive.Once you get past this hell; you start the actual game; and the same problems that plagged tutorial level are here; but now you can actually fail the mission.The main character walks like he's flying; and I'm sure is not because he's the son of the devil; I'm sure it's a glitch; The game has support for game pads and if you press ""A"" the character will walk to the left with no reason.This is one of the most incomplete games I've played; I didn't ask refund because the story is good an I'd like to the see how it ends but I'm sure it will be a nightmare to play."
,Recommended,296830,14462055,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Kickz,"The game is not bad, though I expected a lot more from it. While you can kill people in a lot of different ways, it does get tedious, repetitive and very boring very quickly.The controls are clunky, especially during crouching it is awkward to move where you want to go. While the map is open you can walk but can't turn which seems like an oversight and the devs either didn't intend for you to be able to walk while the map is open and it's a bug or they did and it doesn't work and it's a bug.Having said all that, I personally like the voice acting and the cut-scenes and enjoyed the story-line so far and will try to play this one through as time goes on just to see the story through as the gameplay is not that amazing by itself.I also enjoy the skill tree and setting people on fire or mind controlling people is just to funny, making them walk into traps and kill themselves.If you are looking for an intense action adventure game then this is not it, trying to complete the story killing the relevant people just to move on with the story is frustratingly boring at times.All in all not bad and still recommendable as you can just have fun, ignoring story progress, taking your time to come up with convoluted traps that kill people in humorous ways.The way you can kill people is where the game really shines.Though, as a casual player of this title/series, for the price I paid I definitely feel I got the shorter end of the stick and you might want to wait for a bundle or sale discount."
,Recommended,296830,29341782,Posted: 18 January,all,Kierzo,This was a massive improvement on the first one (A lot of people won't agree with that) but I still felt it was too short. Now I guess all we can do is wait for Lucius lll.
76561198174938450,Not Recommended,296830,26356366,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,SpaceKitten,It just feels over all messy
,Recommended,296830,25001141,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Burretploof,"This game's jankyness is part of its charm and honestly, it's kind of an unique premise and set of gameplay mechanics.Expect characters and items in the game to glitch like hell. It's hysterical.10/10 would be satans son again"
76561198125649250,Recommended,296830,27231524,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,tattoome1ster,One of the glitchiest game i've ever played.
76561198128900655,Not Recommended,296830,23775198,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Darkheart1746,"I went into this game without doing research on how it worked so i thought ""well this will be fun because of all the ways you can kill people!"" but it turns out the variety is alot more complex for a Fps player like me so i just ended up spending all of my upgrade points on the mind-control skill because mind-control is such a cool concept! I later found out that you could mind control someone to go down the elavator shaft in order to kill them. That was basicly the most convient way of killing them without getting suspected. so that's what i did for the next two floors and it just got way to repetitive for my liking."
,Not Recommended,296830,24096624,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,A pair of dogs in a trenchcoat,"While the original lucius was dark and puzzling, this game took all of that and♥♥♥♥♥♥down it's throat. theres ""multiple"" ways to kill each person, and you have ""many"" dark powers to kill withm but none of it is satisfying. In the first game, each kill had a fair amount of puzzle to it, and this game fails to even come close to the fun of the orignal. The interesting path is hidden, while the best way to murder may be as easy as ""pull around this cart for a while until someone shows up."" Not to mention the countless bugs i encountered in ONE HOUR of gameplay."
76561198022629415,Not Recommended,296830,18499893,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,morassut.leonardo,In the video game and can not erase your saved games. It's full of bugs and when you try to load a game to start the game at half do not see the arrow of the current focus and the text dell'obietivo not in black and gray as if you had completed.and a shame that the game Lucius II is full of errors and bugs.
,Recommended,296830,24819947,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,☭Thicc tik tacc |  csgoroll.com☭,buy it thats alli have to say.
76561198003023576,Not Recommended,296830,14527543,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,shawnymcgee,"Left me disappointed, I was expecting more from this.You do get more freedom and choose the way you kill people unlike the first one where you couldn't chose how but the first one had more creativity on the kills unlike this one where you can basicaly kill a whole room of people by making a fire then using mind control and walking into the fire. It all depends on how you decide to play this game but I can assure you after a while it will definitely get repetitive. A lot of people were complaining about bugs but I haven't got a game breaking bug at all unless you count the ending which is very disappointing. Not a bad game but not great either.If you really wanna buy this game and you were a fan of the first one, I'd recommend waiting when its 5$ on a steam sale  so if you're disappointed then it doesn't sting as much.Oh and by the way, was the scene with the 2 guys in the hospital really necessary? O.o"
,Not Recommended,296830,20653765,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,{MC}Swordguy,Worst Ending ever
,Not Recommended,296830,14526111,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Henz,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing aweful. if i could get my money back, i would in a heartbeat."
76561198077038425,Not Recommended,296830,14756894,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Tugg Speedman,This game was fun till Chapter 2 level 5 now it the worse game I ever played DONT BUT THIS GAME!
76561198044559732,Not Recommended,296830,14549548,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Qirm,"Can I recommend it? I am not sure about that. Lucius 2 definatly has some major bugs. I first thought of it as more promissing. Most killing methods just repeat themselves. And you find yourself with using Control and Fire(manareg) as one of the top skills. Later telekenesis is helpfull (pressing a button from a distance a single time)The Ragdoll system sucks. You pull your dead victim in a room, and then you kick it out again, which quite sucks. Sandbox experience? Not really. Under sandbox I understand quite more. And once you don't have enough pills or electrical cords and your experience is to low to make your victim jump itself down the elevator shaft you find yourself soon stuck.The ending is quite lame. Could have been done better and leaves you with the impression that the game was literally too short to play.It sure rather reminds as an early access then a finished game. Part 1 - Linear but still fun. Part 2 - free to kill in each level is quite fun, but the ragdoll and the quite dry storyline ruins everything. And somehow the half-brother of Lucius reminds me of an actor. Not sure whom. I don't recomend it now. Please wait for the finished version."
,Recommended,296830,14652224,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Goose,"OKay, So despite mixed reviews, I purchased this game for $15.Pros:-You can kill people in lots of ways, some dont always work, but most do.-Satanic powers are a blast. It makes me laugh every time i make someone walk into a hazzard or down an elevator shaft.-From what ive come across it can be a bit like a puzzle game where you have to get certain pieces in the right place and it can make you think.Cons:-Sometimes things can..break. Which means you have to reload your last save in order to get an item that you need to progress. This is just a minor annoyance and has only happened to me once.-Im not terribly invested in the story. Its more fun just killing the AI then knowing why you are doing what you are.-There isnt really any benifit to being sneaky.neutral:-The physics can get a bit weird with ragdoll when you are caught or kill someone, but once again i think this just makes me laugh more than it makes me upset that its not realism.-Toilets give mana or power. Dont exactly understand that one, but its semi humorous.-Sometimes you dont have the obvious tools to get a kill you need on someone to get a set of keys, which can lead to a bit of searching untill you find it in some obscure place after 10 min.Overall I would reccomend this game. The price point is a bit high for it currently at $20, but if you can get it on sale I would say get it because It can give you some good laughs and who doesnt want to be the son of satan for a little while?7.8/10"
,Recommended,296830,23642697,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,DJ Cuddles,"Good Game, Don't get why they made a pixel version of it thats coming out soon but anyway i enjoyed it :D must buy this game :)"
,Not Recommended,296830,15013621,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Saturn,"I really loved the 1st game.I can't start a new game with a new profile. after the recent patch on this game I cannot get past the first door. It keeps crashing. Over and over.I got up to chapter 4 and I still cannot do anything after it loads.Of what I played was fun, but now this is really irritating.  If they get everything fixed and not break things in the process it might be a good game.For now I don't recommend it."
,Not Recommended,296830,15071218,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Des,Extremely disapointing.
,Recommended,296830,24914579,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Dammi Figa,"It's well worth playing, especially while its at this low price. I've enjoyed the setting and the freedom of exploring the various and inventive approaches offered to kill the people in your way. It's very different than the first game and I say it makes a great sequel!I highly reccomend this game and I feel many have been too critical of it. I like how the objectives are consistently clear and how even if you screw up an obvious method for killing a target (usually a staff member with a key) its easy enough to look around and divise a creative way of doing it.  In this regard the game is a bit easier and more fast paced than the first one, I feel it has just the perfect amount of difficulty to it, and the real challenge lies in racking up a nice score.10/10 give it a go!"
76561198131120129,Recommended,296830,35248824,Posted: 27 September,all,KOTVA,:)
,Not Recommended,296830,21725994,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Pink Fluffy Bear,Worst control ever. I felt that I can play another game like a god because I already mastered Lucius 2's control.
,Recommended,296830,28702188,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Captain Keelhaul,"A++ Better then hatred but seriously the gameplay is totaly diferent then lucius 1 but if you like demonic magic and murder and mahem then this is the game for you, might i add if you do play this go to extras then outfits and chose mental because it makes you feel like your actualy the son of the devil and not a harry potter character spoof. last thing is that most of this game your going to be throwing tons of♥♥♥♥♥♥at things and people but with abilitys dont level up the mind abilitys they are all worthless even the one where you can make your minions kill people, trust me you will be so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off at it and when its not glitching and or bugging out you can only find a wepion to kill people with about 20% of the time so get invisibility and all the fire abilitys first because you actualy need them. i love this game and you will to if you loved the last one LORE WISE NOT GAMEPLAY WISE!!"
,Recommended,296830,23306755,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,۞۩KimR۩۞,Lucius is better.
,Recommended,296830,26484948,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,The Stonk Market,"Very fun for me, lots of things to do, lots of people to kill.I very recommend"
76561198015216311,Recommended,296830,34637157,Posted: 31 August,all,pinrut,"This is what the first game claimed to be but really wasn't.You are the son of the devil.Use telekinesis, pyrokinesis, telepathy and a bunch of other powers to slaughter your way through multiple environments any way you want."
76561198070301741,Recommended,296830,34755165,Posted: 5 September,all,⛧ milkwalker ⛧,"It`s a fun game to play. Kinda hard to get into but when you know how to play it, it is a fun experience especially the dark humour in it :3 i give it a 8/10NOTE: DON`T BUY OF YOU HAVE A WEAK COMPUTER BECAUSE IT WILL SUCK"
,Recommended,296830,30089974,Posted: 21 February,all,Stoned Francis,A little bit better than the first one.6.5/10
,Recommended,296830,29034808,Posted: 5 January,all,Triksy The Da Vinci's Demon,"A bit buggy, but still fun to play"
,Not Recommended,296830,33296783,Posted: 5 July,all,Roomsaver,Terrible. Avoid at all costs. Thank god I only payed a dollar during a sale.
76561198008345873,Not Recommended,296830,33511072,Posted: 13 July,all,sourface,"Buy it if you have a good sense of humor and don't expect a good game here. How this game ever ended up with enough positive reviews to grant it an overall ""mixed"" score is a mystery:The physics are dreadful. Character models are janky and you'll often see items that are stuck and out of reach because you decided to throw them. Don't ride the tricycle, it's broken.The voice acting sounds contrieved and out of place.The AI pathfinding often glitches out, i.e. resulting in people sitting in thin air or being stuck staring into a wall.The play areas become progressively worse until you're playing in something that looks like am outdoors community made Duke Nuke 'Em map. No, not the recent-most Duke Nuke 'Em either.The performance issues are numerous as this game seems to have frame drops in places that likely shouldn't have any.And whoever wrote the story to the game should be ashamed of themselves. Not because of the occult and somewhat taboo source material, but because the narrative presents too many loose ends, features inexplicable character development that is never elaborated on (""because this devil-dude told me to"") and somehow never reaches the peak of ""bad sequal"" B-movie cringe, which would have excused most of this atrocious garbage.In essence, this is a rushed murder sandbox paranormal ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ simulator. And it blows my mind that I would recommend the prequel over this."
76561198061374285,Recommended,296830,34101641,Posted: 8 August,all,Samhyu,Not as good as Lucius so far
76561198047314018,Recommended,296830,14526711,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,9 More Dragons,"Lucius II, ALOT of bugs/glitches can get repetative but it is amazingly fun."
,Recommended,296830,14535926,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,superzombiekiller11,I love the series i love this game you are satans son whats better than being satans sonI RATE 10\10
,Recommended,296830,14860997,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,KawaiiPotato,"Okay. There's a few things I really want to say about this game (and developers) that (depending on the person) may be good or bad.When I first purchased the game, this game was practically unplayable. It crashed 49/50 times and there seemed to be no fix in sight. Nothing I tried worked and I found myself becoming increasingly impatient and ever-so-close to wanting to demand for some sort of compensation. However, that mindset quickly changed with the patience and amazing communication of the devs that helped me finally fix this issue. So I'm definitely giving Devs 5/5Game play, it's pretty simple; simple physics with the way objects are thrown and the force of the throw can determine whether something potentially lethal (chemicals) will break and kill your unsuspecting victim or just chill on the floor (or whatever place it lands on). The story is simple. Maybe a bit too simple since the main objective of this game seems to be killing everyone in as many ways as you can think of possible. I'm giving that a 3/5 for game play since it /does/ get a bit repetitive after awhile. Also, my first time playing through this game, even though I use the lifeline, somehow, I still end up getting a game over instead of memorywiping the person that busts Lucius.The objectives are pretty repetitive; collect keys, unlock doors and break things to complete your objective (and kill specific people). The story of the game can pretty much be summarized in a few words: Escape the hospital, kill your competition for Father/Satan's affection and the right to kinda be like Satan's favorite son that gets to sit by him while the world burns. Story: 2/5So I guess I give this game a 3/51. This game was pretty freaken broken when it first came out. BUT the devs are all working very hard to fix the issues one by one.2. The Devs are all super nice people. They kept me updated with possible fixes until the issue of game crashing was fixed.3. I love the fact that I get to be the antichrist and murder people. (Basically, I love the Omen and the concept of the two Lucius games) I know the first game was definitely parallel to the Omen in story but Lucius II had an original storyline in continuation of the first game.And regardless of the flaws of this game, I'm looking forward to a Lucius III."
,Recommended,296830,14656540,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Shadow Wolf813,This game has it's fair share of glitches but overall it was a good experience. Lucius 2 turned out to be exactly what I had hoped the first would be like... mindlessly slaughtering people in any way you could. It has an interesting story as well as many easter eggs that I couldn't help but love. It was a great continuation of the first game and I expect great things from the next installment.
,Recommended,296830,14537586,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,St0ner1995,"I liked it alot, good mix of puzzle and death.some levels were a little dificult to find traps to kill key people but thats part of the funthe boss battle at the end left isaac a little bit salty (Pun Intended, Play the game to the end to figure this one out)"
,Recommended,296830,14554154,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,jojo_girl,Very great game! Highly recommended for criminally insane and religious fanatics!
76561198154480677,Recommended,296830,14589209,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,JTNien,this game is awesome i love alot its better then the first game more people to kill casue in the first game you only got to kill what like 5 or 4 people boring but this game has more people to kill which makes this game fun but the ending is lame like the first game i got this game on midnight but not the first game so i highly recommend this game
,Recommended,296830,14643340,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Mr.GõâT,666
,Recommended,296830,14756504,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Jihadmeister,i really love this game
,Recommended,296830,14640733,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Daahf,Yes the game has a lot of bugs. But this game is actually quite fun and addictive. Buy it for the LOLZ!!
76561198096707879,Recommended,296830,19769292,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Paul,It has a bit lagg here and there but its a good game
,Recommended,296830,16499423,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,chloeee_avs,"Fantastic game, absolutely love it.Recommend this game if you like a game with a good dark story line but definitelyplay the first one before this! :)"
76561197968080868,Recommended,296830,17554721,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Mudmink,I wasn't really impressed with this game until I killed a guy with a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ So there's that.
,Recommended,296830,17787205,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,AntiVVeaboo,satan boy
,Recommended,296830,19751635,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Marshall 159,Excellent horror game and not to hard to get 100% of the achievements.
,Recommended,296830,19763282,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,BrunoEnos,Nem joguei direito e ja achei bastante louco!Nota: 8/10
,Recommended,296830,17951995,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,CmmD_1530179 ™,NIce GAme for Me !! That is Awesome.
76561198119142305,Recommended,296830,19167696,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,jmaunsell,Great game.  Really addictive.  Loved trying to find different ways to kill people off.
,Recommended,296830,20811519,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Hans Prengel,"Unpolished. short and a lot of unused potential, but killing all the poor people in many different ways was a lot of fun.Can recommend it when it is on sale.Would kill for daddy again."
76561198086571183,Recommended,296830,14609863,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Piquerist,"Spoilers ahoy.Okay, this is something that's bothered me with a lot of the down votes. They marketed it as a sandbox, there was never any doubt of what it was going to be. That's how it was always marketted, I didn't even really expect there to be a story to it, from what people were saying before it was released.Aside from that, there is actually a decent story, if you're paying attention. Having played this game more times than what would probably be considered healthy since it's release, I've had time to really pay attention to the story. Instead of the long cut scenes from the first movie, you have people talking about incidents that happened. You have newspaper clippings. You have things that are actually subtle, that you have to pick up on. It's not an overly cinematic game.Now, the game itself is buggy, more so than Lucius was, yes, but there's no game breaking bugs, really. Something might come up every now and again where you'll have to go back to the beginning of a level and play it over again, but other than that, I, personally, have not encountered any game breakers. I've never crashed playing this game or anything like that.And yes, the way the AI acts when you kill something is goofy. It's amusing to me. I enjoy it. But that's me.In short, yes, it's a buggy indie game. I didn't go into the game thinking there wasn't going to be bugs, because honestly, the first Lucius also had bugs, and there were some actual game breaking bugs in the first one.And there are a lot of references in the game that had me amused. Ludlow, for one. The younglings for another. Just small things they slipped into the game."
,Recommended,296830,14571869,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Abysmal,"Chris has a job interview in Raleigh in three hours and he's making good time--until an accident miles down the highway turns Chris' manageable trip into a six-hour wait. Determined to make his critical appointment, Chris makes a hard U-turn and heads back up the West Virginia highway. Running low on fuel, he finds a shortcut, it's clearly a road less traveled, but to Chris it seems to be a quick fix to avoid the traffic jam. Not far away, Jessie and her friends, Carly, Scott, Evan and Francine, stand quietly--stunned as they survey what's left of their road trip after the tires blow out on their SUV. They've been left stranded, deep in the middle of the woods. Chris heads down the dusty road, accidentally hitting the SUV along the way, scattering the foursome around it. Luckily no one is seriously hurt in the collision, but egos are bruised and tempers flare. Chris is apologetic, and Jessie is the calming force when she discovers that the reason they're in their predicament is that barbed wire had been stretched across the road. Therefore, their blown out tires were seemingly the result of a prank. The group quickly bands together, determined to find a phone. Evan and Francis stay with the cars, as the other four make their way down the road. As they venture deeper and deeper into the woods, the assumed idea that the trap was set by a prankster grows dim upon their discovery of a mountain cabin filled with grisly hunting weapons and horrific souvenirs of the hunt. They are now certain that whomever--or whatever--lives in the cabin is responsible for the barbed-wire trap that derailed their trip. What the foursome doesn't know, however, is that Evan and Francine are now dead, mercilessly mutilated by three gruesome mountain men. Facing an uncertain and possibly horrific fate at the hands of these men, the four friends are sure of one thing: they will never go camping again."
76561198155941356,Recommended,296830,14610480,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,LycheeTheFruit,"Why buy Lucius II? Because you can control a very beautiful boy with a beautiful name. Don't count how many glitches there are in the game, there WILL be glitches in EVERY game. They've worked really hard making this game. Look at the graphics, the lightings, the music, the visual, the story! It's a MASTERPIECE! When Lucius II was announced, I was already hoping for a Third. 666/100!"
,Recommended,296830,14668753,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Watermalone,"The games good....ish.I mean, I recommend this game. The transition from the first game holds up well and the fact you are given more freedom to carry out your plans to follow the steps to become the next anti-christ.However, the game is short. I mean, really short. It took me around 5 hours to complete which equals to around 2-3 sessions. If there were more levels and perhaps bigger environments it would get a 7/10.Pros:Optional skills to invest inPlay how you want to playKill who you want (Big leap from first game)A couple of reoccuring characters from the previous game to maintain story flowVery obvious references to other horror movies/ games. (I mean, c'mon. Just look at all the babies names in the hospital)Some favorite items come backCons:Short StoryUnsatisfactory endingSome characters look quite genericVoice acting is ""eh""Obvious reference to PewDiePieStory 6/10Graphics 7/10Level Design 7.5/10Replay Factor = Very minimalOverall Score = 6.5"
76561198046939286,Recommended,296830,14676979,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Valdurska,"Lucius 2, sequel to Lucius.In this game, you control Lucius, the son of the Devil. Your objective is to go around and kill people, for the glory of Satan of course. You're meant to use your environment as a tool to kill nurses, patients and other people. When you kill someone, you need to hide the bodies. Otherwise people will find them and grow suspicious and panicky.Now, as a game, the concept is very creative and fun. Who does not want to go around and use the supernatural to kill your foes? However the game seems to fall a bit on the matter of actual functionality. The game is riddled with bugs and glitches. For example, people in the game can sometimes glitch into the walls if you drag their bodies, the game can crash when you finish a level, and different sounds can go off without any particular reason. I had the music sound, which plays when you kill someone, play on a loop randomly, even if I was just standing still. Occasionally the narration would replay without a reason.Now, would I recommend the game? Yes. Even with the bugs, the game is actually rather fun and enjoyable. The puzzles are rather creative and when you figure them out, you actually feel pretty good about yourself.However, if you really cannot stand bugs and glitches in games, you may want to wait until the devs release a bugfixing patch. Lucius 2 really could use one."
,Recommended,296830,14551576,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Z Chrispian Chrispin Crisp,"Not as bad as people have been saying.I was one of those people who moaned at the Devs for how linear and restrictive the first Lucius was...also how god awful the final fight originally was.The Devs listened and they have tried to make a game that reminds me of Hitman Blood Money..but you're the son the Devil in pretty much a satanic sandbox!Yes it's buggy but not unplayable, you can play through the whole game and not have any issues or you can have a tonne. I had one issue regarding the save cache giving me a black screen, but I deleted my custom saves and restarted the level and there wasn't an issue. Checkpoints are frequent after each objective, so it's not that frustrating.I would say the engine needs a tweak as it can be quite demanding on a low end computer,I think purely due to optimisation issues.Saying all that, whether or not its a self aware game or written with the creativity of a shoebox,It is hilarious to play through and can be very entertaining.I picked it up for 15 quid and I would say the pricing is about right. Give it a shot."
,Recommended,296830,14683688,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,ZombieMesh,"Let me just say I recommend this game only at a reduced price, if that ever happens. That may change based on whether or not the developers actually fix the infinite amount of bugs the game has.It's basically a buggy, magical Hitman: Blood Money. You're put into a sandbox area and given tasks, but are allowed to do as you please for the most part. Some people you HAVE to kill, but others are just a bonus.This game is buggy beyond reason. If you combine your items together, save, and then reload, those items will be glitched and unusable most of the time. If you kill someone, save, then reload, there's a chance that they will spawn in alive and then magically die after a few seconds. I had a glitch where a guy who was suppose to be in a coma walked around for a few seconds before resuming his normal function. The AI sometimes gets stuck on silly objects, or will survive an acid attack despite being half-way corroded. Sometimes you'll get in trouble for being in an un-restricted area. AIs sometimes forget their patterns and refuse to behave normally. I've had issues where music would loop over other music, even during cutscenes, forcing you to quit the game.There are probably a lot more glitches and bugs that I haven't mentioned. I'm guessing the huge ammount of bugs was due to the devs wanting to release it on Friday the 13th, and thus had to rush.Despite these awful and frustrating issues, the game is still pretty fun. If you've played Hitman: Blood Money enough times that you could probably kill someone in real life, you'll like this game. I've played around 10 hours and am close to beating the game. I will say that atleast 3 or 4 of those hours was backtracking because a series of bugs ruined a mission, but still.Hopefully the devlopers will patch out a good majority of the bugs. If and when that happens, I fully reccomend this game at $20 for the amount of content you're getting, but as of now, I wouldn't pay more than $10-15."
,Recommended,296830,23947239,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Halberstram,Is the AI of this game a comment on our society?
,Recommended,296830,21002896,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,GhostGloz,"Just hard to control during gameplay but other than that, I love mudering people randomly B)"
76561198201687094,Recommended,296830,24009447,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,♡PUCCA♡,Very very long time for clear 1 stage but really funny.
,Not Recommended,296830,34170258,Posted: 11 August,all,Hu$tl3r,The idea of the game is not bad. But the implementation is horrible.The controls suck so hard I uninstalled it. Drag an object is just buggy. In level 3 the mouse-look is just broken :(
76561198140258230,Recommended,296830,14875901,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Vacuo,"if you love goat simulatorthis is a game for youeverybody is all ""hey this game is not even good""(it's because they can't find the secret ""scenes"" and/or don't know how to git gud)i've encountered barely any bugseasy to playmany ways to use your environment to your advantage12/10 would defib again"
76561198037645022,Not Recommended,296830,14548709,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,imrathan,Way too many bugs I enjoyed the first one saw this and baught it right away. Wish I could get my money back...
,Not Recommended,296830,14543625,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Maxi Satan,"While Lucius was a 3D point and click disguised as a sandbox murder party, Lucius II is a bloody mess of bugs, horrible gameplay, superfluous scenario, ridiculous cutscenes, anal gaysex in the toilets, retar_ded AI, boring levels disguised as a sandbox murder party.Maybe the third will be finally worth it!11/10 would get stuck in an oven with a defibrillator in the butt while trying to kill people again"
,Recommended,296830,14602688,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Betelgeuse,"I'm not sure exactly why everyone is hating on this game. Personally I enjoyed every minute of it and will continue playing long after I have finished. There are only a few games in my entire Steam library that I have actually sat down and played from beginning to end; and fewer still that I actually go back to. With most games I usually get bored after awhile and start playing something else, but Lucius II kept me thorougly entertained during my entire playthrough. Yes it is a short game, but each level is a sandbox that provides unlimited diversion. Yes, there are bugs, but I have not encountered any that were gamebreaking. I only crashed once in the many hours I've played, and the other bugs I encountered were mostly minor, such as a missing icon or broken camera angle when climbing up to a rooftop.I have only a few gripes, and nothing too serious to keep anyone from enjoying this game. The first is a lack of kill animations. Whenever you sucessfully kill an NPC they will usually turn into a ragdoll and fall on the floor. The kills are still interesting and unique and should delight most players, but the lack of detailed death animations kinda makes that elaborate setup you worked so hard on seem disappointing. Another problem is the AI in general. It still needs a lot of work. Sometimes an NPC will get stuck in a position or have trouble reacting to the bait you left on the floor, or sometimes they will just sit in mid air. They also do not react when an explosion just rocked the next room. This brings me to my final complaint which is the overall unpolished feel to the game. As players have suggested, it feels rushed. You'll notice a decline in quality as soon as you watch the cutscenes, which are nothing more than paper dolls with a character narrating. I don't know if they were going for an aesthetic appeal with this or just cutting costs. When compared to the cinematic cutscenes of the first game it really feels like they opted for the less expensive route.Personally I'm not bothered by the cheap changes or the small bugs and beta AI, but now I cannot decide which game I prefer. I love the first game, and that one actually feels like a finished product, but the lack of variety really turns me off. After you finish that game there's really no reason to go back to it unless you are achievement hunting. Lucius II, however, lets you plan your murders, set up traps, and kill in any order. On the other hand, in Lucius I the kill scenes were so gruesomely gratifying. It's really hard to decide which game is better, but I think that once the devs finally iron out all the problems in Lucius II I'm sure most fans will be happy with it. There's an amazing sequel to Lucius here, you just have to dig through all the mess to find it.(Oh yeah, and the final boss is a direct replica of Malachai from Children of the Corn. Too awesome!)"
,Recommended,296830,14492159,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,fr0punk,"Check your expectations at the door and know what you are buying.  It's a low budget indie horror game.  You know it's going to be goofy, jenky and buggy.   It's one thing to get all obnoxious with gamer activism for unfinished AAA titles, but man, chill out on the small teams making goofy games.   The quality was EXACTLY what I would expect from a game of this caliber.Things to note for the angry gamer:You will find plenty of bugs, but not many that really break the game.  I only had one instance where a person who had the keys I needed, got knocked down and never got back up or died.Animations, Models, Ragdoll Physics... Just general graphics are meh.You can get away with damn near anything.  People really just kind of look right past you or you can just run away real fast.The last boss was absolutely impossible to figure out.I had no idea the credits were rolling and I had beat the game.My play through saw 2 whole video game wieners.That said, this game is what you make of it.  I just don't get why people will buy a low budget horror game and yell about development. If you are a fan of B-Horror movies, this is a pretty fun game to play but you might want to pop it on your wish list and snag it during a big sale.Here is one of the 2 wieners I encountered in my playthrough:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=392706772"
,Not Recommended,296830,14507253,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,jakejakejakejake,"I really wanted to like Lucius II -- I love the idea of setting devious traps for the unwary, and the unique story certainly has a lot of potential. However, there are so many game-breaking bugs, poorly designed interfaces, performance issues, and control scheme nightmares that I cannot recommend this game to anyone.For example, there is a sequence where Lucius must use a shotgun. Simple, right? No. The process goes like this:1. Collect the shotgun and shells by aiming the reticule at them, pressing E, and then pressing G (yes, really).2. Go to the inventory screen and drag the shells onto the shotgun. The game does not pause while you're in this window, despite the fact that you can't see any of the action, so it's very likely you'll get mercilessly ravaged while you attempt to do this.3. Double-click the shotgun to equip it. Urghh, it didn't work. Double-click again. Double-cli- Oh, there it goes.4. Fire twice before having to repeat the clumsy process all over again.Additionally, it's possible to get into states where a level becomes uncompletable -- for example, on many of the hospital floors, there are keys you need to pick up in order to progress. These keys can disappear or become lodged somewhere out of sight, and the level has to be restarted.There's a fair amount of slowdown in this game, which is odd considering the fact that the graphics aren't anything to write home about. The final battle is particularly bad about this -- particle effects grind the game to a halt. Expect freezes, too.There's a great number of smaller issues that the developers surely must have noticed -- for example, the inventory screen often claims containers are 100% full when they're actually empty, volume levels fluctuate at random from scene to scene, and when Lucius drops objects, they hover in midair instead of falling to the ground.Add to that the fact that no one proofread any of the text, and you can clearly see that this is another half-baked Unity game released on Steam far too early. I hope that Lucius II becomes playable someday, but for now, it's impossible to justify spending $20 for the dubious pleasure of playing this frustrating game. Overall, it's a great concept, but it feels like it's still in alpha."
76561198064716575,Recommended,296830,16764948,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Oakleigh,It has lots of willy. Oh yeah and slapstick murder :)Bareback/10
,Recommended,296830,14569640,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,รקคςєςคtคz,"First let me start by saying I actually liked Lucius 1. Yes, it was limited, but the kills were all unique, and you actually *GASP* had to do some detective work (read: stalking) to find the nessecary tools to kill your next victim.Lucius 2 tries to be much more sandboxy and only partially makes it. The AI is pretty brain-dead, the levels a wee bit cramped and out of place. You can sneak by pressing control, but you wont need it once, as even if you do get caught you have at least 2 mind erases available. Combine all that with health from toilets, random gay sex in the bathrooms, and a sex toy melee weapon blatantly stolen from Saints Row 3, and you can easily form the opinion these guys arent taking the game seriously, and neither should you. But, that ruins immersion in a game like this. If I want Saints Row gameplay, then I'll go play Saints Row.There is a nice variety of ""special"" kills but there could have been so many more. After a few levels another new way pops up, and then its back to Poison sandwiches for everyone. Finally the upgrade system is pretty bad. You have 3 skill trees to choose from; mind control, telekenesis, and pyro. Each individual ""talent"" takes 3 points to.. well I'm not sure but I think it makes them last.. longer? The game isnt nearly long enough to get every single talent unlocked, but that doesn't matter, as more than half of them are pretty useless. I'm a BIG fan of fire in games, and when even I don't care enough to even put a single point in the entire pyro skill tree... that says a lot.It's not the greatest game ever, but it's fun and is priced well for the content and length. Just like it's predecessor. I look forward eagerly to Lucius 3: The Sandwich Fandango"
76561198009344400,Recommended,296830,14457427,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Stereohyped,"I'm reviewing this from a point of view where i'm a fan of Lucius and the edgy style of gameplay it offers. Lucius 2 does improve on that, removing the linear storyline and forced situations into a much more free roam and player decision based game.If you enjoyed Lucius i feel you will enjoy Lucius 2 for all the same reasons!HOWEVER!!!!As others have mentioned this game is pretty buggy! Too buggy to have been released i feel. I hope and pray and feel it will be patched and sorted. I've not come across any bugs that make the game unplayable yet but there are moments of frustration and times where i felt i was missing out on being able to do stuff because the game bugged out.Buy this game if you loved the graphic, in your face, bloodiness of Lucius. You will not be disappointed.Watch out for many many awesome film references!"
76561198179909989,Not Recommended,296830,14794142,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,KongoKardinalKlub,The game will not open.  Does anyone have a soulution
,Not Recommended,296830,14682951,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Guy LeDouche,"This was the saddest excuse for a game I have ever played, the developers lucked out on the purchases due to the last one actually being decent with a good story line. However this one is the complete opposite. Unless you really enjoy ♥♥♥♥♥♥ AI, horrible animations, and doing the same thing over and over again throughout the whole game, this game is not even worth looking at. 0/10 would never play or pay ever again. Congratz on making the ♥♥♥♥♥est game of the year!"
76561198013310484,Not Recommended,296830,14672586,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Bunneh,Hell no!Do not waste your money on this game.Way to many bugs and glitches..Even the subtitles are messed up in most parts of the game
,Recommended,296830,14458516,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Zuldope,"After playing around 2 hours ive taken a break, its a fun game, there are massive A.I. bugs ive noticed, and few other bugs concerning ""getting caught"" like id run away from a nurse but id still be getting that checkmark over my head stating that im being seen. when im not even in sight and ive actrally ran into a bathroom and shut the door. ANOTHER BUG is the doors the doors are funny lets leave it at that doesnt ruin game just another bug.. all concidering great game worth it, im sure they will patch some of the bugs anyways /i hopeGraphics are alright, maxed out"
,Recommended,296830,14501209,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Beasty,"This game really did remind me of hitman blood money, just more evil!Really fun game"
,Not Recommended,296830,14504435,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,dizzydatdevan,can some one help i got to the bus and the game just stoped IT ♥♥♥♥ING STOPED. i tryed every thing.i tryed killing every one on the bus i tryed shooting satan(it worked) i even bounced a nail off the widow and shoot the drive (the bus keep driving) is this a glitch if so how do i fix this.or am i doing some thing wrong if so what
76561198263886148,Recommended,296830,23597629,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,thomaslethomas,"Great gameplay, nice story (kinda weird at some point though)Graphics aren't screwing up your gameplayHowever, people randomly eat donuts they found on the floor.But I made people walk into a growing pile of burning bodies so it's all good."
76561197970410829,Not Recommended,296830,15061313,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,FlutschfinGER,KI? Total Fail! Non creative kills bugs not recommended
76561198079414087,Not Recommended,296830,15176449,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Schizophrenic420,"very repetative, to fast pased for me. nothing like lucius 1. dont recomend you buy it unles your into the cheesy arcade cleshe games. no for me"
,Not Recommended,296830,14980524,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,BIG DADDY,"I just... no. Not something I found enjoyment in playing.I purchased this game soley becauseCr1TiKaL voiced one of the charactersin the game. But after playing with the intent of personally interacting with the character, I just gave up; the game was just that unenjoyable.At first, I thought the game concept was kind of interesting and creative. As I was playing the game it, at first, seemed to have a nice atmosphere and setting. But everything went downhill after the cutscene with the demon and the investigator. All seriousness was sucked out of my experience when that demon's mouth moved in such a cartoonic fashion. And things did not get better once the actual gameplay started.The tutorial was a bit lazy. Takes you to hell so you can learn how to play. Why couldn't it take place in the actual world? And learn as you complete the first mission? That's something that's pretty much standard these days. Anyway, after getting out of hell and starting the real game, things become pretty tedious feeling. It's already been mentioned in other reviews but there doesn't seem much of a point to some of the creative ways to kill people except for fun. So why do that when you can just poison all the doughnuts?The one positive thing I found in the game was a reference toKitty FormanfromThat 70's Show.As for the story, I feel it's a bit poorly written. It feels like the story was an after thought or the story came after the they already had the idea for where they want Lucius to go, like it was just tagged on.Lastly, I could not get past the terribly handled ""easter egg""/tribute to PewDiePie. I'm not a fan of the guy, and I don't have a problem with him, but the way the whole beachball thing was handled is just painful, like being beaten over the head with a sack of frozen oranges. Expect with oranges you aren't out $20 and you can still uses them for something. I'm sure maybe it made some PewDiePie fans giggle a little, but for the rest of us it made an already disappointing experience even worse. The only thing I can imagine that would have made it any worse would be if the ball talked and was voiced by PewDiePie himself. Or by Fred.In conclusion, this game was just a let down and I advise those who are curious about this game take a moment and reconsider purchasing this game."
,Not Recommended,296830,15073273,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,El_Desenladrillador,"This game is an awkward and tasteless parody of itself. However as a parody it fails because even black humour requires a funny part and two naked men having sex in the bathroom is not something funny, it's just an outright vulgar attempt to attract at least some attention to the pretty mediocre game, which is, besides torturing you with poor writing and boring gameplay, also as buggy as hell. But I guess this is what should have been expected from the Devil's son."
,Recommended,296830,23780463,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Counter Breaker,"""I'm Lucius. I'm Lucius. I'm gonna take over your f@$king mind! I'm Lucius."" - Jerma"
,Not Recommended,296830,17566747,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,mastercraz,
,Not Recommended,296830,18573998,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Pr0xyPhr3ak,"Not recommended, graphics are very low"
76561198063560007,Not Recommended,296830,14566357,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,TheFirstBadSeed,dont get this. its buggy as ♥♥♥♥ and makes me want to punch a baby armadillo in its♥♥♥♥♥♥half the time. its cool killing people with acid bottles and taking snapshots of the dudes banging in the hospital but other than that its just a big pile of elephant♥♥♥♥♥♥♥mixed with jerry seinfelds♥♥♥♥♥♥ also the newest patch erased all of my skills. so yeah that ♥♥♥♥ing blows... ♥♥♥♥ you hearts dont censor me you♥♥♥♥♥♥waffle. ♥♥♥♥ you
,Not Recommended,296830,14545194,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Snacky Chan,This second installment is an insult. That's not what I look like...
76561198135784450,Recommended,296830,28098846,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,ρandora Farmskins.com,cool game. :D
76561198191993863,Not Recommended,296830,21092073,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,paralegal.abstractor,I cannot even play it!!! I wasted money and saved up for this!! It lags so much it sounds like a broken record machine!! FIX IT!!
,Not Recommended,296830,24351703,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,✿Nidhoggr✿,"It's more like an RPG(Skill, HP, Mana, etc.), and a Kill Fest, w/ some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ eating donuts in the floor.Completely different from Lucius 1. Pretty much Dissapointment."
,Recommended,296830,20539683,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Petacraft,More alternative ways to kill people.Challenge yourself by using various methods to make a great massacre.Provide a suitable circumstance at the right moment for the kill.Lucius II is played differently from the first one. Which offers more choices for players.
76561198130514798,Not Recommended,296830,19705035,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,amphetamachine,"I'll keep this simple: This is a game that was made specifically for Pewdiepie. Not being Pewdiepie, I can't say I enjoyed it enough to recommend it.It's way overpriced at 20 bucks considering how many quirks it has. If they had spent more time ironing out its kinks, it could have been a bit more playable. Enemies clip through doors, see you through walls, and just general shenanigans. Not that the game is even hard -- it's not; for the most part it's ridiculously easy."
76561198262599357,Recommended,296830,29558563,Posted: 28 January,all,princess_powerz,This game is amazing! There are many ways you can kill each individual characters which is amazing. When you play the game from the start you realise that there are other ways to kill them all besides where the characters are originally stationed or were before and some or most deaths were quite humerous.
76561198111712308,Recommended,296830,29572338,Posted: 29 January,all,ibrahimwoah,"Loved it! The scene in the bathroom was.. ""interesting"".[new version of review starts below]I didn't know this game would be so much fun, and I've already completed it 3 times and will most likely complete it again in the future.Yes, the scene in the bathroom is still.. ""interesting""."
,Not Recommended,296830,14638903,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,The Classy Cat,Nah..
,Recommended,296830,35305075,Posted: 29 September,all,AℓʍᵰℍℴT,Pretty boy Lucius :>
,Recommended,296830,25229083,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,KingofHearts,nice game!!!!
,Recommended,296830,29388303,Posted: 20 January,all,Handsome,"I played it besides my Grandma, she actualy enjoyed it and got interested."
,Recommended,296830,24973945,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Paul Walker,Dank♥♥♥♥♥game.
76561198162335977,Recommended,296830,23136822,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,gRs,"Simple game, but still managed to enjoy it. Thank you developers,P.S. Sorry for killing u in the end xD"
76561198078143783,Recommended,296830,24067037,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Cutie_Assassin,Fun game.
76561198067573437,Recommended,296830,15057628,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Wreckey,AWESOME
76561198090130754,Recommended,296830,19087822,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Cap'n Crunch,"This game could've been better, but I did enjoy the freedom of killing people with anything I could find, and the story was pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥, but who cares about that, I enjoyed my experience with this game. 10/10 would burn a naked guys♥♥♥♥♥♥off with acid"
76561198184550254,Recommended,296830,17870375,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,The MOULDER,"If you enjoyed Lucius you will enjoy Lucius 2, there are many complaints and i don't understand any of them, the story is good and there will be a 3rd game10/10Spoiler Alert: -Tricycle Crab Walk, Lucius dad DOES suck the devil's♥♥♥♥♥♥ would murder the son and satan again.. and will"
,Recommended,296830,19046152,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Kaiser,"If you play the first Lucius then you will like this game but if you play Lucius II before Lucius I then your missing out on a lot.Other then that i say Lucius I display the satan like horror better then this game but it is still funny to play, i say that because watching people fall down never gets old i hope they add a cheat to have unlimited slippery water then i will be all set.*Cough* i give it 7/10"
,Recommended,296830,19089758,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,skelebones,Loved it. 10/10 explode violently again
,Recommended,296830,21040982,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Zombie.Owl.777,Game mechanics can be difficult at first but overall its a laugh whilst you sit back and watch all those people die at your devilish hand to impress your father . 666/10
76561198084151405,Recommended,296830,19227011,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,FunNGuns,"It feel like you have much more open then the first one, there both great games."
76561198095792578,Not Recommended,296830,25373779,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Gentlem🅰n Rex,It's very buggy and the animation looks bad
,Not Recommended,296830,30734641,Posted: 25 March,all,Baron von Arthur,Not good but not awful. But I would rather play Naughty Bear.
,Not Recommended,296830,30915042,Posted: 2 April,all,Rykuran,"Garbage. First one was better. Clunky, Buggy, all round meh. 0/10"
,Recommended,296830,21906898,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Boshmash,How to kill in Lucius II:Get doughnutsGet a canPut donuts on floorWait for someone to walk to themThrow can at ventsWatch as death takes its course.
76561198127401239,Not Recommended,296830,35425098,Posted: 2 October,all,prokiller123,"it doesn`t work...I PAYED 20$!!!I PLAYED 6,1 HOURS I THINKED IT WILL WORK BUT F%&K NO!!!"
,Recommended,296830,14451267,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Kane Reynolds,"After being in the Psych Ward for six months, the doctors decide shock treatment is the best for young Lucius and that’s where things go wrong. Sadly, you don’t get to see what happens next but judging by the blood on the walls and the dead body sitting next to you with the deliberator in his chest one can only imagine…Unlike the first game where each person has a specific way they need to be sent to Hell, the sequel gives you the chance to explore the possibilities with a wide variety of deaths ranging from poisons, explosions, mind control murders, and flying oxygen tanks that are almost impossible to aim. My favorite kills so far have to be combining water on the floor with the deliberator, and using the nail gain which is pretty much a one-shot kill for each nail you have at your disposal. The hardest kill method is the oxygen tanks I’ve mentioned, because there’s no easy way to aim the sucks on the cart they use and the item keeps moving after you’ve stopped moving the cart. I could kill with a Dixie cup and some string easier than the tanks.So far I’ve found an exploit; each of the deliberators can only be used once but saving and loading back to such saved file will reload the deliberator for use again, as well as tone down some of the way people look at you when it comes to suspicion – by the way you might be missing an item or two or need to do an objective again but that’s a small price to pay if it means you can essentially use a kill method near-indefinitely.There’s a lot of things I like about this game but many of them are also things I liked about the first as well – such as the exploration, the music, and the immersion. Playing as the son of Satan is great and since he has no lines of any kind he doesn’t bore anyone with quotes cheesy one-liners. There’s a quote from Highlander in this one – imagine how much I laughed.But there’s still some things that I didn’t like that returned as well. The music does seem to lag out from time to time and the voice narration is super quiet. Although the objectives are really clear, the kill methods seem to have some preferred victims, making it hard to kill that person with the keys if you’ve already used up your poisoned doughnuts.The only two characters returning from the first game are the detective – the narrator but replaced with a different voice actor from the first – and Lucius’ human father but his role in the sequel can be summed up and being a vegetable on a hospital bed next to a life support machine than can be shut off at any time. That’s about it.In short, I like Lucius 2 and will stand by the game in all its glory and faults just like I did its predecessor. I’m a little ways into chapter two and it doesn’t seem to have a very long game by the looks of it. According to Steam, there’s only about four more missions before the game is complete, but replay value is pretty high – there’s boggle heads to collect, kills to try out, skills to obtain, and cars to get hit by, so I can see myself playing this one for a while.Now if you’ll excuse me I just reduced the population of Ludlow to zero and must explore to see if I missed something. To those playing this game, happy hunting!(Fun fact: The town of Ludlow seems to have gotten in adult gizmos that are available at the General Store.)"
,Not Recommended,296830,14501996,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Doctor Fudge,"You heal by flushing the toilets.That's it, that's the entire reason I don't recommend it."
,Not Recommended,296830,14611874,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Tiny,"It was hard for me to decide weather or not to recommend this game. I ADORED the first Lucius, so I was so excited for this, but it seems so rushed. Sure, the main aspect of this game is killing people in imaginitive ways - and yes, I have to say that sometimes that is fun. Only sometimes. As you progress you end up just doing the simplest thing. Poisoning, throwing acid...it all gets a little tedious. Not to mention the freakin GLITCHINESS of this game! My ""E""  button ""Lifeline"" KILLS ME if I use it (not much of a second chance, more of a suicide). Lucius ragdolls whenever caught, and in all honest it's laughable. The atmosphere is ruined when you suddenly get picked up by your arm and you ragdoll around and glitch through the wall and floor. Sometimes the deaths don't even register - on  more than one occasion I poisoned some coffee, the person drank it then simply continued to wander around as normal. The music cuts out sometimes, and the throwing system and aim is far to quick to even react to, meaning you stand there wiggling your mouse to get it to aim in the right way. Also, Lucius seems to hate holding things, meaning if you pick up even  an innocent item such as a sandwich you get caught and boom, game over (yes, I should be able to use my Lifeline, but oh, that kills me!). Yes, I liked the sneaking and the killing and even the art style, modeling and the music, but the rest is so buggy that it takes away the greatness from this game. So disappointed :("
,Recommended,296830,14453543,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Triple S,"Played the first level to test out the game for youtube and I really, really enjoyed it. Miles better than the first with the gameplay and the story so far has me completely hooked, though like I wasn't already =P Not encountered any bugs so far though as I'm not one who must have the game they're playing be absolutely 100% bug free if I encounter any it shouldn't be a problem. Can't wait to binge this game! Hail Stan!"
,Not Recommended,296830,14473169,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,FraMe #2,I do not recommend buying this game as it is in beta. The sneaky aspect of the game is broken as you can do anything you want without being caught. Bugs Bugs and more bugs.... What a waste of my money.
,Not Recommended,296830,14496141,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Sun And Moon,"- Story doesn't make sense and is boring- Gameplay gets repetitive extremely fast, there's a limited number of ways to kill people, so once you cover most of them it becomes a chore- Extremely buggy. Audio glitches, subtitle text, missing materials, crashes when skipping cutscenes, AI behavior, the list goes on- Frustrating outcomes when trying to kill people due to the bugs and controls. NPCs freaking out and running around, or you get caught, or you miss your kill completely."
,Not Recommended,296830,14566186,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,whoiscraig,"This game has an immersion-breaking easter egg mention of Pewdiepie, whom I dispise, so it gets an immediate thumbs down from me. I already regret buying it."
,Not Recommended,296830,14508932,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,AlbinoGandalf,Naughty Bear with more fire and telekinesis. 'nuff said
76561198066788499,Not Recommended,296830,14507411,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,sergioengineer,The first lucius was just wayyyy better than this one.This game is so buggy and ridiculous that you are going to think that the developers should have actually paid you to play this game instead of you paying them.I wouldn't recommend it even to my worst nerd gamer enemy. =/
,Not Recommended,296830,14550943,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,hug🍕ealer 🐫,not as much fun as the first.  still entertaining though.
76561198091103208,Not Recommended,296830,14568082,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,1B-15-FirelFox,Very kool Game and has great stuff.I just feel that hes doing the same stuff n there  really no room to expand on things like i think he should have more powers or somthing i just feel somthing is missing.N there is 1 bug that is keeping me from saying yes n that is the game going super wwhite like a glowish typ cloud or somthing n   then i gotta  save n reload the game where i saved for it to go away. Really annoying..
,Recommended,296830,24734014,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Doom of Pyro,"Also try ""Lucius""."
,Recommended,296830,20798307,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,execleaning,Just evil
,Recommended,296830,14501022,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,LostInDementia,Other then it being buggy as♥♥♥♥♥♥ it's a good game. 9/10
76561198064467907,Recommended,296830,14508166,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,[VAP]Broke Hawk,"It has everything you wanted in the sequel. more killing. more freedom. more hilarious glitches. more nudity... maybe the devs will put ""female"" nudity in a expansion instead..... story was good until halfway through, then it sort of died. My guilty pleasure for the month."
76561198132736420,Recommended,296830,24589279,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Nishimiya,dark and evil! must play
76561198063056200,Recommended,296830,14517600,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,s0rr0w (probably barred out),"WHY ARE PEOPLE SAYING THIS GAME IS BAD? BEST GAME I'VE EVER PLAYED! I LOVED THE PART WHERE YOU GLITCH OUT EVERYWHERE, AND I LOVED THE PART WHERE WHEN THE GAME ENDS, YOU JUST STAND ON A BUS AND HAVE TO PRESS QUIT GAME!!!! OH, AND THAT AUDIO IS CHOICE!!! OH AND THE GAME RUNS FLAWLESSLY AFTER LEVEL 4, NO CHOPPYNESS AT ALL!!!! AND JUST WOW THOSE GRAPHICS!!!! WOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOW THIS GAME IS EASILY THE BEST GAME I'VE PLAYED IN SO LONG!!!!!"
76561198062856452,Recommended,296830,14520079,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,OpenMik2,You think YOU'VE got a problem child...
76561198352189407,Recommended,296830,31282650,Posted: 21 April,all,IQ ASSS,cool and funny dark humor
,Not Recommended,296830,14457690,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,✞ |-|3££ioT [] |2.!.P. ✞,"Mix  Goat simulator and Postal 3 and call it  Lucius IIThe game feels like a parody of the first game.... A hilarious joke.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oifU7ysX7rU&feature=youtu.beIn Lucius II:- I used stealth at my own risk because it is useless.- I used toilets to healmyself.WTF???- I saw a guy♥♥♥♥♥♥in a plant.- I saw a gay couple in action.- I saw an npc sit on an invinsible chair.- I broke a fire hydrant with a 10$ bill and killed an npc.- I made an npc slide into a wooden pike.- I broke a ventilator with a wallet and it chopped the npcs head off.- Spilled oil on the floor where the npcs were standing and dropped my lighter.To my suprise i had fun even if the game is terrible.PS: I changed my rating to not recommend because of the games' current price tag. In its current state the game is not worth 20$. I would only reccomend buying the game if the price was slashed in half even in its current state because it was fun. The creative ways of killing npcs grows on you even in the absence of a good atmosphere and decent sotryline. Waiting to see if they fix brainless AI, overlapping music, doors not closing properly and some graphical bugs.Things I really liked about the game were the theme music, the explosions and limb injuries are pretty nice with the slow-mo action . Also I found the game quite funny with some guys sitting on invisible chairs, guy standing after he was electrocuted, some scenes and the npc animation when they slip. Kudos for that!"
,Not Recommended,296830,14503539,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Fats,Game's not done. When they throw some patches at it and some work I think this will be really awesome.A real killer for me was how screwed saving and loading is in this.
76561198027236994,Recommended,296830,14641629,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,elikos1,"This is truly one of the most marvelous games I have ever played. The storyline is riveting from the beginning all the way to the final conflict.  You feel mesmerised by Lucius as he conducts his reign of death, There were so many ingenius tools and means by which Lucius conducted his business.You absolutely never got bored for even a second. The game is two chapters and they are both lengthy.You move from Hospitals to Research Facilities to exploring the dark town of Ludlow with many other distinct and original areas in between. The graphics were superb. It is extremely rare in this day and age to find a game that pushes the limits as this one does. At times outlandish and sometimes hilarious this game goes to the brink of well mannered society and bumps it up a notch. I like that. I like it a lot. People need to be challenged at times and this game certainly does that. Just the sheer number of different buildings and areas to explore was extraordinary! The creativity created for the death scenes was obviously well thought out. There were literally hundreds of different items that could be utilised to achieve the task at hand. I'm not sure anyone could really say enough about the storyline. It was absolutely a masterpiece from beginning to end. It blended together magnificently. I felt the character. I felt his mission. I understood the root core of his being. In conclusion,I would like to say to the developers; I certainly hope there will be a Lucius III. Also,leave Lucius as the young boy he was in your next addition. This one unique aspect seems to trademark this young fellow. We don't want to see him grow up. Also,consider giving him a voice to speak. I believe this would add tremendously to the next addition."
,Recommended,296830,14462310,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Vaughn Whiskey,I don't buy many games at regular price but once I found out that Lucius II was out I had to get it. The 1st one was amazing just for the concept of murder they offered. But the second one now offers so much more in that field and more. I know the game has alot of bugs and whatnot but I honestly couldn't stop playing/streaming this last night. I couldn't stop laughing at some of the ideas I came up with to dispatch the innocent aswell as those common bugs kicked in to provide hilarious rag doll effects.I know this game has just been released and will get the attention it needs from the DEVS but all in all Lucius II will warm your heart with cold murder.Vaughn Whiskey
,Not Recommended,296830,14558049,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,shinobu_loli,Fun but have a lot of BUG!!!!!!! and Stupid AI!!!
,Not Recommended,296830,14451494,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Paulinus,"Game feels a little unfinished. I guess it's kind of fun, but nowhere near as good as the first one. The UI is very bland and a big step back from the first game. The graphics have improved but the level design is kind of lame. If you didn't like Lucius,you definitely will not like Lucius II."
,Recommended,296830,22847116,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,shodan2020,"If you love playing ""bad"" games this one is pretty great. Pick it up on sale though.MURDER!"
76561198089788463,Recommended,296830,17439322,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Kaeby,I've killed people basically every way possible.666/10Would hail Satan again.
,Recommended,296830,21196756,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,benly,...
,Recommended,296830,19044415,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,rick n mort musical.ly fandom,0/10 too many prophecies not enough II's.
76561197980828688,Recommended,296830,14478795,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Izex,Fun game if you like killing lots of people. 7/10.
76561198024940079,Recommended,296830,23851158,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,the1emojimoviefam,FUUUUUUNNNNNNNYYYYYYY freeeddddddyyyyy
,Recommended,296830,14452689,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Alien Dude,"By the time this is writen then yes, the game is a bit buggy but for anyone who are fans of the first Lucius, Hitman, Manhunt or a ""horror"" game where you finally are the monster then i highly recommend this."
,Recommended,296830,14472196,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Robot Joe,BUGGY BUGGY FUN AS HECK MURDER SANDBOX
76561198133661171,Not Recommended,296830,29562421,Posted: 29 January,all,Mr Werky,wtf is this
76561198273780342,Not Recommended,296830,22506324,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Adrawn,I played for 17 minutes. I can only last that long.
76561198293853951,Not Recommended,296830,22503423,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,CCG Gaming,Lucius 1 was better with better controlls
,Recommended,296830,22847035,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Tidreit,The game is somewhat the better version to lucius 1.
,Recommended,296830,25559803,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,NoahGotStyle,There were sometimes bug but still this is a good game :D
76561198053371704,Not Recommended,296830,16036477,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,DRAGOFUCKINGNITE,eh
76561198103650166,Recommended,296830,16282300,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Saterbucks,Ummmmm every time i try to play it says Lucius 2 .exe has stopped working yghhh when i try to put the screen size on small the game goes all black and i can only hear audio
76561197973566172,Recommended,296830,14463199,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Cream Soda,Lucious Is an Amazing Game!Easily Just As Fun As the First! Its Deffo a 10/10 from meThere are great new ways to kill people new places to see and explore!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WMhBbNaamno
76561198003381569,Recommended,296830,14472629,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,valefor_sdad,Remember Hitman Blood Money?Remember how cool it was to kill inventively?This is that times 100 (actual number of potential victims).The game will change the way you look at donuts.Four thumbs up.That 48 score should really be 148    :)
76561198004337450,Recommended,296830,14459978,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Maus,"I've found a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥inside a locker inside a bathroom with a naked old man taking a shower and there was no acid around to clean my eyes, I almost got kidnapped by a pedophile offering candy to me and asking me if I want to follow him for some fun, I did kill him with a defibrilator, I've spend hours searching for a key to a very suspicious room with suspicious noises only to find 2 men practicing into things I cannot explain here because there are minors and all of this after just 1 hour of playtime, holy baby jesus protect us all. This game is worth it."
76561198077938980,Recommended,296830,14454941,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,TheTypicalGypo,2Spooky5Me666/666Would kill a nun again
76561198000710280,Not Recommended,296830,14473759,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,MonkeyHarris,a good attempt at triple A but its a buggy mess
,Not Recommended,296830,23153402,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,SerialTranny,I like Jerma
,Not Recommended,296830,34533839,Posted: 27 August,all,Daggsy,"TL;DR: gay.I don't mean that as in ""This is a bad game, it's so gay"" (although it IS a bad game), I mean it in a ""You'll probably enjoy this game more if you are a fan of male genitalia"".But... let's start with the animated cutscenes. I'm still not sure if the voice acting and animation is being intentionally bad for comedic effect, or if it is genuinely just poorly done. The sense of humour is kind of odd in this one, so it could be either to be honest. The voice acting is played straight and seems to want to be serious, but this is countered with craft paper-esque animation (complete with South Park Canadian jaw movements).It's a Unity game, so you know what to expect graphics-wise. Fine, but nothing special. Of course, this also brings oddness like people walking through doors, putting arms into walls in the non-animated cutscenes, bodies spazzing out on death and shooting into the air, items clipping out of reach into walls...Gameplay is like a watered down version of the early Hitman games. There are a variety of ways to kill people, which is actually pretty fun in itself, but absolutely no challenge at all. In fact, most of the time once you have the mind control skill (which you can unlock almost immediately), you may just find yourself starting a fire and marching people one by one into it and fuelling it to put the next one in until the level is empty. Stealth is virtually non-existent, anyone catching you in a 'restricted area' will briefly march after you and get bored almost immediately afterwards. There seems to be no real reason to 'hide' bodies as people will 'Panic' but not really do anything in particular other than run around.There are a lot of naked men in this game (whether this is a pro or a con is really down to you).Once you get into the more open areas later on in the game things feel somewhat more interesting, as the first chapter gets a bit samey after a while.No spoilers, but the ending literally just dumps you in an area where you have to go to the menu to quit out of it, which is an odd design choice. Seems... amateurish?The only way this is similar to the first game is the creativity of the deaths you can arrange. Lucius 1 was flawed, but it was better than this.I've went with ""Not recommended"" as I'd have wanted to go with a neutral and 'Recommended"" is too generous."
,Recommended,296830,14573350,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Snacks,"+ I get to kill people+ You get a tricycle+ Pills here!+ Allot of gore+ Funny easter eggs------------------------ Buggy rag dolls- Funky AI- Poopy story-line- Not so much creative, very repetitive- Horrible voice overs~~~ Overall Chips = 6/10 ~~~"
76561198121967341,Recommended,296830,14510367,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,oOkami,Controller support. Controller support. Controller support. Controller support.
76561198112669681,Not Recommended,296830,23275510,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Chef Blazer,not kek
76561198166794998,Recommended,296830,14474411,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,jprv,i just have one problem please message me if u have read this i dunno where to call a ride -_-
76561198089168636,Recommended,296830,14469130,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,DisasterRain,Someone really needs to call Sam and Dean Winchester
76561197992970282,Not Recommended,296830,14463150,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Denny Crane,"Denny Crane may be a Christian, but that doesn't mean I don't have thick skin. I have had to change my review based only what I have played so far. The ""cinematics"" seem cheap and as if placeholders. Sound is terribly mixed, with voices being overshadowed by other noises and music. Graphic bugs and my minor issues with the physics of the game, make this a work in progress. The first game was rough around the edge, but still polished. The sequel is at best an ""alpha"" version."
76561198213402016,Recommended,296830,31494662,Posted: 1 May,all,Mimmi (ง •_•)ง,nice
,Recommended,296830,14455391,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Hal 9000,Love it makes me want to dance also 666/666....................(Twinty mins later)   9 HA
,Recommended,296830,24777134,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Fiveros™,666 KIDDS 666
76561198289667831,Not Recommended,296830,28765511,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,The Chaser,I need my money back bad...
,Recommended,296830,14450895,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,ScottishGeek Plays,"Loving this game so far, a vast improvement over the original which I personally adored (one of my most viewed videos on YouTube was Lucius Part 5) My only issue with this one is the frame rate is kinda low but not horribly so, I wonder if it has something to do with my recording software running at the same time....will do a little research.Here is the first episode of the series for this, hope you lot enjoy this game as much as I have so far.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8hHyZ_J5oaE"
,Not Recommended,296830,22383888,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,happycarrot50,Meh 8/15
,Recommended,296830,14453183,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Cum_Waffles,"In this game I experienced more pain and fear than in all my years of masturbating with sand paper.10/10, feel the pain."
,Not Recommended,296830,14484063,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,chief,"This ♥♥♥♥ing game sucks♥♥♥♥♥ I wasted 5 hours of my ♥♥♥♥ing life playing this♥♥♥♥♥♥ This game can suck my♥♥♥♥♥♥ It was buggy and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ THAT STUPID GINGER ♥♥♥♥HEAD ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ DEMON PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥LEVEL IS BROKEN BEYOND REPAIR. DEVS HOW ♥♥♥♥ING DARE YOU RELEASE A ♥♥♥♥♥♥ GAME LIKE THIS. IT DISGUSTS ME. DEVS LIKE YOU MAKE ME SICK. ♥♥♥♥, ♥♥♥♥. ♥♥♥♥. ♥♥♥♥."
76561197998468232,Recommended,296830,14462461,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Alex,Do I like this game? Yes.Would I recommend this game? Yes.Is my PC now so bugged out that I've come to believe that it's possessed? Yes.Have I now hired an exorcist? Yes.
76561197978624503,Not Recommended,296830,26458319,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,-=[TsjuunTze]=-,Hate the first part so bad. I only bought Lucius II so i could say how much I hate it here.(and no it wasnt even on sale but you just NEED to know how bad this game is!)
,Recommended,296830,32285008,Posted: 8 June,all,fakdishitaymout,dis game suk ma dik
76561198104833984,Not Recommended,296830,32067191,Posted: 30 May,all,Ondskan,"Why not Chinese?I wanted to play, but I didn't understand the story"
,Not Recommended,296830,24785691,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,✯UncomfortableKing✯,"Satan is my father not yours, not accurate overall gay/10"
,Recommended,296830,14450939,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,MetaLele☝,Very nice game10/10
,Recommended,296830,14450723,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,thunderleg,Was caught by the JanitorRagdoll physics happened.10/10
,Recommended,296830,14450243,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Vernery,5/5
,Recommended,296830,24303933,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,「Makishima Shougo」,nice gameplayThe mother♥♥♥♥ing incredibly interesting storylinemuch easier than first partbut a lot of bugs
76561198194062673,Recommended,296830,24556123,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Alpha011,"I don't understand why so many people hate this game. I watched some let's play videos of this game and knew exactly what I was getting into. Yes the game has a few glitches (I had a floating man on the last level) and yes the story was a little lack luster but I felt that came from the narrators voice. So dull sounding and monotone.The gameplay however I felt was fun! It was a kill fest compared to the 1st game but this is Lucius 2, the boys powers are evolving so it would only make sense his mischievous murders would increase in number. Why waste his effort killing one person at a time? Many more ways to kill people and it actually makes you think. Combine certain items to create a bomb or a lethal weapon, not really a checklist of what you have to do to specifically kill an NPC. The choice is up to you.TLDR:All in all I enjoyed the game. Gameplay was fun and exploring the areas was different. Story was a little dull due to voice acting. There are some really weird glitches. Seriously, I once had an NPC burn to death and his burned body began to stand up and walk around in a circle where he died... messed up."
,Recommended,296830,32994386,Posted: 29 June,all,DVT,"Not bad, but liked more the first one"
,Recommended,296830,32612183,Posted: 21 June,all,Dakturis,"Its pretty bug ridden, but still a really fun concept and a fun game."
,Recommended,296830,33588918,Posted: 16 July,all,Rotten Feet,It's never a bad experience to be the Devil's son but in all honesty it needs a lot of polishing and a longer storyline.
,Recommended,296830,14524750,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Rogue Medic (JDS),"Disclaimer: This review has been deemed homophobic by some so please only read if you're willing to accept the fact that while it may be a tad offensive i have no problem with people exploring/enjoying their own sexuality! We're all people and we all have the right to live our lives how we want to. I have much love for ALL people!This game was partially broken on release but thankfully they've fixed it now :)So here's my NEW review!PROS:- Play as the ♥♥♥♥ing anti-christ!! EPIC!- Kill people in creative and horrific ways! AWESOME!- See 2 gay guys having sex in a hospital bathroom....Why isn't this a con?.. Because I threw a jug of slippery fluid on them (:O) and watched as one man fell down and the other one just kept humping the air until I threw a vial of acid into the room killing them both. GOOD TIMES!EDIT: This was NOT an enjoyable moment simply because I have any problem with homosexuality. It would have been just as fun if it'd been a man and a woman banging in the bathroom. But I must say that walking in on two guys was an epic curveball that made it that much funnier. Especially when the one guy just kept humping air. OMFG funny moment! And on top of that I applaud the developers for being open minded.- Rather than following a cookie cutter script like in Lucius 1, this game allows you to kill basically any person in the game in basically any way you can think of. So you can completely clear a level and kill everyone or you can just kill those who are targets. COOL!- People have actual♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and balls! Complete with physics! :O- Umm did I mention the killing??...CONS:- Meh graphics.- Meh Levels. (not as good as the first game IMO)- The story ♥♥♥♥ING SUCKS! At least in the first game they made a bit of an effort to make it feel like you really were playing the villain in a horror movie. And the cop investigating you was pretty decent too! Except I think he must've had a learning disability of sorts... But in Lucius II that cop sucks satan's♥♥♥♥♥♥(literally) in like the first 2 minutes of the poorly made cutscene and just joins Lucius' side on a ♥♥♥♥ing whim thus leaving you with no real opposition. Stupid idea on the dev's part in my opinion. PLUS the entire game feels like a ♥♥♥♥ing satire of itself! It's like the developers didn't even take it seriously so they figured ♥♥♥♥ it we'll just make it into a comedy. The first game was somewhat satirical as well but it also had some great horror elements. In a way this game just feels like a poorly executed joke with a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of blood and gore.- Buggy and awkward as hell at times!- Sometimes it's way too hard to kill people creatively so you'll fall back on the ol tried and true methods such as; Un-necessary defibrilation and poisoned donuts.- The first game felt a bit more solid and well made, this one feels like they subbed the contract out to some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ nameless korean sweatshop game-making company.SUMMARY:There is a lot about this game that sucks but honestly it's just not enough to make me not want to play it or reccommend it. Lucius 1 & 2 are truly unique and thus have a bit of a monopoly on the ""antichrist simulator"" market at the moment seeing as there really arent any other games like it. I'd really like to see the devs make a Lucius 3, but maybe actually take it a bit more seriously this time guys? It's not like it'd really be so morally reprehensible to make a game like this that doesn't play out like a ♥♥♥♥ing comedy. Sometimes It feels like developers are scared to make games like this that are serious and brutal because they'll be classified as monsters or some♥♥♥♥♥♥.. But in a world where people let their 10 year old children play GTA and Valve allows games like ""Hatred"" to sell on the steam store I'm pretty sure people can handle a ♥♥♥♥ing serious horror villain-protagonist type of game... All in all I'd reccomend Lucius 2 if you're a sick ♥♥♥♥ and it's on sale for at least 50% off."
,Recommended,296830,14519065,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,thesoundboy,"If you want a super pristine perfectly bugless game that takes care of everything for you, do not buy this game. HOWEVER, this game is a marvelous little whimsical oddity. The gameplay is very freeform, which makes it rather sloppy at times, but the potential for ""F___ YES!"" moments are everywhere. I still love the first one for it's super specific set-ups and micro-detail precision, but this one is much more straight up fun.PS, did you know the devil was a Catholic? The More You Know..."
,Recommended,296830,14515940,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Lewiso,"Great game, fun to play and its possible to replay the game without getting bored of it. However the stealth part of the game isnt as punishing as it should be, its pretty much impossible to get restrained for being in places you're not meant to because you can just run away. Nor do people call for help when they spot dead bodies etc. Would be much better if they would call police or security who come to investigate."
,Recommended,296830,29371052,Posted: 19 January,all,Reckless Leif,"Although it wasn't as good as the first one, but the story was pretty original. Still I prefer the first one over the second tho."
76561198006532464,Recommended,296830,28325273,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Skitzo,great improvement from part 1. simple but evil fun. 6/10
,Not Recommended,296830,30052837,Posted: 20 February,all,WhisperedEnvy,The game is to glitchy for me to play and i have all of my settings lowered.....
76561198257446976,Not Recommended,296830,30183699,Posted: 25 February,all,ProChoicePriest,"Lucius 2 was a great game in theory but awful in execution. I'm not sure if it was just my BRAND NEW laptop or if the game was actually glitchy as all hell but i think it was just the game. I like the whole omen-esk story line, but cant you make a game with better controls?!"
,Recommended,296830,21767741,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,ping pong ting tong,9/10
76561198354889867,Not Recommended,296830,32117049,Posted: 1 June,all,markpoluski123,Just terrible. It's not nearly as good as Lucius I. I thought it'd be good on account of the previous game but it's honestly just garbage.
,Recommended,296830,32193409,Posted: 5 June,all,SergioWinter,"Why always play the hero? In this game you are the bad guy, you are the son of the Devil and must cause chaos among the Earth, it remembers Hitman because of the murdering, but here your target is everyone. Original and fun, with decent graphics. I truly can't understand why so much people dislike this game."
76561198021777000,Not Recommended,296830,32356715,Posted: 11 June,all,Faze Montana,"Lucius 2 drew me in with the want for more after finishing the first game several times, and the sandbox nature of the game seemed like a perfect fit. After reading the reviews, I thought I was ready to look past the bugs. I wasn't. The tutorial glitched out on me, I had to disconnect my joystick because it broke the controls, and then the framerate dipped to single digits for no reason. I decided to play it safe and refund before exceeding the 2-hour-mark."
76561198076242577,Recommended,296830,33868422,Posted: 28 July,all,driftwood3,"The perfect pacifier, Till ManHunt 3 becomes a reality."
,Recommended,296830,33938629,Posted: 31 July,all,Eiggy,"Very fun murder sandbox, you have to think creatively , the game is short enough and varied enough so it does not get repetitive.There is a somewhat annoying amount of bugs to the game, but none of them are game brakeing, at least none that I encountered."
76561198219040425,Recommended,296830,33909719,Posted: 30 July,all,RobotMurloc,Lucius 2 >Lucius 1 JK i like both first one was  more of a movie  filled with puzzels in  the second one you make the kils how you want    how brutall you want them what weapons  but im cause im playing this game in 2017 but buy this good game and buy the first one tooo if you have the money or just buy what ever you want
,Recommended,296830,33903498,Posted: 30 July,all,PeepieyS,"Lucius II The Prophecy is a much more fun experience than the original , but its flaws are pretty obviousRate : 8/10"
76561198064826014,Recommended,296830,34990507,Posted: 16 September,all,Prezi2,"I honestly don't know what the negative reviews are for...I picked this game up for $2.99 and given that, it was worth the money. It doesn't play like an early access game, it just plays like a indie game made by a small developer, and that's actually what it is. The level design in the hospitals is simplistic and repetitive but as you progress through the game, the ways that you can kill get more creative and inventive. There are times in this game where glitches and lag get frustrating. When someone is panicking, and you kill them, their panic timer will still continue even when they're dead...TLDR; Honestly, there isn't much to complain about, it's $2.99, made by a small indie developer and it's decent enough. Buy it."
76561198125460160,Recommended,296830,35085507,Posted: 20 September,all,LuckyMax,Is it a good game? YesDoes it have an interesting story? YesAre there some bugs and/or glitches? ...i hope you have a lot of patience...
76561198246773246,Not Recommended,296830,34907758,Posted: 12 September,all,gamer  g r i l l,"I was a bit dissapointed with this game. I really liked Lucius 1, so I hoped I would enjoy Lucius 2 just as much. Sadly I didn't.I wouldn't say it's a horrible game, but it's way less fun than the first one.I couldn't really get into the story here, and the ways to kill people were different and less elaborate than in the first Lucius. In Lucius 1 you would get the backstory of every victim. You could often exploit their weaknesses and sometimes the kill would be fitting with how the person was. It gives a far more satisfying kill than just killing a random person.It's not a bad game, but don't expect that this game has the same feel as Lucius 1."
76561197968073802,Recommended,296830,35367940,Posted: 1 October,all,[LR] Laffi,"Before reading this review: Everything written under here is true, and I mean what I said. After restarting the game again, I had much more fun, because I knew the mechanics. I originally put this review as ""did not like the game/does not recommend"", but I want to change that to recommending it, but only for players who will play it more than once.This game probably had alot of ambitions to become a great game, but there are some things that ruins the entire experience. First of all. I did like this game in some sort of way after getting to understand how things worked, but I think that is the problem with the game in the first place.Starting the game, everything is really messed up, because you don't really know what you can do or not. I  realised that getting more skills, by KILLING PEOPLE, makes the game easier to progress in. My biggest problem was simply that it was hard to get people killed in the cool ways, because somehow it didn't always work. I wanted to blow someone up, I wanted to set someone on fire, or make em slip and fall on the floor, but it was complicated...I started killing everyone from level 3 and on, where I actually found ways to get it done, but it was alot of running around...and in the end most of them just got burnt in a fire. Shame that, because I bet there were so many other cool ways to kill em.As I said things doesn't always work properly, and the controls were extremely weird at the very last level. Things that worked before, didn't work then, and there was only one way to do complete it.The game got so much to offer, but I just think it there is absolutly something wrong with it. When I played the first game, you only got to kill one person per ""level"", but at least you had control over what was going on most of the time.So to sum up. Mechanics ruin the game, and it can be hard for someone that plays it the first time to understand.To end this review. I have no problem playing this game again, and I think the achievements are really cool. It makes it worth playing it more. I think that anyone that played this game for the 2nd time would have alot more fun than the first itme.Edit: I did and finished all achievements."
