user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198006652893,Recommended,296970,32084619,Posted: 31 May,all,MysticjonUK,"A really fun and suprisingly deep game. I'm a great fan of FTL and Darkest Dungeon. This is just as good, if not better than both of those. It also has that 'one more turn' feel of something like Civilization. and the risk vs reward mindset of another game i play - BloodBowl.It also feels a bit like an old game that i used to play on my original XBOX called 'Gladius' the combination of descision making in combat together with the number crunching for various task/challenges works great.Really enjoyable and just what i was looking for as a lighthearted inbetweener game."
76561198011891156,Recommended,296970,18389426,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Jargonaut,"Renowned Explorer (RE) is one of the very best game that I have played for the last 10 years, period :).I have about 300 games, and haven't felt so excited about a new game for such a long time --- perhaps the last time that I felt so excited was  as long as Civilization 1 in 1991.I normally play RPGs, but Renowned Explorer is in a Genre all by itself. It's radically different from the typical RPG or strategy games that I am family with.  Because it is so different, it took me a while to grasp and learn the basics of the game. In the end, after learning about the game, I begin to have great fun... and hundreds of hours on the game.The nice thing about RE is that the entire game campaign consists of 5 expeditions, and you can play it over and over again with different team setups. Different team captains have different super powers, and so, each game with a different captain usually require different strategy and even different playstyle, making in intriguing and interesting.Another nice thing about RE is that the development team offered to add additional contents and updates on a regular basis. So far they have already added quite a bit of new content. Such a commitment from a developing team is really commendable. Even with 276 hours played, I will still be playing this game whenever they add anything new.I am sure I will get MORE than my money's worth and highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,296970,17856834,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Traveller,"In my very first encounter, I encountered a pack of wolves.  I impressed them with my great intelligence, then insulted them.  They were confused by my mixed signals and ran away.  My most successful run was ended when a ghost pirate and his voodoo cultists were friendly and invited me to sit down for tea, and my crew felt that their vengeance against the Spanish was entirely reasonable and I should stop fighting.  My current game is more direct and is full of dashing gentlemen and fisticuffs.This is absolutely amazing.  Yes, the overland map is a lot like FTL--random events that are influenced by your party skills.  Combat is your standard hex based tactics game (even though it's not really hex shaped, which is neat).  Physical attacks work like normal, but speech attacks are a major part of the game, and so is control of emotions and mood.  If your enemy is using devious speech attacks but you are being friendly (they all deplete Spirit just like physical attacks), then you get defense bonuses from being the good guys.  If both sides are friendly, then both sides get a bonus if they are the first ones to go to physical attacks, stuff like that.  Takes about an hour or two to really get used to it, but then it feels natural.This game is pretty polished.  Not perfect, but it hits its mark pretty darn well.  Difficulty seems pretty well tuned, the first couple missions are easy but surviving to the end seems like a real challenge, much like FTL.  You can sit down for a couple hours and play a game or two and have them end in one sitting which is great, honestly...replayability seems high, and unlockables are present but a very minimal part of the experience.  Bugs are very minor and hard to spot.  It's really damn cool to be able to build a party that fights like something out of Monkey Island.All in all, heavily recommended."
,Recommended,296970,31392318,Posted: 27 April,all,nycgeoff,"It's a game that seems so simple, but the depth is amazing. I thought this would be a casual, 12 hour game, but two years later I am still going back to it. Some of that is due to the amazing community and the weekly challenges, and some is also due to the game getting two things exactly right: the tone and the balance. The game is light and fun, yet challenging, which is apparently difficult to pull off, since the other games I own rarely achieve it. Repeat playthroughs are a must.I recommend this game to my friends, but it's a hard sell for some reason. I'm here to tell you: buy ths game. Would that there were more like it out there."
76561198001670087,Not Recommended,296970,17949931,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Morilac,"This game was a big disappointment for me.There's a lot to like about this game! The combat is clever, challenging and fun. The encounters are well-written and full of flavor. The art and character design are lovely.The problem is that this an RPG about collecting artifacts... in which there are no long-term benefits to character development or artifact collection. The game inexplicably adopts the neo-Roguelike model that has been popular since FTL, where each `playthrough' is short, brutal, and random. After a few hours, you'll have found a handful of artifacts, leveled your characters around max level, and (most likely) died at the hands of a sudden difficulty spike or a series of bad rolls. Then you are back at the main menu, with nothing to show for your trouble except a slightly better understanding of the (fundamentally random) nature of the game.I could make some other criticisms as well. The amount of content seemed fairly small (there may be less than a dozen campaign maps), and randomness was a bigger factor than I'd like. These could both be issues for anyone interested in undertaking the challenge of getting `good' at this game.You may enjoy this game! If the idea of a cute archeaological FTL appeals to you, go for it!  If you want a casual adventure with any sense of accomplishment, do not buy this game."
,Recommended,296970,25242654,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,buticone,"This was definitely a good buy.  It has good replayability in the short term but once you've gone on every expedition three or four times it becomes a bit predictable.  Could do with some more randomization or better yet more content.  An extra handful of expeditions would be a welcome addition.Pros:-Upbeat, lighthearted tone.-Reminiscent of several fun cooperative board games I've played.-Good campaign length.  Not too long nor too short.-Good variety between characters.-Nice balance of intuitiveness for ease of play and complexity for challenge.Cons:-Loses replayibility in the long term."
,Recommended,296970,17922130,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Mozzillest,"One of my favorite new games of the year. I've always been interested in all the Indiana Jones, old mythos, and 19th century history, so this, naturally was an easy fit. But seriously, the game would be great without it. You get pretty attached to the characters you choose and in a lot of ways it feels like old world XCOM  - and yet completely refreshing.There are two legit cons you hear more than anything else:1) The game is too difficult2) It should be longerPersonally I think the first one is a little dumb. Yes, there is RNG, but there is also, again, brutal RNG in XCOM, and it's no more crazy than that. I feel like the problem with the RNG is that too many people think that this game is like FTL, when it's really more like XCOM. The RNG isn't in the encounter, it's in the success. If your soldier misses a 85% shot on a mutalisk, he will probably, brutally die, I think the adventure wheel is in the same vein. Even more than the combat, which again, feels very XCOM. I read Abbey Games saying that they were implementing a difficulty feature, which will probably help.The second complaint I wholeheartedly agree with. I would love this game with more goofy characters (or maybe an option to make and name your own character?), more areas to explore, longer quests, more treasure, more leveling up and all of that. I don't know how feasible it is, but maybe even open the game to modders in the future, because the template is all there, I would just love more.But overall the answer is, yes! You should absolutely purchase this game. It's very fun, it's got a lot to offer, and from what I've read, it sounds like Abbey is planning on adding more to the game over time. If you're a little hesistant now, I understand - but at least put it on your wishlist."
76561198019173178,Recommended,296970,31077778,Posted: 11 April,all,SilverAgeFan,"This game is a delight! It manages to tickle my imagination in the way that a good children's book can while capturing the pleasure of a well designed board game.The gameplay and mechanics are simple enough that a novice can complete the game easily within their first half-dozen attempts. But the high-end challenges nested within the game are enough to occupy any hardcore table top strategy gamer. The pacing at which these challenges unfold and reveal themselves to the player masterfully handled. And the Steam acheivements are well designed in that they help guide a gamer towards these challenges over time.Even more enjoyable than the gameplay is Renowned Explorers sense of narrative. Character specific and skill specific narratives have been woven throughout the game. These are so much fun to discover and follow through to completion.My only beef with the game related to the default settings. My first few playthroughs had the long combat animations turned on. I found these dragged out battles, making the game insufferably slow. Thankfully, the developers have made it so you can toggle these off. Once switched off, I find a full game, if successful, lasts about 1.5-2 hours. Considering the number of short indie titles & sometimes overly long civ-like strategy games in my library, I find that Renowned Explorers occupies a unique category and sweet spot in terms of the time commitment required versus the depth of play available.I absolutely recommend this title and its expansion, More to Explore, to anyone.One final note for families, this game is very wide in age appropriateness, offering good stuff for players aged 8 and plenty of fun stuff for any adults who enjoy good old fashioned adventure serials."
,Not Recommended,296970,21591135,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Reginald,"This game has great presentation. Pleasant artstyle, good music, very simple to get into.On the other had there is way too little content. It felt slightly repetitive on the third run (one run takes just a couple of hours) and at around fifth run I just couldn't find a reason to keep on playing.Combat system has an interesting twist to it, but didn't carry the game on it's own for me.Maybe on sale."
76561198002967531,Recommended,296970,18528183,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Varl,"A fantastic rogue-lite strategy game that's oozing with polish and charm.  To top it all off, the post-launch support for the game has been fantastic and there's even free content on the way.  I'm a huge fan of rogue-lites in general, and this is one of the best I've played in a while. Highly recommended to anyone who's a fan of FTL or similar style games."
,Recommended,296970,17851761,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,(YouTube)Dragnix,"Target Audience:Strategy fnas. Also, those wanting to be strategy fans.Summary:Board game lovers and traditional strategy game lovers will find enjoyment out of Renowned Explorers: International Society in more ways then one. Good balance and variety will allow for gameplay that has surprising depth despite it being very simple on the surface with its Rock, Paper, Scissors mechanics. The presentation works to a certain extent and the ability to customize your party and create different adventures is fun, especially if you get into your own immersion of giving the characters backstories on what has happened. Reasonable writing combined with gameplay you'll want to come back to makes a game that I really wish had a multiplayer element to it, but still works never the less.Gameplay Footage and Video Review:http://youtu.be/T2L6mmBnlbwLists:+:Addictive Strategy gameplay that's simple on the surface, but very complicated under the surface.Risk/Reward system is straight forward but makes you interested in those risks enough to go after them, but not overly powerful to give you too much of a boost.Like the twist on RPS mechanics with the mood system that can flip it on its head. Emotion system adds to the game and strategy and is easy enough for beginners to learn, but takes a while to master.Emotions system is awesome. Adds a lot of depth in battle.RPG mechanics allows for a lot of paths and a lot of replayability.Character designs are neat, and constructing a team of an old lady, a luchadora, and a magician was always appreciated.Presentation on the surface works in terms of creating a world that you truly feel like an explorer in.Straight forward choices with luck mechanics feels fair, balanced, and doesn't frustrate.Developers kept on adding content over time. Dedicated.-:Really wish there was a multiplayer element, because I felt like it would have really taken it to the next level in terms of a purchase.Trailer characterization of in-game characters doesn't play off in game like that, which is disappointing, as that's what drove me to it. I recognize that may have been hard to really do, but it is still disappointing in the end.Some more information could be more easily accessible when it comes down to it."
76561197977484071,Recommended,296970,29932380,Posted: 14 February,all,Severian,"Renowned Explorers (RE) is my kind of game:  quirky, unique, slow-paced, easy to snack on, and just variable enough to motivate repeated plays.  Which is not to say it's without some flaws.RE defies categorization.  You'll see it described as a ""rogue-like"" but I think that's a misnomer.  It certainly doesn't feel like one to me.  There's greater characterization and better narrative, and you have a distinct goal (win-condition) beyond just surviving for as long as possible.  Rather, it reminds me of big, theme-heavy adventure-RPG boardgames like Arkham/Eldritch Horror, Runebound, Fortune & Glory, etc.  Collect a party of heroes with different skill-sets, send them to unique locales where they will face challenges (i.e., skill checks) and gain experience & loot.  Then, level them up, buy better equipment, and set out for a tougher but more rewarding expedition.  GIven that I love boardgames, it's perhaps not surprising that I quite like RE.For brevity's sake, here's my quick list of pros and cons...Pros:1.  The length of a single ""campaign"" feels just right to me.  In order to win, you need to complete 5 expeditions - with the additional goal of accruing enough Renown to rank higher than all your competitors.  In actual playtime, this can take you around 1-3 hours (depending on how leisurely you are about shopping).  That's perfect for a relaxing Saturday morning with a cup of coffee.2.  There's a nice ebb and flow to RE.  You go on an expedition, which will involve ~7-15 ""encounters"" - some of which are battles and some of which are skill-checks.  You'll win most of your skill checks, but there's enough chance for failure that it's still tense when the RNG kicks in.  Combat is interesting and maybe a little muddled (more on that below), but you'll have only a few battles per expedition and, again, that feels just right.  Once the expedition is over, you fly back to London to spend research points, buy better equipment for your crew, and gather an entourage (which boost your ability to collect resources).  The back and forth between exploring and leveling feels great.3.  There's a fantastic selection of characters to choose from, and it's here where a lot of the replayability in RE comes from.  There are different classes that comes with different starting skills (scientists, scouts, etc.).  There are glass cannons and tanks and everything in between.  You'll want to try another run-through with an entirely different cast.  And these crews will largely determine how you approach combat:  with friendly diplomacy, devious emotional manipulation, or outright violence.  Once you learn the systems of the game, you can start seeing synergies and possible strategies (e.g., choose 3 characters with the ability to terrify and unlock the research tree that enhances the power of terror).4.  The difficulty seems tuned just right.  It's tough to win a campaign, but not so tough that you're discouraged and wondering if the designers are sadists.  It took me 3 play-throughs to win my first campaign on the ""classic"" (hard) difficulty.  It felt good winning and I thought that I had made a lot of solid decisions that helped me get that far.  After 15 hours of play, you'll be able to win most of the time unless you take big risks to try and max your renown.Cons:1. There's maybe not enough variability in the expeditions themselves.  I'm already a little tired of seeing the same locations and fighting the same bosses.  This game will really benefit from DLC and mini-content updates.2.  There's definitely not enough variability in the equipment.  I was disappointed to discover that shops always carry the same stuff, and it never varies between games.  That seems like a missed opportunity to make every run-through feel different.  As it is, I'm already finding myself gravitating towards the same items/build-order on each playthrough.3.  The combat is opaque at first - and once you discover how it works, I'm not sure if the added complexity is worth the price of admission.  It all depends on whether you're looking for another position-based tactical game (X-COM, etc.) or whether you're willing to try something new.  There's less emphasis on positioning and % hit-rate, and much more emphasis on trying to maximize damage output via manipulation of the innovative emotion system.  On your first couple playthroughs, you'll be largely confused about the variety of effects and modifiers - but if you persist, the tactical layers reveal themselves in a very satisfying fashion.Overall, I strongly recommend the game.  A great mix of adventure-RPG-tactical gameplay.  One of my favorite gaming experiences of the year so far."
,Recommended,296970,17856381,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,NinjaX,"Renowned Explorers: International Society is one of the most innovative turn based tactical game that I have ever played.You create a team of three explorers from an impressive roster of twenty. With that team, you go on semi-randomized expeditions to explore. The rewards you get depends on your team's talents.Combat in this game is fantastic. At first glance, it deceives you into thinking it's another tactical hex grid turn based combat. As you learn more, you will realize the combat involves multiple layers of strategy. It rewards skills and forward thinking. If you plan your moves ahead, you can put yourself into great positions. However, one fatal mistake can immediately punish you.After each expedition, using the rewards you recieved from your adventures, you can upgrade your team's equipments, research to gain bonuses, or hire an entourage of people to increase rewards for the future.All of these intricate mechanics are tied together wonderfully with a storytelling process that fits naturally. Your journey is presented with brilliant artworks, animations, along with clever writings to bring the world and characters to life.If you are interested in adventures, rogue-lite RPGs, turn based tactics or management simulations, this game should be right in your radar for your next purchase."
76561198031315595,Not Recommended,296970,19726237,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Detective Shinku,"Almost, but not quite.I really wanted to like this game...Roguelight? CheckNice visual style? CheckInteresting theme? CheckSounds promising right? Unfortunately I feel like Renowned Explorers is a case of almost but not quite, all of the elements of a great roguelike are here but it falls short in a number of different areas that ultimately resulted in the game leaving a sour taste in my mouth.I think my biggest issue with the game is the severe lack of content available to play with at the moment, in one playthrough you can visit the vast majority of explorable areas in one playthrough. The areas themselves are basically the same each playthrough except for a few minor RNG differnces. Seeing as one playthrough lasts for at most just under three hours there really isn't a lot to keep you coming back for more.If the game was in early access or in open beta this might be excusable but with only one new piece of DLC available since it's ""full release"" I could never reccomened this game at full price and would do so cautiously when it is on sale.My second issue with the game is that I feel it's a little to RNG heavy. I like a little randomness in my games as the next person but this game turns it up to eleven... the vast majority of your overworld interactions are going to be decided on the roll of a dice, and even the combat has fixed %chance to hit for some abilities. It's incredibly frustating to be completing the final expedition only for a 5% dice role to take away two resolve (basically life in this game) and end your playthrough.Renowned explorers does have a few interesting and well executed ideas though, for one thing whenever you click on a decision on the map with a percentage chance instead of just resolving, it brings up a spinner wheel. The simple addition of this spinner wheel adds a lot of tension into what is usually quite a mundane part of rougelikes. Another thing I thought was relatively well executed was the emotion combat system, which basically gave stat buffs or debuffs depending on how you chose to handle the encounter wether it be peacefully, deviously or agressively. This had it's own problems however, as to min-max in this game you basically have to optimise your encounters to one particular mood to get consistent benefits.I enjoyed my first couple of playthroughs of this game, but after I started to understand the game more and progress I became increasingly frustrated with the amount of luck compared to skill especially for someone not amasingly skilled at roguelikes. Overall I guess that's my overall opinion of this game, if you like the theme of this game and are really good at roguelikes and don't mind heavy RNG elements, great. For everyone else, go back to FTL or Dungeons of Dreadmore."
,Recommended,296970,18565337,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,ALT4R,"Ok guys and gals, masterpiece !This is one of the best game you'll find out there : many ways to play, rogue-like/rpg elements, Indiana Jones atmosphere and many archeology/ crypto-archeology themes. So many things to do and to discover !Not two playthroughts are the same, and the events are really fun. The combats are GREAT and possess a very unique gameplay (attacks can altere the mood of your crew/opponents, and damages can be as much physical than psychological, as you can play from a ""friendly"" crew which will be friends with vampires to cruel one killing sheeps).If you love that kind of game, you will love it. There is many difficulties and the game is really challenging. There is a free DLC coming this month. The admins are nice and listening to the players...What do you want more ? :o"
,Recommended,296970,31410515,Posted: 28 April,all,Lumberjack,"Renowned Explorers is so much fun and has a really high replay value. 20 different and really cool characters (with 4 more coming with the next expansion), which allows endless possibilities to create your team of 3 for the various challenges. And there are a lot of them. Played it for over 100 hours, and still have a lot to discover (and as already mentioned, with a new expansion coming). Definitely on my all time toplist of games to come back again and again. Highly recommended, should really get a lot more attention!"
,Recommended,296970,23408520,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Mr. Mint,"Very good game. It is a turn-based RPG that is essentially a very unique spin on Fire Emblem. There are three ways to combat your opponents in fights: Attacking, Friendliness, and Bullying. It sounds rather dumb but it's pretty charming to play with. The amount of times you do these actions can change their effectiveness as well as the other 2's in battle, implementing a Pokemon-esque weakness system that is dynamic. You assemble a crew of 3 people (remind you of a certain space-themed RPG?) and set out to explore interesting areas in a competition to become the world's most Renowned Explorer. In your travels there will be decision making (some of which activates a slot-machine type thing where there is a chance that you can fail/suceed), random events, and many other interesting occasions that will make every expedition charming and eventful.TL;DR this game takes Fire Emblem and adds on great elements from other RPGs such as Pokemon, FTL, Fallout (decision-making), and many more. An interesting, charming, replayable, polished, wonderful game and a must-buy for any Strategy/RPG fan."
76561198008463476,Recommended,296970,17886238,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,piddyx,"I find Renowned Explorers a fun and charming little game.  I reccomend it with reservations.The animation is well done.  The world is also fleshed out nicely and each level has a unique character.  It should be enjoyable for anyone who wants to lead their own ""league of extraordinary gentlemen"" on a treasure hunt.Now the reservations.  There are far too few levels.  I think that will harm the replay value of the game.  Also, there should be a manual or something, because there are many in game perks that are not defined.As of the first release, there are a few very minor bugs regarding the interface that will no doubt be fixed in the patch."
,Recommended,296970,17885445,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Appyo,An interesting take on the FTL esque exploration RPG genre (if there is such a thing?!) featuring a much deeper combat system than it would appear at first glance.The more you play the more you'll learn to love Renowned Explorers.Highly recommended!!
76561198006541362,Recommended,296970,18947813,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,stranger1982,"Part strategy, part adventure, part hex grid turn-based combat Renowned Explorers gives you control of three adventures of your choosing as you tackle expeditions around the world trying to be recognized as the best explorer in the International Society.The aforementioned mix of genres works quite well and makes Renowned Explorers a good game with lots to offer despite its lacking tutorial and somewhat repetitive nature.PROS:-nice comic book graphics-it's a pretty lighthearted game with funny encounters and dialogues-a good selection of different explorers with specializations and skills-light RPG elements (level up bonuses, equipment slots) help you develop your group as you see fit-procedurally generated levels help replay value-simple to learn but hard to master gameplay mechanics-several difficulty levels to choose from can give you a more relaxed or truly roguelike experience-if you like the genre and trying new adventuring groups you'll find a good amount of replay valueCONS:-the tutorial is ok when explaining the basic mechanics but fails to explain others properly leaving you trying to learn how some things work by trial and error-while they are procedurally generated there isn't a huge amount of different expeditions to choose from, so it can feel repetitive after a while-some difficulty spikes, especially around bosseshttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=550313248Renowned Explorers was a bit hard for me at the beginning, the tutorial leaves you a bit stranded and it took a bit to properly understand how the various moods/ actions worked during combat, its rock paper scissors take on strategic fights can feel overwhelming at first and you'll either need to try (and fail) a few times or read some guides before you're comfortable with it: the same goes for its somewhat intricate token system that represents the resources gathered from each expedition and how it interacts with your entourage choices.Once you're comfortable with it the game is truly fun and provides a good challenge, the fact you can choose a balanced team or one leaning more towards a certain interaction style ( aggressive, devious or friendly) will let you try different explorers to see how they do when faced with certain challenges and bosses: all things considered Renowned Explorers feels like a solo boardgame with somewhat complex but well oiled mechanics, one that rewards a deep knowledge of its design while giving you a good amount of freedom in how you decide to face its challenges.You can expect a few difficult encounters though, some bosses can especially be a bit aggravating due to their abilities or a constant stream of reinforcements, and if your team is weak against a certain opponent's attacks you'll have an even worse chance of winning: the other problem I see in the game is that the number of expeditions is somewhat limited, while the levels are randomly generated the enemies within and final bosses will largely stay the same so things can feel a bit too same-ish after a few playthroughs. I'd also point out that there's no persistent bonuses or character growth so each playthrough starts as a clean slate, this will be ok for some but others will be disappointed you have nothing to show or gain from your past adventures.All things considered Renowned Explorers is a very good game and an easy recommendation for lovers of the genre that don't mind taking the time to learn its mechanics and its reliance on repeated playthroughs."
,Not Recommended,296970,24957757,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,TseiCo,"The game has so much good (and potential) in it, that it almost hurts to not recommend it.But basically the game falls down in one crucial area: The combat. The combat that was supposed to be the one thing that gives the game it's edge. Despite all the hype, the combat isn't as complicated as one would think at first. Whenever I see an incoming combat on the map, my first reaction is the save and quit. The combat is too sluggish and takes too long, not to mention several other things I personally disliked, but are irrelevant here. And the system of different attack types isn't as good as advertised.And the maps are always the same. Period.""Procedurally generated"" IS a straight out lie. The maps are always the same, that always have the same key places in them. Some less meaningful places change places and content, but those things are too irrelevant to matter.Character customisation is almost non-existent. You may be able to buy a few items for your team here and there, but they really don't seem to matter all that much. Buying items for the tank is pointless, since all the enemies (almost) always spawns around your team and they always ignore the tank completely and run straight at your glasscannons. And buying more dmg for these glasscannons is pointless, because then bosses will one hit them.The game has one of the best, if not the best in-game manuals that I ever rememeber seeing (which is awesome, since I hate browsing through wikis to be able to play a game). And as I originally said, the game has so much good things going in it, but they all become irrelevant when the combat takes all the fun out of it.The negative tone here is probably due to me not being the correct audience for the game, at least considering the amount of positive reviews it has (I bought this after playing FTL, I'm guessing I was expecting a bit too much)."
,Recommended,296970,34537594,Posted: 27 August,all,Bugglesley,"This game is nonstop charm. It's like if FTL, XCOM, and a mid-90s PBS edutainment cartoon had a baby. The visuals are cohesive, bright, and fun. The characters and writing are all cheeky and well done. The gameplay itself is pretty straightforward to pick up, yet has a suprising amount of depth. There are a dizzying amount of branching paths that the game can take every time you replay it, while managing to mostly avoid the feeling of RNG unfairness that procedurally generated roguelikes can--especially since most variation is based on choices you made.Can't recommend highly enough. Goofy fun on the easier difficulty levels (especially as you see each area and the zillions of unique challenges/encounters for the first time), complex and interesting later on as you use what you know to craft specific strategies tailored to following a particular path. The Emperor's Challenge adds a whole new dimension, as you can get thrown repeated curveballs that can shake up your strategy and keep the game from falling into the rut of ""find winning strategy, put it together to win every time.""Great little game. Deserves more attention."
,Recommended,296970,17854849,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Fonjo,"This is a really solid game.When I first started playing, I thought it was going to be a pretty simple experience but was proven wrong pretty quickly.Combat has several levels of depth and I discovered that not paying attention to the mood of the combat will quickly turn things against you as you progress.This is a good game.  You should buy it."
,Recommended,296970,17871685,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Ziel,"I have been keeping an eye of for this game and immediately got my hands on it at launch, and I'm definitely impressed by and really enjoying the game so far.This game is a worthy spiritual successor towards cult classics XCOM and FTL. Beautiful trademark hand-drawn graphics, surprisingly deep tactical gameplay, rich and thoughtful strategic decisions to make, and a fantastic setting and story really sets this apart from other similar games in this genre. What makes RE:IS amazing is how creatively and seamlessly it combines different elements into one smooth gameplay.Easily an indie strategy Game of the Year serious contender!"
,Recommended,296970,25254755,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Lowlight,"This game was the gem of the previous Steam Sale for me. You know, that game you take a chance on and end up playing more than anything else you bought?Part boardgame, part party management RPG, part tactical strategy, part (optional) roguelike, and all of these elements (which mesh extremely well) wrapped in a charming and effective artstyle with clever writing. Your combat and adventure approaches will be dictated by your party makeup, which is chosen prior to the start of the game from a variety of options. Depending on the skills of each, your approach will differ each game, making for a highly replayable game. Want to seduce every enemy that comes your way instead of shooting/ clubbing them? There are options for that. This game also has a large and diverse set of achievements, which I personally like.I also recommend the expansion, but if you want to test the base game first you can always add it for an additional playthrough (which you will want to have several of just to see the additional content.) This one is worth taking a risk on, even at full price."
76561198007579261,Recommended,296970,17895128,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Bomoo,"Like this studio's earlier game Reus, Renowned Explorers is a very unique design that isn't quite like any other game out there. Connoisseurs might detect a dash of XCom and Civ 5, but RE deftly incorporates these ""flavours"" into its own without the effect feeling derivative. Highly attractive and charming presentation, smart design, deep game systems, challenging encounters that reward mastery of these systems, put together with roguelike characteristics like map randomization and an Ironman save structure, and you've got a winner on your hands.Edit: I would like to briefly add that recent updates have smoothed out the previously mentioned difficulty spikes in a very satisfactory way. The game is now a true gem I would not hesitate to warmly recommend to anyone interested in turn-based tactical games or adventure roguelikes. Pick this one up!There are currently some issues with game balance in the boss encounters, but the developers have communicated they're aware of them, and plan to support and expand the game in the future. So yes, even with this cloud in an otherwise clear sky, I would venture to warmly recommend this game."
,Recommended,296970,17860111,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Mad Dog Torx,"I had high hopes for Abbey Games' follow up to Reus, Renowned Explorers, and they certainly haven't disappointed! I love the writing, the quality of the gameplay, and scope for replay.The mood encounter system is innovative and I'm excited about learning more about the game.How many games let you beat the devious mobsters by being friendly (effectively persuading them that your cause is better) before finding a dinosaur fossil?Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,296970,26379621,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Moon Wolf,"To be honest, this game is extremely underrated.It was on sale and I was looking for something to spend my last money on. I have never been a fan of strategy games until I found this one and I'm having so much fun playing with different combinations and having many stories to discover."
,Recommended,296970,23364255,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Kim Jong Il,"Well, all i can say is that i am pleasantly surprised! the concept of exploration grabbed me, but then i was put off by the cartoony graphics and turn based combat...however, it came on sale, and i impulse bought it based on the price and the positive reviews. I am in a phase where most games bore me, and I struggle to find a game that breaks the mould and delivers good gameplay with replayability....and this little gem did just that. i'm hooked!+ new concept/story line, unlike most recycled crap these days+addicting gameplay+ moments of hillarity+many unique team members to choose from+great ""chose your own adventure"" concept blended in to some scenarios+tutorial quick and easy, simple game to understand and just get stuck in to playing- when you lose battles, the only options are restart battles, or forfeit entire expedition, with no possibility of cancelling the battle. hate it when you get to the final boss on some of the hard missions and then you cant win it, and have to give up on all of your hard work in the last 4 expeditions.overall, i'd rate this a 8 or 9 / 10!- this is not a genre i usually go for, but the fact it's kept me hooked is worth mentioning!"
,Recommended,296970,31904960,Posted: 22 May,all,Introverted Giant,"Renowned Explorers is an Exploration game with a Choose Your Own Adventure style story and Tactical Combat. I like it very much and it ""feels"" almost like FTL (exploration) mashed up with Civ V (Tactical Combat, Multiple Paths to Victory) to me, but is unique enough to stand as its own thing.The game is played by choosing a location to explore, traveling from node to node while managing your supplies and trying to get the most rewards out of a location before heading to the final confrontation. Sometimes a thing just happens and you get a reward, sometimes you have a challenge which you must pick a charecter and roll on the adventure wheel for success with a higher chance of success based on that charecters skills and the choices youve made, sometimes you must face combat which can be resolved in one of three ways: Aggressive, Friendly or Devious. Ultimatly you are looking for treasure and rewards which also help to make you stronger for future expiditions. After 5 sussecsful expiditions the game completes and if you managed to get enough Renown you win the game. If your resolve ever runs out or all your charecters fall in battle you lose the game.It can sound very complicated but you can freely play on lower difficulties without having to master all the systems. Also the higher risks you take in the game the greater the rewards you get, but it is entirely possible to win by playing it safe. Renowned Explorers is very fun for me and I would reccomend everyone to try it out if it sounds appealing to you."
76561198050915318,Recommended,296970,34184973,Posted: 11 August,all,bfandreas,This game is massively underrated.The combat is much more complex than it looks at first look. The strategic portions are fairly complex. The discovery part requires risk assessment. It is highly replayable and the play sessions have exactly the right length.It also is massively fun. And I have been returning back to this game from time to time.Charm sheep! Intimidate the locals! Nick their treasure! Be mean to Dracula!
76561198166837346,Recommended,296970,32775469,Posted: 25 June,all,mikegermanovt,"Renowned Explorers is the perfect game for me.  It plays on two main levels, the expeditions where you travel around a local map and fight and try your hand at various challenges, and then the between expedition sections, where you supply your team and research.  Similar to Darkest Dungeon in that respect, it has a similar difficulty, but the presentation makes it much more fun to play.  You can play through it in a sitting or two, and the multiple options for crew members and expedition locations give you a lot of replayability, and the new expansions have given it even more.  I can't recommend enough that more people play this game."
76561198106641520,Recommended,296970,17962539,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Mr Moo,"I've gone through a whole range of emotions with this game. Started out loving it; it's charming, quirky and deeply engaging. Then I got wiped out several times by seemingly impossibly encounters, and became disheartened. Yes, boss fights can be horrible, and the RNG can be your worst enemy. But I stuck with it, and gradually learned how to be better at it. I've had a lot of fun trying different combinations of crew members and figuring out when to take risks, when to play safe, how to prepare the crew in between adventures and plan ahead, and how to be more effective in encounters.There was a time that I found level 3 expeditions impossible, but I improved. There was a time I thought Shangri-la - the level 5 expedition - was literally impossible. It didn't matter; you can play the game to its conclusion and even 'win' without going there. But I finally beat it for the first time tonight - with a little luck along the way to be sure, but also because after 40+ hours of play I eventually had a fair idea of what I was doing. That moment when I beat the final boss after systematically defeating each of his annoying lieutenants was one of the most rewarding gaming experiences I've had for a very long time.The game isn't perfect, there are a few minor bugs (mainly missing or incorrect text in a few places), some things that could be better explained, and I'd like some of the randomness to be toned down a little. Though, not too much, as it helps make each playthrough unique and not too predictable. But for the most part I love this game. It's a great idea, immersive and fun, and rewards putting in the effort to really learn how it works. I can't wait for new expedition maps to be released, however even without them I feel as though there's still a lot to do. There are plenty of treasures I haven't yet found, different crew combinations to try out, and I'm looking forward to many more playthroughs to come.Definitely recommended."
76561198042524268,Recommended,296970,30030714,Posted: 19 February,all,Jeronimo!,"Renowned Explorers: International Society is a humorous choose your own adventure style strategy game with rogue-like and RPG elements such as inventory management, turn based combat, dialogue choices, and unique character upgrades/skill trees. The game is set in a vibrant and quirky version of the late 19th century where both magic and quasi-steampunk technology abound, making for an incredibly colorful and interesting world full of weird and wonderful people and places to discover. It is well written, thoroughly enjoyable to play, and suitable for all ages.The goal of the game is to achieve the title of ""Most Renowned Explorer"" by assembling a team of intrepid adventurers for the purpose of collecting treasures from various exotic locations around the globe. Each location has its own set of mysteries and treasures to uncover, and every character has his or her own individual backstory and unique personality that can affect their synergy with other characters, your interactions with the environment, and thus your overall chances of success. The team you choose and the decisions you make along the way will determine whether or not you rise to unprecendented heights of fame and glory, or fade into total obscurity... or worse.The game also features an innovative turn-based combat system that incorporates emotion and mood into the tactical gameplay, allowing for battles to be resolved peacefully as well as by the usual violent means. The result is a 'rock, paper, scissors' style element to fighting that adds quite a lot more depth to combat than the standard RPG fare of merely switching between physical attacks and magic attacks. Choosing to resolve certain conflicts with a particular method can even unlock new dialogue and treasure-hunting opportunities, which makes having to choose between a well rounded team and a highly specialized one all the more compelling.In conclusion, I highly recommend this title to anyone looking for a truly one of a kind, lighthearted, and endlessly replayable adventure/resource management/strategy game in the spirit of FTL: Faster Than Light or Reus. An instant classic, in my opinion, and one made even better with the addition of the DLC.10/10P.S. If you do purchase the game, be sure to check out the weekly challenges hosted on the RE:IS Steam forum for fun stories, friendly competition and lots of extra replay value! :)"
,Recommended,296970,18736717,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Duck Blur,"An amazing combination of RPG, tactical, and rogue-like elements all spun together with a unique and completely unexpected charm. Instead of writing a giant essay of a review, I'll just tell you that if the gameplay from the store page looks even a little interesting, then buy it. If not now, then at the next Steam Sale; you won't regret giving it a chance.My one complaint would be the low location count. The number in at the time of this review (8 choices) is perfectly fine for several playthroughs, but there are so many things that I want to try in this game that as I explore those other aspects, these maps start to feel too familiar. Hopefully there is DLC coming to fix this - I would buy it in a heartbeat."
,Recommended,296970,30765464,Posted: 26 March,all,TheDContinuum,"I seduced a nun, got spat on by a llama, fought Charles Darwin riding a dinosaur, and made grown men cry. 1000/10But if you need more of a reason to buy this game, here's the breakdown: you play as a group of explorers, traveling the world, earning status and money while doing research, collecting treasures, and all around making a nuisance of yourself. It's a turn-based strategy game with a really interesting mechanic: moods and attitudes. Each side of the battle (you vs. them) each have one of three attitudes (friendly, devious and aggressive), and the combination of your attitude and the enemy's creates an overall mood (ex. hostile = both parties aggressive or persuasive = you friendly and them devious). Each mood has bonuses or penalties, and there's a rock-paper-scissors system so you know which way to shift your attitude to get the bonuses and avoid the penalties. (Friendly beats devious, devious beats aggressive, aggressive beats friendly.) You win battles with your built-in powers. There is some overlap between characters on the powers, but not a lot. There are area attacks, line attacks, and single-target attacks, and by default every character has one attack from each attitude, plus some bonus ones that fit their own personal strengths and personalities. (Yes, seduce is an attack you can actually use, and no, it's not gender specific). It's good for all kinds of different playstyles.But that's just the battles!The other main part of the game is exploring. You have 5 expeditions to a campaign (you can do more after that, but most of the achievements are turned off for anything past 5). Each expedition puts you on an island with tons of people to interact with, and depending on which three characters you have in your party, the outcomes can change. Ex. If you don't have a character with a high enough level in archaeology you won't find a really cool thingamajig, or there is one boss I didn't even realize I hadn't actually faced because I couldn't get past the skill checks to fight him. The options are basically things like ""This person needs food. Help this person out (Lose 1 supplies. Reward: Gain status)"" or ""Help them out, but for a price (Lose 1 supplies. Reward: Gain 1 Collect)"" or ""Don't help them and move on."" You can also do things like punch people in the face and start a fight, decide which people to send on supply runs, whether to skip a fight at the cost of supplies, etc. Your choices often require a spin of a chance wheel, with your various applicable skills increasing your percentage chance. Certain islands/areas that you travel to will have research, money, or status collectibles, each of which will help your party gain renown and come out on top in the eyes of the Renowned Explorer: International Society and beat your rival. There are also treasures you collect, which have special one-time or permanent bonuses (if you get the DLC you get to choose the bonuses from a list), which add to your renown.There are also a ton of difficulty levels: easy, normal, classic, and impossible. Easy might make the battles easier, but I've still died plenty of times, and after 100 hours of play (including the DLC), I still haven't found all the treasures. In addition to the difficulty, there are two ways to play: Discovery mode (where you can restart a battle if you kill your party or run out of ""resolve,"" which you can also collect), and Adventure mode, which makes it more like a Roguelike with no restarts. There are also TONS of achievements for both modes, and there are 20 achievement for winning the game with each of 20 characters in any mode and then 20 more for doing it with each of them in adventure mode, so there's going to be a lot of replays if you want to go to 100%.Overall:Pros:+Great art.+Adaptive music. Much of the music repeats, but it's adaptive, and will become more aggressive when the mood changes or more laid back when the mood drops back to more friendly terms.+ TONS of depth. Playing with just one different character in your party can open up new avenues for the same interaction. Finishing a battle with a different attitude can give you different treasures, or open up new avenues of exploration like hints to hidden treasure.+ Skill upgrades. Each character comes with a few built-in skills, which you can upgrade. Your character can be super amazing at one skill, or multi-talented in a bunch.+ Items to purchase! Items give attack bonuses, defense, or additional skills. You have to upgrade shops with money to get better items, but items come with really good bonuses or tons of extra skills.+ Entourages. You can spend status points to gain helpers and specialists who give you bonuses in research, collect, and status.+ Research trees! Spend research points to collect renown faster, get bonuses for ending battles with a certain attitude, get extra skills, etc.+ Unique characters! 4 classes, 5 different characters in each class, all with different weapons, behaviors, skills, homelands, an designs. No photocopied characters here. There's even more background to them in the DLC. Personality traits even affect your choices in interactions. Ex. A greedy character in your party will, in one case, go back for more treasure and decrease your chance to escape through a closing tomb door in time.+ Your choices matter! You can only go on 5 expeditions. The first one is chosen at random, then you have your choice of 2-3 new expeditions, then after that one you have 2-3 additional choices, etc. So although there are a limited number of choices, you can decide whether to play it safe and explore only easy islands, or go for the big rewards and go for the hardest ones. Some of the expeditions are suited to different types of parties or attitudes (aggressive, devious or aggressive), or they may be tempting because they are high in money, or research, or status. Once you're on an island, you have a limited amount of supplies, so you can't search everywhere for treasure without getting serious penalties for the boss battle. Luckily, each spot is labeled with all the possible types of events that could happen there, so you have a hint of what may come, and can plan your route accordingly.+ DLC is great. There should be another one coming out eventually, but the current one has two new expeditions (with tons of treasures and new mechanics, plus Charles Darwin riding a raptor). There are also collectible campfire stories to get more bonuses, skills, and backstory for your crew. These campfire stories do make it easier to beat the game without dying quite so much.+ Great sound design. Characters don't talk, but they do make Sims-esque, barely intelligble noises during battle that are great.+ TONS of achievements.+ Interesting fight mechanics (see earlier)Neutral:~ Great variety of difficulty settings, but even easy is not free of death or total party death.~ Some people might get bored by the lack of a long campaign. Just 5 expeditions and the game is *basically* over and you have to restart, and there aren't a ton of different exhibitions. I've played 117 hours thus far, so it doesn't bother me.~ A lot of reading. It's nice that you can cycle through it really fast, and it has great flavor to it, and sometimes hints as to what choice to make for which outcome, but I skip it most of the time and just look at the choices. It often means missing vital information.Cons:- You can't move after you attack? What the hell?You will collect a metric sh*t-ton of stuff. You will murder friendly sheep. You will slap people. Dinosaurs will wiggle their butts at you in taunting. Scotsmen will punch you. You can die via friendly thumbs-up. Just play this game. It is fun. It will make you smile. If it doesn't, you are dead inside."
,Recommended,296970,17872091,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Chronovore,"Another fantastic game from Abbey Games!  I was completely addicted to Reus and this game is entertaining in many of the same ways.  The replayability is great.  The unique combat system is superb.  The collection mechanic is addictive.  The characters are fun, diverse, and appealing.  I love the art style."
76561198054382565,Recommended,296970,25271340,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,ZKingOdin,"One of my favorite Steam Games.What is it?Renowned Explorers is a glorified board game. There are plenty of BoardGames that currently have a large amount of these mechanics, that this game has. The only difference is the computer tracks all the information, no 1+ hour worth of setting up the game, no need to do a ton of math to determine your end game score.How much is this game like a board game?(1) The combat(2) The traveling(3) The random encounters(4) The skill tree character building(5) The limited type of currencies(6) The end game scoring systemAnd More.All of these and more are almost the exact same mechanics I have found in board games that I have played.You essentially pick/create a team & you explorer. You have random encounters, random events, obtain random currency, of course your options are limited as to what you can & cannot do.There is a small learning curve to the game.The game isn't fast, it is a nice pace.The action turn based."
,Recommended,296970,28759668,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Tam Lynn,"This game was an instant favourite of mine and it still is. Usually I buy a game, get lost in it for a while and then don't touch it again for months. This isn't the case with Renowned Explorers, so I'm going to tell you why it seems to be a perfect game for me and why you will love it, at least if our gaming preferences are similar.It's easy to learn. You can get started right away, the tutorial blends in nicely with the campaign and is not too long. Also, if you don't play for a few weeks you won't have forgotten how to play or where you were in your campaign. The combat system is very creative and cute, easy enough to learn but you can play it the hard way if you want to. Replayability is high because of the many different ways you can build your team and the different approaches you can take. Since the expeditions are slightly randomized you can visit them again and again, with different teams and different approaches. It comes as a cute clicking game, but has actual depth and demands you have a plan and some tactics.The graphics are absolutely cute, I love all the explorers, the other characters and the little animations of their attacks. It's varied and funny. This one time I insulted a nun and she got really sad. This game fulfiils my childhood dream of becoming a celebrated explorer and my adulthood dream of insulting random people.The first DLC did not only bring new expeditions, but new mechanics as well, it's definitely worth the price. I hope the developers will continue to enrich this great game."
,Recommended,296970,30067483,Posted: 20 February,all,Zombra,"Wonderful game, a joy to play.Hand pick your team of 3 from 20 colorful fighters, scientists, diplomats, and scouts with a wide variety of backgrounds and abilities.  Explore mysterious maps and overcome both text-based skill check challenges and turn-based combat.  Use charm, guile, sheer brute force, or any combination to win over, scare off, or pulverize your enemies as you search for treasure, gather resources and, most importantly, work to uncover the mysteries of the lost world.  But be ready for anything - relying too much on a single strategy will leave you wide open against its ""rock, paper, scissors"" vulnerability.Did you play FTL?  Of course you did.Renowned Explorershas a very similar structure, in which each expedition is like a ""sector"".  There are numerous points of interest and limited supplies, forcing you to carefully manage where your explorations take you.A new addition to the formula is the downtime between expeditions.  Return to London, write research papers, shop for better equipment, gain an entourage, share your findings with prestigious universities.  Fine tune your team to optimize for your particular goals.  (Example: my first team was led by a scientist, and geared towards collecting research, gathering followers and unlocking buffs to magnify the rewards from scientific challenges.)RPG elements are not fantastically deep, but satisfy quite well enough in context.  Like FTL, this is a game made to buzz through half a dozen adventures, build up to a final tough confrontation, roll credits and start again with a new team and/or on a higher difficulty.Just about worth it full price, a no-brainer on sale.  Play it!"
,Recommended,296970,31500438,Posted: 1 May,all,Digikomori,"You are the leader of a plucky team of wayward adventurers, exploring the world in the name of... profit, science, or simply fame, the choice is yours. Diplomacy and trickery can be your weapons, or you can achieve victory through your honest and cheerful demeanor, but as a last resort shooting everything that moves is always an option.A wide variety of tintin-esque action-serial adventures await you on the far flung reaches of the globe, but the clock is ticking and you have to balance resource constraints against your limited time, and weigh risky but profitable ventures against safer alternatives. Success means the cherished Adventurer of the Year trophy, failure, and you are but a side-note in the annals of history.The production values are very high, the cast of characters rich and diverse, the missions plentiful and entertaining, and the combat system well rounded. Frankly, there's not much about this game I don't like.What makes this game great:* relatively short playthroughs, with huge replay value* progression doesn't depend on how many mobs you kill* just the right amount of randomization to keep things fresh* nails the victorian-steampunk-explorer vibe* chill soundtrackWhat's holding it back:* another dlc pack with more expeditions would be awesome* lacks internationalization (but if you can read this you likely don't care)"
,Recommended,296970,18594447,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Val,"Pros:- Can seduce sheep- Can insult grandmothers- Can incur ancient curses- And much, much more...Cons- Your fate is in the hands of the Wheel of The Price is Death10/10 would explore again"
,Recommended,296970,17860510,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,.ℓυℓυ,"Wow!!!!This is a fun little game which I enjoy a lot. It is fun, witty, challenging sometimes ( most of the time in later stages though :P ) . Each character has their own unique ablilities, strength and weakness etc. I find them all of them to be different and charming.Fortune wheel always gets me praying for the landing on the good ones and random encounters are fun fun fun.All of the good things make this little game worth to play and I don't know why I feel happy when achievement notifactions show up at the end of expecations lol . So much achievements to unlock and I find it pretty cool.All in all, I love this game but I experience some laggings from here and there. Other than that, I think this game is cute, funny and enjoyable !! ^_^"
76561198009125902,Not Recommended,296970,23413136,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Usualfool,"SUMMARY:  This is a pretty good casual game if that's what you want and if you don't pay full price.  (Luckily I got it on sale, but even at half off retail I think I paid too much and am disappointed.)This game has a lot going for it, but it's terribly important to know certain things about it before spending money on it.  With that in mind, I'm putting the CONS list first.CONS:... Staggeringly short.  I tend to take my time, but in less than 10 hours I've started four playthroughs and beaten the game twice on the standard difficulty (classic difficulty, no saves, permadeath).  You get to go on 5 expeditions, most of which are limited by supplies to about 10-12 moves.  (I'm generalizing; there are ways to make individual expeditions last SLIGHTLY longer.)  The first of the five is chosen for you, and is also shorter than the rest (about 7 moves).... Repetitive.  There are very few expedition options.  They prompt you what sort of things you can expect to face and find, and it frequently happens that there are no good options for a party's strengths or an expedition's needs.  Also, while each one is partially randomized, the draw pool is small and I got the same ""random"" scenarios multiple times.  The network of possible moves changes, the rewards change, but the bulk of each expedition stays the same each playthrough.... Limited.  You pick three explorers from the provided 20.  There's a degree of diversity between them, but most of it is in hidden features that may or may not even matter.  (My wrestler was devout, which mattered in exactly one conversation option.)  My friendly gold obsessed party with the Scout captain was functionally identical to my aggressive research obsessed party with the Scientist captain.  There are obvious gaps, like characters who are glass cannons and fit in a certain sort of party, but without sturdy characters to defend them who also fit in that sort of party.  Each character has a couple of options in encounters, but it's pretty common for disimilar characters to have exactly the same attacks, so everyone plays pretty close to the same.  Each character can also be upgraded slightly (you get one of two options at each level, and I commonly finished with character at level 4), but a lot of the options are minor and there's no way to level up in the field.  There's a research tree with six small branches, but you can only choose from two of them at first, so most of the ""options"" won't have time to affect much, assuming you devote enough time to Research to unlock any of them at all.  There's equipment to buy, and its very important, but there aren't real choices about it, so gold is mostly the illusion of a mechanic.  There are followers to hire, but they do minor things that you may not even notice unless you invest a lot in them, at which point they only provide their marginal effect on your last expedition.  In short, so much of the game felt like discovering that a lake is really a puddle.  It's broad and looks refreshing, but it's too shallow to do much in....Vague.  A lot of information could be useful, but isn't available anywhere.  Monster attacks are the most typical example of this.  Fights involve a lot of splashy (and whimsical) pictures that mean nearly nothing, combined with wildly unpredictable attack strength and a bevy of ignorably irrelevant status effects.  Perks are similar.  It isn't uncommon that you'll get to choose new perks, not knowing if or how those perks will help you.  My favorite is choosing between two perks of the same type, each with a stylish but vapid name.  How are they different?  They probably aren't.PROS:... Interesting concept implemented well.  I really liked the entire exploration idea, and the game is built on it from top to bottom.  Everything works together to point back to that central conceit: stepping out on adventures into the mysterious unknown.... Interesting mechanics.  The game has some really unique combat mechanics--(attack types, approach types, moods, feelings)--which are challenging but rewarding to manage.  The best of these is the encounter outcomes, trying to resolve an encounter in a friendly, devious, or aggressive manner to achieve different rewards.... Solid platform.  I haven't encountered a single bug.... Whimsical atmosphere.  Everything from the art design to the quests is pretty lighthearted."
,Recommended,296970,17879582,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Planeforger,"This game is fantastic.Set in a cartoonish world of gentlemen explorers, Renowned Explorers plays like a wacky mix between Faster Than Light and Arkham Horror. You assemble a trio of explorers from a range of options (scientists, scouts, fighters or diplomats) who all have different personalities (aggressive, deceptive or peaceful), animations, and a ton of different skills and talents. You then travel the globe going on adventures, encountering treasures and bizarre situations at every turn. You're constantly pushing your luck in the hope that your specialisations will lead to better results - leading to a really engaging risk/reward system, tense dilemmas, and hilarious deaths. Between explorations you can spend your gold, research, influence and renown on an in-depth party-wide upgrade system.On top of all this, Renowned Explorers features a fully-fledged turn-based tactical 'combat' system...which doesn't always involve actual combat. Sure, sometimes you might be shooting nuns in the hopes of stealing their treasure, but more often than not, you're humiliating Scottish farmers or placating angry sheep. It's weird, it's wonderful, and it's very very stylish.With a ton of achievements and unlockables, many random scenarios to explore, and a challenging leaderboard to top, I could see this one giving a *lot* of fun playtime. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,296970,17899206,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,MelficeOne,"Are you a fan of the Indiana Jones Trilogy? Ever wanted to scurry ruins for ancient treasures?Then stop right there, I have to show you a piece that belongs in a MuseumRenowed Explorers is a Roguelike-ish mix of Strategy RPG, Choose your own Adventure Book and planning sim from the Makers of Reus, a definitely wonderful god-Sim. But thats a different review for a different Day.You pick a team of three archeologists from a roster of 24 people in 4 classes (Fighter, Scientist, Scout and Talker (Diplomat)) with yiur captian being limited to only a few people, but you unlock more as you play Expeditions with them.The story is simple - Make it Big! Be the most renown Explorer in the Renown Explorers Guild, but you only have 5 months (say: expeditions) to do so!the gameplay is pretty simple - When you start an expedition you are dropped on a fixed map of knots, like in for example FTL. Travelling between nodes takes provisions of which you start with a limit, which you cant surpass with restocks. As you traverse the map towards your goal you will see that some Nodes have Markers ""There is Knowledge/Fame/Gold to be found here!"",""There might be an encounter here!"", ""There might be a XXX Challenge here. A YYY would be helpful"". those nodes hold short events that will on success gain you some tokens or more information or on fail may cost you provisions, give your team debuffs or end up costing you Resolve (say: Lives). When you reach your destination, you will enter a bigger chain of events to ultimately resolve what you came for and finish the mission.Upon finishing any tokens you gained through events and battles will be converted into your 4 base resources: Fame, Knowledge, Money, Renown and a mission specific shop will open.On the world map you can spend your resources as you wish - Knowledge to write thesises (say: give your team various buffs), Money to buy more and better equipment and Fame to either get better Items in Stores or to hire an enourage, that will boost the amount of resources you gain from tokens.Renown is your actal score, and you have to pass the renown of the Lists 1st to ""win"" the game.As it was in Reus - the Graphics are beautiful, the characters and their animations are just gorgeousMusic and sound is nice to listen too and get you an an adventuring moodGameplaywise this game throws a few balls out there and manages to juggle them well. the combat system actually goes pretty deep with its Mood System - every character has Speech (say Magic) abilities that give certain buffs or debuffs (for example a flattered character will take more damage from Speech attacks while a confident character wil deal more physical damage) and based on the overall mood of your approach and the enemies approach (forceful, Devious or Friendly - yes, you can complement your enemies to ""death"") your team will get a global buff/debuff based on a rock-Paper-Scissors system. A Forceful approach against a peaceful enemy will leave you at an advantage while a devious enemy will have you gasping for air quicklyI have a little beef with this game, since it is mostly luck based. the Skill checks require your explorers to have certain perks to better their odds, but most of the time you will be staring into 30 to 40% chances top if your perks dont match up well.There also seem to be a few bugs still around, like a memory leak on long sessions or that a certainBosses healthbar was imprinted on every space he stopped.Also if you dont immeadiately invest a few points into the first skill tree (thesises) you will find yourself short on supplies quickly. And if they run out you will get arandom until-the-end-of-the-exploration debuff that will stack and might cost your head.with that the shortage of Resources might end up leaving you dry during the end if you splurge too much in the beginning.The replayability is very high due to the many different possible combinations of teams.A Definite Must play for fans of Reus or the old Adventuring days in general"
,Recommended,296970,17856186,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Flankus,"Clever combat, great team-building, (with lots of different team builds to try out over different adventures), and a supprising amount of depth. Humorous abilites that work well.  Best on Adventure Mode as it gains a rogue-like flavor as there is no going back. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,296970,17872635,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Kelevandos,"Very good game, kind of Reus-The Curious Expedition combo. You can feel Reus spirit in the graphics, music, the repeat-based gameplay and the collectibles. The expedition atmosphere, unluck-based advancement and perfectly realised tactical combat add the finishing touch, making this game a must-try.10/10 would battle voodoo monkeys again"
,Recommended,296970,17856915,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,eltee,"(9/10)A hand-drawn turn based tactical tabletop styled roguelike with RPG elements ?..?..!  I'll.... continue writing the review... in a minute or two... yeah... <twitching> tomorrow, after just one more turn..."
,Recommended,296970,26665093,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Ɗʊىƙƒαℓℓ ✬,"One of my favorite games of all time. You make an adventure party of three people and go on five missions around the world. You collect gold, treasure, science and other stats and aim to become the most well renown adventure group of all time. You level up your characters, purchase items for them, send them on jobs and recruit supportive charcaters such as journalists or students. Combat has a rock paper scissor element ad you can choose to become friends over violence. Your choices and skills matter for what interactions succeed on your adventures and you can unlock secrets.Love this game and Reus by the same developers, both are one of the best designed games I've ever seen!"
,Recommended,296970,23620857,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,TunaSammich,"Summary: This game is an absolute gem. If I had an awards show this game would win the category of ""Best Strategy Game I didn't Even Know I Wanted"". As a rogue-lite experience, the playthroughs run 2-4 hours depending on how I choose to play. There are many different areas to explore and many different ways to solve nearly every encounter. Lists make things easier to digest, so instead of continuing to ramble, here's what I've experienced so far:+ MANY different ways to play through the game: Combinations of locations and heroes and different strategies allow some serious replayability, espeically considering the amount of outcomes and side-adventures possible for each location.+ A deep and highly interactive 'combat' system: The way you fight in this game is truly unique: Very similar to a regular tactics RPG in some respects, but completely different in others. Difficult to describe in a short review, but very fun and very satisfying to say the least.+ This game positivley leaks charm out of every orifice: The settings are diverse and well themed. The members of your crew and the enemies you fight are all fantastically animated and characterized. Encounters are often clever and always well written.+ THE DEV TEAM is very active and involved in the community, organising weekly challenge events and maintaining scoreboards, listening and providing feedback to the community.+ Game is priced affordably. Content rich expansion 10 months after release is priced very reasonably, and really adds some goodness.This game has insane value, and it's absolutely worth full price. Got in about 10 hours in the base game, but after the expansion pack I've seriously been digging in, which is why I felt like I should write this review. Basically, the Xpac turned this game up to 11 for me.100% reccomend the base game, it appears to be getting continually updated along with the Xpac, which is pretty nice. If you like the base game after a playthrough or five, I 1000% Reccomend the Xpac.Thanks for reading,TunaSammich"
76561198002450835,Recommended,296970,25818113,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Nutlaw,"Not an overly complicated game, but a good one to pick up and have fun with for a little while. The skill system is well set up, allowing you to become good in a few areas (recommended) or okay in a number of them. Different playthroughs allow you to focus on different sets.Lots of character variety and the ability to unlock more expedition leaders as you go makes it feel like you are progressing towards something playthrough after playthrough. Also, the ability to unlock campfire cards from game to game gives more of the same feeling.Combat is unique in that you can defeat enemies by hitting them, insulting them, or complimenting them. Your characters have different strengths in each and the enemies are more or less vulnerable to different approaches. You also get different rewards in each fight depending upon how you win.The setting and characters are amusing. The game is involved enough to be fun, but not so much as to bog you down. A full playthrough wraps up in a few hours and will often leave you wanting to give another go at it."
76561198105393530,Recommended,296970,25701621,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,xViper96x,Easily one of the best games I've purchased on Steam. The developers are actively trying to make the game better and better. Their latest expansion which improved character depth is evidence of that. It has a great assortment of memorable characters and interesting locations. I've played the game extensively and have yet to get bored with it. Each crew of characters offers a new way to win. Whether that be exploring West Africa and Egyptian ruins for great wealth or the Pacific Islands for scientific research. I highly recommend to anyone who enjoys strategy and roguelike RPG games.
76561198027251183,Recommended,296970,22289839,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Lykurgos,"Compelling, entertaining, challenging game. Masterpiece.Prior to Renowned Explorers the most recent game that I played to completion was the original Dead Space. I buy and play many games and always stop playing them as soon as they cease being fun. I like progression, I like achievement, narrative, chrome, story-telling, choices and consequences, but if I stop having fun I will quit. I do not have a lot of gaming time, and this is just how I manage it.I have completed Renowned Explorers about half a dozen times and if ever there is DLC or expansion or a sequel or spin-off I will buy it without thinking. The theme, characters and challenge absolutely shine and the gameplay nails the elusive simple to learn and challenging to master template. In particular the turn-based tactical game is superb, with meaningful choices to be made prior to expeditions, before each fight and throughout each fight, usually every single turn.I also almost never leave ""reviews"" of games. This one deserves all the praise it can get."
76561198004453394,Recommended,296970,32747893,Posted: 24 June,all,Mr Murkle,"If you like things like Darkest Dungeon, FTL, and the like, and like the digital board-game feel of the presentation, you'll love this game.  Personally I found FTL to be completely lacking in personality (I really should give it a second chance), whereas RE has bucketloads of charm.It is a really simple game to pick up and play, up until you are about an hour in and it dawns on you just how deep a game it is.  I'm currently 14 hours in and honestly feel like I'm just scratching the surface with regards to my understanding of the best way to play.Highly recommended."
76561198092479658,Recommended,296970,34789758,Posted: 7 September,all,charles_d_berger,"Don't let the cartoony graphics fool you, this is one of the most compelling adventure/strategy games I've ever played, and I've been at for 35 years now!I got a good fifty hours of joy just out of playing through the game, without too much mix/maxing or stressing about the finer points of the systems. Then another 50 hours working out those systems and starting to actually game the game.Now I'm getting more value out of the thing by actually planning, in detail, my expeditions before I run them. This approach reveals the sheer genius behind the game design and exquisite balancing.For each expedition, you're trying to work out a sweet spot between (a) your choice of three characters (from a menagerie of 24 total), (b) your expedition pathway - five expeditions per game, selected from 14 expedition locations, (c) your character upgrade pathways; (d) your campfire chats; (e) your approach to encounters - aggressive? devious? friendly""; (f) the items you are intending to prioritise getting, and what bonuses to pull off them; (g) your town-building options (research pathway and entourage).Sorting out the interactions among all of these interrelated systems is loads of fun. You always have to make some compromises, you can never quite cover all the skill bases you'd like. Basically you're trying to set up a snowball of resources that continues to build throughout the game... sometimes the snowball grows way faster than you imagined it, other times it seems to just run flat.The joy of discovering an unusual approach to all of the above - it's just immensely rewarding. I only just managed to finally get a score of over 10,000 - which is sort of the ultimate accomplishment in the game. Now I find out reading on the forums that scores of over 17,000 are possible - so clearly I still have a long way to go building a better snowball!Aside from the strategising, the game is wonderfully atmospheric. The cartoon graphics have grown on me a lot, they are full of personality and I can only congratulate the character designers (text and graphics) for creating 24 highly evocative mini-characters with just a few strokes of the pen, and a few sentences of text.Any cons? Not many... I have encountered some glitches, and the game crashes on me about one session out of 20. Some of the encounters are a bit too vague and could use some more imaginative drafting. That's all I can think of!I can only recommend this game in the highest of terms for anybody who enjoys strategy, puzzles, and adventure games, and who appreciates a game that can be played quickly, but can also be meticulously planned for a deeper experience.Oh, and you have to be happy with randomness! If RNG makes you aggro, seek elsewhere. A ""wheel of fortune"" is an essential part of this game's mechanics!"
76561198171458183,Recommended,296970,31288248,Posted: 21 April,all,ariel.bloomer,"As someone who doesnt have experience playing rogue-likes, I liked how easy tihs was to learn. Cute, funny, family-friendly. I wish there were more locations, but it still has a lot of uniqueness to each campaign depending on which members you choose to crew."
,Recommended,296970,17942660,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Xaneorath,"Awesome game, and the surprise purchase of the month for me.At first I wasn't sure what to think of the game, but it looked interesting, so I went with ""let's try it out, if it isn't ok, I got steam refunding"". I am happy I did, since I got a full weekend of hardcore exploring out of it. ^^At first it was all fun and exciting, because of thecute representation.The graphics in comic look are just lovely, having very authentic animations for your characters and the enemies alike. You got a very diverse set of explorers to choose from, and often their personality also matters. Even the headshot pictures react to the moods characters get during the battles, and many of them were very amusing.Moodsin battle? Yes, you read it well. The game has an authentic mix of simplicity and complexity, taking a basic stone-paper-scissors gameplay, and adding a lot of complexity to it by introducing battlefield moods. If you are peaceful, you will get a large bonus against devious opponents, while aggressive opponents will give you trouble. Those opponents however will have problems, if your party decides to react devious!During the battles, you will be able to change the battlefield mood of your party with your actions, but be aware, some  enemies will do the same!Thedifficultyin Renowned Explorers is one of the most polarizing things in the discussion boards these days.I consider myself very happy with the difficulty settings, as they gave a real feeling of excitedness to the overall game. You always have to consider carefully if you want to move on, even though you ran out of food and your expedition is starving. It might give you more ressources, but adds very negative conditions to your party members, which might do a big impact on the challenging bosses.The bosses are challenging. You will have to understand the game mechanics and change the battlefield moods carefully, if you want to stand a chance. Sometimes you will want to avoid a mood alltogether, or will have to plan ahead to change the mood fast, if it happens to go bad. Also you will have to use the positive friendly buffs, and the negative (mostly) devious debuffs well. If you want to go with aggressive physical combat, you might want to enrage your enemies to take additional damage, and your party might want to become excited for an increase in attack power. If your enemies dish out too much physical damage, you will also find a mood to weaken them.Checking the discussion boards, it seems like the creators are working on an easy mode for those which do not enjoy these well made and challenging boss battles. But until then, you may expect some real try and error puzzle solving on how to get through all the expeditions. Moreso if you play the (Ironman) Adventuring mode.The lastexpeditionis hardly beatable, if you didn't master the game and take some really well equipped explorer party with good Synergy with you. But thats absolutely allright, since you are never forced to beat those missions, to win the game! Just consider it an added challenge!Whenever you finish a Journey, you will get two new journeys to choose from, which have added difficulty. So after beating the initial Rank 1 journey, you will get 2 more Rank 2 journeys to choose from, and so on.For your first games, you might want to skip on the Rank 4 and 5 journeys though, and might want to go 1-2-2-3-3. It is possible to get a high enough score for the score victory with it. But if you tackle the rank 4 journeys, you might want to expect a tough challenge, with the rank 5 journey checking your mastery of the game.If you aren't battling, you are exploring semi-random journey maps, while trying to conserve your food, to get as many of the 3ressourcesscience, fame and wealth as possible. You might also find some treasure for additional game effects and to increase your Renown, basicaly your score. To win the game, you will want to gather a Renown of at least 2000, but the real challenge is to get the biggest Highscore and find the best hidden Treasures.You also got the two secondary Ressources Insight and Resolve, where Insight is tradeable for more basic ressources in various ways during the game and Resolve basicaly resembles your life count.While collecting these ressources, you deal with well written and often funnystory situations, in which you decide to alter the outcome or if you want to take a risk, using the ""adventure wheel"". Basicaly it's a represantation of the dice rolls for your percentualy based chances on event outcomes. How much percent you got to get a certain result is based on which Adventurers you picked, and which perks you make avaiable for them.So, will your risk one Resolve, to take a chance for some additional ressources at 63%?The game is full of such decisions, and sometimes mean situations you might want to be prepared for or avoid, as you grow to know the game. But it's what creates a lot of the charm and replayability!The game rewards getting to know it better, it rewards dealing with difficult situations, it rewards careful decisions ... it rewardsExploring!Not by throwing increasing amounts of goodies at you, but by making the experience authentic."
,Recommended,296970,17887428,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,humphry.huang9,"Sophisticated, intriguing. So much fun playing it. It's among my best rougelike/strategy game ever played list."
,Recommended,296970,18592254,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,ultrapowerpie,"It's a game where one of your greatest threats, are snuggly, cuddly sheep.Beware, they will wuv you to death."
,Recommended,296970,26437568,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Kosmit,"ATTENTION: This review has been written for the game together with its expansion - More To Explore.Renowned Explorers is proof that looks can be deceiving. At first glance, this is a cute but simple tactics game about launching expeditions, hunting for treasure and exploring the world. This was my initial impression. However, as soon as I hit the start button, I began to notice, that the game has way more depth than I thought. Decisions in Renowned Explorers require quite a lot of thinking through or you might end up losing horribly. Think Darkest Dungeons levels of complexity.The basic  premise of the game is that you pick up three characters out of a pool of 20, with one being team captain. Each character has a set of skills, perks, hidden traits and captain bonuses. Your goal is to become the world's most Renowned Explorers (d'oh!). You do that by launching expeditions (5 per game), which give you artifacts, status, gold, research and - most importatnly - renown, of which more than 2500 is needed to win the game. After each expedition, the player has a chance to spend the resources aquired to improve the party. Do it wisely - spending resources haphazardly almost always ends in utter failure. And you will fail. At the start of the game, you get 2 points of Resolve. Lose them all and it is game over.The Good:+ Adorable graphics. Each character is distinct and easily recognisable. Animations for every character do a lot to show off that character's personality.+ Interesting combat system based on attitudes. There are three: aggressive, friendly and devious, and they work similarly to rock - paper - scissors (aggressive beats friendly beats devious beats aggressive). Switching between attitudes at just the right moment is key to survival and may net you different rewards depending on which of the attitudes is dominant.+ Sense of humor. The whole game is tongue in cheek. Many dialogues are genuinely funny, over the top or absurd. Enemies are amusing - from sheep, through posh Brits to easily scared vampires. Plus, some of the things the player can do are simply hilarious. At one point I was able to body slam a T-Rex. A bloody T-Rex.+ Lots of depth and replayability. Due to the complexity of the various systems and stark differences in playstyles, the game can be played many times over without the risk of getting bored.+ Surprises at every corner. I have finished this game more than 10 times and I still discover new events, character interactions and hilarious encounter results.+ Difficulty level variety. The game has 4 difficulty levels and two modes - one of which involves permadeath. So, if you are not a fan of dying and losing all of your progress, you can go with adventure mode, with save games.The Mediocre:~ The number of possible expedition locations is limited. Even with all the DLC, there are only 13 of them. Seems like a lot, but after a few games you will learn them all by heart. Still, the differences between expeditions are huge, and each of them has a couple of hidden surprises, so i can't complain much.~ The tutorials could use some work. I feel that the tokens expecially aren't explained all that well. Keep in mind though that this is really a game you learn more as you play than from reading any tutorial.~ Even though characters are distinct, their attack skills aren't. Many characters have the same combat skills, though with different animations.The Bad:- Lots of graphical glitches. They are not gamebraking in any way, yet annoying still."
,Recommended,296970,24106938,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,ChromeIcon,A fun roguelike game where you plan expeditions and find treasures across the world. With multiple aproaches on how to confront others and a wide variety of characters to play as and even more resources to unlock during your adventures it offers decent replayability.
76561198292930117,Recommended,296970,31313867,Posted: 23 April,all,Yangkoete,"Seduce nuns!Beat wolves with shovels!Insult mummies by saying they've soiled themselves!All three of those are things you can do in Renowned Explorers.You have your four classes (Scientists, Fighters, Speakers and Scouts) and they all work pretty much like any RPG. Combat's simple, but you don't always need to beat stuff to death. You see; There's Peaceful approach (For all you Undertale fans out there) to make your enemies feel REALLY happy! There's the nasty approach which basically lets you insult them so much into being demoralized, or there's the good old stabb, smash, shoot or slash with the Aggressive approach.Pretty much expect everyone to use those against you too."
76561198007168842,Recommended,296970,20953221,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,FLIPTHETABLES,"First time I saw this in the store, I immediately dismissed it. The graphical style makes it look like a cheap iPad game, the combat grid system looked completely average and generic. I forgot about it, and it was only when I saw a favourable review did I decide to try it.Turns out, I'm an idiot for not picking it up sooner. Buy this game.The exploration aspect is very FTL-like, but the complexity in the combat and the crew setups is what makes this game shine. The addition of moods and emotions (and its continuation to the exploration map) really adds a whole new dimension to combat.Yes, it appears at first to have a steep (almost unfair?) difficulty curve. Yes, you can be on a roll and be entirely screwed over from bad luck. But yes, yes and yes, you will want to play this again and again.A few minor points - would be nice to have the tools button more obviously shown for beginners. Would be nice to have little reminders to level up before continuing. Would be nice to be able to see characters' attacks while in a shop, without having to close it and switch pages. And I'm still not a fan of the graphics. But all that is minor."
,Recommended,296970,20534766,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Robert Wiesehan,"I had to cook it over a while to decide exactly why I love Renowned Explorers so much. It boils down to two things.1 - Many roguelike experiences are built around the question, ""Will you live to cross the finish line?"" It can get really depressing to die and fail over and over again. RE:IS (on its standard difficulties anyway) asks, ""How cool will your adventuring career be?"" I rarely straight up lose a run, but it isn't about winning or losing. It's about the first time you finish with 2500 Renown. Then 3000. Then 3500. You'll get a little better at squeezing more efficiency out of your runs each time you play, and you won't need an unbreakable spirit to want to keep trying.2 - Another factor hampering many roguelike experiences is that there's only one paradigm for interaction. The whole game is dungeon crawling. No single gameplay system can entertain you forever. RE:IS has three different types of play: Roleplaying as you travel from node to node and decide how to handle incidents, Combat on a turn based grid with a handful of subsystems that don't overwhelm, and Resource Management as you spend your hard earned gains on things that synergize with your strengths and shore up your weaknesses. You'll constantly rotate between these 3 activities, so none of them ever overstay their welcome.RE:IS is amazing. I eagerly await and will gladly pay for more DLC."
,Recommended,296970,31896989,Posted: 22 May,all,Baron von Tansley,"Fantastic game with an unexpected amount of depth. A solid title, currently an 8/10 that would become a 9/10 with some more updates.Despite seeming like a simple board-game, combat is surprisingly strategic and requires significant planning and thought rather than some boring hack and slash. You have to take into account the mood and combat tactics you and your enemy are using, gear for your party, specific weaknesses the enemy might have, status effects that you apply, taking advantage of AOE effects and much more.The characters that you can select have quite a few overlapping skills (a few more new skills assigned to different characterws would be appreciated), but it's not too bad. The biggest saving grace here is the incredible stylized art which makes every scientist, soldier, scout, or speaker feel unique in their own way. You've got the big, burley (but well-meaning) Russian bear, a stuffy, German school-teacher, the beautiful Latin seductress (Hola!), the insane eletricity-obsessed scientist, and much more.The number of ""expeditions"" could be a bit higher. Considering that the game is rogue-like and you'll be replaying quite a bit, the game suffers from a feeling of redundancy too soon that could be remedied with additional maps. Currently there are 3 maps for every challenge rating (total of 13 I believe, there are only 2 five-star and four-star challenge expeditions), but after your first 6 or so runs it may get a bit stale.There is a bit of a learning curve, but that's to be expecting in a rogue-like game. Your first three or four adventures will end in disaster, but you simply accept your mistakes and improve upon them the next time!Overall, great game for it's price, especially on sale. The two main gripes one may have is if you are not keen on luck-based games (which a substantial portion of this game is based on) and the medicore number of expeditions. (note, they are slowly making more, but some are hidden behind paid DLC) Still, the positives far outweight the negatives."
,Recommended,296970,29734541,Posted: 5 February,all,jfb1776,"This is a unique game in many ways, and also very enjoyable. It's not the kind of game where fast clicking or amazing eye hand coordination is much help at all, and for me, that's fantastic. It's a strategy game with some story and a lot of humor, and I find I get very attached to the characters in my party very fast.(such as screaming 'No Vlad, you can't have Ivan!!!')The game is set up so you can select a party of three explorers of varying strengths, and you can choose throughout the game how they'll develop.One of my favorite aspects is that you can choose to be very different explorers from game to game in how you 'battle' those who you encounter. You can be friendly, devious, or outright aggressive, meaning that talking is not a free action anymore and can in fact defeat an opponent, whether through messing with their head or convincing them that you're awesome and they should help you.I highly recommend this game for its unique approach, its humor, and its art. Also, it's not 'America-centric' in its choices for your explorers, as they come from every continent and many different backgrounds, from a tiny Austrian magician to an Argentine diplomat's daughter to a wild Australian (and of course a loveable Russian giant).Personally, my favorite explorers are Bia, Daisy, and Anna, but I haven't even gotten to playing all of them yet, so who knows if it'll stay that way."
76561198035838557,Recommended,296970,17967162,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Hoggypare,"(Wrote lenghty review earlier, then it got eaten by this amazing steam tool, oh well... maybe I'll expand this later)RE:IS is a unique blend of genres, a game by abbey games, where you lead your team of explorers to fame and glory.The game features map exploration, where you navigate a randomized location searching for treasures and using up your party member skills to weigh risks in your favour, tactical encounters with a unique twist (I didn't call it ""combat"" because you can negotiate your way through) and inbetween expeditions you get to spend your resources to further improove your odds in the next adventure.The main advantages  of the game are thetheme(not many games out there that let you be the explorer in the age of discovery), theinterconnected web of features and systemsthat create a complex gameplay experience and the unique, cartoonyart directionthat fits the tone of the game. I also like thechallengeand the overallcheerful tone, even though I can see why people may complain about RNG or the game not being serious.The only real complaint I have is thelack of varietywhen it comes locations to explore (10 overall I think, you pick 5 each campaign). They are randomized, and you encounter different things each time, but after several playthroughs they feel samey, which hurts the overall feel of exploration and venturing into unknown. (That said the devs acknowledged this issue and more content is on the way).RE:IS is rather unique, but if you need to compare it to something, think Darkest Dungeon, but with totally opposite tone and gameplay split into short campaigns. Both are difficult games about weighing risk and reward, with unique art style, both I feel deliver what they try to achieve.All in all, good game, worthy of your attention."
76561198006804701,Recommended,296970,18137575,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,CurtainDog,"A charming, innovative and polished game. The encounter system, featuring the turn-based tactical 'combat' of the game, is the weak point, being perhaps too challenging for casual players and too simple for TBS lovers (contrast to FTL, which is somewhat similar, though FTL has more entertaining combat and rather lifeless events). Still, Abbey games has produced a gem here, setting an example that I hope more games follow."
,Recommended,296970,17904780,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Speely,"A wonderful, refreshingly-adorable game with tons of replayability and a great balance between strategy and the perils of the unknown. Great characters and great mechanics that aren't too streamlined or too obtuse. It encourages getting to know the whole cast, both to unlock new captain status and to understand the synergies between explorers more... which is needed because the difficulty is no joke (in a good way.) Bosses can seem cheap if your party isn't optimized just for THAT encounter, but that's the beauty of it for me... there is no ""i win"" formula that applies to everything (that I have found,) and it makes completing the expeditions that much more satisfying and makes replaying that much more worthwhile.Can't stop playing and hope for more expeditions and explorers in future updates (which I would happily support.)What a great little gem of a surprise."
76561198015531498,Recommended,296970,17872526,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Eriktion,very addictive exploration roguelike
76561198022692317,Recommended,296970,18719598,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,schmutt,"Renowned Explorers: International Society (RE:IS) is a nice mix of FTL-style exploration and classic hex-field turn-based strategy (such as Heroes of Might and Magic). The game really shines as a complex system of resources and synergies; it's a lot of fun to try out different ways of generating the ultimate ressource in the game - renown. Another element standing out is the combat mood system. Based on your actions and your opponents' actions, the encounters have a different mood, which gives your units certain buffs and debuffs. This really encourages you to use all abilities of your explorers, rather than just using the 'strongest' or 'juicest' (which you can also do and is a challenge of its own). I think in this sense, RE:IS is a great developmental step from REUS, the studio's previous game. REUS had bautiful synergistic mechanics, but the game played more like a simulation. In RE:IS, the devs managed to forge the synergies into a great interdependent game system that is very enjoyable and rewarding - especially if you're into building systems/resource engines.In general, I think that the game is also a bit too short (many others have mentioned that as well). You're done after a handful of explorations; to compare it with a card game: it feels a bit like playing Race for the Galaxy -- you're taking some turns building a great resource engine, but there's not much time to actually see it run. This being said: The replay value is great, but I think some additional campaigns, or some sort of ongoing exploration with limited lives (""resolve"") could be a great addition. (The good news is that the devs are still working on some additional content and modes.)As much as I do like the mechanics and the complex resource system, I do think that the representations of different cultures and individuals are reinforcing problematic stereotypes. I do believe that 'exploration' type games do have a tendency to reinforce hegemonic world-views; in the case of RE:IS, I believe that the  ""explorer"" setting is indeed strongly reinforcing a eurocentric idea of exploration, and in fact, of cultural exploitation (and more than that: it refers to a style of colonialist exploration that actually did happen, and it romanticizes it).Many encounters involve helpless or fumbling natives that need the help of the explorers. In my opinion this does have an undertone of cultural inequality, and contains an imlicit message that suggests a cultural inferiority in the cultures we explore in the game. It is also important to note that  all of the places we explore are depicted as technologically, and culturally less advanced.On one side, the game gives me the choice to resolve encounters agressively or via persuasion. But even if I use persuasion, or 'friendly' tactics, I am still taking something away from the culture (e.g. artifacts). In fact, there is no way to progress in the game without taking artifacts away from their originating culture.  For example, I talk myself into a monastery and convince the nuns to give me one of their relics. Cultural exchange is great - but in RE:IS, a classic colonialist (one-sided, and hegemonic) way of exploration is a constitutional part of the game setting, and game play.In conclusion: The irony in RE:IS is that the game mechanics are so bautifully synergistic - but the setting is colonialist. Overall I think that this is a game worth playing, set in a game setting worth problematizing and talking about."
,Recommended,296970,20600050,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Linky Dink,"This game is A very relaxing, much faster Civilization. 10/10"
76561197983159515,Recommended,296970,27062551,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,"""Paycheck-66""","Renowned Explorers is a unique TBS that has a lot of replay value. One the best features IMO is that you can complete each stage of your expedition in about 15 to 30 mins depending on your choices. It has enough depth to keep you occupied with it's story as well as deciding how you want to equip, attack, and build your characters. It's not to in depth, but thats okay.With quite a few different locations and characters to choose from. Developers that have been very active and have added to the game on a regular basis, to me it's an easy recommendation."
,Recommended,296970,22297787,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Wafflecat,Seducing sheep since 2016.
76561198159474096,Recommended,296970,20510683,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Van Dorian,"A truly great game, totally looking forward to the announced expansion.It might seem innocent and light-hearted if you judge by screenshots, but in fact it is pretty deep and clever and not particularly forgiving (at least for me at the Classic-Adventure difficulty; actually, so far only twice have I survived five expeditions), but even then it delivers incredibly positive message, and 'losing' in fact never feels unfair.The game basically has three layers, all of them are very well designed and crafted.The strategic one is your headquarters in roughly XIX century London, were your spend earned resources and prepare to your next expedition. To be honest, I like this part the least, but its fine and pretty complex as well. In fact, on the first few runs, it might appear overwhelming.Then, there are expeditions themselves, full of random encounters and adventures and witty dialogues. They're amazing, and so far I can't say that I have become bored even from visiting the same areas. The layout of the expedition changes each time you play, and the special locations present there vary from one run to another, and of course, the outcome of events is often different for different teams and runs.The third layer is tactical battles. Well, you don't get too much of them to become tired, there is always a final encounter at the end of the expedition, and typically two to four aside of it, depending on whether you are looking for fight. At first, the battle mechanics might appear complex and TERRIFYING, but as you grasp the basics (it takes a few encounters) and become more CONFIDENT, it becomes quite EXCITING. I guess any tactical battle system that operates with terms like 'attitude', 'mood' and 'emotions' is definitely worth giving it a try. Oh, and I like the form of field grid too.Some people might say that the battle mechanics is not really a big deal and devious and friendly abilities can be replaced with say ice and nature magic, the notion that I don't exactly agree with. Even if technically that might be true, the path you choose to resolve encounters is reflected back onto the adventure level, and affects how your quest continues, which I find pretty cool.As for drawbacks, the only thing I might think about is the number of available expeditions and well, their tight concentration in just few geographical areas. The game is great, but if it just had even more content it would be even greater."
,Recommended,296970,19823818,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Yuma Kuga,"Once you get past the seemingly torturous tutorial which tries to convince you that this is a game of depth and intrigue, you find you that it is, actually, very deep and full of intrigue. While the screenshots might make you think that this is another 4X like Civilization (which is actually why I bought it), it is in fact more like the critically acclaimed XCOM series. If you like rougelikes and XCOM, this is your game.There are various nuances to figure out and you'll easily find yourself immersed in the world. The graphics might be a bit amateur but don't let that put you off. This is a highly replayable game with a lot of content and thankfully not too much RNG outside of exploration. Combat is very consistent and once you understand the different variables, it becomes predictable whist still challenging."
,Recommended,296970,20416549,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,just.like.that,"This was definitely one of the best games I’ve bought last year. It’s a strategy game with turn-based combat and resource management, great replayability and an active developer to boot, who’s working on a big update at the moment (January 2016).The gameYou assemble a team of three explorers that you send on five expeditions in the quest of becoming the most renowned explorers. To become “renown” you need to find treasures but also resources that enable you to attract an entourage, conduct research, and buy equipment in between the expeditions. And of course, you also need to survive the encounters.You can play intwo modes; one lets you make saves, the other ends with your death. The latter is the way it is meant to be played and, in my opinion, the only way to play it. If you want to ruin the game for you, use save-scumming.Your team:The first step is to assemble your team. You can choose between20 diverse characterswith very unique skills and perks that belong to one offour classes(scientist, scout, fighter, speaker). The combination of classes, skills and perks that you have in your team can greatly influence your success in the game. There isn’t one character that is just better than the rest, one character can do great in one team and be a bit useless in the next, and depending on the strategy you want to follow during the main part of the game, you might need a different combination of classes anyway. Trying out new teams is a big part of what makes this game so much fun and adds a lot of replayability.The expeditions:You can choose between a few destinations that all have their unique styles, events, treasures to find, and requirements. Thedestinations are procedurally generated, you move FTL-style from node to node, using supplies as “fuel”, and are confronted with different events or encounters. There is a big variety of events that are also influenced by which classes and perks you have in your team and the choices you’ve made, so it doesn’t get boring fast. I’ve played over 75 hours by now and I still get events I haven’t seen before and I’ve only found half of the unique treasures in the game, so there is a lot to keep you interested.Some events require luck, where you have a certain percentage to succeed based on the skills and perks of your characters. There’s also luck involved in the events that you get, some of the rare ones can be great if you find them, although they usually also involve a severe penalty if you fail.The encounters:Turn-based combat that reminded me of X-Com. There’s a lot of depth to the combat system, much more than immediately obvious. Your characters and your enemies havethree main classes of attacks, friendly, devious and aggressive. The type of attack you and your enemies use influence the overallmood during the fight, e.g. if you are both devious, the mood is tense, if they are friendly and you are aggressive, the mood is brutal.Some of these moods can be beneficial to you, e.g. give you more defence, while others can be negative. So, manipulating the mood by the attack-types you choose is very important.Equally important ismood management of your characters. A friendly attack can leave your character in an impressed mood, which lowers your defence against speech attacks. So you might need to use a friendly attack on your own team member to heal them and change their mood to confident, which adds 25% to their aggressive attack. Obviously, you can use the same principle against your enemies, by using attacks that put them in moods which provide debuffs.And finally, sometimes you want to end the fight in a specific mood because you’ll get a bonus if you do.All of these effects are explained inexcellent tooltipsthat you can access during the encounter, there are no hidden effects, very little luck is involved and a lot of strategy. Great!You might “win” the game by just doing your thing and ignoring all these details but on higher difficulty and during the more difficult expeditions you will have a very hard time if you don’t use the moods to your advantage.In-between expeditions:During an expedition you earncollect, campaign, and science tokensthat you can exchange for gold, status and research points after the expedition and use to upgrade your equipment, conduct research and hire an entourage.Equipmentcan give you more perks and/or add defence or offence stats.Researchlets you get more of the resource that you want to focus on, can give you more supplies, can give you extra bonuses if you end fights in a specific mood, etc.Statuslets you hire an entourage which will let you get more out of your tokens and can also provide you with more perks.The success of your overall strategy (which destinations do you want to visit, do you want to focus on a specific resource, ...) will be very much influenced by the choices you make here.Conclusion: Fun game that requires a lot of strategy and a bit of luck (although it is very rare that you’re getting completely screwed over by RNG), with more depth to it than you’d think. You can easily finish one game in one evening, although if you’re like me you’ll likely want to start a new one immediately.The only drawback is that there could be more destinations, but as the developers are already working on a big update, I'm hopeful that this will be fixed soon. And as I still haven't seen everything there is to see after 75 hours of gameplay, I can't really complain too much, anyway.I wholeheartedly recommend this game.If you like this game, there is a DLC available:Renowned Explorers: More To Explore"
76561198019867265,Recommended,296970,20596961,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Rock,New and refreshing.  An excellent game all around.  This is the first time I've ever done a 3rd playthrough of a game.
,Recommended,296970,22252793,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,See you guys in Turbo Heaven,"I've binged this for the past few days and dont regret a thing. It's a lot of fun, really funny and best of all it's challenging in a way that DOESNT leave you frustrated like some other challenging games do. Every failure feels like a step in the right direction and every success feels well earned. This is of course talking about ""Adventure"" mode which has a one save one life sort of deal (and is the recommended method of play) but having played Discovery mode as well, which is much easier and somewhat more forgiving, I'd say it's a game for anyone.One of my top recommendations <3"
,Recommended,296970,20592238,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Mr. Blue Sky,"Gives the feeling of a tabletop rpg designed around being an adventurer. Lots of fun, and really tough on the harder difficulties."
,Recommended,296970,33985446,Posted: 2 August,all,Darviathar,"I picked this up on a whim during a sale over a year ago, and decided to finally give it a look.  It is a solid little game with some real replay value, and surprisingly fun and addictive.  Light-hearted enough for your kids to play, but not simple enough for anyone to quickly grow bored with."
,Recommended,296970,34145603,Posted: 10 August,all,pirate,"Wonderful game. It's as if a choose your own adventure game was combined with punishing rogue-lite mechanics and a deep, turn-based battle system.There's a lot of replay value and an adjustable difficulty level for every player's skill-level. If you ever spot this or the DLC on sale, consider picking it up."
76561198039543155,Recommended,296970,20648175,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Kayeka,"Come for the adventure, stay for the high scores, and then discover that there's still more adventure to be had.REIS is a fantastic game that takes Faster Than Light's node-based randomized exploration, adds in an Indiana Jones-esque theme of 19th century explorers and a nice cartoony artstyle, and tops it all off with some great attention for detail and design.Highly recommended if you enjoy turn-based strategy, chasing high scores and rolling dice.Not recommended if you don't like fun."
76561198026873914,Recommended,296970,24241589,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Ghouleh,"A funny, charming turn-based tactics game, with an emphasis on exploration and resource management rather than just combat. Surprisingly unforgiving in that you need to accrue a certain score by the end of the game to actually beat it - otherwise you'll get a Game Over. Even so, the party building, the mood system, the fight/insult/befriend combat mechanics, the art style, the writing and exploration - are a an enjoyable experience from start to finish,"
76561198077757088,Recommended,296970,29590113,Posted: 30 January,all,liquidmind,"Funny characters, a challenging game-world and just the right amount of RNG make RE:IS an amazing game to decompress and have a nice time.Choose your team of explorers and try to become the most renowned explorer in the world. The Battle-System is unique, in a sense that you can choose to attack by compliment, insult or violence. Depending on that the mood changes and certain attacks are more or less effective. Gather bonuses that help you, or don't. Live through hilarious camp-fire-stories.Achievements are so diverse, that trying to accomplish them all will keep you busy for a while. Treasures are as diverse, allowing you to play the same map over and over again, finding new treasures and outcomes of situations.All in all, it's a complex game with funny characters and a good storyline. It's fun to play and replay. Updates have been frequent and there has been free content added since I started playing. Definitely one of the games I do not regret buying."
,Recommended,296970,25538555,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Purrmaid,"► Simple and complex► Funny little jokes► Highly addictive, if you like puzzles and strategy games: Try renowned explorers out!"
76561198026727916,Recommended,296970,30733561,Posted: 25 March,all,Granny Grumps Groovy Gravy,"A very refreshing take on turn based strategy games.  Imagine fighting and defeating enemies by being NICE to them!  Or you can be devious and taunt them.  Or you can do them in using classic violence.  There's humor involved, and really nice cartoon graphics.  I give it 5 out of 5 Bunny Eggs for being a lot of fun!"
,Recommended,296970,17915884,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,DrNo~i ache,"Well I just suffered my first crash after playing for about 5 hrs straight. And thats likely due to me getting cocky and clicking along faster then the game could count all my treasures!Might as well take a moment to rate this game up and tell evereyone I know to go get it.A hilarious take on turnbased/rpg. This game gives you a great tutorial and helps lay out the intricacies, of which there are many. This title bring a variety of upgradeable or unlockable traits for the 20 some odd characters you can unlock and upgrade. I really think this IndianaJones type of take on the Xcom type of game genre knocks the ball out of the park. You can fight your way through enemies, insult them and hurt theuir feelings so they give up the will to resist you, or you can just tell them how great they are so they give you the treasures. I keep upgrading my squad for aspecific type of attack, then the game gives me the option to sing to the enemy or tickle attack them and I can't help but click that option. It's still on a discount if you have Reus so i think you should consider adding this title.  Excelsior!Still cannot get over how much this ridiculous game makes me crack up!"
,Recommended,296970,17899308,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,HoundCiS,"I have just finished my first playthrough but I can't wait to start another. There are just so many choices you need to make and more importantly, you have no ways back. Each choice will make a difference more or less and it's the combination of multiple choices that makes this game fairly compelling.The graphics is okay, as well as the music. I mean, they can be improved in some way but it doen't matter very much for a strategy game like this. The only thing I'm disappointed with is the lack of an detailed guidance, for instance, which careers can gain an advantage in certain challenges and how much the advantage is, what the attributes of different equipments are. In that case, I'll have something that I can refer to when I'm about to make a choice rather than waste my time on restarting a game to figure them out.Overall, this is a decent game. It's not gorgeous in terms of graphics but it's definitely absorbing and addictive in gameplay. I just like it."
76561198004825362,Recommended,296970,18786318,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Omega13,Great game. Way deeper than one might expect for a game of it's price. Unique and detailed character development and combat system. Just rogue-light enough to be unpredictable without being infuriating. Fans of FTL should like this one.
,Recommended,296970,17862621,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,ziroonderel,"At the moment I'm writing this, a day after release, there are 22 positive reviews and 0 negative of Renowned Explorers. I won't break the streak. This game is pure, unadulterated awesome. It's fun, interesting, challenging, amusing and very pretty.... Let's back up a bit. Renowned Explorers is a roguelike, clearly inspired by FTL. It has a similar ""decide where to go, solve text-based encounters, fight occassionaly"" structure, but it is so much better. If you got discouraged by FTL or couldn't get into it (like me: I bought FTL ages ago, but it just lost my interest each time I tried to play), RE:IS might just be the game for you.Why is it better than FTL?- It is breathtakingly beautiful. The crew members and the opponents they encounter are wonderfully designed, well-animated and also exceedingly funny.- Your crew (three explorers) have so much personality. IT is coveyed by art (how much personality can there be in a simply attack animation) and by their reactions in an encounter. Say, if you have a very greedy crew member, they may just refuse to leave a treasure, even if it is risky.- The plot is much more fun, at least for me - I really feel annoyance at our heroes' opponents.- The encounter/fighting system is really interesting. It occurs on a tactical, hex based map, with varying terrain (e.g., some terrain heals characters standing on it) and interesting mood system. Every ability you use influences the mood of your team, and so does every opponent's action. The interplay between your mood and the opponent's mood can strengthen you or weaken, and furthermore most bosses have interesting reactions to a type of ability. For example, a Big Important Nun gets into her Condemn the Heretics mode if you try to use Aggression on her.- You can play it in hardcore (here: adventure) mode, without retrying failed ancounters, or you can choose a casual approach, with free saving and retrying failed encounters.- Very varied content: every expedition our explorers can go on is different.- Very funny writing.- Cheerful and happy. Even when you loose, you laugh.All in all, 10/10, great impulsive purchase, can I get an expansion or two?"
,Recommended,296970,17872051,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,QuacKC,"Fun concept and well-thought-out game mechanics. My one complaint is that it isn't longer. It took me about 10 hours to beat. There is definitely replay value, as a lot of expediations and encounters are randomized, so you know yourself - are you a person who typically finds replay value in games or not? Plenty of treasures and achievements to chase that would take you dozens of wins to get. Hoping there will eventually be an expansion or DLC with more expeditions."
,Not Recommended,296970,29990818,Posted: 17 February,all,antlee53,"This was entertaining enough for a weekend, but after a few playthroughs I lost interest as it felt like just collecting things for the sake of collecting things. I never felt particularly invested in any of my teams as I knew I would have to pick a new team and start over soon."
76561198170132855,Recommended,296970,32585720,Posted: 20 June,all,Sir Duckfield,"Well, what can I say? It's one of the best strategy games I've ever played - the characters hardly can be named dull, the gameplay is unique and it's just fun."
76561198083624043,Recommended,296970,30248441,Posted: 28 February,all,Bullwinkle,"RE:IS is excellent at what it tries to do, but might not be right for everyone.RE:IS is highly polished, runs flawlessly on Win10 and is a refreshing take on D&D style games where you send a group of explorers into dungeons/wilderness in search of treasure. With cartoonish charm, they have reduced death and violence and substituted  manipulation, charm and seduction instead. A welcome change to killing everybody all day all night! Violence is one of 3 options. Instead of Hit Points, the battle is won when Resolve (the will to go on) is reduced to 0.With four classes to choose from, you create a team of 3 exlorers and send them on 5 expeditions, returning to town in between. In town, you improve your gear and skills and level up your toons. After 5 expeditions, the game is over. There are a few maps to choose from but not a huge number, but you can replay them with a different team, skills and gear later. There is some randomness to how the maps are generated and play, but each map is a story, and the bullet points of the story are the same each time. Each time you play the Hungarian Fort map, you are seeking The Alchemist, for example.As an older gamer, I find some of the graphics and sound effects a bit childish but simultaneously charming. And the ability to use speech instead of violence is totally overdue in this kind of game - VERY refreshing. This game will not be a life-replacement game for most people, but it is fun, solid and without any bugs that I could find. None. Very easy to get 50 hours of fun. I will probably get 200 out of it utlimately. Some people complain about the RNG, but I did not find that to be a problem. Yes, if you chose a boss fight, you might get swatted hard, but if you prepared properly and chose wisely beforehand, you will probably be OK."
,Recommended,296970,19804512,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Tatsekuya,"A great twist on the "" exploring "" genre, basically a Heroes of Mighty and Magic focused on a single team, composed by 3 heroes, with a outstading procedural design on cenarios and skills. It's just great to see such a good game using those kinds of game development techniques amidst endless "" PROCEDURAL OPEN WORLD SANDBOX GAME DESING"" that has been flooding the indie genre as an excuse for poor game design and balancing, you can see that the developers care by simply playing and witnessing a entertaining plot with countless subplots based on characters skills/interests, and the fact that the combat is a enjoyable ""rock paper sissors"" tatics that is very engaging.Besides i've made a mexican wrestler become a science genious while being my best fighter. 10/10. But seriously, it's totally worth your while."
76561198027837817,Recommended,296970,28189037,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Laosh'Ra,"well-made, light-hearted game with a nice atmosphere of expedition/adventure. gameplay is roughly similar to FTL."
76561198037696460,Recommended,296970,31927748,Posted: 23 May,all,Jordz,Quite an enjoyable game. SImilar style to Heroes of Might and Magic with a clever twist to the combat and hero system. The soundtrack is exceptional.For me while I did enjoy it the replayability for me is low - perhaps others will find doing the explorations with different team compositions compelling.If its on sale give it a go.
,Recommended,296970,27932570,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,RostigeSchadel,Awesome little game. It have good writing and good humor. Also solid gameplay. If you ever read books of Twain and Vern and you liked it- this game will wake up explorer in you and you want sleep for days playing.
76561198026098463,Recommended,296970,28302400,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Monkeei,I insulted a bunch of nuns until they got too emabaresed and ran away from the church and left me to loot their holy relic. I see no flaws in that plan. :D+fun.
,Recommended,296970,33127721,Posted: 2 July,all,Llyagushen,Like FTL but deeper and funnier.
76561198202369804,Recommended,296970,20253019,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,aaronjackson648,"Renowned Explorers: International Society is an interesting blend of the rogue-like and strategy genres that sees you controling a team of three explorers going around the world collecting treasures in the hopes of becoming the World's Most Renowned Explorer.Likes:- a very unique combat system. You can choose to either aggressively dominate your enemies, insult them into despair, or become best friends with them. however, diffrent attiudes can easily wipeout your whole team. e.g, if you try to be friendly with an enemy who is aggressive towards you, you will suffer a armour debuff, making it more likely for them to hit you for high damage.-The characters. With 20 playable characters who each have their own playstyle, strengths and weakness, every run is different-Traits. each character has a trait/s that determine your chances in certain situations, for example, if there is a gaint boulder blocking your way, a character who has an athlete trait has a greater chance of succeding in that situation than someone who does not. in addition to that, characters can learn more traits through leveling,allowing you to customize your team to what you think will suit you best.-The Challenge.  By moving throughout your expeditions, you use up your supplies. once they are all gone, your team will start getting debuffs like ""-40% attack power"". This will mean you have to think ahead of time if you should go straight to the final destination of the expdetition or explore some more to earn treasure at the cost of stats.-Skill will win the battle. almost every attack in the game will hit at hundred percent, this includes enemy attacks aswell. even though it is a rogue-like game, a good strategy and equipment layout will always beat out sheer luckDislikes:-Frame rate problems. Throughout playing RE:IS, frame rate seems to vary everywhere. you could be fighting at sixty frames one moment and have it drop to 30 the next. while this doesnt bother me to much, i can see how others who play   might find this irratating.-The expeditions. Overall, there are 9 different expdeitions to go on, 12 if you count the first three starting expeditons that you dont get to chose from. while that seems like a quite a bit, some are very similar, for instance,  the Carribean expdetition mainly features pirates and monkeys and ""The Emerged Island"" offers voodoo pirates and voodoo monkeys, bascially reskinned pirates and monkeys.Overall, I Highly recommend this game if your into rouge-like and strategy games. It has enough skill based combat, varity, and challenge to make it a game that deserves a spot in your steam library"
,Recommended,296970,20273843,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Zenel,"Review for this, I won't be afraid to use the word ""Masterpiece"", is long overdue. It is an amazingly competent and enjoyable game, on many levels. In this day and age this is very refreshing. And yes, I didn't repeat myself here. It is a game both extremely enjoyable overall, yet also beautifully designed both for the casual players and for the die hard fans of such games. Truly, this is one of the hidden gems and one of the top games that came in 2015.But enough baseless praising. This game is essentially rogue-lite done right. There is no outgame progression, aside from opening new possible ""captains"" for your team of three. Which means you have as good of a chance of finishing it on your first try, as in any other attempt, if we disregard your accumulating personal experience with the game's mechanics. Captain roles can be opened in any order player desires and all characters can be used from the start as simple companions. While it may be argued that some of the locked captains are very strong, starting choices are good enough, desired captain can be unlocked in as much as one playthrough and mostly captains provide strong yet diverse bonuses to your party. Those bonuses, together with the choice of other two members and your playstyle form noticeable diversity in possible ways of playing.There is some imbalance between usability of skills, but even that is kept in check with the ability of the player to choose his own adventures after the random starting one. You get a perfect basic description of each adventure, stating what playstyle and skills are perfered for its completion. And if something is going horribly wrong - you can always choose simpler expeditions after the second one, if you feel that your luck isn't as shining as you expected it to be. I can't emphasize enough how ingenious the gamedesign is in this diamond of a game, which tries to contain possible randomness and imbalance on every step, ultimately giving player every tool he needs to finish the game, bar exceptionally bad luck.The gameplay revolves around series of expeditions both with Turn Based ""overworld map"" and Turn Based combat. Your endgame mission is to become, as the title suggests, the most Renowned Explorer in your club. And yet in another ingenious move, the ""club"" isn't some sort of faceless entity, leaderboard with only you as an existing figure. You do meet other explorers ocasionally, and may interact with them. You have different resources to both make use of and take note of. Three basic resources (Status, Research and Gold) both provide points for the end game and are spent between expeditions on enhancing your resource gathering, recieving different upgrades from a Scientific tree or buying equipment for your team. There are also Supplies and Resolve. First is usually spent while moving during expedition on the overworld map. Should you run out of supplies, you start incurring drastic debuffs, though you still can try to get few last items before facing the boss of this particular expedition. Resolve is lost if you fail certain events, take unnecessary risks or lose all HP on one of the teammates during combat. Should you squander all of your Resolve - you lose this game.The game is using simple but well thought out system of ""Friendly-Devious-Aggressive"" playstyle, with most characters being addept at combination of the two out of three. WIth this comes the only real gripe I can possibly muster with this game - the Attack/Defence stats for Friendly/Devious are the same, yet for Aggressive are different. Basically that means, that in many cases you are attacked by Speeches and are attacking by Speeches, shadowing the necessity of Aggressive builds. Developers try, admirably I must say, to provide decent balance between those, but ultimately I must admit - it is nigh impossible to tackle this issue properly. Still, this system works extremely well most of the time, providing noticeable differences in playstiles even with the same party members used differently.Overworld map of expedition is abundant with events and challenges, of which the turn based combat is anything but prevalent (except for expeditions specifically designed for aggressive parties). In many cases, combat can be circumvented. In other cases, you often can gain an advantage before important battles if you have certain non-combat skills at your disposal. But that is not to say that combat isn't important. Boss of each expedition will still be in your way, and each battle won provides a hefty combat bonus to one of the party members until the end of the expedition. Still, you can gain big advantages before quite a few boss battles using the non-combat skills, usually in different ways. And the game usually allows you to see the chances of success for each possible choice before making the ultimate decision. It might not be too far stretched to say that the Overworld experience on its own is worth the money this game asks.But there is also a turn based combat. One would assume that it would be a mere add-on, poorly executed and without any time invested in it. Far from it, turn based combat makes full use of ""Friendly-Devious-Aggressive"" trio, making it a simple yet very important core mechanic. The battlefield is reigned by ""mood"". Mood being a combination of most used attitude of your party and that of the enemies. Depending on the combination, it provides different bonuses. For example, being Devious against Aggressive opponent provides you with +Dodge chance, while double Aggressive leads to a bonus Devious damage for whoever uses it. As you can tell from it, certain combinations are beneficial, and the mirrored ones are detrimental to your party. Not only that, but using Attitude attacks (majority of the attacks are those) can quickly shift the Mood towards different combination, especially when finishing off an opponent. That leads to an interesting tense combat, especially if you're getting the best reward from finishing the battle with the Attitude that would put the battle in a detrimental to you Mood. Many bosses shift their behaviour, if not all of their attacks, based on the Attitude you may use. And do not fear, most enemies contain a simple yet sufficient explanation of their strong points, weaknesses and possible big changes should you use particular Attitude attacks against them.What else is there to praise? Art style is somewhat simplistic, yet vivid and pleasing. Animations are hilarious at times, which greatly helps with slight repetitiveness of the gameplay. Music and sound effects are much the same - simplistic at times, yet immerse you greately into the overall experience. The game oozes of love and passion that was put into it by the developers.Not only that, but noticeable update to gameplay came out a while ago, completely free of charge. In this update they made some very drastic changes to certain aspects, like Research tree, Mood bonuses, various debuffs and characters. And you know what? The game became all the better. Developer that are both brave enough to change a lot, yet competent enough to make it ultimately worthwhile? On top of that, humble enough to provide it free of charge, when many others would make it a DLC (and do note, it would be worth money in my book)? I am baffled. People who made this game deserve all the praise and spotlight they can get, and even more on top of  that.===================================================================Verdict: I can give only one recommendation here. Watch the video of the game. If you enjoy what you see - the game is exactly that, if not much more. It is worth every penny in its price. Damn, its worth even more than that for the sheer competence the developer displayed. I am extremely saddened, that it somewhat went under the radar. It deserves much more attention than what it has."
76561198023829435,Recommended,296970,25325209,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,codesnafu,"Let me start by saying I love the theme and idea of this game, where you are tasked with becoming a 19th century explorer in a cartoony world full of angry nuns, pirates, ghosts, wolves, etc., who love to bring your expeditions to an early end. With that being said, however, there is a lot to bother the would-be explorer.For starters, don't be fooled by the cartoony, zany exterior, this game plays hard, even for a rogue-like. I don't mind permadeath, per se, as long as it feels fair. On normal to classic difficulty in adventure mode this game will whip your♥♥♥♥♥ I found that playing on normal in discovery mode (more forgiving) was much more fun over all. The gamemakers love to tout that you have to master the mechanics, but honestly the game isn't really that deep over all. Attacks only fall in three categories and there are only a handful of emotions. The deepness of the game is questionable, the cheapness of it at times is not.Now, after getting that big huge dump on the game out of the way, what is good about it? Is it worth buying? I say it is worth buying, but only at a discount of 50% or more. There is fun to be had in this one, especially in exploring the different lands. Still exploration only runs so deep, you can see all the areas in a 2-3 hours, probably even less time if you're real good. For most, discovery will stop there. A couple of things that may keep folks coming back is the plethora of different characters and all the treasures to find. The game is only really randomized to a certain extent, so for many I would guess that a playthrough or two is going to be where folks check out.Warts and all, I have a lot of respect for this scrappy game company. I would love to see how they might improve on a next iteration of this game, because like I said I really enjoyed the theme."
76561198077758604,Recommended,296970,20845338,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Pedro,"Awesome game. A lot of inovatie ideas, that are implemented perfectly. I have rarely seen such a good combat system in a game."
76561198032105692,Recommended,296970,20056584,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,pinfeldorf,"This game is great!  It knows when to take itself seriously (not often!) and does a great job of being light-hearted.  At first I thought the game was really hard, but then I realized I just wasn't paying attention to all the systems it throws at you.  You'll do pretty poorly at first as you learn the quirks of encounters, but the payoff for figuring it out is really great!  I give this game a perfect 5/7!"
76561198009092548,Recommended,296970,20781833,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Melch,"Found this game through TB's WTF is.It's very peculiar and unusual, but definitely worth buying it.Very colourful enviroment and never seen fighting mechanics.Every character has a diffent kit and personality, and the combinations between them are quite various and interesting.In my opinion the game's kinda light-harted in a positive way."
,Recommended,296970,20954317,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Nöffe,Good game. Innovative idea. Updates often. Nothing bad.
76561198053268683,Recommended,296970,21124631,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,ArcticRazor,"You can see that my previous post is 2-3 days ago regarding a crash I was encountering, since my laptop is quite old. The devs helped me out on how to resolve the problem and I haven't had the time to say thanks because the game is just fantastic. It is a very niche game, combining the light-heartedness of indie games and the strategy elements of games like civ5 and Heroes, yet the result is fascinating when combined with the explorers theme. The fun thing is that you can choose to play any mode, depending on your level of concentration and time available. I even played it with my girlfriend, who hasn't any experience in turn-based strategies (or almost any games), and she enjoyed it a lot. We are doing ironman mode (no saves) on hard together now and it is going great.The game is certainly in my top3 games I would recommend to anyone due to its vast spectrum of opportunities and possibilities. Another thing of note is that it very accessible by players with zero experience in the field, yet a lot of fun for players with experience in heavy games (EU4, CK2, Victoria2, Civ~)."
76561198017681447,Recommended,296970,20710275,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,ferretsrule,"Like many before me I came across this game by accident and liked the look and purchased it on a whim, which turned out to be a good one. It’s an Indiana Jones style turn based exploration game you and your crew travelling around the globe, searching ancient sites in the hopes of finding treasures all the while meeting interested personalities. It’s a light-hearted and humorous game with three different ways of winning encounters direct fighting, hurling insults or charming them with your wit. This is an excellent game and would recommend to anyone, thumbs up!"
,Recommended,296970,23385486,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Safari Ken,"I like this game. It's very relaxed, humorously written, and has a fun turn-based ""combat"" system which has quite a bit of depth, once you get the hang of it. The word combat is in quotes because it could be that you're all hurling compliments at each other, or taunts, rather than bullets. Or usually some mixture of the three. I liked the game right off the bat, but after a little experience, when I got the hang of how everything relates, I like it even more.The depth mainly comes from your crew, which come from a pool of available adventurers (you choose three out of I think 20), all with their own strengths and weaknesses. As they gain experience, you level them up with permanent perks and bonuses. It's a lot of fun to put together a crew, and I think it'll just get more fun as I play more (I'm only at around four hours right now), and learn more about the various crew members and level them up."
,Recommended,296970,20743413,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,SickTag,"At first I was unsure what kind of game this was going to be from the trailers.  I am glad that I decided to buy it anyways.  This is probably one of the most fun roguelite game I have played.  I enjoy the randomness of the game.  As of writing this, the company is working on a new expansion for this game.There are tons of different ways to deal with encounters and treasure to find through multiple play throughs.  I can see most of my time online being used playing this game."
76561197997808749,Recommended,296970,20908097,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Sixthwind,"REIS is a great strategy rogue-like with lots of heart poured into the gameplay and writing. This game caters for all types, but I feel gamers who enjoy chasing high scores will particularly enjoy it. Although the game does have a slightly steep learning curve, the multiple difficulty settings and varied playable characters let players set their own difficulty.Do note the plot is window dressing for the game, so people out there who play for story might be disappointed. Having said that, each location you visit feels unique and matches thematically with the events which occur there.I'd also like to point out that the devs at Abbey Games are wonderfully active. They want to continue expanding the game through 2016 and have pushed out regular updates (both balance and content) since launch. They have community challenges on the game's Steam discussion boards which encourage fans to try different combinations of characters and scoring conditions. They also listen and discuss suggestions made by players to continue improving what's already a strong base package.REIS is a fantastic game made by fantastic devs. It is worth your time and money and I encourage anyone who is at all interested in tactical games and rogue-likes to give it a go."
76561197993248610,Recommended,296970,20168035,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,El Mythical 23 k.s.c.,This has been an amazing game so far. Everything i'm looking for in a rogue-like. Buy this game.
76561198036612799,Recommended,296970,20350910,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Civ9001,"Writing my very first review in support of this awesome game.9/10, best game I've played in a long while.The graphics and art are great. There are so many animations and so much work put into it. For example, every character you come across, down to the sheep have 9-10 different facial expressions depending on their mood.The music and sound effects are varied and interesting. Some of the songs I've found myself humming to after stopping playing.The controls are great. I love games that you can play solely with the mouse.The atmosphere and story is lighthearted and fun. You play a group of explorers searching the globe for rare artifacts. Think Indiana Jones. The characters (there are 20 of them) are each so unique. Rare in a roguelite game, you actually feel like they have character.The gameplay, which is the core of any gaming experience, is some of the most original I've seen in years. You have 3/4 different things going on. First you have your character selection. You choose from 3 among 20 characters. There are so many combinations and synergies here it's ridiculous. Then you have the preparation for expeditions, which is akin to X-Com. You manage your crew, giving them jobs, hiring supporters and specialists, outfitting your explorers, then sending them on expeditions. Expeditions follow an FTL-like system of branches, but unlike FTL there's more strategy involved in how you make progress. Each path costs a different amount of supplies, and you have a better idea of what your headed into. Planning your trip becomes a major strategy factor in itself. Most places you go will have branching multiple choice paths. Some of these are very in depth with numerous paths. Depending on your explorers' skills, more opportunities are available to you, making each game very different. Finally, there's the combat which is imo the best part. It's a highly original turn based tactics game where you have a rock paper scissors dynamic of friendly persuasion, devious demoralization, and of course, outright beating the crap out of the enemy. Every character has one basic skill in each of these three, with most being best at one. Then two unique moves. Usually these are very complex with multiple ways to use them. Then 1-2 unique passive moves. Oh yeah, then the passive abilities that the equipment gives you. Oh, I almost forgot, and every character, including enemies, will have different moods which influence their stats. All this combines into a tactical combat system with more depth and variety than just about any other. It's fun as hell.The only con I would give this game is that I wish there were more expeditions to go on (there's about 10 right now). But this is mitigated by the variety within each one, being randomized each playthrough. This fault is being remedied though, in that even in the short time the game's been out they've added a free one, and have more DLC planned. This is why I'm writing this review, please support this game, I want to see it thrive and expand. It's definitely worth the 20 bucks"
,Recommended,296970,22195829,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Desert Fox,Interesting gane mechanics and awesome art style toggled together with a fun plot.
,Recommended,296970,21720822,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,TomGetsIt,"Renowned Explorers: International Society (RE:IS) is a turn-based strategy adventure roguelike. Boy is that a mouthful! I have never seen quite a game like this. RE:IS draws aspects from each of its genres and combines them into a unique experience.Upon first glance at this game it can be somewhat puzzling or appear glaring simple even. You take a team of three explorers, making one of them your captain who gets an extra perk to help you along the way, and conduct 5 expeditions across various regions around the world. Each playthrough will have its own ups and downs and no two will every be alike.At first glance the game doesnt appear to have much content. But the replayability is so high that after ~80 hours of gameplay I am still finding new treasure or trying out different strategies. There are 20 different characters to choose from. Thats 6,840 different combinations! With over a hundred treasure to collect you will find yourself sinking countless hours and playthrough into this game to master every detail. Plus the devs are constantly improving the game and adding more content!There is more than one way to play. Combat is its own unique formula utilizing a rock-paper-scissors weakness chart creating different moods that effect your team. But even this gives way to more depth after you master the basics. Perhaps that boss that is easy to defeat deviously gives a different reward if you are friendly, but becareful because friendly abilities only do half damage to him.The art and the story are both fantastic and the events continue to be amusing even after you've gone through them before. With an active community and weekly challenges there is always more strategies to try and scores to improve.If you like turn-based strategy and roguelikes this is a game for you.It quickly became one of my favorite games to play and I am still learning more and more about the secrets of hidden treasures."
,Recommended,296970,21599180,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Grogman,"Tactical RPG with Rogue-like elements.The combat is fun and whimsical. It was a little confusing at first, but the game really gets very interesting once you get a handle on the mechanics.Definitely worth purchasing.My only real complaint is that it could use a bit more polish, and I've run into the occasional bug (but they aren't game ending and are easily fixed)Edit:I've seen a couple reviews complain about RNG in the overworld aspect of the game. I had trouble with that at first, but if you're having significant trouble with RNG, you probably built a lousy group, or made poor character advancement decisions. on my last playthrough, about 3/4 of the time I had an option for 100% success because my group were well developed in diverse areas of expertise. Most of the time you are also given the opportunity to not take the risk also, there may be 3 options, then a 4th that basically says walk away with no reward (and no penalty)."
76561198079381919,Recommended,296970,20037682,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,mikeydsc,Good game if you like something different other than the same ol same ol. Uses some unique combat mechanics that adds a fresh take on the genre.Dev is actively supporting the game in the forums and by more updates. (Also made the game Rues).Give it a try and you will be surprised. Just take the time to learn the mechanics and then have a good time.
76561197966570381,Recommended,296970,20064795,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,PH3NOmenon,"This game has overtaken FTL as the best roguelike in my library. That should be the only recommendation you need before buying the game, really.The combat mechanics are surprisingly deep, the 'choose-your-own-adventure-storybook' vibe is a welcome breath of fresh air and the overworld phase adds a juicy layer of long term strategy. While the amount of maps and encounters is somewhat limited, I thoroughly admire how different the encounters play out based on your party composition and prior choices. Plus, there's oodles of unique 'epic' enounters which lure you into trying them when they show up, even though you might not be fully ready for them yet. You get a *real* sense of story here, you get to know your party members in such a way that you don't skip over the text of every encounter, like you would in FTL after a couple of playthoughs.Don't get me wrong, while the story element is great this is still an unforgiving roguelike if you play it on that difficulty setting. Your first few games should probably not be played on that difficulty setting. But after two games, when you have a feel for the combat, dive into the richest, most colorful and most tactical roguelike of recent years.The only criticisms I could make against this game are a slightly clunky overworld map and a poor optimization of the graphic engine (a 2D game should be 100% smooth and polished, not 98%). But those  are such minor complaints that I feel petty for mentioning them. This is an expertly crafted game worth every penny of its low cost."
76561198011980551,Recommended,296970,20740074,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,ziggyzeitgeist,"This game is absurdly good and a total steal for $20. The art, gameplay, and writing are all awesome. Do yourself a favor and get this game.I want more location DLCs!"
,Recommended,296970,29199832,Posted: 12 January,all,#laserbean,"My friend recommended me this game. At first, the game did not look that appealing as based on screenshots it was rather simple looking. However, after I started to play the game with my boyfriend, we are completely hooked. Renowned Explorers is challenging as you can set the difficulty according to your skills and expectations. Also, there is a lot of strategy involved in build your team, moving across the expedition map and using your resources. So far we have completed successfully a few games and simply love the game. We can't get enough of kicking Riveleux (I hope I wrote his name correctly)♥♥♥♥♥ Definitely recommend this game to everyone who likes board or strategic games."
76561197995039918,Recommended,296970,29209014,Posted: 12 January,all,Major Major Major,"I checked this out because of Tom Chick on Quarter to Three(http://www.quartertothree.com/fp/2015/09/07/renowned-explorers-discovers-an-exciting-new-kind-of-combat)and have been consistently surprised by how much I've enjoyed playing this game.  It hits a sweet spot between FTL and XCOM for me.  It's warm, nuanced, and endlessly replayable.  It's also anything but predictable-- I love how many nooks and crannies the developers have added to each expedition.  Definitely worth your time!"
,Recommended,296970,18847037,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,UndaddyWTF,"Friends of well designed strategy games / digital board games should definitely check out ""Renowned Explorers: International Society"". Nice 19th century explorer setting, roguelike structure, map exploration + round-based encounters with a great emotion-based system (you can use friendly, devious or aggressive moves, thereby shifting the mood of the encounter and affecting all kinds of things). Items, skills, research trees ...I just would love to have a wider selection of expeditions (this game is designed to be played through several times, each playthrough consisting of 5 expeditions), but because of the way you have limited (but fluctuating) supplies (one of the BEST mechanics), you cannot cover all of the map, so you always miss a lot of surprises for next time. Think: Try to reach the goal without running out of supplies, but at the same time try to uncover as much as you can of the map.Also, great characters, with hidden details ... I really can't bring myself to change the team anymore. A definite 10/10"
76561198026561884,Recommended,296970,17994365,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,niddhoger,"Don't let the cutesy vibe of this title decieve you.  There... is a surprising amount of depth in this game.  Crew have 4 basic stats (phsyical/speech offense and defense) as well favoring one-two of the three combat styles (Aggressive, Friendly, Devious).  Its an important choice to either stack all of these up or keep them well balance, as using abilities will change the mood of an encounter.  Both you and your opponent have a combat ""stance/attitude,"" and the combination of them affects the fight.  If you are both friendly, then the first aggressive attack gets +50% damage! This will immediately change the mood giving you extra speec defense (agains their pansy words!), however they will often swap to aggressive themselves creating an attitude that favors devious damage... which continues the dance.  As moods flip, enemies will react differently and use different attacks/change moods themselves.  Bosses are particularly bad about gaining bonus stats when you flip to a mood that they are hte most vulnerable too.  Even worse, some ecounters are scripted to offer better rewards for completing them in a different mood.  If you aggressively defeat the bandits, you get more rewards.  If you aggressively beat up the crazed abbess, your conscientious members get wracked with guilt and suffer permament penalties!  So even if your party really sucks at deviously, you have to consider weighing the extra challenge of a predominantly devious fight against what you would give up ending it on your prefered attitude... You also normally build up ""Extra ____ when ending a fight ___!"" bonuses.  So is giving up your standard +3 coin tokens on an aggressive victory worth giving up the information/treasure/incuring the curse of ending it that way instead of another? Can you even finish this tough boss battle the ""right"" way? Again, this cutesy game has a mountain of depth!And that is just one half of the game! While all expeditions end in a boss ""fight,"" that might be the only fight you actually perform on the entire hike.  The rest of the map has various loot and challenges that check against your parties ""abilities.""  However, even if you don't have the right ability (like beguiling or archeology), if a character has high enough stats and is the right class... the can ""brute force"" the check.  My last play through had a speaker class with ranks in beguiling and a -very- high speech score.  She was my main attacker, however she lacked any ranks in diplomacy.  When going through a latter expedition with several diplomacy checks, I found that her sky-high speech stat coupled with a natural bonus of being a ""speaker"" was enough to push those diplomacy checks into the 60-70+ range! Everyone else was easily below 20.  This is another level of balancing your party... you need to have a good spread of abilities.  Each of hte locations you can choose to embark on also favors certain abilities and resources.  Embarking into the carribean will grant a ton of research, mostly found through survivalist, naturalist, athletic challenges.  Don't expect to get much use out of an engineer or beguiler! Tactician will be of limited use... but you might find the odd ruined village to excavate.  In the transylvanian countryside, you'll need a skilled diplomat to talk down the superstitious natives and a sharp tactian to deal with all the ambushes by cultists, bandits, and wolves.  So if you lack a diplomat, you'll have to choose.  Do you go to the carribean and enjoy the easy challenges, or do you tough it out in Hungary because you need the renown it offers more than the science? On top of all of this... each cleared expedition unlocks places to spend resources.  Exploring the carribean opens up a shop in New Orleans that sells +speaking element books (extra terrify damage, extra impress damage, etc).  So again, even if you don't want that science or don't have abilities to easily traverse the place... do you still go to unlock those sweet, sweet, books?There is definitely a steep learning curve here... the creators graciously added different difficulty modes to help beginners get into the game and learn how to properly balance a party to dance between moods in combat and navigate the world map better.  In no time you'll be unlocking new captains and finding new treasures to suit different play styles! I really can't recommend the game enough.  If you are willing to put up with the difficulty curve, there is a mountain of depth and replayability here.  Each ""session"" only lasts 5 expeditions that each last maybe 30 minutes? You'll often finish off in just a few hours (or less if you die XD) before going back to the drawing board, so its not like each campaign is a mammoth 10 hour ordeal."
,Recommended,296970,31673532,Posted: 10 May,all,Emperor Norton I,"This game is really quite fun. Don't let the cute artstyle scare you off -- there is a lot of meaty tactical gameplay here, and a fair number of interesting risk-reward decisions."
,Recommended,296970,18254910,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Lord Reliant,"This game is amazing. From the excellent and interesting artwork to the creative and at time hilarious writing, it's a joy to play and recommend. The variety of different explorers makes replaying the game fun, as does the procedurally generated levels and choices unlocked depending on the characters you choose.By biggest complaint is that there could be more content as well as some minor UI issues. Many of these are being addressed in a future update. Did I mention that there's a patch in the works to add another location to visit FOR FREE?Abbey Games does a great job with creative, original games. They're committed to continue to update and expand on their great work, showing a high level of support in the forums and the patches already provided. There's a lot of adventure, fun, and strategy to be found here. Venture forth and discover it yourself!"
,Recommended,296970,17883177,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Angelican,"As of the Emperor's Challenge DLC I'm giving this a 9/10.It's like...Monkey Island had a tactical RPG offspring. I am so happy this actually happened.Great example of excellent difficulty scaling, needed information is there when you mouse over them. Key information is presented very simply and neatly.Deceptively simple, but as it goes along it becomes harder than what you originally thought it would be. Lovable characters, deep and entertaining combat, and a ton of replay value because of the various characters among the 4 archetypes.Only downside I can think of is it's music which is pretty poor, it could do with a LOT more voices to achieve it's comedic approach to a turn based strategy... aaand the post expedition things to do, it could've been more interesting but it doesn't really hamper the overall experience.All that said, I really really recommend it to turn based strategy fans and other people who like the Iron Man table top roguelike style.Give these guys your support because this world need more products like this and not your tried and true rinse and repeat formulas of violence vs violence in turn based strategy."
76561198059932262,Recommended,296970,33255958,Posted: 4 July,all,mcmahana,"Very good game, interesting concept.  Very good turn based combat, some unique gameplay mechanics.  Would reccomend to anyone who likes turn based strategy combat/rpg lite."
,Recommended,296970,22229187,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Ned,"Possibly the best choose-your-own adventure game I've ever played.Lots of text and static art, but its all really good text and art. In ""combat"" there are very simple animations and each character has their own sounds they make, most of them really funny and/or cute. But that's about as far as it goes, there's a lotta reading to be done. Not as much as say Sunless Sea, or really a large number of other similar games, but still a lot if you don't often do this kinda thing.The mood-combat mechanic is funny, interesting, and different approaches often yield different outcomes. Other times, they simply flavor the same outcome, but if you can get into a game like this then that's really just as good as dsitinctly different outcomes.It gets compared to FTL apparently, I KINDA see it but ehhhhh honestly I think its better not to have such a pre-conceived notion about a game like this before playing it, since so much of the game is about how YOU play it; it does share some DNA with FTL, but they're more like distant cousins than brother and sister. For example, if you get totally destroyed in an encounter, you don't necessarily lose the game, you lose what is essentially a life, which is by far your most limited resource (and I call it a resource because it can be traded as though its a real thing for other things in some encounters).  Sometimes your capacity for supplies - essentially your ""fuel"" - imposes a really harsh limitation on you, but there are ways of dealing with that, particularly after finishing a couple expeditions.Also, as an aside, I love Anna. I want to marry her, and after I kiss the bride, I want her to let out that awesome mad scientist laugh <3 <3 <3 (she's also incredibly useful in almost any group). Each character, while some abilities are shared, are unique in fun ways and often a specific character's mere presence will open up unique options (usually to bypass what amount to skill checks in this game).I love it."
76561198024556275,Recommended,296970,19519801,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Señor Jangles,"An absolutely amazing game, so much so that i actually feel compelled to write a review of it, only played for a short amount of time but i highly reccommennd it.Pros:-So much replayability-Great Humor, i love to rustle all of my enemies-Very Detailed Story-Varying story, its essentially a pick your own adventure sort of deal-Simply but intriguing character building-Love the Art Style-Victorianesque era steampunk game-Lovable characters, seriously charles is my favouriteCons-You essentially get 5 expeditions with the team you choose, makes sense but feels confining in a way, an incredibly minor issue-Not enough scottsmen in highland regailiaSeriously though the store page doesn't do it justice, the game will get you hookedSide note, i heard about this game through Jesse Cox's Fan Friday episode on it, if you wanna see what the game is about go check it out on the youtubes."
,Recommended,296970,18444274,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Swii,70 hours into the game - Still Haven't encountered all this game has to offer.Great game with so much potential. More ! More of everything !
76561198055587974,Recommended,296970,25719505,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,brown29knight,"Absolutely amazing game...  Extremely simple to get started with, but extremely deep mechanics.  Each game takes only a couple of hours, but the game has massive replayability due to its large cast, many places to explore, and all the mechanics.Easily one of the best games I have played."
,Recommended,296970,26010980,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,lianna.bme,"It's very funny game, i recommend those, who want to entertain themself while playing. It definitely worth the prize. Grats for the developers."
76561198045882856,Recommended,296970,29750702,Posted: 6 February,all,pharmgrinder,"This is a good game and it seems to be coded well. It works well on Linux Ubuntu 14.04 in fullscreen on widescreen TV. It's easy to see and read the text from the armchair.Good bit of RNG here, so beware if you don't like that sort of thing. The strategy that you pick does matter. I think it has a good balance. The game is deeper than it looks too. The meat of it is in the tactical battles, which at first, will seem easy, but they are not. WIth good tactics you can alter the outcome of the battles, to a point.I noticed other reviewers complaining about the art. It is cartoony but I think it looks good and everything is cohesive. Lot of replay value also. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,296970,17865382,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Chubbs,"SPOILER: This game is fab!So, this is my kind of game - exploration with strategy and RPG elements. The gameplay is quite unique (we rarely saw it before, only something similar in Curious Expedition but this one feels less 'indie'): you gather a party of three advanturers from 4 main casts, and you try to survive 5 advanture, find treasures of all kind - in the meantime you need to improve your brave party and buff them with various things like items, companions and new technologies.The theme is lighthearted ; but I mean no wrong, the level of humour is absolutely acceptable, the game will makes you smile for sure.Also, there is a great depth here and however I still do not understand the encounters (fights) fully it still fun. You will loose your first runs because it's pretty challenging stuff.If you like FTL, Curious Expedition and/or boardgames it's a must have for you then."
,Recommended,296970,17958673,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Lobster of Violence,"Fought what was basically King Kong on a Caribbean Island.  Told him that his underwear stank.  He did not appreciate the remark, and pounded me into the dirt.10/10 would explore again"
,Recommended,296970,18171847,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Soribus,Good puzzle/tactic game with refreshing elements. The artwork is very good. Patches with additional content are flying in. Keep up the good work!
,Recommended,296970,17937611,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,doctorsleem,"How do you want to defeat your opponant? Here are some options: Slice them with your knife, tell them that their underwear is dirty, or get them excited about peace. More options: Terrify them with a lecture, whip them with your whip, or seduce them.Turn-based combat where you can win by dancing with your fighter and then your fighter tells the opponant that they smell like cheese. This happens in this game. And it's glorious.Lots to love in this game. Something for rogue-like lovers and fans of turn-based combat and hard-core strategists and people that love good characters and stories of adventure. Highly recommended."
76561198009609537,Recommended,296970,17929365,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,membrane nanotube,"Don't let the cartoonish presentation fool you-- this game is very challenging.The good:1) Selection of explorers to complement each other.2) The absurbity of fighting sheep, ghost and cultists3) Balancing of emotions to pull off victoriesWhile I love the 19th century theme and the humour, I found the scaling of difficulty very steep. After your third expedition, you will lose over and over again. I found myself using cheap tactics (like blocking narrow pathways with the unconscious bodies of my fallen comrades) to steal victories."
76561198004414724,Recommended,296970,17930446,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Sothicus,"I very much recommend this game. It's funny, challenging and has great replay value (it should since the whole point of the game is to replay it).My only complaint about the game is that there isn't enough carry over from game to game to really help increase the odds of success on your next explorations. For the most part, all you get is the chance to make one of the explorers you can choose from your captain. But other than that, you can always use any of the explorers in your team."
76561198030967116,Recommended,296970,17952195,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,kmhs73,"Abbey Games created a great creative gem with this game; however, there are some flaws that might bother some.* There is a lot of replayability in the game, with a whole bunch of caveats.  Different teams with different skills and approaches means many encoutners and events will play out differently in multiple playthroughs.  And I don't mean easier versus harder.  I mean the difference of storming an abbey full of gun-toting nuns to having a charm off with them.  This all leads to quirky humor which is all good and fun.* That said, I am a bit disappointed in the amount of content.  I know there is a lot of content in that encounters and events are actually just one of many possible events because each event has to be coded differently depending on initial mood etc.  However, I felt my expectations were set high since there was three different tutorial islands, but after that the areas are the same.  I really expected maybe two of three possible expeditions opening for each star level.  I guess that is what expansions are for.* There has been a lot of comparison to FTL, but it is not as hard or as unforgiving as FTL.  You are not forced to press on to harder expeditions because you can win the game (2000 pts) by just doing lower level expeditions.  However, there really should be a scoreboard to track your points to keep you going after those high-point high-risk options.* There are a few bugs still. Nothing game breaking, just immersion breaking.* Different shops unlock after each expedition.  However, they are rewarded in a counter intuitive way and have the same things every play through.  I really wish there was more randomized variety in the gold/item shops versus knowing where the machete is every play through.* Boss battles can also be too rough because of endlessly spawning minions, but in gereanl a coutner strategy of nuking the boss ASAP works.I might have harped on some of the weaknesses of this game, but in reality when you put it all together it is still a great game and lots of fun.  Even though each play through is only 5 expeditions, you do learn about your crew and random events can even lead to character development.  Character development in the story sense not in the game stats sense.  Even though I have dinged the game on lack of content, I am still surprised by what situations my crew will find themselves in.In reality, my critique is really picking the wings off a beautiful butterfly.  Sure one can do it but in the end you are just destroying something that should be appreciated on its own terms.  That said I am going back to play some more by beating up sheep and hugging mummies!"
76561198127109324,Recommended,296970,17909019,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,V69,For Beginners the Negative Reviews do apply but when you keep playing and get to know the game mechanics the game is really easy and fun i can mix and match crew members and finish the game 99% of the time only downside is the expeditions are really short would be better to have infinite expedition game mode so i can beat the top explorers with 5000pts i think  i've also beaten rievalx in w/o doing the last one expedition and  judging from the size of the map hopefully it gets filled by more expeditions little by little.
,Recommended,296970,31895554,Posted: 21 May,all,Hertzila,"A cross between tactics games and FTL-style exploration, RE:IS is a fun and humorous game about exploring exotic locations and preparing for the next journey. The fun, easy-to-grasp game mechanics have a surprising amount of depth to them, both in encounters and in the exploration map. The game's great sense of style compliments the slightly humorous and cartoony gameplay and narrative, with characters straight out of Tintin and adventures out of Ducktales. Do you happen to meet some friendly highlanders on your way to a lost Scottish artefact and talk some sense into them with seduction? Insult and berate wolves into leaving you alone while you excavate forgotten ruins? Or just fight like a gentleman (or a thug) to clear your way to treasure?"
,Recommended,296970,30087753,Posted: 21 February,all,Hominghead,Amazing Strategy RPG Roguelite with an excellent narrative supported by captivating storytelling.
76561198030783350,Recommended,296970,30519011,Posted: 14 March,all,idojenkem,"I got far mrore than my money's worth out of this game, and I go back to it whenever I need something fun, mentally stimulating, and generally uplifting.  Renowned Explorers is a worderful work when it comes to gaming.  The only thing even wavering upon bad that I can think of to say is that I want more and more and more.Amazing job, guys! Thank you!"
,Recommended,296970,19800350,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Barry Trotter,A lighthearted rogue-lite turn based tactic game. It's very good at what it does and with a simple yet deep rock paper scissors combat. It has excellent replayability thanks to the different approaches and play styles you can try. I'd recommend it to anyone into strategy games.
,Recommended,296970,24149517,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Zerotan,"A new take on strategy rpgs... Somewhere between Heroes of might an magic and darkest dungeon, but very bright and cheerful. Fun missions and narrative, good replay value for a while, but then gets stale. Interesting new take on rock-paper-scissors that goes much deeper than I had the patience for especially on roguelike mode. Great value."
76561198048556126,Recommended,296970,31936713,Posted: 24 May,all,Norable,Just one ... more... expedition...
,Recommended,296970,21647251,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,TomⒶrky,"This game is quiet good, contains gameplay for several hours and is well worth the money.The artstyle is just lovely.Especially great are the different ways to play and interact with the nps.Hope they will add dlcs with new missions to increase replayability further."
,Recommended,296970,20144903,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Finite Monkey,"This game is all sorts of great. If the board game 'Fortune & Glory' is the Indiana Jones films, this game is the 'Young Indiana Jones Chronicles'. Rollicking good pun, what what."
,Recommended,296970,20223670,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Drez,"Interesting exploration themed strategy game which treats befriending and verbally insulting as equal in combat to physical attacks. Though really its kind of a rocks paper scissors type mechanic between the three. The exploration is fun, limited by supplies, exploring got better the more I played it as several playthrough are required usually to understand how to get the most out of the various expeditions. Equipment buffs your team members who also level up and learn new skills which help in encounters. The music is not my favorite, art style is fun and cartooney. I recommend this game. It's a lot of fun. Good for kids too."
76561198039606680,Recommended,296970,21380086,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,SirBroomstick,"If you're looking for some less hardcore turn-based game to break up the XCOM marathons then look no further. The art style is fantastic and the characters are very well drawn and look great. It's good for a quick fix as you can finish your 5 expeditions in a couple of hours but isn't tedious and has endless replayability thanks to the crew combinations so you can play it for long periods of time.It has a nice subtle sense of humour and has some funny moments without it being the centre of attention and it helps keep the game light hearted. It has a very unique levelling system that incorperates traits which I found really enjoyable and intuitive.The only negative I have about it is that I didn't enjoy the inventory management much, but it's very simple and doesn't require much of your time.Overall the game is very cute and has a fresh new take on turn based strategy and I would highly recommend it to anyone."
,Recommended,296970,20781638,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Gimpy Illu$trado,"The Good: Plenty to love here!Engaging gameplay.A fun mix of exploration (of course!), stat-based challenges (that roulette wheel mechanic is GREAT alternative to dice rolling), X-COM style tactical combat, balanced with resource management, party-building, and skill tree advancement.Well-crafted world-building.Just the right mix of borrowed historical elements, genre tropes, imperial archetypes, and self-aware humor, all presented with genuine love for the setting.Impressive pan-global character designs.The devs take advantage of the gleeful anachronism to present a more diverse cast, with the bad♥♥♥♥♥female luchadore and distaff Greek resistance fighter being just as credible and important as the grizzled sea captain and stiff-upper-lipped aristocrat. For a game where the fluff is so closely integrated with the mechanics, that's a big deal.The BadFor a game that doesn'tseemparticularly complex, it sure is buggy. I can't run it on my personal laptop, most likely because of chronic problems with MS Visual C++To be fair, there's a vibrant and responsive support community on the forums here, but I just want a game that runs glitch-free from installation.(Fortunately, it runs without a hitch on my work computer.)The UglyAll that effort to choose theme-appropriate character designs, names, adventures, maps, and yetnoneof the fonts and typefaces match the setting. Especially that awfully bland logo!"
76561197994490552,Recommended,296970,20234556,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,HD32PLAY,"Explore Island, Kill Pirates, Explore Jungle, Make Friends With Local Tribesmen, Go To Egypt, Kill Some Of Their Gods, Stumble Across Some Hyenas, Get Annoyed to Death....This game is incredible,  sooo much stuff to do, with great dialogue and storytelling. It feels like a roguelike choose your own adventure book.10/10"
76561197985688190,Recommended,296970,20341314,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,typedef swift_t ツ↴,"Liked:- Diverse, fun set of characters- Very in-depth combat system that requires a lot of planning and tactical thinking- Different ways to play through with different combinations of crew members- Lots of different in game events and encounters that depend on your crew's abilities, equipment, and personality- Great leveling system- Developers are really active and pay attention to player feedbackDisliked:- Not enough people have bought this game, so developers can't develop as much content as people would like. To help fix this problem, buy this game!"
76561198057483405,Recommended,296970,20389672,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,ScrapGenus,"The only problem I had with this game was a little bug when it first launched, and it has been fixed since. If you love FTL, tactics game with grid-turn-based combat, then this is right up your alley. The fact that this game type has no lack of good releases (consider Invisible Inc, Chroma Squad in 2015), it really surprises me that RE:IS manages to differentiate itself with an exploration theme with exploration gameplay, alongside the interesting battle mechanics using emotions and the ever changing mood of battle depending on what you do. For many people, they don't have time to waste on big title open world rpgs that require long sessions, and RE:IS is a great rouge-likelike to play during that short one hour break between work, similar to BOI:Afterbirth or Downwell, and it is very good at that.Would love to have a DLC pack for this game, with more areas and maybe more characters. As of now, the game is well worth the price of entry."
76561197998929508,Recommended,296970,22087748,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,benignfriar,"The game is quite fun, and replayable. I wouldn't call it very casual, there is a lot of depth to the strategy of the game, particularly if you want to earn the high scores. It also isn't very forgiving. If you aren't paying attention to the mood during fights (using your best aggressive attacks while enemies are being devious), you can find yourself getting double damage and lose the game quickly. I've died on beginner island a number of times due to poor attack planning. Still, all in all, quite fun!"
,Recommended,296970,22266139,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,NicoLoco,"What a fantastic game! Comic style looks tricks you into think there might not be much depth to the game, but you would be wrong thinking so.So much fun and TONS of replayability. Balanced difficutly settings and so many combinations of groups to travel with that you won't get tired of the game any time soon.For me the only con is that I can't play a longer marathon game. I would love to have 50 missions to explore."
,Recommended,296970,20034884,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,TimFortress,"nice game, they got a lot free update as well"
76561198044299046,Recommended,296970,20229767,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Heart + Soul,"One of my new favorite games, it is so simple and charming on the surface, but brutal and deep just beneath, you will always be wanting one more expedition, until it's 4 in the morning the birds are reminding you that you have work in 3 hours.10/10 would fall asleep at my desk again."
,Recommended,296970,33386124,Posted: 8 July,all,SpeedyReedyTV,"Endlessly replayable rogue-lite with turn-based battles interspersed through a choose-your-own-adventure game, which follows a group of explorers as they discover treasures and people around the world. Engaging mechanics, great visuals, and some entertaining interactions and storylines make this game definitely worth a look!"
76561197961269000,Recommended,296970,25285614,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,The Milk Man,"A very engagaing game, played it for about 10 hours straight, but I got it on sale. Not sure if its worth full price. The game WILL get reptitive as there isnt a ton of replay value after you win a few times. But for 13 bucks and more that 20 hours of fun? Totally with it."
,Recommended,296970,25459050,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,[J4F] Sentinel,"Great strategy game! Deep, very innovative, reasonably challenging.Several gameplay strategies, and not just one of them is viable. Lots of options, and each choice has its own consequence to be pondered.Charming graphic look & feel, very well animated.Highly recommended!"
76561197999908506,Recommended,296970,25453936,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,tsandl,"A Great Casual Game for People who Don't Like Casual GamesI'm not one for solitaire or Candy Crush clones, but sometimes I still want a game I can play for fifteen to twenty minutes at a time. With some grand strategy games, that's barely enough time for a single round of play.Renowned Explorers is just the game I needed. It's easy to pick up and easy to put down. The game play is deep enough to keep me interested as long as I want it to, but I can also quit when I need to without any fuss. The missions are small enough and the campaigns short enough that I can pick up where I left off without spending a great deal of time trying to recall my plans.Essentially, this is a board game about risk management. There are three attack types with a sort of Paper, Rock, Scissors relationship: Friendly, Devious, and Agressive (yes, friendliness is a form of attack in this game); however, the rewards for each encounter vary depending upon which of the three you favor. Choosing a party that specializes in only one of these attacks can make victory more likely, but may leave you resolving some encounters with little or nothing to show for it. Similarly, your players can level up in a number of skills that increase their chances of winning rewards in the wheel-spinning challenges scattered throughout each mission. Focusing on a small number of skills can make winning the challenges that need them much more likely, but you will be extremely unlikely to win challenges that call for skills you lack.The tactical combat is interesting, but the real meat of the game is in strategic decisions like these. Play it safe and you'll most likely retire an unremarkable explorer; risk it all and you'll almost certainly face humiliating defeat; find the right balance and you might just become...The World's Most Renowned Explorer!"
,Recommended,296970,27310484,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Seneque,"Now this is a very difficult game to describe. The closer comparison to a prior game, though not perfectly accurate, would be FTL -Faster Than Light- except instead of being in space, you're sent back to the exploration time of the late 1800.The goal of the game is to become in 5 ""expeditions"" the most ""Renowned Explorers"". To do so, you need to select a team of 3 explorers, among 20, with their own stats and skills, and try to gather as much ""renown"" as possible by collecting treasures during the expeditions.An expedition is a semi-random map of interconnected nodes containing various ressources and treasures gated behind skill-checks and/or fights, and must be completed by reaching and defeating its associated boss. You have a limited number of free moves or ""supplies"" to explore the map, with some potential resupply here and there. You can explore beyond these free moves, but doing so will net some random penalties to your crew's stats. Too many penalties and defeating the boss may become impossible!Between each expeditions, you can spend your hard gained ressources on various improvements: team stats, skills, supplies, amount of ressources or renown obtained etc.A full run will usually take 2h, or around 30 minutes per expeditions. The first expedition is set (sort of) but you get to decide the next 4 among the 8 available in the base game (10 with the More to Explore DLC). They all come with different difficulties, skill-requirements and themes. The harder they are, the better the rewards.Of course, a game about exploration wouldn't be complete without a world to discover. Renowned Explorers offers a colorful, lighthearted and witty one. You'll be befriending sheeps, insulting lamas and slapping monkeys (they deserve it) while you visit tropical islands, the deserts of Egypt or the forests of east Europe.If my 200 hours on the game have not hinted on it yet: I fully recommend this game."
,Recommended,296970,20103606,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Ranavalona,Really fun and lovingly crafted. To me it feels like I'm playing a tabletop RPG with some friends.
76561198002696085,Recommended,296970,20304645,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Paleblue,"A whimsical adventure exploring locations packed with character. Feels like a choose your own adventure game, remember those books when you where a kid?The turn based battle system / emotion system is very interesting and a unique take on just reducing all your enemies hit points to zero. The character skills and abilities overlap in ways that give rise to interesting tactical approaches. Comparison to FTL are fair, but I feel like I have more control when playing this game based on information about each node, overviews of the adventures ahead etc.At this stage I feel more locations and captains would be a good addition, which I assume is being added in the coming expansion. Also a global leaderboard would be great!I find it hard to believe this game isn't more popular, because it is an absolute class act (with plenty of moustache references, excellent)! Highly recommended!!"
,Recommended,296970,21035176,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Murphy's Law School,This game is actually quite a bit of fun. It goes a lot deeper than I expected on the surface (Which was a suprisingly great thing) as far as leveling up the explorers by choosing perks such. I had to replay the game about 30 times before I noticed [hopfully] all the modifiers and tricks that are going on as far as Moods vs Moods and such. The game is great and I intend to play much more of it.
76561198006870266,Recommended,296970,21110150,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Sabra,Awesomesauce!
76561197966599251,Recommended,296970,19912100,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Warbird,"Excellent.The game is really outstanding.  Funny, exciting, challenging... it's great.  With tech decisions similar to Civ 5 and some different directions to go for character development, there is plenty of planning involved.  Combat is wonderful.  Some have complained that it is too difficult or confusing, and I really hope for their sakes that is not actually the case.  The system is certainly different, but if you have the patience to read a few tool tips, you will do fine.  I wish we were told about what the gold sections of the map do during combat (they regenerate health for those who stand in them) but other than that, I think the player is given plenty of information for how to achieve success in the game.I hope there is more content planned for this game in the future!  Not that there is currently a real lack of new, discoverable content, but just that it's all so good!"
,Recommended,296970,19925494,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,recklessfire,"Interesting and unique mechanic, surprisingly addictive!"
,Recommended,296970,20260255,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Fingolfin,"Very good FTL like game. By that I mean it's a node based exploration game with limited time (supply in this case), each node being an event. Could be a series naratively driven stats rolls or an encounter. Encounters use a turn based tactical system with a strange and interesting emotion component. There is also a solid gameplay layer between expeditions where you can spend your various resources.There is a good amount of replayability, especially if you want to unlock all the captains. With a total of 20 characters for a party of 3, I have yet to try them all. The game is also pretty hard so that's another replayability aspect. I've kinda beaten the game after about 10-12 hours of gameplay (I'm not sure how many playthrough, probably 5+) but by ""kinda"" I mean that I only survived all 5 expeditions, I didn't succeed the real goal of beating the top explorer. Doing that took another 2-3 tries.This is definitely one of the underated gems of 2015, I would highly recommend it to anyone who liked the FTL system."
,Recommended,296970,20327230,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Original,"This game really hit the nail on the head. It's got everything.Pros:-The map exploration of FTL. Most encounters are skill/chance based with combat saved for the rare encounter or boss.-Great great turn based combat. Encounters are kept few and meaningful and you can turn off animations for maximum speed. (Though the animations are great so it's kind of shame to do so)-Loads of different characters.-You are ALWAYS making decisions and the effects of them can really be felt through all aspects of the game.Cons:-Once you run through all of the adventures available once or twice they can start to feel a little samey.So, please please buy this game so they can start making more content! It's easily worth the price as is but its a game that could be expanded so much more, make that happen with your dollars!"
76561198045134762,Recommended,296970,21198551,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,surplus_newt,"This is going to sound insane, but this game actually is what Darkest Dungeon claims to be. Look beyond the anachronistically inclusive pastel Victoriana and the fact that you can win fights by hurting everyone's feelings. ♥♥♥♥ being ""hard,"" this game is complicated. It is also just straight up hard though.The combat is very deterministic. While there is some very minor variation in damage output, so that you can sometimes gamble on killing someone that might otherwise take two hits, the RNG is mostly living in the encounter layout. Once you've seen the board, you really do live and die by your decisions. Everything that matters, including aggro, is something you can manipulate once you know what you're doing. And it's always open to you to say ""Hell with this"" and burn long-term resources so that you don't have to really watch what you're doing in a given fight. Likewise, even if you're down to your last handful of reserve, if you know what you're doing and aren't up against the final boss, you can usually get through.While the tactical side is all good and everything, the strategic layers are where this thing sings. Every single node event is interesting, with a variety of possible solutions. But you can't build a party that can do everything, and you can't always choose what you need to do.  Even before you're picking your actual battles, you have to pick your battles. Throughout, the writing is solid and transparent. Figuring out how to milk a map, calculating how many debuffs you can handle before the boss is confronted, this is great fun.And then on top of that, your entire map behaviour is influenced by a complex of tech trees, stores, and social groups. Spending resources almost always makes the campaign at hand easier in the short term, but resources are almost always more valuable later in the campaign. Is it worth 200 gold for this guy to be great at archeology if it means I can't buy him the best armour later? Should I melt these tokens now to make sure I get through Mali, or gamble that I can beat it without them because the payout will be better after? These are meaningful choices, and you are obliged to make them constantly.This whole game is just lousy with interlocking systems, and they all work extremely well together. It's possible there's some one optimal group and strategy that snaps the game open, but as far as I can tell this just is about the best-designed game of its kind since FTL. It's a bummer that because all its chrome screams ""CASUAL"" people are unlikely to give it the time of day, but it's genuinely balls hard as a game and the fluff is really entertaining. I would strongly recommend this game to literally anyone; you will find a difficulty setting that makes it fun for you."
,Recommended,296970,22284325,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,A Sad Space Rock,"OK, so here's the deal.Do you like quirky writing in the vein of EarthBound but with a steam-and-society twist?Do you like the sharp, stylish aesthetic of Evil Genius, without being zoomed out so far you can't appreciate it?Do you like getting randomed out in hilarious ways?This game does all of those things.  It rules."
,Recommended,296970,19993338,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Raposa,"A really awsome game, with an original (and very articulated) combat system that only with some experience you will be able to master. A big difference in playing with different crews with different perks and attitudes, gives to this games a very high duration, since it makes you want to play it again and again for exploring new parts of the world, finding new treasures and solve challenges with different approaches.Definitely suggested to any rpg lover as a nice change of pace and as a breath of originality."
76561198053644926,Recommended,296970,20108173,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Horatio The First,"This game is weird in the greatest way possible, a must buy for anyone who worships innovation."
,Recommended,296970,20184382,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Criwall,"One of the best ""exploration rougelites"" out there. Everything is works great together, theme, aesthetics, humor and game mechanics create a fantasic little gem of a game. The one thing you could possibly critique is that there are not that many different expeditions and there could be more events possible in each area. But what is there still gives plenty of replayability. Apart from that, this is a solid recomendation and one of the best games of last year."
,Recommended,296970,20337617,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,DivinePandaKing,"One of the best indie games I've ever played. It combines rogue-like, rpg, and strategical/tatical elements with crisp, charming artwork and light, funny characters. You pick three members to go on an epic adventure for treasure, fame, and the bragging rights to call yourself the greatest explorer. Each playthrough lasts at least a couple of hours, and while there are no permanent boosts to carry over across playthroughs, you can unlock a huge cast of characters as you go, allowing yourself over a thousand different combinations of teams and subsequently, thorough replayability. Get this game - I promise you will find yourself saying to yourself at the end of adventures, just ... one ... more ... expedition!"
76561198031369760,Recommended,296970,22287397,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,SkooterWick,I like it.... I like it a lot!
76561197972462277,Recommended,296970,20236474,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,chriskessel,"An excellent strategy/management game, certainly worth the $12 it cost me on sale. The combat and mood/emotion combinations have some real depth to them. The team choices are important.The only drawback is the game doesn't have a deep set of encounter variations. You'll see the same set of encounters in almost every location that you saw the previous run in that location. It'd be nice if there were more variation."
76561198041626360,Recommended,296970,20311790,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Kortni,"This game is a must buy if you like strategy games or roguelikes.I seduced a tribesman for a magic mask, I beat sheep to death for science, and I captured King Kong and sold him to the zoo because that's what Renowned Explorers do. It's all fair game on the way to fame and fortune.This is the first time I've written a review on Steam.That should give you some idea of how much of an impression Renowned Explorers has left me with in such a short amount of time. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND it to anybody who is a fan of King of Dragon Pass, Faster Than Light, or roguelike games. It's hard to describe because this game really is a breath of fresh air for any gamer that's played pretty much everything over the years.It's not really like most other games.The combat system is easily the most interesting mechanic I've seen in years. The last time I was this impressed by a new idea like this was probably when I first played Civilization because it was that different and new ideas in games don't seem to come around all that often anymore. It all feels like more of the same, except for this game.You pick your leader, recruit your crew, and set out on an adventure. You can build a party up of different characters, and there's a lot to choose from. You unlock them as leaders to lead your party later.The super deep ""combat"" system. I can't rave about this enough.You can resolve encounters through skill checks before they happen sometimes, or by using aggression, devious, or friendly moves during them. Or, you can walk around the areas where you know they'll happen if you want. I mean, there's probably even more ways to handle a single encounter than that, but that's off the top of my head. That doesn't even get into the numerous strategies you can use while you're in combat. You don't have to stick with an aggressive approach for an entire encounter. You can switch halfway through to resolve it in a friendly or devious manner.It's hard to explain. You just have to play it.You MUST play it.The game really gives you the feeling that you're exploring the world like Indiana Jones, Nathan Drake, or Lara Croft. You have your crew members, and everybody has their own strengths and weaknesses.The art style is Adorable!If you ever felt like all the wonder was gone in the world. Or like most games are too damn oppressively moody, then you'll really love the tone of the writing, the refreshing art style, and the humorous events that just seem to happen through the stupid decisions you make.The cons:I'm not sure I've found any yet. One bug that resolved when I exited the game. There was an enemy that kept running around my screen like he was on crack after he died. It was more funny than anything.I solved it by saving and exiting the game."
76561197992604711,Recommended,296970,22245113,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Zrin,I came across this game through TotalBiscuit's WTF is...? video on it and I thought that perhaps he was hyping it a little too much.I was wrong.I love this game and I want everyone to know about it.
76561198046026448,Recommended,296970,22215738,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Alco 대마왕,"very pleasant FTL-like, albeit quite an easy one. many characters & strategies to explore, definitely worth its price. would recommend to any rogue-like amateur."
76561197992743972,Recommended,296970,22308458,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Kondor,It's like HOMM 3 had sex with a rougelike and inherited King's Bounty replayability.
76561198076940877,Recommended,296970,33553881,Posted: 15 July,all,sparklecatty,"I avoided this game for some time because it looked like it was just a ripoff of The Curious Expedition, but I'm very happy to be wrong.  I really enjoy this game's unique take on combat, it's got a good sense of humour, numerous ways to accomplish your goal, and just generally a ton of options that make me think it'll have good replayability."
76561198009316076,Recommended,296970,30287726,Posted: 2 March,all,The Matlock,"Renowned Explorers: International Society is a game that is stands out from the pack and is not like any other game you've played. One playthrough of the game only takes about 5 hours, but this isn't a game where you just play it once. You need to play through it multiple times to get the most out of it. The good thing is that there is tons of replaybility to the game.First off, you have 16 characters to choose from in order to make a team of 3. Each one of those characters has unique starting stats, and different skill sets divided into four different classes. On *top* of that, each character has a special ability that gets put into place when they are the captain of the team, but in order to unlock 12 of the characters to use as captains, you need to play through one full game using those characters. So you have plenty of incentive to try different teams to see who works well together and unlock the additonal characters as captains.In addition to that, since there are multiple locations you can visit in a single playthrough, but can only visit five in total, you can taking a totally different route each time. Even if you take the same route, the nodes on the maps can be different each time, or you might end up being able to tackle different challenges with different team members, or being able to take a different approach to certain situations can change things up significantly. In each of the five playthroughs I've had, I've experienced very little repetition.Oh, and one more thing. You have multiple difficulty settings, ranging from Easy, up to Impossible. There's also two modes available; Discovery, which allows for saving/loading anytime, and Adventure, which is an Ironman-style, every decision counts type of mode that turns this into a roguelike. Since you can use any of the four difficulties on either of the two modes, you effectively have EIGHT different difficulty settings.Of course, there has to be enjoyable gameplay to make you want to play through it again and again, and this game offers that in spades. You have a world map, where you can spend 'Insight' that you earn to acquire resources like status, gold, and research, all of which you can then spend in various shops to improve your crew members.From there, you go to one of the expeditions, travel through various nodes exploring what you can based on your supplies, which deplete as you travel. Each node can offer different challenges and encounters that will reward you with resources and treasure as you progress towards the final boss of the map.Now, your ultimate goal in all of this is acquire more then 2500 renown and become the worlds most renowned explorer, and you earn this renown through treasures, and from the various resources depending on how you play the game. It is actually fairly deep and complex so I'll leave it to you to figure out yourself, but once you get it figured out, it's very rewarding.The most enjoyable part of the game, at least for me personally, is the encounter system. It's based around emotions; you can be aggressive, which is your standard just 'beat the crap out of everyone' type of thing; but then have devious abilities, which consist of taunting and mocking your opponent to make them angry, sad and scared; or you can even use friendly moves to make them worship you in amazement, or convince them that your cause is the best one. The battles can change drastically depending on which mood you use, and what your opponent decides to use. Also, resolving specific encounters in different ways offers different rewards, and depending on who is in your team of three, you might be better suited to one type of mood or another. There's a bit of a rock/paper/scissors deal with the emotions, but sometimes it's not as simple as using the right emotion at the right time. Again, I'll leave the intricate parts of this system for you to figure out.If you hadn't figured it out yet, I 100% recommend this game to everyone who's a fan of turn based games, as this offers something completely different from the normal stuff you find. The replay value alone is worth the money, along with excellent developers, a welcome community, and weekly challenges available from the forums that you can try your hand at for bragging rights.Bottom line: go buy the game and get to exploring!"
,Recommended,296970,31759508,Posted: 14 May,all,- อืม กินดิ -,"after i beat Impossible Mode and reached every possible ways of strategic  as i cani can say , this is one of the best Turn Based Straegy GamePS. Aggressive easiest to deal with  while Friendly is a hardest way  , my opinion"
76561198042505353,Recommended,296970,34177225,Posted: 11 August,all,CalebR,"A fun little game with a short but very replayable “campaign”. Don't be deceived by the cartoony graphics, this game gets pretty difficult sometimes (particularly at the end). The Emperor's Challenge DLC is in no way required to enjoy the game.Pros:-Excellent “digital boardgame” feel-Great replayability-Captures the feeling of adventure and exploration-Kinda humorous (it'll at least make you smile in some parts)-Different team combinations leads to very different play-styles and problem solvingCons:-A lot of tasks in the game rely more on luck than skill-The first levels get pretty repetitive but you have to do a couple of them every playthru.Overall, 10/10. I'd highly recommend it."
76561198067996944,Recommended,296970,34531146,Posted: 27 August,all,brandonnj84,Unique twist on tactical RPG. Great art.
76561198000325629,Recommended,296970,25288525,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Echo,"I'm usually not a fan of roguelikes but this one hooked me. Interesting battle system, characters, adventures and meta-game on how you plan each voyage."
76561198069619221,Recommended,296970,34382675,Posted: 20 August,all,BishiDe,"I held off on reviewing this game for the longest while. I found myself just playing Renowned Explorers only every now and again. Over time I realized I kept coming back to Renowned Explorers. An expedition or two every Saturday or Sunday morning. Drinking coffee and deciding where to go and who to bring. Stumbling into crazy encounters against spitting llamas and evil crabs. Insulting a giant ape, being friendly with the sheep, storming a nunnery... Watching my quirky crew growing closer over campfire stories or more often then not creating strong rivalries instead. Trying to figure out which resources to gather and how to spend them. Balancing my agressive actions with devious takedowns to maintain the mood.All of these things are different everytime you play depending on the choices you make. Even trying to repeat a playthrough, with the same crew. as closely as you can recall is different. It's such a well done rogue-like. And it only gets clear how much content there is and divergence once you start trying different things.It seems cartoony and childish at first glance, but there is so much to learn to improve your game. It was frustrating at first, me being a person not to play below classic difficulty and I love how rouge-like adventure mode is (defeat means game over). But, learning how to play has been half of the enjoyment.In all honesty this is by far the best indie game I hav ever played. I can only hope there will be continued support from the devs and possibly more very well done DLC. Very much recommend both DLCs, especially More to Explore."
76561198054506788,Recommended,296970,23921301,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Devin,"This game is probably one of the most charming games I've played. Every corner of it is packed with personality.The gameplay itself is very fun as well, with great replay value. I've played several full runs through the game and I still want to play it more.I can easily say I recommend this game to anyone who enjoys turn based strategy or roguelikes."
,Recommended,296970,33098575,Posted: 1 July,all,Sterph,"Absolutely addicted. I love the turn-based, rpg, and strategy elements. With already 20 hours in, I am finding that the more I play, the more interesting the game becomes. I am just now able to fully comprehend all the different aspects of the game and how they fit together- that is not to say it is confusing, but complex. I enjoy the variety of game play: selecting a crew based on copasetic traits, weighing the options between which locations to explore and how to ration resources, turn-based strategic combat, earning/spending points and loot- and more.My favorite part is probably the fact that your choices do affect gameplay. I'll realize the hard way that I haven't picked a balanced crew when I am getting absolutely killed in tactical challenges or during an ""agressive"" combat. There is a small element of randomness (which I think is fun) during some of the interactions but it is by no means a huge part (meaning, it doesn't make it fluffy). Overall good gameplay (in options you can turn off most redundant/lengthy animations), lovely graphics/art style, reasonable sound effects and music (I am sensitive to repetitve/annoying AF sounds), and well worth the summer sale price (or full, honestly) when you consider how many hours you will pump into this.Two things I wish: co-op (local or online) would be amazing and I would pay $$$ for that! Also, some kind of online leaderboard or way to compare stats with other players or just some over-arching thing that lets me know how I compare to other peeps with this great game."
76561198004553140,Recommended,296970,20432633,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Moral Wiz,"A newfound classic!Gotta say, I'm REALLY glad I picked this up. I liked the art style, but the mechanics looked a little confusing, different currencies, lots of stats ect. For those like me who are easily put off by more indepth RPG elements, I must encourage you to try this out! The stat management hits the right level of depth, interesting without requireing crazy micromanagement. What's more, the design and setting is wonderful! This should've gotten more attention: here's hoping one more review helps it out."
76561198044626433,Recommended,296970,17906173,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,msemanko2,"If FTL and XCOM had a baby with a fairly complex combat system that let you choose between attacking, tricking, or befriending your enemies, that baby would be Renowned Explorers: International Society.  Every game is like a ridiculous story.  You explore with an FTL-like map.  You manage resources over an expedition, which can include multiple combats.  Then you go up to the strategic level to spend, spend, spend those glorious resources.I love this game.  Combat is a little tricky to get the hang of, but it's definitely worth your time and money."
76561198074812617,Recommended,296970,18733476,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,WuYiXiang,"A fun rogue-lite adventure game with a lot of character depth and interactions. Unlike many developers, Abbey Games actually spends time and effort getting involved with the community and tries very hard to improve the game. The greatest example is the free DLC, Mali Mystery, which I found to be an incredibly fun little excursion. Definitely my favorite purchase of the year, and that includes Grand Theft Auto V.- Note:  If you're reading this, guys, I would totally not be averse to purchasing some extra DLC."
,Recommended,296970,18624541,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Ron Mexico,"Do you like RPGs, board games, roguelikes and exploration?Look no further, this game is just what you need!Don't believe me? Just check out the trailer for this game or search for it on youtubeYOU will not be sorry!Buy it so they can get the money to expand this into eternity(Also They should make a boardgame out of this)"
,Recommended,296970,28147716,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Hal,"The game description label this game as a ""rogue-like"" and a lot of reviewers draws comparisons to FTL. Valid points but this game is so much more.Basically this plays like a VERY good singleplayer boardgame with an intuitive UI. (Unlike ""Rogue"")A game is usually 15-30 mins - Perfect for a relaxed casual session whenever.The balance between stategic decisions such as team composition, hiring helpers etc., tactical decisions, mostly encounters, and RNG is just close to perfect. (Unlike FTL: RNG-kill, just... because)I bought the game at a slightly reduced price, enjoyed it so much that I bought the DLC as soon as I realized it was available. 22 hours playtime may seem low but I play steam games about 1-1½ hours a week on average: I may be old, but good games like this always (to an extent) beat wife-aggro."
,Recommended,296970,18399450,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,klafu | Allstarion,"You can attack nuns, befriend a giant Ape and Insult a ghost! What else do you want ?I love this game and i  want to beat that arrogant prick Rivaleux over and over again :D"
,Recommended,296970,19404937,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Sound Rules,"This game is something special. The combat is innovative and VERY deep. It's really rewarding collecting treasures and I look forward to trying to collect them all. I can't really think of any complaints and for 21 dollars this game is an absolute steal. I like it so much I bought my friends a few copies as well.If you are on the fence about this title I highly suggest you pick it up, you won't regret it.Hopefully the developers release DLC for this game, I wouldn't hesitate to buy it."
76561198072086580,Recommended,296970,17910573,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,sugebearx,"Edit...First Update: Ok...I'm getting kind of addicted now. My first run was my best and now I am kind of getting owned. It's an even deeper game than I thought at first blush. Lol...Now that I actually know what I am doing and what I have to do to win, I find the game a lot more challenging. I love this game and I would highly recommend it to almost anyone.I'll update this once I have put more time into the game, but I wanted to get a review in early. I really had no idea what to expect when I purchased this game...It was an impulse buy. I loved Reus, so I decided I wanted to support the devs. So far I'm really happy I did. The game is charming and I love the art style, but what surprised me was the depth of the systems and mechanics. I really shouldn't be surprised...Reus was an incredibly deep game, so it's easy to see Abbey Games has chops.My only real complaint so far is the same one I had about Reus...the mechanics can be a bit overwhelming and there isn't quite enough tutorial material to help you learn. That being said, once you put in a bit of time and figure everything out it's a ton of fun. Truth be told, learning on the fly was probably more fun than a lengthy tutorial, but folks that don't usually play this sort of game may get a bit frustrated. Though I am still in the early going, I highly recommend this game."
76561197994394765,Recommended,296970,17862742,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Ahmadin,"This game is pretty awesome!I believe mid-game and late game encounters get a bit of a cluster (your party, a maximum of 3, against some 10/15 enemies) and those 20 bucks are a bit rough on the price, some 12/14€ would be way more valuable. Still...You get to go on amazing adventures with 3 explorers, with 4 classes to choose from, each one unique. The maps are random generated under a theme (like, Pirate Den, Ancient Castle, so on) and the combat system is EXTREMELY friendly. I love the sense of exploration.PCGamer compared this game with FTL, since it's a roguelike with time limits, but other than that, this game is on a place of it's own. I love the victorian ""Exploration Era"" vibe it exudes and the gameplay helps keepin up with it.Cheers."
76561198060267094,Recommended,296970,17928634,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,friedogre,"This game is one of the more unique games I've seen in awhile so I'm going to leave a review and recommend it.  Anyone who likes turn based strategy games should give it a go in my opinion.It's quite fun trying to unlock new characters and places, building up your characters, entourage, teams, inventory, etc.  Deciding how to mix and match your captains (once you unlock them) versus which crew.Combat is unique in that it's not just hack and slash.  You have to pay attention to mood and how to manage your crew's mood versus your opponent's mood to be successful otherwise you'll quickly lose or be overwhelmed.That said, it can get a bit repetitive as far as places and encounters go (especially encounters).So, I'm looking forward to what they do when they give us some expansion packs and so forth.  I really hope they do because I really like what they've given us here.  My advice to the developers here is..you've got something here.  Now run with it and give us more in the same unique vein you've started with."
76561198008063245,Recommended,296970,17918315,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,AcereraK,"- Differentiated personalities, developed in a very creative way (each char has personal animation for each abilty, for example)- Great Perk system with real impact in the game, giving even more flavor and variety- A lot of replayability of every expedition without losing any of its characteristics, storytelling and general ambience- Great graphics and animations, simple but very well done- A lot of funny moments to encounter and laugh about- Retry with different groups since gameply changes dramatically (for better or worse...)- A ton of potential and expandability (free new expedition in the making!)- Challenging- FunBuy it, play it, enjoy it and pray for more games like this to be done."
,Recommended,296970,17883578,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Puzzles,"This game is real fun. The discover mode can be easily cheated using your save/load function, so it's most fun to play without cheating that way.The game gives you a wide variety of characters to choose from, each having different kind of abilities. Luckily, in the game, when selecting characters, it shows you which of the explorers are best compatible with eachother. This helps beginners a lot, since the game is tougher than you might think.It's really addictive when you start playing, due the the countless choices you can make in the game.I do wish you could go on more expeditions than just the few you get every playthrough. But overall, I really recommend the game for people who love strategy games or just want to kill time."
76561198027271290,Recommended,296970,17869209,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,stanmons,"Fantastic sense of exploration with various character types and combination of a crew that can be assembled from them. Expeditions are interesting with great story, skills checks, rewards, treasures etc. Encounters are very strategic: you need to think how to combine various types of ""attacks"" including speeches etc with the overall mood of the encounter and enemy weaknesses. Especially boss fights require thinking.The random nature of events is very fitting to the theme. This is a game for explorers, not for predicatable calculations. Go with the flow."
76561198244137134,Recommended,296970,17906677,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Asterian,"A very fun and challenging strategy game that will keep you entertained.  The game is set up to make it very hard to beat on the first run-through; this way you constantly try new strategies and unlock new captains.  Because there is so many different combinations of explorers to have on your team, each run through is fresh and has something new for you to find. Definitely worth buying.Art & Design: 5/5Storyline: 5/5Gameplay Mechanics: 4/5"
76561198030691694,Recommended,296970,17919464,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Thijzzie,"It's a fun game, which really causes you to want to keep playing. I've had a great time with it till now."
76561198005673014,Recommended,296970,18692307,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Perzyn,"I saw this game through Total Biscuit's WTF is... episode (see it here if you are interested:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EXCleyTTShY)and bought it instantly. I regret nothing.It is a very entertaining rougelite experience, with tactical turn based combat. There are similar games out there, but RE:IS has some features that make it stand out from the crowd.Firstly theme and aesthetics. Game is set in XIXth century from the pulp novels of the era. It is the world of high adventure, voodoo pirates, mummies rising from their sarcophagi, travels around the world and exploration. Characters are embodiments of the tropes associated with that genre and they are given decent personality through simple things like their visual design and animation, despite almost complete lack of dialogue.Secondly, combat. It is relatively simple, but uses a ""mood"" system to create interesting variations with each encounter. Video linked above explains it in more detail, but in short - each move in battle fits one of three moods: Friendly, Devious, Aggresive. Depending in each side's mood, party is affected by buffs or debufss. Add to it the fact, that ending encounter in certain ways may give different rewards and it creates a set of decisions going far past spamming the strongest available attacks.Thirdly, the charming narrative. It strongly connects with the first point. Each encounter (in verty FTL-esque) manner has a short description (or set of descriptions) which capture the adventureous feeling of the whole thing.There is one problem with the game, namely number of different adventures available. Within few hours it is possible to see every one of them (but not to see everything they offer - supplies acting as a time limit make it difficult to see everything on any map within one play). This is however prone to change since devs promised to keep content patches coming through the 2015 and in 2016, provided they can afford it.So here's the selfish part - go buy and play RE:IS. You'll have fun and I'll get chance for more content :P."
76561197993063702,Recommended,296970,29106816,Posted: 7 January,all,PrinceDarling,"This game in general plays like a board game, but where the mechanics of a board game which slow down play are taken care of by the game.  I am had a stupendous time playing this game and would recommend it to anyone who wants a board game experience but can't get friends over for a play."
,Recommended,296970,17967884,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Abdul Alhazred,"There's a lot of complaints about game balance, but the idea is to amass treasures. The more you have the easier it gets later. You also need to accept that dying is a thing, its part of the game, yes it can be frustrating but its also an element of fun. The emotions, mood, and skill sets in the game really make you or break you so try different things. This may result in many deaths or you might randomly win by 5 points unexpectedly like I did. Overall this is fun and charming, exploration is deadly prepare your butts."
,Recommended,296970,18046727,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,chuangtastic,"Overall a very fun game in that it mashes together two concepts: Score grinding and RPG/Tactical elements.  This is great especially if you like playing games that have a strategic flair, but do not necessarily have the time to throw down to learn the ins and outs of the game.  Losing does not feel like ""losing,"" as you can just pick yourself up and try again.  Would recommend to anyone that just needs a time burner for 30 to an hour."
76561198011604143,Recommended,296970,18081498,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,ScoutMaggs,"On one hand its a diamond in the rough on the other.. That is one pretty frickin awesome diamond.The gameplay is absolutely great, exploring is great fun and the combat is a mix of rock, paper, scissors and chess. You fight by either being agressive, devious or friendly. Depending on what attacks you use the mood of the battle will change, awarding buffs or de-buffs, and enemies will be weak/strong versus certain attacks. Balancing damage output with trying to keep the fight in a favorable mood while keeping your team alive can be quite the challenge.One of my favourite parts is putting your team toghther from the 20 or so characters. Depending on your set-up the game will change quite drastically, some encounters will be much easier, others down-right impossible. Maps will also become easier or harder depending on who you bring with what kind of skillset. Speaking of the maps, there arn't that many but they do change their layout with every playthrough. The main encounter (boss) of each map will never change but there are several mini-bosses that awards treasure that keeps it feeling fresh as well as different challenges and encounters in general.On to the negative. Technical issues. There are quite a few. At least on mac. Some maps are nearly un-playable because of FPS issues, There are some skills that don't seem to work properly. Graphics when you're fighting can get a bit wonky making everything blurry.But even considering the technical stuff this is an absolutely amazing game that I have had a ton of fun with. Buy it. Buy it now."
,Recommended,296970,18044956,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Futch,FTL meets Fire Emblem.
,Recommended,296970,19473143,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Darkstar,"Feels a lot like FTL, but with ways to bypass some of the RNG pain if you want.  Very colourful, full of personality and innovative!Highly recommended."
76561198003349633,Recommended,296970,19428583,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,TheAtlasBoy,"A wildly entertaining game of discovery. I've been playing 50 hours as of this post, and I keep discovering new combinations of characters, locations and events. There are many levels of strategy and risk management under the hood here, but every one of those levels is fun, not grindy. I can't think of a lot of games that encapsulate the notion of a ""series of interesting choices,"" even as the random elements of gameplay force you to change up your strategies on the fly. This is one for the ages, folks... check it out."
,Recommended,296970,19451776,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,faggor king of gaystonia,in my head i pretend the bad guys are saying swears
,Recommended,296970,22720519,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,nemowsz,"10/10 would recommend this game.It's a roguelike. There's so much content. SO MUCH REPLAYABILITY.The writing in this game is funny, the soundtrack is pretty nice. The art, while looking cartoonish, is charming and definitely betrays what this game essentially is.This is a game full of risk vs reward and planning. After your first couple of playthroughs, you might want to go for normal mode. Which isn't easy. Every decision you make heavily impacts what happens in the down line. Maybe not all the way, but definitely for some time.Choose how you want to play this game. Be friendly, devious or aggressive, and focus on either research, money or fame.This is definitely a complex and tight game. Which makes for the subsequent playthroughs even more interesting.There are over 20 characters each with their own little backstory blurb, movesets and perks. Making the most out of them is what you want to focus on here. Everyone of them is uniquely designed too.Just try it. It's fun."
76561198126939378,Recommended,296970,19463156,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,DeputyGovernorOfSmiles,"Renowned Explorers is a bit like heroin. it seems like♥♥♥♥♥♥in the beginning, but once you get hooked it's over :DThis is a seriously well done roguelike with pulp fiction elements and one amazing cast of characters.Pros:- Characters, there's plenty of diverse explorers, each neatly designedfrom the Luchadora to the Russian 'bear' to street orphans, all the cliches of a good adventure are here- combat system. it is based around emotions, giving you 3 'basic' ways of solving an encounter (Friendly, Devious and  Aggressive). and it's more complex than one might think- great soundtrack- beautiful artwork- fun storylines and expeditions, Transylvania, Mali and even Shangrila. there's lots to do- plenty of discoveries to be made. 15 hours in I have half of the trophies one can find- atmosphere, can easily swing from light and funny to heavy and dramatic- it's really hard to beat if you do not start on the lower difficultiesCons:- no. no and no.Verdict:Renowned Explorers is one hell of a roguelike. I spent days upon days on FTL, and until now none came close to that experience.RE lets you build the adventure by throwing appropriate chunks of story and exposition and combat at you. The characters are all crafted with love and a keen eye for 1930s/1940s pulp stories.Fans of Atomic Robo, Hellboy, The Spirit or Quartermain, will definitely find this pleasing and vastly entertaining.Ontop it offers a fresh and sometimes hilarious combat system, and enough loot and characters for the collectors among usIt poses a decend challenge, even for the more experienced of us, but can equally be enjoyed casually in the exploration mode.No doubt, get it."
,Recommended,296970,19522148,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Twistedironpaw,"I am in love with this game. Its level of abstraction remains constant over all of its mechanics (except for shops, which are very simple mechanically, compared to the rest of the game's depth and breadth.) The art is done fantastically. Everything about this game oozes polish and makes the game more enjoyable. If you share my aesthetic biases, and you want to immerse yourself in a world slightly brighter and more fantastic than our own, with your own adventuring party, with each possible explorer being full of character and incredibly enjoyable to observe and interact with, and with every step along the way seeping with immersive little details, buy and play this game. It's obviously a labor of love.And if you do choose to buy the game and share my aesthetic biases, I reccomend Classic difficulty, on Adventurer mode. It adds a great deal of tension to your early games, and really gets you invested in the incredibly fragile lives and careers of these wonderfully simple and unique characters. It also makes you (variably) as happy as your party would be when they manage not to run into trouble.I give it a resounding 9.8/10. Close to my heart, near perfect."
76561198019422385,Recommended,296970,18769199,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,turnerjer0000,"Fantastic.  Wonderful.  Delightful.  My GOTY for 2015.my (as of rn) 231.3 hours on record do not include the 30 or so hours i spent previewing it.  i meant to only spend like 20 minutes previewing it, but it is that good.  it is also true that i literally stole money to buy this game.  i put it back before anyone was the wiser, but still, this game is so awesome that it temporarily turned me evil."
76561197970541793,Recommended,296970,23429616,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,LoveAlotBear,"Really enjoyed this game. A little hard, but the game play is fun, and the randomization is awesome.Finally beat the game on my 10th try on Normal, and now I kinda want to get the DLC. :)Pick it up! At full price if you have to!"
,Recommended,296970,23478180,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Cinnamon Bear,"This game turned out to be a lot more than I was expecting. Its cheerful and cartoony, but has very tactically fulfilling and difficult gameplay. The more I play the game, the more depth I discover in manipulating the emotion systems. The larger strategic elements- the planning and preparation between expeditions, and the actual exploration- also do not disappoint.The adventure mode ends after five expeditions, which is just at that sweet spot where its not so short I feel like I only just started to get rolling, and not so long that I'm discouraged from replaying or restarting after mistakes wipe out my expedition. Theres a good variety in the expeditions, but obviously I'm hoping they continue to release more support or DLC for the game.Speaking of which, I whole-heartedly endorse the More to Explore expansion. The campfire element, which reminds me of Darkest Dungeon, and the character stories add a lot more narrative and strategic depth. The additional two expeditions (Andes and Lost Island) are also some of the most entertaining with multiple ways to complete them.Finally, I really like that the game presents options other than violence for achieving your goals. I mean, you can still stab and shoot your way to riches if you really want to, but you don't have to. Friendliness is just as (if not sometimes more) effective.I picked this up on a whim, and its quickly become one of my favorite games!"
,Recommended,296970,24120012,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,tabascoTea,Game MechanicsInnovation4/5Originality5/5Complexity4/5Depth4/5Story Integration5/5
76561198199241066,Recommended,296970,25932664,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Mozilla Firefox,This game is amazing. I love the concept and the execution doesn't disappoint. I've played through at least 10 times and it hasn't gotten old yet.
76561198072000896,Recommended,296970,21924218,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,LilGeekKay,At first the game seems simple but there is truly so much to learn but not in an overwhelming manner. One of the best indie games I have had the pleasure of playing in a long time and I will definitely be recommending to friends.
,Recommended,296970,19848352,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,*^SaoSin^*,"Fantastic addictive game. Mechanics are deep and gameplay is each time diffrent by random generated events. Although its not completely RNG. Game is gonna last for many, many hours. :DA lot of new locations were added for free. My only minus for this game would be that shop window and character window likes to block on each other, meaning that it is sometimes hard to read or skip into the other window. And maybe, lack of new characters although 20 is enough I guess?@EDIT 2016:Most of my problems got solved there will be additional journey although not free I dont mind it game is complete as it is now. It is nice to comeback to this game it brings reasonable challange and fun. Huge number of achievments I still lack."
,Recommended,296970,31084958,Posted: 11 April,all,jcawthray,After 10 hours oif challenging and rewarding gameplay i can honestly say this game is a welcome change of pace and a truly unique expierience
,Recommended,296970,17866381,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Lyellin/Ajapeu,"For those that want to get a sense of how the game starts off, you can check out the video attached. This is a blind playthrough of the first level, where I've not played or touched the game at all - so all of my reactions are similar to what you may experience when first loading.As a note - I had a great time, and plan on playing this on my channel, so my review is very positive.https://youtu.be/HWk4Tm9KkFI"
,Recommended,296970,17861202,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,shakkya,Excellent little game.
76561198195968330,Recommended,296970,17862036,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,simurgh,"Great little game, with an inventive approach to combat, a jaunty and entertaining vibe, and a satisfying sense of progression. Well worth the time."
76561198030965719,Recommended,296970,17869068,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,NerdyVampire,"Bought it, played for 3.8 hours straight, would continue if I didn't need sleep. It's a great game, although there are a few tweaks that could improve it, namely to the movement controls, which is sorta hard to control when you're dealing with giant monkeys blocking the field. Otherwise, it's never really a problem. I was sceptical about the price at first, but now that I've played it, it's well worth it. I can already say that I am going to be playing this to my moneys worth.Buy it, play it, if you haven't fallen in love with it after an hour, just use lovely the steam refund policy. (check up on it before, just to be on the safe side) :)Controls are easy to learn, the concept is simple, the execution makes it an instant classic to inspire."
76561198006660339,Recommended,296970,17876194,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Luke,"Charming diversion. Clever tectical combat based on novel mechanics like mood, speech (insults, confidence generating etc), or guile.  Fun situations."
76561198019774166,Recommended,296970,19287496,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Galactose,"I will start this review by saying do not start playing this game if you have something important to do in the next two days. This is because a single runthrough of the game might only take 1-2 hours depending on how fast you are going, but if you are like me you will have played ten times to make sure that you unlocked charachters, played on every difficulty, tried every strategy (of which all can yeild a positive outcome and a very different playthrough), and visited every map.The most important thing in this games favor to me is that you do not have to be a stereotypical murderhobo. While it is possible to kill locals, it is probably more viable to befriend the locals in many maps. The second amazing thing about this game is the style and the sense of humor. This is the best roguelike I have ever played, and I hope you give it a try."
,Recommended,296970,17884442,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,sokolov,"Much like Reus, enjoying this game quite a bit.  They are innovating and putting out quality content at reasonable prices and is a company well worth supporting.Gameplay is daunting at first, as there is a lot of icons and unfamiliar terms, but the basis is fairly simple, and UI tooltips are informative and useful in most cases.You are essentially making educated choices as to where to apply your limited resources and what challenges you want to face.  While I haven't played it too long yet, the randomness does seem like it'll keep things fresh and interesting.Writing is well-done and enjoyable, and the core mechanics are fairly addictive (I want to find all the treasure!).Link to my Youtube video showing some gameplay:https://youtu.be/c0Uu7el0aXA"
,Recommended,296970,17929139,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,ipapotihus,"Rogue like and exploration work great !I took a guess on this game and I don't regret it. To complete a game it took about 2h. Its a mix between FTL and expedition conquistador.Pro -The artThe gameplayThe possibility for some DLCThe great feeling when you winThe possibilityThe gestionAgainst -The only thing I can say agains this game its that I'm unable to finish/research everything. It bug me because I'm an achiever, but I do enjoy it and I will try to unlock all the achievement.I will get my 20$ value"
,Recommended,296970,17882373,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Volatile Schemer,"Recommended for anyone who fancies turn-based combat (not very deep yet challenging and fun), resource management, mild rpg and strategy, positive vibes, charming atmosphere of expeditions, and a very fresh approach (throw insults instead of fireballs!).Beware though, game involves a prevalent RNG mechanism to solve map events and includes a non-counterable evade chance in combat. It also suffers slightly from lack of variety - while maps for locations are unique each time there are just seven expeditions (plus tutorial) and they are unlocked in a fixed manner. Completing them rewards the same unlocks every time and generally the entire resource management phase is fixed (always the same items in shops, same specialists to hire)."
76561198047954782,Recommended,296970,17921798,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Hero-of-Canton,"Edit 3: They have made SO MANY improvements for this game that basically every minor complaint I had with it is now irrelevant.  There are more places to explore, tech is now no longer based on your team build, there are more events in locations and more interesting decisions to be made there along with tons of balancing patches.  You heard right BALANCE PATCHES IN A SINGLEPLAYER GAME to improve the play experience.  The Dev team is fan-freaking-tastic.  If you like rogue-likes, buy it, if you like turn based strategy, buy it, if you like adventure games buy it!  The only feature that might put people off is the learning curve.  You really do need to figure out the strategy elements in this game, which are a little weird at first, but after that the difficulty settings let you make this anything from hardcore score-attack to casual lunch-breaker game.  It's really flexible that way.This game is great.  It has an awesome choose-your-own adventure style and a lot of replayability.  The mood and combat system is a bit confusing at first but it's not too hard to learn and it really makes things interesting.  There's a big FTL or Binding of Isaac kind of feel where it's a short experience that can turn out in different ways.  My only problem is that is simply doesn't have the unpredictability that those games do.  There are 10 different levels, 5 of which you explore in each playthrough, with their own strategies and secrets which are randomly placed on the map, but always present and always the same.  The characters abilities are slightly customizable over the course of the game but not a ton, this isn't much of a problem though as each 30 minute playthrough will use 3 out of the 20 characters.  However besides character selection there's little deviation between playthroughs.  In FTL or BoI finding the right weapon at the right time can swap your whole strategy, not so much here.  Your strategy is set by the characters and missions you chose, there's no evolution.  It may sound like I dislike the game here with this rant but really it's just that I love it so much and I see so clearly what it could be with more levels and more evolution.  If this gets steam workshop support or an expansion it could easily match the hundreds of hours Xcom, Isaac and FTL have gotten from me.  As it is now it's about 10-20 hours of great content, which was worth it to me but I can understand wanting more for your money.Edit: Based on their latest patch I am now completely sold on this game.  Abbey has demonstrated that they are interested in making their game better on a consistent basis and ensuring it doesn't turn into a stagnant, formulaic experience despite being singleplayer.  This is more than I can say for Binding of Isaac and FTL, who recieved only spotty support from developers.  This pushes me from 7/10 to 9/10.  If they release a few more levels I'll send it straight to 11/10.Edit 2: Well they released a new map.  I can think of no reason whatsoever not to recommend this game to anyone who likes turn based strategy.  My minor complaints and nitpicks have been blown into a fine red mist by the rocket launcher of amazing that Abbey is wielding.  They comboed their Impress with some follow up excite attacks and now I have become excited about their cause and stopped resisting.  I rate this game 11/10.  What are you waiting for?  Just buy it already!"
76561197997690957,Recommended,296970,18179343,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Ansel Jinx,"Fun game,  lots of options, choices, and dicoveries.  I really like Reus and found this game to be just as charming.Its a little tedious in the beginning due to not being able to turn off tutorial tips but nothing to really complain about.  Found the game challanging and fun to play again and again."
76561198027817952,Recommended,296970,18226498,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,pysali,"Don't want to write a review, too busy playing the game!No seriously, this game is charming, interesting and while on the surface, doesn't appear to have a lot of replayability due to the number of scenarios, actually hides an amazing amount of secrets in each location. So what does this game bring to the table? What makes it replayable?It is designed to be played multiple times so each session will only last a few hours at most. You form a three person team from a roster of 20 characters divided into four specializations. The catch being that only four are unlocked at the start to be in the captain roll. Simply playing the game and running with different characters in the other two positions permanently unlocks them for the captain position in future playthroughs. On top of this you can choose how you approach your encounters, be it friendly, devious or aggressively so playing for or against type can throw your opponents for a loop.Now the biggest drawback is the lack of locations to explore. Currently you have three possible starting locations and then choose from a handful of others. Your goal is to gain enough reknown to beat a rival explorer at a special party, but you only have time for a total of five explorations before the deadline hits and the most reknowned explorer is crowned. While I will freely admit to wanting more locations to explore there is a lot of replay value in what is currently available if you're determined to hunt down all the side quests or you want to nail a significant portion of the 100+ achievements currently available. Each currently available explorable location is stuffed full of interesting things to uncover. You can scour every spot on a playthrough only to discover a different event chain in that location in your next playthrough. The locations were definitely well thought out and had a lot of time and effort put into each one by the developers.Would I recommend this game?Yes. If nothing else, it's definitely worth a solid ten to fifteen hours of gameplay just to unlock all the captains and see a good chunk of the quest events. There are plenty more hours to be had if you want to find all the in game trophies and want to grab a good chunk of or even all the achievements. I just finished unlocking all 20 characters for captain use at nearly 13 hours and have only gotten about half of the in game treasure from various side quests and main quest chains and finding all of said side quests.tl;dr10/10 Would make sheep feel bad about their life choices again."
,Recommended,296970,18179369,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Trimutius,"This game is nice. Each playthrough is short, but can give much entertainment if you are short on free time. And still can be fun if you have a lot of time, because you can try new combinations and strategies over and over again..."
76561198032213815,Recommended,296970,23326770,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Exwin,"I LOVE this game.I was at 1st concerned by the graphic style, fearing that it was a more casual game, but realized the whimsical style masks a surprisingly deep and engaging game.The world and the characters are a comic and visual treat, with its humor and art style, yet combat is surprisingly deep and variable.This is a game that should not be missed!"
,Recommended,296970,18736880,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Altan,"A good analogy to describe Renowned Explorers is that of an Iceberg. Looking at screenshots or even just one playthrough, you can be guiled into thinking you've seen all the game can offer. The game offers a high level of replayability as there are many possible combinations of explorers and exploration scenarios.It's hard to describe RE because it doesnt quite fit into a conventional genre such as FPS, RTS, etc. You pick 3 explorers - these explorers are typified into classes (speaker, scientist, scout, fighter) that have their own strengths and weaknesses -and lead them across an exploration scenario collecting tokens. Through combat, diplomacy, or cunning, you resolve challenges across the exploration scenario - the makeup and stats of your explorers will determine your overall success.Tokens earned can be spent on upgrading a research tech tree, attracting more followers, or purchasing loot.Combat in RE is especially well done. During combat, 'moods' can offer a significant bonus/penalty. Manipulating the mood of the combat situation is key to winning battles in harder difficulties. You can resolve a battle by being friendly, aggressive, or devious.Overall, RE is easy and fun to play but will take some learning and effort to master. The game offers alot of depth and replayability."
76561197985736281,Recommended,296970,22892609,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Sportlunch,"A fun, many-faceted experience. The art-style and atmosphere is colorful, light-hearted and varied. It has a DnD kind of system during exploration of different stage maps, meaning your characters' stats, skills, and items determine their chance of succeeding at different tasks. There's also an element of choice and risk assessment. You find resources and treasures and fight a boss at the end of each stage.The combat is turn-based strategy, with an interesting ""mood"" system. You can dynamically change the mood of the battle between aggressive, friendly and devious, which gives your team an advantage or disatvantage in a rock-paper-scissors-type of system. In addition to dealing ""damage"" (or...convincing people of your good intentions I guess) you can also change characters' status by affecting their feelings. It sounds weird, and it is, but it's also really interesting and unique. Your characters level up and learn more useful active skills by resolving conflicts (and certain events).Between stages you can spend the resources you've gathered. Science points lets you advance passive skill trees (similar to culture policies in Civilization V), and you can buy gear, improve your future resource income and more.After about five stages a run is over, and you get a score as well as checking if you beat your smug rival, what's-his-face.You choose a team of 3 explorers each run, and the combination makes you best suited to certain strategies. The characters are varied and interesting, and using them unlocks the potential to use more of them as team captain, granting certain bonuses."
76561198041895196,Recommended,296970,29657645,Posted: 2 February,all,QMIko,"I reccomend this game despite my issues with it. It's a fairly fun tactics game that has a unique twist on your turn-based battle system. I think the aspect of non-violent victories is interesting, and I love the diverse cast of characters to choose from. Mechanics are enjoyable, although a bit chance based. I actually rather enjoyed the gambling aspect of encounters and also being able to mitigate luck through skills.However, the issues I've found is that for a game designed around multiple playthroughs, and from having different win possibilities, the gameplay starts to feel a bit repetitive. There big plot points remain identical through playthroughs without new dialogue or different outcomes. I will admit that there are a variety of locations to pick from, and plenty of perhaps unexpelored encounters i did not see that do add variety, but it all funnels back to the same ending for that respective location. Still, overall, a fun game, but if you're like me and bad at these sorts of games despite loving them, you will find yourself dying and starting campaigns over fairly consistently which can be a bit tedious due to the repetition.One other note I'd make is this game is not optimized well for Mac. I'm on a brand new macbook pro with graphics card and memory both fully upgraded and I still had graphical issues in the skirmishes. I've researched the issue and it seems the general answer from the developer to mac users is to run it through bootcamp with Windows OS. For a game that is not as graphically intense as other games I've played successfully, I was disappointed to see it having such issues.7/10, buy it through a steam sale!"
76561197991392684,Recommended,296970,23390931,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Fishtuition,Told a monkey how impressive I was because of all the medals I'd won.He was unimpressed.11/10
,Recommended,296970,17937551,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,isaac,"Just spent the last five hours playing the game. It was fun and engaging, sometimes you curse the RNG, but in general strategy counts in combat (out of combat is more FTL style, but at least you are aware of the consecuences most of the time).All in all a good game for playing casually when I only have an hour or two to spare and don't want to get into something that will suck up more of my time :)"
,Recommended,296970,17933078,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,CXZman,"One pretty nice tactical experience coupled with a fairly good resource management meta game, with awesome visuals and great polish, funny stories and such. Maybe a bit too repetitive (not so many destinations), but otherwise a great one!Bonus nice feat : this is hardly a violent game, yet really compelling, most likely kids-friendly with a serious challenge.Good job (again) Abbey!"
76561198022734065,Recommended,296970,26381757,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Yasha,"I normally play strategy, simulation and RPG games. But sometimes a change of pace is nice.This game is the PERFECT change of pace. It's does the Victorian Exploration/Adventure ""vibe"" perfectly. The developers may not have been born when the boardgame ""Source of the Nile"" was first published (in 1977-78), but they have perfectly captured the spirit of late 19th Century adventuring, including a multi-expedition campaign system.More importantly, the design, the writing style and the art all perfectly compliment each other. I especially admire their mostly-non-combat ""fight"" system. I love how you can fast-talk your way through most encounters, but are periodically rewarded if you're nice, or (horrors!) actually wave around a sword or machete.I've thoroughly enjoyed my expeditions so far, and hope you will too. Bravo for a job well done."
76561197973228288,Recommended,296970,17903082,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Ninjaducky,"***Edit***A representative from Abbey Games has told me that they are hard at work to flesh out the campaign and make it so that you feel like you finished a game rather than got a tiny little taste of it at the end screen. Because of that I'm reommending the game to everyone. Once that happens, the game will truly be great. The premature end was really the only thing holding it back in my book. Everything else was fantastic.***End Edit***This game has a lot going for it. Nice sense of humor, fun art style, it does not take itself too seriously. I really like the combat system as well, where the player has to pay attention to the mood of the battlefield and use it to their advantage. I really want to recomend it, I really do, but I just can't.The main reason for this is because I went in expecting to put together a team of loveable misfits and go on a great epic adventure, and the game does allow that to a certian extent. The problem is that it just ends so abruptly. You only get to go on five adventures and then you are forced to go back to the main menu and put together a new crew and start all over again. As soon as you grow attached to your crew, the game ends.I just wish it was a bit more like X-com where it really does feel like you are taking part in a great story, but instead this game ends right at the moment I go ""man, I can't wait to upgrade my crew and explore even more of the world."""
,Recommended,296970,17876749,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Cool Trainer♂ Voltare,"Quite fun, charming style, evokes memeories of old school adventure games. RNG dicatates a lot of your fate, so get ready to get mad at the wheel of fate. That said its a pretty integral part of the game, and I have no problems with it. You can tacticly put together a crew that can handle most situations or ultra specialize. If you like games like FTL or similar mini-rpg exploration rouge-likes Id say go for it. I got the game pretty much the first day it came out because I loved the dev's other title Reus, quite a lot. (You get 25% off if you own Reus btw)."
,Recommended,296970,17860421,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Dogmaticus,"Sometimes you buy a game, because you have the hunch... this is what happened in this case for me. I had absolutely no intention of purchasing anything, and I ended up with the Renowned Explorers: International Society.And boy... am I happy to have bought it :). Cute little game, with almost infinite replayability, available for both mac and windows (which is important for me, as I tend to travel with my MacBook Air, so it's cool to have engaging, interesting games on it).I have just played for 1 hour now, but I thoroughly enjoyed the experience. My hope is that the game will be further developed, to maybe include more treasures, or additional adventurers. So far - it's been a blast! :)"
,Recommended,296970,17860593,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,QtheMuse,"There is alot of polish in this game, the characters are all unique and the stories are cool.There are some people who are comparing this to curious expedition, and I think the only real similarity is the overworld map.Combat in this game is very different, using a sort of triangle system where one style is better than another. It is also grid turn based combat.And after a mission is complete there is alot of interesting things to do. Such as using tokens to upgrade shops, hire an entourage to help you in missions.All and all I recommend this to anyone who wants a fun, clean, non-punishing rouge-like adventure game with a great aesthetic."
76561198002338993,Not Recommended,296970,30064467,Posted: 20 February,all,Sdric,"Don't get me wrong this isn't exactly a bad game. It just that for somebody who's used to strategic games it gets dull VERY fast. Some review compared it to Final Fantasy Tactics, which couldn't be further from the truth.The games throws a lot of shiny options at you which seem like a lot of content at first, until you realize that in the end it's heavy rock-paper-scissors combat without further depth, packed in a short campaign with no meaningful story or incentive to be replayed, since the unlocks don't really make your next run that different. (Opposed to say Faster Than Light where ships / layouts play REALLY different)It can be fun to play, but it's too much to learn for a short term experience, yet not enough real/meaningful differences in enemies/abilities/strategies to keep you hooked for a longer period."
76561197962558473,Recommended,296970,23998676,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Pestilence,"Just buy it! You won't be disappointed.Beautifully designed characters, artwork and combat mechanics.Easy to learn but difficult to master.I suggest picking up the dlc for a more complete game experiance."
,Recommended,296970,25370416,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Kamy,What a Fun Game! <3 10/10
,Recommended,296970,27047949,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Hott8bitaction,"A game that is much better than it deserves to be. A mix between XCOM and Binding of Issac, with its own flavor of exporation. I love this game."
,Recommended,296970,23696824,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,kebrantador,"Funny game, it reminds me a lot of FTL. Maybe the fights are more repetitive than FTL. Maybe because they are easier (I've beat the game 2 of my 3 playthroughs). I like the perks and RNG system for the events, makes it interesting to try and equilibrate your team and cover all your bases. Also that you can choose your team, so it makes me want to play more times with different teams, but maybe let some time pass between playtroughs to avoid getting bored."
,Recommended,296970,23715422,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Agni7atha,"This is a good game that played based on chance. It's not feel unfair because we can increase chance by managing resource to build good team. Every adventure need different approach so it's very replayable. Battle system is also a good turn based tactic that play around rock-paper-scissor formula, look simple at first sight but actually it's have good depth to explore."
76561198055459883,Recommended,296970,23663534,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Fyodor Dostoevsky,"Fairly simple and easy to pick up, but with enough depth and randomization to keep things fresh every time. What really pushes it over the edge into greatness is the fun and unique art style. Definite recommendation."
,Recommended,296970,20387290,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Ander,"The hidden gem of 2015. Get it now and go on zany adventures with your hand-picked group of explorers! Overcome various challenges and charm, bully or smash your way past the locals. Renowned Explorers is a unique experience and one you shouldn't miss out on."
,Recommended,296970,27559373,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Cyrus Games,"Quite possibly one of the best games I have played to date. It takes the XCom style of tactical combat, and mixes it with a charming graphical style. I would certainly check this one out."
76561198002892819,Recommended,296970,30242191,Posted: 28 February,all,[TAW] Drama King,"When I started to play, I fell in love with this game right from the start. Here is why:1) gameplay mechanics. Simple to understand, yet different from any other games I have played. You can approach every fight the way you want - be friendly about it, scare them off or fight them directly. Mix in emotions and moods, and you have a hell of a fight.2) art style. It is cartoonish, but in a good way.3) great replay value, even if some playthroughs take away from you only 2 - 4 hours (you may want to increase difficulity or switch modes where the game takes longer time to complete and there are no chance of saving as well).4) While some games give u the feeling of Deja Vu (the feeling - you have been there and done that), this game is a complete opposite - it gave me this unique experience.Overall an A+ game. I would recommend this product to everyone who likes the thrill of excitement exploring and discovering new worlds."
76561198080345074,Recommended,296970,26609158,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,DontGoJohnson,"This game is great! One of my favourites that I've stumbled upon in Steam.I dabbled in rogue-like/turn-based rpgs before (FTL, XCOM, etc.) but Renown Explorers really cemented my love of that style of game. It takes an already pretty established motif and takes it in different directions. ""Encounters"" can be solved with violence or diplomatically in a constant juggling act of moods and emotions (enrage your opponent to cause them to be less effective at dealing damage, or excite your allies to make them greater speakers, etc.); be aggressive, devious, or friendly and reap the benefits of each play style. Each character plays differently (with different strengths and weaknesses, abilities, and interests) but they also play differently WITH other characters in your party too (especially thanks to some of the new dlc available to the game that increases the interactions between characters); maybe one character doesn't like another, or maybe they really admire them, or maybe one person wants to teach another what they've learned (skills, etc.), and so on. Bosses, battles, and scenarios are tough and challenging (especially at tougher difficulties like Adventure Mode) but I never felt like the game was impossible. There is a lot of variety and a lot of replay value here. I've played about 60+ hours and will properly sink much more than that into it before I'm done. I've geared each of my play throughs around gaining certain Steam achievements (mostly to help narrow my team selection, etc.) which has forced me to learn and adapt each play through (I sit at about 70-75% completion right now).Buy this game and get out there and EXPLORE!10/10"
,Recommended,296970,27235457,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Tehed,"This game has not sold enough copies!It's a great little tactics game in which you gather a band of 3 explorers to travel to different countries and find riches and fame. In each place, you'll progress by going from one encounter to the next (similar to FTL) until you reach the final encounter in which you can gain the main treasure of the place. During all this you have to manage your resources (food) and the progression of your characters to get strong enough for the specific encounters. If it comes to a fight, you'll be thrown into a turn-based tactics game with pretty strong mechanics (despite the harmless look).One playthrough takes only about 1-2 hours and you are encouraged to try different locations or a different set of adventurers. That said, all in all, I'd like to see a bit more variety and more options, especially when it comes to the locations.All this is set in a lovely and fun scenery with a great art style and a cute sense of humour. I can only heartily recommend this little gem of a game."
,Recommended,296970,27101762,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Amarakana,"I can not stop playing this game. I adore it. If Indiana Jones designed a strategy game, this would be it.I'm normally a point and click / puzzle / story type of game person, but this one just has me hooked. I love that you don't have to be violent to win, and in fact, to unlock achievement you have to play nice once in a while. Every time I play I get a little more out of it: a new treasure, a new campfire story, or new team leader wins. Play time is short enough to not be frustrating and long enough to keep you occupied for an evening if you like.And as a beginning gamer, this game levels up with me. It doesn't punish you for taking it easy, as so many do. So when I'm in the mood for a challenge, I can have one. But when I just want to explore and unwind, I can too.I've also just recently discovered its active community, with the game designers playing a large role. They put out weekly challenges for you to solve, which, again, keep the game new.This is by far my favourite game in the world right now. Please please please keep expanding it. I wish there were more like it!"
76561197992714877,Recommended,296970,28549422,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,shobalk,This is perhaps one of the best games that I have ever played.  Simply amazing.
76561198043762603,Recommended,296970,27409289,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,MerlinCross,"-Rogue Like with a number of RNG elements to mess you over.-Scaling is horrible on enemies, leaving you rarely feeling stronger-near endless reinforcments for bosses(20+) + Terrain makes bosses a gamble at times-Still has a few bugs-Very quickly can spiral into a loss with no control-Have to do a lot of out of game research to know what's up...... Still here? Great. Get the game.I'm serious. Everything you just read, STILL get the game. It's a blast! Name another game you can insult sheep to the point of breaking their spirit?+Consistanct cartoony artstyle that fits the theme and local+Music is pretty good(I like the area music more than battle)+Lots of things to find, explore and do+4 classes, 5 characters each, party of only 3; that's a lot of room to try out combos+Outside of bosses, the battles flow by really fast letting you get back to exploring.+They are continuing to update this.+When things click, they really do just CLICK. Be it understanding or having an actually good run+Contains a guy so pompous, you will slug your screen.This, for as much flack as I gave it at the start of this, is very much a hidden gem. And I flack because I care.What are you waiting for, those sheep aren't going to get sad on their own! Get to it Explorer!"
,Recommended,296970,18387240,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,wexmajor,Was a little too hard at release but they've since added difficulty levels.
76561198137792031,Recommended,296970,24073413,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,LeakyLycanthrope,"In RE:IS, you take a trio of intrepid explorers, chosen from a set of 25 characters across 4 classes with varied skills, on an adventure to seek glory and renown. It's fun and whimsical, with attractive, colourful, cartoonish graphics. It's simple to learn, difficult to master, and endlessly replayable. Four main factors ensure that no two adventures are ever the same:- Goals: Do you seek fame and glory, untold riches, or scientific advancement?- Attitudes: How does your team handle conflict? Friendly, winning foes over with your charms? Devious, playing with their heads and breaking their spirits? Or Aggressive, shooting first and (maybe) asking questions later?- Classes: There are Scientists, Scouts, Fighters, and Speakers. Each class brings something unique to the table, and the 5 characters within each class are all wildly different from each other.- Areas: There are 11 in all (plus an additional 2 in the More to Explore expansion), but you can only explore 5 in a single run-through. Different characters will be better equipped to deal with different challenges, and each map will also be slightly different every time you go through it.I only have a couple of complaints, and they are very minor ones. First, I can only imagine how difficult it must be to proofread such an immense, complex, branching script thoroughly, but I have found quite a number of typos and grammatical errors throughout. None have yet affected clarity, though.Second, there are a few sidequests in each area, with clues peppered about the map to help you solve them. However, because the maps are generated in a mostly random fashion, it is entirely possible (and often not especially difficult) to solve a sidequest before encountering its associated clues. When this happens, the script/NPCs will still give you the clue, not acknowledging that you don't really need it anymore. If the developers had found a way to acknowledge when a player has completed events out of sequence, and adjust the script accordingly, it would make the game seem that much more polished. It isn't game-breaking, nor even really a problem at all, just a missed opportunity.Bottom line, if you like lighthearted RPG/strategy/adventure games, I highly recommend Renowned Explorers. I've probably done 8 or 10 run-throughs as of this writing, and I still don't think I've uncovered even half of what there is to see in this game. Every campaign leaves me wanting more, and thinking about what I'll do differently next time. I have not yet played the More to Explore expansion, but I just downloaded it and I'm excited to try it. I may update this review after playing it a bit."
76561198187092333,Recommended,296970,25312368,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,derpyfan4eva,"Excellent game, very unique compared to what I've played before. It can get infuriating at times but it's really all about luck. Don't be afraid to experiment in easy modes"
,Recommended,296970,27367178,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SirKingJof,"Don't let the bright visuals and Rock, Paper, Scissors battle mechanic fool you in to thinking this game is simple, it has remarkable tactical depth and a fairly sizeable ramp up in difficulty once you reach the mid point.Once you have a few failures under your belt (there WILL be failures) and get to grips with the system you can really start to appreciate the sheer level of content and replayability on offer. After 70+ hours of play there are still events i haven't seen, treasures i have never obtained and partry interactions i've never witnessed.If you like turn based strategy and risk management i can't see how you could fail to enjoy Renowned Explorers."
76561197996183026,Recommended,296970,27369995,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,PewPew!,"While it takes a few hours to warm up to and can be frustrating for new players, there is a lot of hidden depth in this game that will keep you playing even after you've beat the game.Well worth the time to learn how the game works"
,Recommended,296970,27392351,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,mafu,"Lovely game with high replayability!  Each adventure feels different with a lot of different aspects such as resource management, a board game-like map, and a turn-based battle system."
76561198029704499,Recommended,296970,27969196,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,tora75,"Excellent game. On the surface, it looks like a simple browser game but the more you dig in, the more layers of strategy you realize exist. Its interface and rock, paper, scissors mechanic makes it easy to jump right in and learn. The leaderboards, unlockables, and party combinations will keep you coming back to the game. Oh, and the unique story elements, cute art style and music are all nice (although I do wish there was a few more music tracks to cycle through). There's encounters with competing expeditions and histrorical figures to boot. This really is a great game. Do yourself a favor and at least check it out on youtube to see for yourself.This is definitely worth the price of 19 bucks and I enjoyed the DLC as well. I did get them combined for about 12 bucks during a sale (which is a fantastic deal for the amount of content and replayability). I just got this game and am already looking forward to the dlc coming out for this early next year."
,Recommended,296970,27907348,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,HexCrow,This is a very good game with lots of replayability.
,Recommended,296970,31742901,Posted: 14 May,all,Red Eye Ragnarok,A lovely rogue-lite exploration game where you can actually fight with words!
,Recommended,296970,24217335,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Joost,"Awesome combination of turn-based RPG and interactive fiction storytelling. Interesting mechanics with buffs and debuffs changing based on the mood of the battle (e.g. if I'm friendly and the enemy is aggressive I get less armor because I'm naive). Lots of depth, lots of replayability."
76561198045481100,Recommended,296970,24402115,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,traceveroma,"Here's a quick recap of my first adventure, two hearty adventurers who are trained for battle set out on adventure to kick♥♥♥♥♥and take names when out pops a 14 year old magician stowaway who teaches them the meaning of love and understanding. Soon they come to the summit of a great mountain and prove themselves the greatest adventurers to ever live. 10/10 would play again and recommend dlc to enhance experience,"
76561198081250258,Recommended,296970,27761976,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,qwertyguy555,"This was one of the most suprisingly enjobyable games I've ever played. After spending a campaign or two learning how everything works, you will be hooked. A great turn based tactical RPG, a great pickup, espcially on sale."
76561198032048546,Recommended,296970,27825017,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Dylfaras,Great little game with lots of character and a huge variety of ways to do it. The amount of fun and innovation is astounding!
76561198067185228,Recommended,296970,27983878,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,illustriate,"I bought this game on a whim one day when it was on sale and honestly, it has become one of my favourite games. It has light-hearted, humourous feel throughout, yet also can be a highly rewarding strategy game that requires a lot of thinking.The community is also very active and runs challenges weekly, so there is a lot of replayability."
,Recommended,296970,28094743,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,ThirstPersonShooter,"This game was an unexpected surprise. Its charms didn't grab me  on the first play through, but upon giving it another go, it became rapidly apparent that this is a full-blown tactical turn-based affair with light RPG elements as well as plenty of resource management.The interlocking game systems are surprisingly deep as you utilize knowledge, social skills and the (more than) occasional thwack on the head to become the world's most Renowned Explorer.  You'll definitely have to consider a path ahead of time if you want to maximize your victory against your dastardly nemesis Rivaleux.This game is witty, diverse, and has solid art design. A lot of thought went in to it, and it is a lot of fun to play."
,Recommended,296970,28119728,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,twisty,"Don't be deceived by the adorable charm and character of Renowned Explorers. While it's easy enough to get started, the gameplay is quite challenging, underpinned by its deep and complex encounter and character development systems. This is one of the most original games I've played for years."
,Recommended,296970,31715652,Posted: 12 May,all,TsLoren,"This is probably one of the best games with replayability out here, made in 2015 and it's still relevant and a decent game, the combat mechanics are tricky but easy to get used to, its very unique which is a great trait to own, also one of the most challenging games you can play on the max stars maps.I've beaten every map on my first (and final for now) run and the challenges and the map are pretty decent, plus there is a lot of characters to unlock which makes people want to play more so they can play every character.-------------Horrible bug, beware!I'm dealing with a bug and I won't be able to play this game again unless I'm able to receive the rewards I rightfully deserve because of a very horrible bug, I looked and it seems like I'm the only one who is speaking out about this, and if so what the hell happened?There is a chance of you completing the game by beating every single expedition, but all of that can not count if it bugs and everything is greyed out.. almost  EVERY single thing.http://imgur.com/WWCnNosThe only thing you can do is ALT+TAB and close the game, otherwise you're sitting at the game not being able to do anything but view your characters stats.Guess what happens when you load in?http://imgur.com/BObjZpJYep. It doesn't count that you beat it, you have to redo the hardest map in the game in which I am NOT doing.Alsohttp://imgur.com/yqnjdIINone of the characters I rightfully deserve are unlocked because of this horrible bug, only reason I recommend this game is because it's a great game if you don't become unlucky like me and receive this bug, but on the other hand this bug should NOT be here and it needs to be fixed before it ruins everyone else's game because it damn sure ruined mine.TLDR beware of a progress wiping bug!*for proof I'm not a liar go to the first screenshot and look in the upper middle of the screen, it says I completed all the expeditions, and now I will not be rewarded for doing so, also I couldn't save since every button wouldn't work except viewing your stats*"
,Recommended,296970,31732253,Posted: 13 May,all,AtomicFish29,"Cute game with a unique style, has just the right amount of challenge and learning curve. and makes for a good break from very Intensive  games."
76561198055788782,Recommended,296970,27979554,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,ClaryTehSage,I want to kill it but I can't stopped playing it!
76561197970582726,Recommended,296970,31890161,Posted: 21 May,all,cazychel,"This game was magnificent to begin with, but the recent DLC and free addons made the gameplay even more fluent and added more versatility to the expeditions. The cute (but not sugary) art style, the unique combat system and the frequent mini stories within the different expeditions make this an entirely enjoyable game.Genre: Rogue-lite, Strategy, RPG"
,Recommended,296970,27923190,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Tainted Wisdom,It is a very good pass time.
76561198000015901,Recommended,296970,23995357,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,andy86,"Renowned Explorers is a roguelike with turn-based combat, that hardly sounds revolutionary but I've had more fun with this game than with many of the AAA titles I've played this year. The adventure theme is great, the characters are charming,many of it's events are down right hilarious and the idea to be able to resolve combat with a variety of attitudes (Friendly/Devious/Aggressive) is very satisfying and can make big changes to your play through.In short it's a game with real soul where the passion of the developers has really come through."
76561198025236070,Recommended,296970,31795489,Posted: 16 May,all,Tyrian Phoenix,Pros- Good tactical turnbased encounter system.- Lots of characters to choose from.- Multiple play styles viable.- Interesting skill system.- Get to be an explorer.- Active devs adding additional content.- Good price.Cons- Lacking in number of expedition destinations/expedition goals lowering novelty and replayability.- Most campfire stories (random bonuses gained in the middle of each expedition) locked behind random card packs earned by playing. Possible to draw duplicates making completing the collection quite frustrating.
,Recommended,296970,33068137,Posted: 30 June,all,okorz001,"Addicting ""one more turn"" quality just like 4x games, but without the big time commitments. Games are quick and also easily saved and resumed since there's not a ton to plan and manage."
76561198099272400,Recommended,296970,27066296,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,trrz1,"Bet use of farm animals  - when was the last time you've yelled at a ship?Here you go, a reason to buy the game already"
76561198082484693,Recommended,296970,33017908,Posted: 29 June,all,Publius Quinctillius Varus,I was positively surprised by the depth of this tactical roguelite. It's rewarding and more difficult to master than it seems.
,Recommended,296970,33425542,Posted: 10 July,all,"Moshi Moshi, Jesus Desu",Interesting combat style. Lots of replayability. Each adventure is slightly different in a nice way.
76561198144593917,Recommended,296970,33386045,Posted: 8 July,all,mikesanerd,"I found Renowned Explorers to be a fantastic strategy game with a good mix of tactical RPG battles (in the style of Disgaea, Final Fantasy Tactics, etc.), RPG-style leveling and character-building elements, and visual novel style storytelling where choices as well as skill checks matter. The game has quite a bit of resource management (in the style of FTL) and risk management, adding a definite ""management"" element to the tactics. (Sidenote: Those who complain about the RNG are missing the point that you've got to accept the fact that luck matters and focus on making wise management choices to minimize the risk of failure.)The game is a perfect length of maybe 10 hours per playthrough with a huge amount of replayability and an emphasis on collections and achievements to keep things interesting. There are quite a few characters, each with their own skills, forcing you to play each game a little differently than the last. Then, if you get bored with the base game, the Emperor's Challenge expansion adds even more replayability by giving each game a unique set of objectives different from those of the base game."
76561198009556847,Recommended,296970,25403686,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Runic,"Such a great game. There's much more strategic depth and complexity than at first meets the eye. Easy to play, hard to master. Lots of charming characters with different synergies to explore and experiment with. Highly replayable, and even in the >10th playthrough, I still ran into things that made me laugh out loud (I found Muffles). I never knew that dazzling a nun could be so much fun."
76561198073504340,Recommended,296970,25439553,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,|Ðдrk|NoNamesProduct,"Oh, boy. It's is a great game but it will get very reptetive very fast. There are a few problems with balancing sometimes and the ""hard"" mode of this game is near to impossible. I like the game and would recommend it to anyone. It is a simple rouge-like game with nice cartonny visuals and sometimes great music. The single big problem is that it is short and has basically no story."
,Recommended,296970,25432512,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Buddha,"Renowned Explorers is a real fresh game.I like the new and impressive Fight in this game where you have to think every turn through.The games' replayability is massive. I still haven't finished unlocking all characters as Captains.When to buy this game?If you like Roguelike games,go for it. The game offers 4 Difficulties with 2 Game types.1 Game type is more forgiving,the other isn't.There is some luck involved in this game. After when you know more about the mechanics and systems, the luck component goes down a lot. There will always be a little Luck in this game(Or bad luck).But depending on your knowledge and choices,you can avoid getting in bad situations.I rate this game a good 9/10.They give you many possibilites what other games don't.Continuiung after you completed your run.Difficulties!Different set upsHave fun playing this gem. It'S worth the price (Estimated game time until it get boring: 25-30 hours)"
76561198081374221,Recommended,296970,25473520,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Blaze,"Action, adventure, fun, and full of surprises.I wanted a game that was turn-based, light-hearted, and only took an hour or so to play and that's what I got!!  Love it!"
,Recommended,296970,25335541,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,<N-12> N. G. O. H. A,"Addictively good; Renowned Explorers *seems* easy to play with its charming style and the fact it likes to poke fun at itself, but its easy to become over-confident and complacent and just like that:  your expedition comes to an end.A breath of fresh air in a market saturated with AAA clones.Recommended."
76561198052865327,Recommended,296970,25337419,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Judge,"Have not had a dull moment in this game. The constant allure of what treasure (or peril) will be on the next stop, the thrill of winning the damned wheel spin challenge every once in a while, and the adorable ""adventurer"" music make for a wonderful experience. Huge replayability factor, with 16 characters to unlock as your captain, and mix and match for wacky results. It is worth the money10/10"
76561198220535869,Recommended,296970,20036968,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,liamhenson17,renowned explorers is a very unique turn-based rpg that I would recommend to anyone looking for a fun advanture game to play. The distinct quirks of your crew members really give a sense of personality to every campaign and expedition made.
,Recommended,296970,20075291,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Pip,"So different, so charming, so entertaining. Give it a chance and you will have a lot of fun! :)"
,Recommended,296970,20159632,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Pewt,"An adorable and well-constructed game which is paced excellently and has quite a bit of replayability. The balance is out of whack in a few places (the Abbess fight in particular seems rather difficult with the characters I'm likely to try to take on that adventure) and it could use a few more locations, but every trip to a place thus far has been considerably different thanks to a new crew and the random generation. A definite recommendation to anyone who likes roguelites or (light) turn-based strategies."
76561198018720115,Recommended,296970,20411515,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Ketaped,";If you're looking for a short(ish) game that allows you to play through one set of adventures in a few hours, this is perfect.  There are a lot of parallels to FTL, from the semi randomly generated maps, to the resources collected, to the semi random upgrades, but I feel that RE:IS has a lot more depth than FTL does - both are enjoyable in their own way, and both will take a while to master the tactics, but RE:IS just feels like there's more there.  The different combat powers, the way you can affect your crew and the enemy based on mood and how you 'attack' is very nice.  I like the different options you've got for upgrading between expeditions and how there are plenty of different paths to follow.  The game isn't perfect, but it's got plenty of enjoyment in it, and I'm definitely looking forward to more content.If you're looking for a nice, gentle difficulty curve, it seems like it might be there, if you pick the right crew and know the right order to take the expeditions in, but it seems to win, you're going to have to hit some of those nasty, RNG difficulty spikes and let fate have a big hand in the final decision.  I like the fact that you can 'finish' the game without winning, but there are also situations where you end up in a fight where you very quickly realize you're over your head, and unlike FTL, there's no way to run away and have the chance to lick your wounds, your game is over (assuming you play adventure mode).  This does seem a little harsh, even in a roguelike with permadeath, being locked in a fight where you know you can't win, which will end the game, but you still have plenty of resources if you could run away and try something else is more than a little frustrating.  I wish there was a 'run away!' option from encounters, but that's pretty minor.If I have any complaints about RE:IS it's that there's very little map content - there only seem to be a few of each 'difficulty' map, and within those maps, the variability is somewhat limited, so you're going to be playing the same mini adventures over and over again.  FTL has so many different encounters, this seems to be less of an issue there.Additionally, the only ongoing 'unlocks' that you can obtain in RE:IS are getting crew members to the point they can be captains - though this is similar to FTL's unlocking of new ship layouts and new ships, since you start with all the crew, this somehow, to me anyway, feels less like an accomplishment, but it doesn't take anything away from the enjoyability of the game."
76561198006986577,Recommended,296970,20558974,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,DragonElderX9,"A charming strategy game with a unique twist on combat.  Punch your enemies in the face, call them mean names, or become their friends.  Tactical combat with fun exploration roguelike everything else!  Lots of unlocks, a bunch of adventurers and plenty of different things happening to keep things refreshing.  EXCELSIOR!!!"
76561198075487198,Recommended,296970,21224145,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Samuel Vimes,"Played this game a lot but ended up with not enough places to explore. Please please please add more places to explore! This is one of my favorite games. Buy this game. I cannot emphasize this enough, you have to buy this game. Quirky difficult and fun and once they ADD MORE MAPS it will be the best game ive played in a long while"
76561198088886129,Recommended,296970,22544038,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,bowling.brawls,"Sweet, sweet innovative battle mechanics"
,Recommended,296970,23445588,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Katyusha,"The game is very interesting and reminds me of JRPG games that I used to play when I was young. The game heavily depends on roulette system but it is interesting to see each unique characters. However, the game gets boring if you explored all the treasure maps. It is still fantastic and really fun to play."
,Recommended,296970,19955764,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,56cool7,I Like the guy from brazil he insults people with mice PE HE DRINO Try saying that quickly 3 times in a row
76561198041216667,Recommended,296970,20161154,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,MojoBender,A lovely rouge-lite game with interesting mechanics and a beautiful aesthethic.
,Recommended,296970,20689696,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,d4dirty,Feels like it has the magic of old adverture games with a great modern polish. This is the perfect strategy and tatics game where no encounter feels the same as the last and no one tatic will get you though the entire game.
,Recommended,296970,20753574,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Ownlar,"This is a very well done and hidden of the beaten path rogue-lite game, I would reccommend it to anyone who likes the genre."
76561197999927834,Recommended,296970,20940249,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,saltycracka,"Intresting . Random succeses , But still deep enough to fun"
76561198038164722,Recommended,296970,21265092,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,natedosmil,"This is a great, though short game.  Buy it if you want a complex, but casual game.It has as much replay value as you can stomach.  Really, how much you replay is up to you, because a single play through is 1-3 hours (maybe longer if you read the story elements, I didn't).  You can play it over, but:   shoot for fame this time; play aggressively instead of deviously; play with a new captain you just unlocked; play on a higher difficulty; play a different mode; play with an all scout group; play it as a drinking game where you drink everytime you lose a roll; or just play without the combat animations on (lol).Oh, and as of writing this, they are making an expansion!!  Maybe you're reading this in the future... now look up, see that expansion DLC??  Whaaaaaaaaaat?  I know, I am awesome, you are too.  Buy this game."
,Recommended,296970,25319604,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Kit Darkness,Suprisingly a very innovative and solid game play mixing board game concept with RPG element !
76561197997260968,Recommended,296970,20161993,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Social Buttercup,"Exceptionally charming game that reminds me of FTL due to the heavily customisable party, random events that keep you on your toes and the constant pressure of dwindling resources. Highly recommended."
76561198008196534,Recommended,296970,20168624,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Fractal,"It might take a bit of playing to really grasp, but once you get the hang of it, RE:IS is a fun adventure romp with lots of replayability and charming art!"
76561198089673172,Recommended,296970,20389062,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,russellhilton79,Do you like XCOM?Do you like Civilization?Do you like the showcase showdown wheel from the price is right?If you answered yes to all 3 get this game pronto!
76561198080856314,Recommended,296970,20432135,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,abuk666,"I like this game.It's cute, simple to play but offers many choices and good replayability.Thumbs up for additional content that may be headding our way!"
,Recommended,296970,22266275,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,VTShark,"I caught this game passing through my queue on the store page. I was bored, my birthday was coming up, and I figured adding things to my wishlist would skip the middleman since some of my friends like to treat me. What I saw intrigued me, and at only $13, a deal running at the time, I figured it wouldn't hurt.I have been slowly turning into an addict and masochist, trying to push a little farther each time, often failing gloriously. Do not let the cutesy look of this game fool you, it has depth in it's gameplay, and it is hard. There is also tons of replayability, as each expedition is a bit different each time. This is good, because you are going to fail a lot, but do not be discouraged, as that is partly the point; It can be cruel, but very fair. To try those combinations, those different strategies, to find what works. It's an amazing feeling when you see that smug Rivaleux sitting in 2nd place after all of your efforts.There are two downsides to the title, both of which are minor gripes. First, while very replayable, once you start running in to the same situations more than once, the dialogue becomes stale, and makes me wish I had more expeditions to choose from, which the expansion will hopefully remedy. Second, when you begin play, you do not get to choose your starting expedition, and since all of them offer more of a specific currency for gameplay, it has a lot of long-term ramifications on the rest of your run unless you constantly restart to get the one you want. Either having there be a choice in the beginning, or a change to make the islands more even in their resources, would be a marked improvement.I'm glad I found it, and I hope others share a similar experience, it's been a lot of fun."
76561198011912721,Recommended,296970,22351091,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,ExplorerRowan,"""97% chance of success to get a legendary treasure? AND YOU BOTCH IT! Go home you Russian ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, I am never picking you for my Explorer team again!""10/10, would pick Russian guy for my team again."
76561198011789355,Recommended,296970,20186393,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Gatsu,Its a lot like FTL but with easier choices and the option to go back. It seems to be a casual turn based combat system and I find it rather upbeat and relaxing
76561198067177225,Recommended,296970,20102899,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,DG,"This game can either be played as a light hearted story of fun adventures or a more serious game of planning and strategy. There are three main aspects to the game, exploration and skill based challenges (test your luck), a turn based combat system where you can blow rasperies at your enemies or shock them with a cattle prod, and the investment of your hard earned rewards to boost your future expeditions. The game needs a bit more content but the developers seem to be adding more all the time."
,Recommended,296970,20132881,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Elektr1kz,"THAT THANG SHOULD BE IN A MUSEUM, DADRE:IS is a game that flew under my radar, but man im glad I discovered it. If you like rougelikes, specifically FTL, you can't go wrong with this one. Highly recomended."
76561198021131289,Recommended,296970,20260656,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,mindv0id,"wow man, just too much fun and giggles XDinsult fight or be nice, get there any way you like XDyour enemy might run off scared and depressed, die or just decide you are too cool and nice to be opposed"
,Recommended,296970,20313769,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Mori,A very charming and original roguelike. Very much worth playing if it looks interesting to you.
,Recommended,296970,20393238,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,galveston,"This is the love child of FTL, Indiana Jones and Evil Genius."
,Recommended,296970,20458663,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,bulgarianBarbarian,Probably one of my favorite games so far. Cute and engaging while also challenging and always something left to find without becoming repetitive.
76561198027103160,Recommended,296970,20539109,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Tidaldust,"A delightful little game that's not like everything else; a little Oregon Trail, a little Flashman, a little Heroes of Might and Emotion."
,Recommended,296970,20688411,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,april6e,"There are already many reviews that explain the game mechanics. My review, rather focuses on what is important to me, which is replay value. For the lazy who don't like to read, I have condensed all my points below (Pros, Cons and Warnings). My final verdict is that I love the game. It's a must try if you like turn based strategy, rogue-likes, high score games and high replayability.-Pros-+Wonderful Artwork+Deceptively deep and challenging turn based combat system+Strong replay value due to treasure collection system, a large amount of characters and good variety of different strategies you can employ to win the game+Developer is active on the message board, talking to and getting ideas from the fanbase. Free patches and content are constantly released to improve the game.+Very easy to pick up and play. ""One more turn syndrome"" is very easy to catch.-Cons-+Game is constantly being rebalanced which may alienate people who hate change. Some characters are overpowered and some are underpowered. At a high level of play, players may discover a lack of choice because of the balancing. There is little reason to go on certain expeditions because they don't offer as much score as the ""meta"" ones.+Most of the replay value comes from the wealth of different character combinations and strategies. The expeditions, after playing them a few times become predictable despite the fact that they are randomly generated as you'll see the same events often.-Warnings-+Stubborn players may become disillusioned with the difficulty of the game. On the default settings, the turn based combat becomes difficult in the late game unless you learn the deep combat system. This can easily be solved by lowering the difficulty but this will not matter to prideful gamers who refuse to lower it.+Like any rogue-like, there is a healthy amount of RNG (your success is around 40% luck). If this bothers you, this may not be the genre for you.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------This game consists of choosing a three person team of explorers and going on 5 expeditions (you get to choose different locations around the world) in a bid to survive, find treasure and ultimately beat your rival by outscoring him by the end of the game. The amount of treasures and resources you gain during a playthrough are converted into a overall score called Renown.During an expeditions, there are nodes that you move along that have random events on them. A resource called Supplies is reduced by 1-2 everytime you move with heavy penalties if you run out forcing you to make strategic decisions on how much loot you want to collect before you go to the final node which results in a boss fight and ends the expedition. Combat is surprisingly deep with a rock, paper, scissors system where you can defeat your opponents with aggression, friendliness or deviousness. Massive buffs or debuffs can be applied to the entire battlefield depending on whether you are winning or losing the rock, paper, system system, making combat challenging. Simply rushing in and attacking will not go well in the later expeditions and boss fights.Outside of expeditions, you can use resources you gained to purchase items to improve the stats of your party, buy items and followers with perks and more.This game was a giant hidden gem to me. I was randomly browsing Steam for roguelikes and found it deep within the dark depths of Gaben's labyrinth. I purchased it just to try it and next thing you know, I had nearly 25 hours of gameplay in a few days. There are a ton of different carrots to keep you playing for dozens of hours. Unlocking all the captains, beating the game, beating the two secret endings and finding every single one of the treasure hidden in the game.The game feels very rewarding with many layers to master. ""My run is average and I'm not sure I'm going to get enough score to beat my rival. Do I go to a 4 or 5 star difficulty expedition which has great rewards but risk dying? Or do I just do another 3 star expedition which is easy but I may not get enough score to win the game?""""This boss is weak to aggression so I could physically attack it to do massive damage. But it also has a perk that causes it to transform into a more powerful form if it gets physically attacked which will put my party at risk.""""One of my party members has a greedy personality. Do I risk visiting a ruins where I know there is alot of treasure? It'll drastically increase my score but my party members who has a greedy personality may grab all the treasure and set off a nasty trap risking the run"".If these sorts of scenarios and choices excite you, then I think you'll enjoy the game alot."
,Recommended,296970,21168434,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,jevon,"This is such an excellent game! It's fun, replayable, rich, exciting, and what a fantastic level to detail."
76561198004924943,Recommended,296970,22034872,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,chump_industries,"The first game to make me want to write a review.The reliance on ""luck"" can be annoying and cheap at times. By luck, i mean the spinner that decides a lot of the outcomes of interactions with different characters.Aside from that, the game looks good, runs well, and is very fun. Replayability is very strong with this one. If you liked FTL you will like this.Get it if u can."
76561198026818063,Recommended,296970,22384465,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,ThePet,Great game!
76561198040422007,Recommended,296970,20161623,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Lukasblade2,"I definitely recommend this game, it's pretty repetitive sometimes, but if it's for treasure, then it's worth it.Pros:+You can choose to be friendly to the enemy, or just fight them straight up.+A nice soundtrack that makes you feel like you're on an adventure.+Encounters within the game make it exciting and leave you wanting to see what happens next.+A wonderful cast of explorers to choose from.+You get to explore the world for treasure!Cons:- Sometimes it gets repetitive since whenever you start another expedition you start with the same locations over and over again.- Getting befriended on by the enemy over 50 times is frustrating."
76561197979512682,Recommended,296970,20204240,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Tallahassee,no joking: this was my biggest surprise in 2015!clever game.BIG recommendation!!!
,Recommended,296970,20313699,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Dank Pepe,Is good
,Recommended,296970,20719615,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,dizzyties,This game is very fun and I definately would reccommend this for anyone who likes strategy turn-based games
76561198049084598,Recommended,296970,20759078,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Adoxess,"Bopped locals, made friends with a giant ape, then brutally beaten up by sheep...Would play again"
76561198024999564,Recommended,296970,20759439,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Gilgoroth,"This game is astonishingly addictive. Lots of possible stratrgies, and a great deal of replay value. Generally I don't like games with a luck component, but this one makes it work. It's more playing probability than random chance. The encounters, maps, and characters are fun, and the routine update are great."
76561197999413547,Recommended,296970,19853664,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,VAPE NATION VΛ,"The game is refreshing both lore/theme-wise and also combat mechanics. The idea of playing different adventurers is so refreshing, isntead of the typical monte-cristo-revenge, evil empire, etc, tropes. As for the mechanics, it's certainly new to me, but I wouldn't call revolutionary or anything. It's basically a tactical hexagonal, turn based (like Final Fantasy Tactics). But witha rock-papers-scissors twist and some other rather deeper game mechanics that take awhile to learn (mostly because of how new the game is and poorly documented it is on the net).It's not a great game or any kind of must-buy, but it's nifty and cool. I don't think you will be dissappointed and at best you might really like it a lot, I can see where others would. I would only buy it on sale for about $10 or so. I don't think it's quite worth a whole $20, especially since it still has a few bugs and is still in development. For example, random attitude changes at the START of a battle just completly ruins the entire game that took hours to progress through on ""Adventure mode""."
76561198101039258,Recommended,296970,20129316,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Highlord -TPF-,This is fun and quick but I wish there was more...it's all very repititive when you clear all 9 expiditions once
,Recommended,296970,20390737,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Lilia,"Want to see gameplay before you buy?https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GVRyr7pIp4gRenowned Explorers is a very fun and addicting turn based strategy game with VERY unique RPG mechanics. You can win encounters through aggressiveness, friendliness or deviousness, sometimes your sword isn't the best way to solve conflicts! There are tons of treasures to find on each expedition, loads of decisions to make, gear to buy and lots of different teams to create. There are even multiple difficulty settings, wether you want rogue-like/hardcore play or easy going/exploration.I love, love, love the cartoonish humor in this game and even though I still haven't become the top dog in the International Society yet I still want to keep trying and trying! Do I recommend this game? YES, YES!"
,Recommended,296970,20671253,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Aliandris,"Quite a fun game, with a lot to discover.  There is always something to see, depending on where you go, who you take, and what you specialize in.The final level is obscenely hard though, so watch out for that."
,Recommended,296970,20774138,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Tiny Subversions,This game wonderfully combines tactical battles and roguelike exploration. I can't recommend it highly enough.
76561198000157204,Recommended,296970,20795629,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Pal Nick,Barry Melrose approved.
76561198076819892,Recommended,296970,20011530,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Scientist Meursault,"Renowned Explorers: International Society is one of those rogue-lite games that have come into vogue recently, but this game stands out among them due to it's unique design, concepts, and combat mechanics.The art design and premise of the story is akin to a choose your own adventure book--and that means if you dislike reading or are prone to skipping dialogue, this game may not be for you. That being said, I was super into these books in my childhood, so as I played through the game it often time made me feel as if each choice mattered dearly making the game that much more immersive to me.So, if you dislike the theme of the game is there any other reason to buy it? Yes, the combat system of the game is not just shooting and killing your opponents. This game has a mood system, both for the characters and for the entire battle. The three moods, aggressive, devious, and friendly are absolutely vital to your success on any particular adventure. That being said, on the higher difficulties event the most mundane encounters can threaten your entire expedition, so learning to master moods and the various ways to influence it is vital to winning the game.An average playthrough takes around 2-4 hours on classic difficulty, but this doesn't mean that the game lacks replayability, in fact there are well over 16 explorers to chose from all with unique abilities and traits. There are also 6-7 expeditions in the game, and as others have pointed out, the lack of variety in that sense can make the game rather dull to run through after you've sunk in around 10 hours.Despite all of this, as the game currently stands I absolutely recommend buying the game at full price or otherwise!"
76561198043664309,Recommended,296970,20273122,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,james.danger.brown,Reminds me a little of FTL but with planet earth instead of space.
76561198069903144,Recommended,296970,20379712,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,swooten-lane,"To all of my other strategy game fanatics out there i cannot reccomend this game highly enough. When you first start playing it does seem like RNG plays a large roll in this game, but if you have any skill at strategy games you will soon realise that the RNG is in fact very beatable. This game includes aspects of grand strategy, every treasure you find, every item you buy and every skill your crew learns has an enormous effect on what expeditions you can and cannot do, recognising this is one of the key aspects to the strategy. As well is this there is an excellent combat system, that rewards forward planning and tactical plays.Furthermore the humor and art style of this game is absuloutely excellent. And with twenty different characters to choose from to make up your team, as well as a massive amount of hidden secrets this game has massive replay value. Although the price may seem a little steep it is 100% worth it, i cannot reccomend it enough and if you any sort of skill with strategy games you will have a blast with it."
,Recommended,296970,20674573,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Jayball76,A fun casual game that you can complete in a few hours. It has enough replay value with the different characters and locations to explore to keep you playing over and over again.
76561198035365543,Recommended,296970,19813038,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Har,"Very fun and well-fleshed out rogue-lite game, it feels like it has tons of stuff to discover and unlock, and also has a wide variety of difficulties from casual to punishing. Lots of stuff to pay attention to during battles, because every move has some effect over the status of the fight as a whole, in addition the immediate damage/healing you do.It feels manageable yet also complex at the same time, very similar to FTL and games of that type but more lighthearted and humorous. Normally roguelites tend to be either somber (FTL, BoI, Sunless Sea) or mystical (Rogue Legacy, Ziggurat), this one on the other hand is colorful, fun and full of personality and amusing moments. Very much recommended if you like the whole rogue-lite thing but you find the genre to be a bit dry sometimes."
76561198039690622,Recommended,296970,19898446,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,pendragonfankid,Indiana Jones concept meets Jackie Chan Adventures art style and shenanigains. Lots of replayability as you try different methods and different people. Rules are really easy to understand and plenty of comedy to move things along.
,Recommended,296970,19967717,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Tuggmiffy,"Got wrecked by a bunch of foul-mouthed nuns666/7, would get wrecked again"
76561198006776975,Recommended,296970,20027833,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,master of grouchiness,11/10. Would get my *** kicked by a prancing sheep again.
76561198017127434,Recommended,296970,22311587,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,tarklot37,"Did you grow up reading the ""Choose your own Adventure"" book series?  Enjoy FTL?  Relish percentiles, chance, blackjack??  Then buy this great game!"
,Recommended,296970,22421065,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Kisk79,"Enjoyable and charming game. The combat is unique and relatively easy to get a hang of, the art style is pleasant and suits the kind of theme that the game appears to be going for. Music is quite nice as well, gives the feeling of going on an exploring adventure.All in all, I'm glad I purchased this. Definitely a worthwhile buy."
76561198182042011,Recommended,296970,22435999,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,cesnoke5,I haven't put this many (27 and growing) hours into a steam game in a long time. Tremendous game with a ton of replayability.
76561198007473085,Recommended,296970,19929111,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,y_ms,"A lot more strategic depth than I expected for a cheap indie game. Definitely worth buying. Also a great theme where you switch between being friendly, throwing around insults, and being aggressive. Most original combat system I've seen in a long time."
,Recommended,296970,20079458,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Soccoro,"This game is amazing. Buy it now if you like FTL, or are a fan of roguelikes in general."
,Recommended,296970,20153691,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,HPLoveshack,"The systems are deep. The pace is near perfection. The cast is fun, and finding the best combinations is a blast.Seriously, if you're a fan of turn based strategy, do yourself a favor and pick this up!Also, unlocking new characters to be leaders rewards experimentation with your team, as well as different approaches to combat and exploration! Its a blast, and each session lasts long enough to provide fun without overstaying its welcome. The loot system could use some work, but overall, you'll have fun."
,Recommended,296970,20162507,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,d_a_lton,"YES. YES. YES. It has a spectacular sense of humor. It reminds of The Curse of Monkey Island in a lot of ways. The art, the humor. It is all around pretty grreat and has pretty solid replay value. Besides I am always on board with a game where I can make a ghost Captain give me evrything he has and run away crying because I called him names. The combat system is very unique in this game due to outcomes like that. Everything about this ghame is amazing buy it, play it, love it, thank me later."
76561198030720937,Recommended,296970,20262466,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Aphididae,Delightful game with surprising mechanics.
76561197972449153,Recommended,296970,20389196,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,The Ghost Pyro From Outerspace!!,"This is one of those games that comes along and makes you rethink everything you thought you knew about a genre. It's a rogue-lite strategy story telling exploration game where you can endless mock the enemies tatse in fashion to win a fight. Or do magic tricks for them, or have a big old party. It has a great party system that makes every playthrough unqiue just in how your party interacts with each other. Not only do they have interesting reactions in combat, they react to each other outside of combat as well. The exploration is great, and it feels good, things are resolved with a simple % chance, but nothing is drawn out and unnecessary feeling. The world map seems a little barren at times (here's hoping we get more places to explore), but other than that I really love this game. If you like any kind of adventure, strategy, RPG, or rogue-lite style games you should enjoy this."
,Recommended,296970,20773642,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,odiggs,"RE:IS is in a genre all it's own. Although it has only minor gameplay similarities, the feeling I get while playing is most similar to FTL. I HIGHLY recommend playing on adventure mode for intense, consequence driven, rogue-lite gaming.Combat is turn-based on a hex map. Strategy revolves around changing your team's attitude between friendly, devious, and aggresive to match or beat your opponent's. Emotions are applied on a per charcter basis for additional buffs/debuffs.Each expedition plays out similarly to a sector of FTL. Limited supplies and fog-of-war create difficult decisions while exploring. Collect wealth, status, and research to spend later, while also seeking treasures to increase your renown as the world's greates explorer.Between expeditions, spend the resources you gathered to specialize your crew with better equipment, an entourage to increase your resource gains, and research papers to focus on your victory condition.The RNG aspects of the game are clearly laid out (you are told what % chance you have at passing a test, plus the rewards/punishments) which means your risks are calculated and you have nobody to blame but yourself for the outcome.Devs like Abbey are why gaming today is so great. Innovative and creative games, constant post-release support, and communication with the community is a winning formula every time."
,Recommended,296970,22458925,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Xx ZxGamer xX,Amazing Simply Amazing
76561198006795437,Recommended,296970,22296109,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,snvhill,"An excellent little gem with lots of replayability.  I love how the combat and non-combat mechanics are integrated here, with both being potentially extremely important for your playstyle.  The skills and types of exploreres you take with you can make major changes in how you play the game.I'm not going to go into too many details because lots of people have beat me to it with much better reviews.  However I'm going to emphasize that A)  the devs are wonderful and continue to tweak and put out new content and changes, making the game even better.  And B) at the end of the day this isn't AAA gaming, but it's an excellent little game you can more then get your money's worth on."
76561198005208684,Recommended,296970,22487819,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,GM Janus,"In Brief:  An interesting take on turn-based tactics with rogue-lite elements.Renowned Explorers is one of those titles I picked up during the holidays because I needed something fun and light to do during the massively gray Wisconsin winters.  I was happy to find that the board game elements that you see in the trailer video are not just window dressing for the game, but evidence of some definite knowledge by the designers of some of the best trends in current hobby tabletop games.If you are a board gamer like me, then think of this as a ""Solo Co-Op Adventure Game"", the kind that is in the vein of Pandemic.  If you are not the sort of person that goes really old school and game at a table with dice/cards/pieces, then this game is best thought of as a cousin to games like FTL.Play focuses on managing supplies as you explore a random mixed map, with conflicts mostly taking place in turn based combat where you position yourselves and attack with character qualities like ""Friendly Compliments"", ""Ranged Combat"", or ""Personal Insults"".  Characters have different strengths and weaknesses in combat, as well as areas of expertise that help you gain advantage from non-combat encounters.  Make your way to the designated goal on the map and try and use any accumulated bonuses from the search to complete the final challenge.The adventuring is broken up by periods of downtime where you can spend money, research, and prestige for new advantages and abilities.  All of this is framed in a theme of an idealized early 20th/late 19th century where diversity is celebrated and the baddies are easily recognized.So, who would like this sort of game?  It's the kind of title I think would be good for a parent looking to have something to play with a child who is already into games like Minecraft or reading Jules Vern or Harry Potter.  It's also a solid game for anyone who likes to play for 2-3 hours and then be done to do something else.I wouldn't recommend it for tactics gamers who focus on the 4X style games or military tactics exclusively, as the combat is focused most on relatively quick resolutions and a lot of elements are abstracted for the sake of flow.  Also if you get turned off by the idea of winning through the forging of friendships or pulling sneaky Scooby-Doo style tricks to fool your opponents, then the tone and theme here will not be for you.In the end, I enjoy it because it has a lot in common with board games I enjoy with my friends, it's a good break when I just need something different, and there's legitimate challenge in winning a game without feeling like I can only get to the end by finding every exploit possible or just because of a few lucky rolls of the virtual dice."
76561198027229326,Recommended,296970,34189023,Posted: 12 August,all,Trnt0,"Turn-based strategy at its best. Not for people who like FPS or Hack-and-Slash, I suppose. Quite laid-back, which suits me as I'm not a ""serious"" gamer. Mind you, because I'm not, it will take me forever to beat it on Adventure mode in any meaningful way, and that's okay. I'll pump a lot of hours into this and save lots of $$$ on games I don't buy. Providing, of course, that the dastardly developers don't devise more dazzling DLCs or, worse, a new game that trumps this one! (I hope I'm still permitted to use *that* word in 2017.)"
76561198124048032,Recommended,296970,34334476,Posted: 18 August,all,Smarty_Susie,"Awesome game, colorful, unique and funny, replayable lots of times. Recommend it to anyone who likes something casual, but still engaging from time to time."
,Recommended,296970,34486469,Posted: 25 August,all,Taedalus,"Fun game with a twist on the ""classical"" turn-based RPG genre.You control a group of three explorers on your quest to become the greatest explorer of the world. This is not a ""endless sandbox"" type of game as you will only be able to complete a few missions before your time is up and it's time to vote on the greatest explorer. Based on your choice of group members, you will have to approach situations differently and pick your fights carefully. It has a decent replayability since missions are partly randomized, there are different missions and various approaches to resolve fights (or ""conflicts"").Only downside for me is the price: After two runs (approx. 10 hours) you will have seen most of the content in the game."
,Recommended,296970,35077018,Posted: 19 September,all,DeskCompensation,"I have the most fun with this game, when I have someone else decide what they want to do while I narrate everything. It kind of a DnD/ Pathfinder Campaign and the roleplay value is really great. I love it"
,Recommended,296970,30095616,Posted: 22 February,all,madd.dawgg,"This is a chill, low-key solo game,  It's very friendly for those who like doing something else while they play. You can pause and resume pretty much whenever you want. So it's very low investment in terms of time. The theme plays really well with the roguelike format. The graphics/animation are really nice. There is a lot of depth, but if you don't care, you can just play with turning your brain off. There are a lot of decisions to make, and while luck does factor, it never feels like you lose/succeed because of luck. Highly recommend."
76561198021852773,Recommended,296970,35058853,Posted: 18 September,all,mecklenberg,"This game is a classic example of  'critical mass'.I was given the original version, played it a bit, thought, nice second-tier game, interesting turn-based tactics, not enough variety.The expansions transform it. For around US$20 for everything, this is a great turn-based strategy game. The available options are enough to guarantee endless replayability without overwhelming complexity. The rules are easy to learn, hard to master. Play one campaign a week, say, and it never gets old.A firm favorite 10/10."
,Recommended,296970,18636929,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Applecat,FTL for 2015. Aka a modern rougelike.The main complaint would be that it is too easy compared to other rougelikes once the steep learning curve has been surmounted. Otherwise it is a rather good game.
,Recommended,296970,19401927,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Fumin268,"I love international games like Carmen Sandiego, and this game does it well. My first game I made a diplomatic team, only to have the expedition ruined by a pack of wild monkeys who could not be reasoned with. I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,296970,32695789,Posted: 23 June,all,Megakoresh,"I typically avoid games like this, but Renowned Explorers seduced me with it's fantastic art style.And I am glad it did.Despite the frustrating RNG-powered resource management system that FTL-like games often sport, the pros of this game make up for it's cons. Characters, despite not uttering any words (maybe have some voice acting in next game? I'd love to see what they come up with /hint), have very distict personality and traits, and make every playthrough different.The combat system in this game is a ""social strategy"" (©megakoresh, patent pending, all rights to use the term reserved, etc. etc.). Its a term I use for games where you can win fights without physically hurting enemies. In this case, in addition to straight up physical attack, you can also try to charm enemies, seduce them, or drive them to depression. Your actions affect overall mood of the encounter, which in turn affects how the enemy will respond, as well as significantly swings all friendly and enemy stats in one direction or the other. It's a fantastic system, that lets developers deliver character and story exposition through gameplay without even needing any dialogue. Ingenious!On top of that the game sports a great sense of humour, incredible lovely art style (my favourite in all 2D games I played so far), and a great pace. The devs have also added a lot of extra free content since release and there are some DLCs available, that I'm actually gonna go buy (didn't know they came out already). Absolutely recommend it without hesistation. A great, cute, uplifting and clever game, equally fit for long sessions and 20 minute long dips."
76561197988883636,Recommended,296970,18436079,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Isisius,"Really good game, surprisingly deep and complex combat system and an entertaining story. Game is fun to play over and over again.$25 Bucks is definitely worth it.As other people have said, its almost like a FTL game but it has a deeper combat system, and has more of an RPG aspect to it as well.Well worth a play."
76561197991252340,Recommended,296970,18469573,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,BobSkywalker,This reminds me of FTL in that you hop around from point to point on a series of maps. You build yourself up to prepare for the final showdown.  I have not successfully made it to the end yet. The developers have planned many biweekly updates (if that matters)
76561198045432338,Recommended,296970,18481489,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Brahim,"This creative band had themselves a smashing debut with Reus, and it's always difficult to top a powerful first record. How did they do? Well, in a word, amgyes.Upon playing this everyone will notice the cleverness, smoothness and fun-ness of it all. When the loading screen animations still crack you up after 20+ times, you know they pulled something off.This game is all replay value, to an extent that will make some gamers feel awkward (I may be referring to the type of players who specifically enjoy cinematic RPG's with many cutscenes and after each and every corner go F5, try this, die, F9, try that, die, F9, etc). Replaying this game is integral to the whole experience, and makes you tweak your tactics bit by bit until you have a formula that works well. Because this game is so appetizing and creative, the whole tactical puzzle becomes something wonderful. Instead of ""oh snap I died again, NOOOO"", it makes one go ""oh yeah? well how about I do it THIS way"". In any case, as a gamer you're being challenged to be EXPERIMENTAL, and try numerous combinations of tactics until you're beefed up enough to gain special items and level-ups.The most bizarre thing is that after Reus, a godgame in an arena devoid of godgames, they have pulled off their magic trick again of creating a game that is so original and flamboyant that it can only become a niche in itself."
76561197993160085,Recommended,296970,18595798,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,[NWTJ] RJorb,"Renowned Explorers is an innovative title from Abbey Games, an independent developer and publisher. It tells the tale of a group of ambitious explorers, out to gain fame and best their rivals by plundering treasures from across the globe.Over the course of a game, you'll pick your crew of three explorers and send them on a series of expeditions to exotic locales such as the Egyptian desert or the forests of Transylvania. The encounters in each setting are procedurally generated, making each game a new adventure and offering great replayability. Fans of games like FTL will find much to love here.The tactical combat system has a surprising level of depth. Each explorer in your party has his or her own set of abilities, and can be further specialised based on your skill selections and item choices. Additionally, combats feature a clever Attitude system, which grants bonuses or penalties based on how well you've optimised your use of Friendly, Devious and Aggressive abilities. In practice, you might end up charming a ghost pirate, insulting a nun, or even punching a cheeky monkey right in the mouth.The game is remarkably well-polished, with charming graphics and a smooth user interface. It also provides an impressive level of feedback to the player at each decision point, even down to your odds of success on any given action and the factors which generated those odds.Abbey Games continues to offer excellent support for this title, with regular patches and free content updates.I bought this game at full price and was very satisfied with my purchase. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,296970,18599158,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Telsa,"Had a lot of fun trying diffrent teams and getting through the game. Its an excellent rougelike, with a good system and wonderful cartoon style. I love this company so far."
,Recommended,296970,18693700,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,HaikuKane,"This game is the second release from a company that is quickly becoming one of my favorite developers.  They had a game with impressive depth and presentation in Reus, and although it lacked a couple of satisfying gameplay elements (most notably the ability to change time), it was still a killer experience.  Renowned Explorers takes that bar and raises it so, so much higher.If you're a fan of any of the following themes, you'd be amiss to skip this title: rogue-lite, exploration, team customization, good characterization, great presentation, tactical combat."
76561198035697759,Recommended,296970,18404895,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,andyapolis,"Giant scorpions!  Pirates!  Sheep?  Welcome to the world of Renowned Explorers!  I'll start by saying I bought this game on a whim.  I was looking for something fun and challenging, but that wouldn't take a vast amount of time to complete. I would have settled for a ""Meh"" time killer, but I bought this and now I'm hopelessly addicted.  I can honestly say my first thought after an hour of playing was that I'd gladly pay for any future DLC to expand the game.  And that was after I'd lost five times.  It's a unique game that can be a bit difficult to describe, but rather than just shouting, ""I love it!"", I'll give it a try.   Basically you start by selecting a team of 3 characters from pools of 4 different types of explorers.  Each explorer is unique (some attacks abilities are repeated but the characters all have their own animations and it goes a long way to giving them the feeling of individual personalities) and has Skills, that effect how they play and their success rate on events that can occur while on an adventure.  After selecting your team, you start working your way through Adventures you want to undertake.  While on Adventures,  you explore locations on the Adventure Map searching for resources (used to upgrade your team) and events.  Events fall into three basic categories:  Adventure Wheel challenges (think The Price is Right), combat instances and story challenges (like choose your own adventure books). Lots of  events contain elements of all three.  Combat is tactical and features a unique system in which attacks are divided into Friendly (charm), Devious (psychological) and Aggressive (physical violence).  This ties into the flavor of your team.  Now at this point, we need to jump back to character selection.  Certain characters complement each other better when teamed together.  I've read some comments criticising the combat system as confusing and certain adventures as too hard.  The truth is, what team you put together determines which expeditions you're best suited to undertake and what tactics are best to use in combat.  *The game gives you all this information, you just need to read it.* When you select your crew, it tells you what types of team (Friendly, Devious or Aggressive) the character works best with.  It even gives examples in the character discription of the types of charcters they'd work well with.  It will even show you the type of team (Friendly, Devious, Aggressive) you're putting together at the top of the team selection screen.  The descriptions of Adventures tell you what type of team or what character skills are best suited for those adventures.  I imagine a lot of those people complaining did what I did at first, which is skim this information and go, ""These three look cool together, I'll use them!""  Team Super Awesome may be the coolest looking group of explorers around, but it doesn't mean they'll work that well  together or that they have any hope of  making it out of Transylvannia alive.   This is a roguelike.  I recommend sticking fairly close to the recommended teams until you have the chance to get a feel for the Adventures and different characters.  For the combat system, it's one of my personal favorite things about the game.  You can overwhelm pirates with charm, beat the living daylights out of evil cultists, or even make an ancient goddess cry and run away.  The types of attacks you use (your Atttitude) versus the type of attacks your opponent is using (their Attitude) create a Mood (displayed in the top center of the tactical map) that grants various buffs/debuffs.  As a tip, next to the Mood display are little indicators showing how many of the other types of attacks you can use before your Attitude changes, which changes the Mood.  You can mix and match attacks, managing and manipulating the Mood to your advantage is part of the challenge.  Be aware, the AI can do the same.  Pros:  A wide cast of playable characters that feel like individuals (not just reskinned clones).  A fun art style that goes very well with the game's sense of humour.  The combat system is unique and challenging.  Tons of content and an enormous amount of replayability.  While there is some violence, most of it is slapstick or cartoonish, and  I'd say it's one of the safer games out here for younger players.  It's fun, which I know sounds rather simple, but I can honestly say at no point have I been bored or felt gameplay was tedious.  Stability (I haven't had a single bug or crash).  Cons:  A playthrough only consists of 5 Adventures.  You won't understand why that would qualify as a con until you play it and realize how much you wish you could squeeze in just one more  :)"
76561197987103121,Recommended,296970,28290882,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Subterfudge,"Hmm. Well honestly beats the hell out of Curious Expidition out of sheer character and presentation alone honestly, in my pathetically humble opinion. Original gameplay that actually offers nonviolent options while still satisfying that weird reptillian urge to uterly dominate your opponent. Has alot of roleplaying potential, and half of the fun is making up your party composition at the start of the game. Characters run the gamut from power hungry crazies to chill bros. Bonus points for having a pretty mellow and fun soundtrack.Alot of different encounters and the randomness of the dice make for decent replayability without being too masochistic, although the further you get the more it inches that ramrod towards your♥♥♥♥♥♥if you arent properly prepared. Hear that sorta thing gets gamers a hardon nowadays, so yeah."
76561197972567515,Recommended,296970,30070038,Posted: 20 February,all,ScrambleTheDeathDealer,"This might just be the best Indie game on Steam.Fantasically written dialogue, fun boardgame-like gameplay, a wide cast of characters, replayablitiy, and community events!Going to have to follow these developers! Hope more is to come!"
,Recommended,296970,25945677,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,eugen_gherman,Different kind of fun :)Interesting game mechanics and potential for some light funNice replayability
,Recommended,296970,26006576,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Tracelele,A bit repetitive but there is enough choice to keep things interesting. I would highly recommend this game especially for the price.
,Recommended,296970,22388061,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,[♫] ZnC,"A hidden gem in the form of a roguelike, tactical RPG. Unique and complex yet well-implemented gameplay mechanics that meshes with each other. REIS is as epic as the title sounds - worth the full price.First Titan Ape epic encounter1. Try to beat up Titan Ape2. Get beaten up and loseSecond Titan Ape epic encounter1. Try to demoralize Titan Ape2. Titan Ape becomes enraged3. Get beaten up and loseThird Titan Ape epic encounter1. Show Titan Ape some magic tricks2. Titan Ape becomes your friend"
76561197984789416,Recommended,296970,28998624,Posted: 3 January,all,Flankster,"I don't think this game is for everyone, but even if you are mildly interested in it, buy it. You'll love it. It's refreshing to play a game that didn't bight off more than they can chew. Renowned Explorers feels polished. Their rock-paper-scissors ^2 mechanics are deep enough to be engaging without making you run a 14-hour statistical analysis on the game, just to get the hang of it. The dialoge is well written, the art is fantastic and it's just plain enjoyable. I highly recommend this game!"
,Recommended,296970,28969475,Posted: 3 January,all,Seeking Mr Eaten's Name,"Excellent game, 100% recommended.It feels like a complex strategy boardgame, mixed with RPG elements, and an interesting narrative. Also, for a rather ""short"" game, the replayability is huge. Going to the same places with a different team, you get different results. Taking different actions has an actual impact on each adventure. Easy to understand, complex to master, don't be fooled by the pretty graphics. Also, runs smoothly on most hardware, and i appreciate that the Mac port is pretty damn good.Basically, it's FTL, but with nicer graphics, different atmosphere, and way less random. As you progress and learn, you figure out that you have much more control over what happens than you think."
76561198005434974,Recommended,296970,28927636,Posted: 1 January,all,lucern,"If you're looking for an inventive turn based team strategy/adventure game with rogue-like elements, (or you might be after reading all of that), you can't go wrong with this one.  It's got deep wells of style, humor, and strategy, and it's set in a wonderfully re-imagined 19th century. That is to say, it's a 19th century nearly without heavy restrictions on women or colonized peoples and with 100% more cybernetic limbs and tesla weapons.  To be clear, this game is about colonizers and thieves of cultural artifacts, but it lets everyone in on the joke.  The art and animation are worthy of the experience, and the characters prove to have surprising depth.  The strongest suit here are the MANY options for building your party and playing them, with a ton of unique characters and an 'emotion' based combat that you've just never seen before.  It can be played for hours or for a few minutes.  You'll find a treasure trove of things to enjoy if you're still reading.  Without offering too many spoilers, in this game you can:-Take a team of archaeologists to Egypt, ransacking treasures like the glory days of colonial nostalgia-Help a sailor grow a beard-Insult sheep to advance the game-Have your German professor get everyone drunk-Punch out a nun and have one of your characters feel awful about it for the rest of the game.Bonus points from this anthropologist for having anthropology be the encounter-based research field, even though even 19th century anthropologists rarely engaged other cultures with their fists.  The devious approach, however....Easily recommended."
,Recommended,296970,24279567,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Encantador,"Simply brilliant rogue-lite game! Gather a team of three explorers with unique abilities, launch (and survive) five expeditions, manage the encounters, collect the resources and experience, go through lots of events, defeat the foes, equip, level-up and much more!Unique emotions/mood/attitude-based turn-based battle system.Bright and cartoon-ish visual style.One game takes around an hour to complete, and than new explorers and locations unlock.Highly recommended!P.S. Gameplay video review here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vOeEhKrZGZY[English subs]"
76561198067220059,Recommended,296970,19708099,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Daqriel,"Very addictive, only wish there were more expeditions..."
,Recommended,296970,19516803,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Chairman Pow!,"Surprise of the Autumn sale for me! A unique mixture of turn based combat, CYOA, resource management and an RPG. Designed for multiple playthroughs of a several hours each one, replayability comes from the huge number of parties you can form from various combinations of leaders and expedition members.A very fun game well worth your time."
76561198068016023,Recommended,296970,19443939,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Thrashbeard,"I like this.  A LOT.  There's so much charm, character, and care put into this game.  The diverse cast, rouge like elements, sense of adventure, interesting combat system, and all the little details make this a wonderful package.  I'm really hoping that more locations get released as time goes on because there is so much potential for it (not to mention the possibility of more characters).  Pick this up!  If the price is a bit much for you snag it during as sale but the price already seems worth it to me.Update: PLEASE LET THIS GAME CONTINUE TO GROW!!!!"
,Recommended,296970,19688901,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,DeificShadow,"The vampire, he is too charming. All my ladies want to stay with him forever. Deep down they know they should get back to finding spanish gold and screwing up literally every scientific observation, but what is a man really?"
,Recommended,296970,22504758,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,For Whom the Jerk Store Calls,"One of the most accessible and charming roguelikes I've ever played. Hopefully, we will be able to see more of this property in the future"
76561198026969075,Recommended,296970,19597908,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,gyura,"I am honestly in love with this game.While this is not the most in depth battle system there is out there, there is more than enough to make you think about your next action: Do i back off and heal my characters? Is the debuff worth the heal? Or does this character really benefit from the buff this gives more than the other? And that just on the defensive side. Positioning is key, and keeping track of your opponents and their skills, especially on harder difficulties.As for exploration, with many events in the game (500 at least i believe) runs will never really be the same: coupled with the fact that your explorers have their own personalities, which will influence some of the events, and their skills, which will definitely impact your chances of success. It's all risk vs reward, and how far you're willing to push your luck for a bit more gold, status, or research, or just stay safe so you dont lose those valuable resources, or endanger that good run.Can really recommend this game, it got me hooked, and with so much personality in the characters, and every captain having a different leader perk, there's plenty to find here; especially if you liked FTL, since there's some of that game in here... but with a strategy RPG battle system, and less space. More treasure, though."
,Recommended,296970,22694706,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,thraeq,"Really fun game.  Love the tactical battles, and that you can win in different ways, like aggressive, devious, or with kindness.  Love the style of the graphics and artwork.  Fun game."
,Recommended,296970,19509088,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,spindart,"A great adventure packed into a bite sized playthrough. The game itself lasts for 1-2 hours, but has high replayability. Kind of the perfect game to play on a lunch break - you feel like there is a high amount of progression with low time investment."
76561198034047012,Recommended,296970,20182137,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Cap'N ZinGir,"I bought this game cause i owned reus, was wondering if this would be just as much fun! its atleast 100X more fun! why fight when you can insult your enemy into a hissy fit and making them run off, or praise them with compliments to the point they just dont wanna fight you any more.And then all the stories while doing some exploring.Any person who likes adventure games would love this it has so much more to offer then most, and im sure there will be more expansions in the future"
,Recommended,296970,20284425,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,razmir,"Geat turn based roguelike, reminded me of FTL with better art style and story."
,Recommended,296970,20292325,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Rayzold,Angry wolf attackedMaria showed her legWolf fell in loveBattle wonwould see Maria's leg again. 10/10
76561198171750818,Recommended,296970,19643011,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,lizbook,"I out-niced a nun but could not out-sass a vampire. 10/10.Seriously, though, this is a funny and charming game with a variety of off-the-wall battles. I don't know if I'll ever make a team that wins the game, but I certainly enjoy trying!"
,Recommended,296970,22800452,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,unknowncity,"It's a decent game, if a bit on the repetitive side. Even swtiching up your team and strategy doesn't help as much as you might think, as you're playing through the same scenarios (randomized to an extent, but the same core events at each location) with variations on the same kinds of attacks and defenses.Visually, there is nothing to complain about. It looks great, and it plays snappy. There's a decent amount of humor, and it's entertainingly written. I've only encountered a handful of weird UI things, and no bugs worth mentioning.As a starting point for a bigger game experience -- updates, DLC and the like -- it's good. If there were dozens of adventures and more gameplay variety, I could see giving this a whole-hearted ""Buy it. Play it. Love it."" review. It's not there yet."
76561197970742305,Recommended,296970,19723228,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Sole,Still learning the mechanics but I am already enjoying it.
76561198067854479,Recommended,296970,20246773,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Steerpike,"This a fantastic game, a strategu rogue-like, with a movment system like FTL, a combat system akin to that of AOW 3 and a research tree similar to Civ 5. Added to that it has a senae of hunour and bright cartoont graphics that have a charm of their own. Highly recommended,"
76561198063554671,Recommended,296970,31910504,Posted: 22 May,all,The Alm,Get this game ♥♥♥♥♥.
,Recommended,296970,31887006,Posted: 21 May,all,AFoolProofPlan,"Oh man, where do I begin.To simply put, it's an excellent game.Visuals design of the game is just so lovely, colorful and full of characterSeemingly simple rock-paper-scissors style combat that unravels into many layers and combination of skillsHundreds of treasures to collect, places to explore, and characters/teams to try out.Every run is addictive and I'm always wanting to jump back into another expedition whether I come out successful or not. The prospect of finding a brand new encounter I haven't seen before or a brand new treasure is so alluring, it's hard to stop. Excellent game for just short casual play, or hardcore achievement/completionist run, or min/maxing your team. It's sure to have something you'd enjoy and I can't recommend it enough."
76561197987014920,Recommended,296970,31231015,Posted: 18 April,all,Manxome,"A game about 19th-century globetrotting exploration (""rogue-like"" in the sense that it has procedural content and optional permadeath, but it's not particularly hard to survive to the end). There's three main facets to this game:First, there's a series of text-based events describing the people, places, and artifacts you encounter on your expeditions. You can make choices about how to respond, with the skills and personality traits of your crew unlocking extra options or providing bonuses.Second, there's grid-based tactical combat. They've got a medium-weight combat system where each character has 3 basic moves and learns more specialized techniques as they level up. You can defeat opponents by beating them up, or by breaking their spirit with taunts and insults, or by winning them over with compliments and friendly banter. The moves you choose to use change your party's overall attitude, which can provide combat bonuses or penalties, influence enemy tactics, and change your rewards for the encounter.Third, there's a resource management system. As you journey, you collect gold, fame, and research that can be used to upgrade your equipment, recruit an encourage, and research new abilities. Many of the things you can buy feed back into resource generation for future expeditions, so it's got a growth-optimization angle that reminds me a little of Civilization and similar games (though the actual mechanics are thoroughly different).The skill system is notable: characters have skill ratings in general categories like Archaeologist, Diplomat, or Athlete, but your rating is simply a count of how many individual skills you have within that category (for instance, the Diplomat category has things like Languages, Customs, and Politics), which are sometimes individually important and also influence how you can rank up (there's no benefit to getting Diplomat: Languages from 2 different sources, but there is a benefit to getting both Diplomat: Languages and Diplomat: Customs)."
,Recommended,296970,25259379,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,McSpanky,"A smartly made game. A bit of choose-your-own-adventure, a bit of turn-based ""combat,"" and even some resource management.The real meat of this game is the combat. It has to be one of more creative ways I have seen. In addition to straight-up fighting skills, you can defeat your enemies with persuasive words and/or insulting taunts. There really is nothing like making a pirate run away in tears. Though knowing when to use each method is key to winning.Overall a very fun game to play, with plenty of replayability to it."
76561198000751209,Recommended,296970,25260013,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Jubblator,"A fun and challenging game on many levels, for me it's really fun in small doses (i usually do one playthrough here and there). Each time you win or loose, you get a reward in form of cards to carry over to the next time. Considering the amount of crew combinations, there is alot of replayability, i seriously hope for more adventures to launch as dlc further on thou."
76561198040941054,Recommended,296970,26006659,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Vetinari77,Superb and fresh
,Recommended,296970,20591545,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,kawacatoose,░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░░░█░░░█░█░▄▀░█▀▀░░░▀█▀░█░█░█░█▀▀░█░░░░█░░░█░░░█░█▀▄░░█▀▀░░░░█░░█▀█░█░▀▀█░▀░░░░▀░░░▀▀▀░▀░▀░░▀░▀▀▀░░░░▀░░▀░▀░▀░▀▀▀░▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▄░░░░░░░░░░░█░░█░░░░░░░░░░░█░░█░░░░░░░░░░█░░░█░░░░░░░░░█░░░░████████▄▄█░░░░░██████▄▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█████░░░░░░░░░███████▀░░░░▀▀██████▀
,Recommended,296970,21323312,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Salarn,"https://youtu.be/7aOHxFEjyksRenowned Explorers is a roguelite game where after assembling a crew of explorers they embark around the world to find hidden treasures and, well, steal them.The large variety of characters offers great replay value when combined with the multiple paths to victory and randomly generated content that feels natural.  Each adventure crafts a small story that builds off your previous actions.  Combat in the game can take a little getting used to with multiple ways to handle foes including killing them with kindness.This is a quality game that will quickly get it's hooks into you."
76561198035283070,Recommended,296970,21916240,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Admiral Bathsalts,"Do you know what this game is, this is one of those once in a blue moon games that are fun just because they're fun. There is no rhyme or reason to it it just is."
76561198075251380,Recommended,296970,22044872,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Nukebox.Zero,Just want to say I love this game. Play it for a few bursts at a time. I hope to see more updates or an expansion as this is a great game. Keep up the good work.
76561197993269284,Recommended,296970,21882248,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Deleran,"This is just a really excellent strategy game. My first impressions were that the presentation is charming, if simple. However, the gameplay is absolutely top notch. Simple, easy to understand systems interact with each other to create impressive depth and tons of replayability."
76561198065831458,Recommended,296970,21950344,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,PresidentNixon,yes
,Recommended,296970,22064216,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Zoombini,"Renowned Explorers is an amazing game! I love itPROSGreat graphics and designThe battle engine is surpringly goodMany possibilities on your journeyEmotions make the game much more interestingMaking fun of people is greatCONSRepititiveNot that many things to do in a full game (hopefully more will be addedTHOSE DAMN MONKEYSBut seriously, this game is worth every penny and the devs seem like they actually care about this game and are constlantly working to improve it."
,Recommended,296970,33086971,Posted: 1 July,all,hellomidnight,"Impressed a bunch of sheep, beat up a nun. 10/10."
76561198095012694,Recommended,296970,19848353,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,deiboier,Fantastic game
76561198077297773,Recommended,296970,29351169,Posted: 18 January,all,GasTheFanz,"Wow, never seen that coming! Very well put together game of epic proportions! One of the best turn based battle systems Ive seen in a while. Very well done adventuring that makes you use your nogging and implements a very odd but satisfying battle system based on ""emotions""! Go check out the forums and the store page for this one, you are gonna trip on how much fun it is! Worth every penny!"
76561198012819738,Recommended,296970,19272800,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Chairman_Meow,"Excellent game! The game has a ton of replay value by mixing and matching different crews and going on different expeditions. You can choose different abilities among your crew to help on different expeditions or encounters.The battles play like a tactical rpg with some rock-paper-scissors elements. There is some randomness involved in different challenges, with modifiers depending on different attributes your team possesses.Pros:-The animation style is endearing-Easy to start, but also has a lot of depth in terms of tactics and combinations-Game is light hearted-Unique game, really unlike other things I have played before-You feel accomplished when you win a tough battle or get a rare treasureCons-Starting tutorial can be a little bare so it takes a couple playthroughs to get the hang of things-Some bosses can be annoying or difficult if you dont play them the right way (reinforcements keep coming or the boss may be immune to a predominant skill your team has). This requires you to play a couple times to know how to prepare for a certain expedition, or read a guide.Overall highly recommended."
76561198012233269,Recommended,296970,18882191,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Meme of the Month,"I would recommend rhis game to anyone. The combat system is strikes the perfect balance between too simple to give a challange and too complex to get into. The theme is one rarely seen in games and expertly done. The difficulty can suit anybody regardless of experience. The story you create as you adventure with your crew is indefinately compelling. The only downside is the seeming lack of variety in locations but your playstyle, characters and ordering will create new scenarios well into your 30th visit to that area. This game is also still getting support post-launch with a free ""Mali Mystery""  and Halloween event out already. This is honestly the best game I've played all year. (granted Fallout 4 isn't out yet. BUT STILL.) I would feel sad if anybody was to miss out on playing this game."
,Recommended,296970,18106473,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Mandor,"A very enjoyable little game with surprisingly deep mechanics and replayability. The only limitation is the number available expeditions and RNG events of which I'm sure they'll eventually add more of. Hell, I'd even be willing to buy expedition DLCs!"
76561198258238038,Recommended,296970,18899726,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,alvinchang1990,"A refreshingly new concept of RPG among its competitors. You start off by choosing a leader and two party members for the adventure. There will be a tutorial island for you to grasp the concept of the game. After the tutorial, you are given some maps to start your adventure. This game depends on luck, choice, minimum grinding, and managing of resources. Although the game has a limited amount of maps that you can play, you will experience different encounters and treasures each time you entered the same map. It is suitable for casual gamers who love RPG but do not want to invest too much time to complete a game. Usually, I do not replay a game once I have completed the storyline, but the game's replayability value is fantastic. You replay to unlock new characters, out of 20 characters and collect new treasures that will help you tremendously in your game. I reprimanded a wolf for getting a C- for its exam and rejected a vampire. Damn, it's freaking awesome!I highly recommend this game."
76561198212605888,Recommended,296970,23388354,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,jessbrooke,"I've played this a long time, and enjoyed it. But without the expansion, the game lacks a satisfying conclusion. If you want this game, please get More to Explore with it. Its the difference between good and great.I really hope to see more games try this gameplay style though, the team tactics are what really make the game, and it would be a shame for others not to try using it."
,Recommended,296970,28818344,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,GameDragonZero,"SUMMARY: A fun, clever, challenging, and character-filled ""exploration and Tactical RPG roguelike"" set in a fictional 19th century.  Manage a party of explorers, choose different ways to deal with enemies and challenges, unlock mysteries, and try to become the most renown explorer ever. There's a lot to do and find - and you can play an entire game in an hour or less . . . then do it again.  A must-buy for fans of good adventure/SRPG games.Renowned Explorers: International Society takes place in a fictional 19th century where Exploring is the big thing, and most countries get along to sponsor investigations of the mysterious phenomena of the world - and find all sorts of amazing treasures.  You're running one of these adventuring groups seeking fame, fortune, and of course to show up that complete jerk Rivaleux with the great hair that keeps ruining EVERYTHING by finding it.Plus, you get to do this your way.  The game is all about choice:* Select a party of 3 adventurers from 4 differnt types (Scientists, Scouts, Fighters, and Speakers).  Each adventurer is a unique personality with special abilities, skills, looks, and even backstories you can unlock.* Send them forth on adventures where you travel strange lands seeking fortune, fame, information, encounters, treasures, and occasionally lost sheep and llamas.* Face assorted challenges that will test your skills and planning (or at least risk management), and weigh your options wisely.* Exchange campfire stories to boost your abilities or find out more about your crew - and watch them develop* Have them enter into conflict with assorted inhabitants and enemies, and decide how to handle the issues - friendliness, deception, or aggression.  Abilities and your options change as you use them and as the ""mood"" of battle shifts.  You could find yourself sending an enemy home in a body bag, off crying, or have them decide you're a great person and leave you alone.* Improve your characters as they gain experience, with new skills abilities.* Return home with treasures you find or select.* Upgrade your research, hire helpers and specialists, buy equipment, and even deliver lectures to raise resources.  As you explore more, Exporer groups will help you out, further increasing options.* Head towards the inevitable conflict with famous explorer and walking smug grin Rivaleux to show him up as best explorer!* As you play keep unlocking more possible lead characters, extra stories to tell around the campfire, and more.* Try and find every treasure and campfire story.  Oh and beat Rivaleux!* Participate in various weekly challenges.Renown explorers packs in adventure, mystery, choice, resource management, three kinds of conflicts, and plenty of humor - and a campaign takes at most an hour to play!  Since each game often unlocks more options after you play, you can try it again with a new mix of characters, new leaders, new stories, and randomized settings.Along with the great game play is excellent graphic design, with a colorful cartoony world, a good soundtrack, and snappy writing.  The game is even self-aware of how bizarre it's world is, with characters commenting on and embodying old tropes of pulps and victorian adventure with gleeful self-awareness.On top of all of this there's a great tutorial and clear controls, so it's easy to pick up for people who aren't always into the tactical RPG genre.So who should by this game?* First and foremost, if ""easy to play/hard to master roguelike cartoony Tactical RPG with base management"" pushes your buttons you should buy this.*If you like a good character-optimizing and exploration-focused adventure game, you'll enjoy this.  Getting things ""just right"" is a challenge.* If you're looking for a fun rouglike RPG - though this is more map-point exploring than corridor-crawling with tactical battle over simple click-and-fight.It's hard NOT to reccomend this game to people, it's that much fun, that easy to pick up, that challenging.  Except to Rivaleux, he's a jerk."
76561198018460505,Recommended,296970,22327408,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,AgrippaMaxentius,"Fun stuff and very reminiscient of ""Curious Expedition"" but undoubtedly a game with a tremendous amount of promise. This is not your typical stab them up, you can choose to resolve conflicts diplomatically, politically and anything in between. Or of course you could slaughter what you view as inferior cultures and take what's rightfully yours! Only negative here is the ""Cutesy"" art, which  I don't really  care for. 8/10https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jJ3TNj6wZ0A&nohtml5=False"
76561197975493492,Recommended,296970,26212694,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,karl,"I'd recommend this when it's on sale at -50%!Fairly standard rogue-like dungeon crawler. With the obvious palette and lore changes.My biggest peeves is the necessity to do certain steps in town in a very specific order to maximize *score* -- which is the weekly challenges that this game has. I.E. go to the shopsI know it's a roguelike and there shouldn't be any save/loading, but please for the love of goodness and QOL allow it while you're inbetween missions. So many 2-3 hour highscore runs lost (by a few hundred points) because I forgot to buy an Artifact BEFORE Researching BEFORE buying an Entourage Upgrade BEFORE doing another Research. Then I realized I was too casul for platinum medals every week. :(Also, the devs don't seem to care about cheaters on the hall of fame (accumulated weekly high scorers) because I've scrutinized several screenshots on their albums that (they forgot to hide) show nigh impossible situations, i.e. it would require a minimum of 4000 points of research done in thenon-optimal research treesto unlock the number of cities that are accessible on their screenshot -- yet they do not have a science-focused Party, nor did they hit the science-heavy nodes... which means they should only have 1000-2500 science even with RNGesus guiding their every click."
,Recommended,296970,18803597,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,SteveWinwood,"This game is awesome. Totally worth the 15 bucks. I've already dumped too many hours in it.It is challenging though so if you're not up for it maybe give it a pass.It's basically fire emblem meets FTL. It's great. Lots of systems, skills and items and all sorts of stuff.I first looked at it and immediately wrote it off. My friend convinced me otherwise and now the art style has really grown on me. Don't make the same mistake I almost did!"
,Recommended,296970,17867409,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Lina Inverse,"Just finished my first walkthrough（ended up as third）and eager to start my second one.There are really a lot of possibilities in combat,and the characters are interesting too（hope they can add more,by DLC or what）,reminds me of those great old school adventurers like tintin and indiana jones.But 20 USD is a little expensive"
,Recommended,296970,27003528,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,naturalog,One of my favorite games of the year!  A fun rogue-like with a lot of female characters and high replayability.
76561197960344344,Recommended,296970,17874054,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,coltos,"Renowned Explorers: International Society is a suprisingly addictive game with great game mechanics, but it is painfully short for people who are more into long (or even short...) campaigns. I still want to recommend it for purchase of course, as it is a really fun experience even after many-many playthroughs.I would like to get more explores per game, pretty please?"
76561197971587523,Recommended,296970,24769163,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,CabbageSalad,Great game.Much like FTL with a few elements of Civ.
76561198002251822,Recommended,296970,31218171,Posted: 18 April,all,eXistenZ,Just...One...More... Expedition
,Not Recommended,296970,22348600,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Science Fact,"So much of the game is about building up your team, but the game will be over before you finish leveling them up or get an opportunity to benefit from much of the skills and bonuses that you accumulate. The Friendly/Devious/Aggressive system of resolution is interesting in theory but the execution leaves a lot to be desired, since their end effects are hardly distinguishable. Moving around in each campaign feels less like exploration and more like playing a slot machine with a very limited number of quarters. It often does not feel like you have very much control over how much of the game's victory point resource you get, and so ultimately it comes down more to luck than anything else whether you can even approach winning or not. The music and encounters are extremely repetitive after a few playthroughs, with enemy types, map types, and win conditions having little to no variation."
76561198207191799,Not Recommended,296970,28920397,Posted: 1 January,all,Russ Cabbage,"Overall, it's quite a nice game. The art style is cartoonish and playful, and the mechanics are smooth and easy to use. The idea of three different approaches (Friendly, Devious, or Aggressive) to your expedition is unique, and it's fun seeing how your choice of emotion affects your opponents. The variety of characters is enjoyable as well, as they all have different personalities and looks.But as nice as this all sounds, I can't recommend this game. My initial impression was ""oh man! With this many characters and options to customize the difficulty, I'll be playing this game forever!"". Unfortunately, I was wrong. After one incredibly short playthrough (took me about three or four hours), I was satisfied. Two days later I started a new game with new characters and a new Agressive approach. To my great disappointment, I found myself terribly bored within the first Encounter (what the battles are called in-game). All the dialogue and text between encounters was almost exactly the same, not to mention the story and plot stayed as dull as ever. I played on, but could not get myself to be nearly as intruiged as I had been during my first playthrough.I'd rate Renowned Explorers a lowly 4/10, giving it credit for unique gameplay style that the developers did not expand nearly enough on and the aesthetic art style. The game definitely isn't worth it full price, and hardly worth it on a sale. Sure, put it on your wishlist and get it on sale if you curious, but keep in mind that it will most likely only offer you a few hours of time-killing at most."
,Recommended,296970,18803614,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Chef,"Excellent mix of Strategy, RPG, Roguelike, with beautiful art style, unique mechanics and lots of replay value.Thanks TB , i love you."
76561198018696479,Recommended,296970,18629259,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,bellevue,"Charming game underpinned with wit and attention to detail. A run through to completion is typically around 3-4 hours but there is so much replayability value thanks to the amount of different treasures to be found and the variety of combinations of characters, all with their own distinct personalities and skills. On the surface it's a simple rock-paper-scissors game, but there is a surprising amount of depth both in character customisation back in London and in strategy during the encounters which can be solved in a number of ways. Devs are very supportive on the forums and you can see why: they have made a distinctive game over which a great deal of care has been taken. A recommended buy."
76561198005866421,Recommended,296970,18303300,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Davidklk,"Great little game, quite tough but innovative and has quite deep tactical and strategic systems"
76561197993215309,Recommended,296970,19380456,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,StardustCrusader,"This game was a huge surprise for me. I bought it on a whim, and could not be more pleased. The battle system is very deep, and satisfying to get to grips with. The setting is wonderful, and engaging. The devs are very active, and are devoted to the game. I urge anyone with any interest in either the setting, or strategy games to take the plunge. I give it my highest recommendation."
76561198091665585,Recommended,296970,18929453,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,ellodegard,"One of the most fun, exiting and original games I’ve played recently! I really enjoyed the many different characters to choose from. I've tried different combinations of characters to form my expedition crews, and I am still figuring out which approach suits me best. It’s nice to see that there are different ways to victory, and that you really have to figure out which approach works best. So far I've only played the game on easy mode, just because I enjoyed exploring the many options of the game first.The 19th century explorer theme works really well for this game and the historical features are nicely implemented in the gameplay. Lots of humour as well.Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,296970,19283612,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Orteko,Fun little game - the combat is deeper than it looks and choosing the right party structure is key to success.
,Recommended,296970,18691463,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Pungent Raindeer King,"This game is fantastic. It takes the core gameplay loop of FTL (exploration of stages with various points of interest and random events), adds an additional resource management/research/etc strategy layer to visit in between stages, and mixes that with a deceptively deep and difficult tactical combat system. On top of all that, it's charming as hell and has a very interesting theme. Kill your enemies with kindness (or swords)! Check this game out. If you enjoyed FTL, like the theme, or have any interest whatsoever in tactical combat games (or games that offer alternatives to violence), you owe it to yourself to check this game out. If you're on the fence, just look it up on YouTube or something. You should check this game out."
76561198004403946,Recommended,296970,18849958,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Althius1,"Really, really enjoy this game.  Well done, and the developers really seem to be supporting it with new content.My 5 year old daughter and I love to play together.  It's fun and colorful enough to keep her entertained, and deep enough to keep me interested.Like many games that came before it... but I think it might be one of the best of it's genre.  Better than FTL?  I think so."
,Recommended,296970,19355250,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Hauptj,"A great game, with lots of variety in both characters and locations. There's a lot of strategy that isn't immediately noticeable, like how to use attitudes and enemies changing moods."
,Recommended,296970,18849770,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,ZoroarkN7,"This is probably one of my favorite games of the year thus far. This is a rouge-like, treasure hunt where you build a team of three explorers to find treasure and to deal with any problems that may get in your way. Each character you have to choose from have different skills, so the way you play each time can vary greatly. The turn-based combat system is very cool, offereing up different ways of dealing with foes, be it in an aggressive, friendly, or devious manor. Overall, if you enjoy rouge-likes, such as FTL, turn based combat, or really want an Indiana Jones' style game, this game is a must."
76561198010981314,Recommended,296970,18854774,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Peterwitzig,"This game is amazing. Havent gotten too much playtime as of yet, but i spend basically every free minute on it. The stories are lovely, the game design really interesting with decent depth and the colors and graphics are simly stunning. Just get it!"
76561197969749884,Recommended,296970,28272841,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Sarkoth,"Brilliant roguelike, only the combat can become a bit tedious after prolonged playtime. But the different characters with different synergies make up for that as well.Art design is great, sound is great and it never feels unfair, even on higher difficulties."
,Recommended,296970,19133226,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,chaosfrogs,"RE:IS gives you a fairly diverse cast of characters from which to create a party in a colorful rogue-like.  The characters are fun and you can create a party any way you like, once you've unlocked everyone as a leader.  Encounter angry pirates and moody sheep, then decide whether to punch them all in the face or play on their emotions.  Choose difficulties ranging from ""walk in the park cuz i just want to see everything"" to ""OMG, WTF, why did i do this to myself?""Every playthrough will be different, even if you play with the same party because of random elements.  Also the game gets updated every couple of weeks to keep things fresh.tl;dr It's a fun game that can appeal to anyone on the casual to hardcore spectrum, with great replayability."
76561198063120601,Recommended,296970,19294280,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Squirting Elephant,"This is a must-have for all rogue-fans. It's the next FTL.Great music, epic rogue-like gameplay, decent graphics and intro's&story&combat animations can optionally be skipped.Sadly the game is pretty short but it has a lot of replayability."
76561198001650010,Recommended,296970,18686442,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,jbgarner58,"Interesting tactical gameplay, a wide variety of playstyles, and nice presentation make for a great bout of rogue-lite fun!Renowned Explorers is, as it says, a tactical rogue-like where you play a team of explorers seeking to become the greatest of all time!  Set in a 19th century vaguely steampunkish setting, the world has a lot of charisma and each expedition stage has its own quirks and charms.  I especially enjoyed the wide variety of crew members and I hope one of the things the developers release is more of them, as they add a real splash of color to the proceedings, especially as you realize that each explorer has hidden traits and abilities as well.The goal is to become the most renowned explorer in the world, racing against a rival and his own crew of explorers.  You gain renown by, well, exploring and the fun is deciding what path you will take to both explore and to deal with the variety of challenges before you.  There are both choose-your-own-adventure moments, the random outcomes decided by the Adventure Wheel and influenced by the skills and stats of your explorers (sometimes also with those hidden character influences coming up), and tactical encounters.  Though simpler than something like the X-COM games, it still has engaging strategin elements, helped along by the emotion and three-part attitude systems.Conflicts can be resolved by Agressive (straight up combat), Devious (trickery or intimidation), or by Friendly (diplomacy and enthusiasm) means.  Resolving encounters with different attitudes leads to different rewards, told to you on the battle screen.  Also, the emotions of characters can shift through different states, both positive and negative, each with added buffs and debuffs based on the emotion.  Performing repeated actions of a particular attiude can shift the overall attitude of the battle, which ALSO has a variety of buffs and debuffs.  Even blending some of one attitude during a round can shift the attitude to a different style of the current one.  There's a lot to discover and understand here, especially early on.While I love the encounter system, it does have its flaws.  My biggest gripe is that there is only one 'health bar', Spirit, meaning that all forms of influence take from that bar.  It's not usually a problem, but it feels just a little off that both insults and gunfire do the same harm and are healed the same way.  When it comes to the Adventure Wheel, it can be a bit rough early on, especially as you are learning the system and the kinds of challenges, and sometimes the rogue-lite elements can bite you on the♥♥♥♥♥ throwing you into hard-to-handle situations just because of the arrangement of an expedition.Overall, though, I greatly enjoy the game and look forward to many more playthroughs.  So many more teams to try and Captains to unlock!Pros:+ Interesting tactical encounter system+ Bright and colorful art style+ Charismatic cast of playable characters and plenty of things to unlock+ Rogue-lite elements lead to lots of variety in playthroughs+ Variety of expeditions to undertake, multiplied by the rogue-lite elementsCons- One health bar for all kinds of attacks feels funny- Rogue-lite elements sometimes bite you on the♥♥♥♥♥- Might be a bit overwhelming at first to completely grasp the emotion/attitude systems"
76561198119578454,Recommended,296970,18737325,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,aHoboWithNikes,"This will be a short review since I have only spent ~3 hours playing this game. So far I love it. After reading the many positive reviews I decided to try it, and I don't regret it one bit. This game has a ton of potential, and with the right amount of support we as a community can help the devs acheive it. If you are a fan of turn-based RPGs, this is a worthy investment."
76561198011551008,Recommended,296970,19401808,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,DVSDanieltheJew,"A cross between turned based tactical combat and FTL.  Despite initial reservations over whether it will be replayable, it managed to suck me in for hours.  Good buy."
76561198004469540,Recommended,296970,18732881,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,lichifruit,"One of the best games I've gotten on steam in a long time. Reknowned Explorer's is like FTL for pulp adventure stories and with more polished art. The fact that it's a roguelike with a variety of strategies makes for a game with a lot of replayability, but what really stands out to me is that for a roguelike the variance is pretty low: unlike FTL, where many runs end up a fool's errand based on the whims of the RNG, runs in RE are all feasible based upon the goals you set for yourself and your experience with the strategies for your team build.Learning to overcome the game in a variety of ways through your failed runs is a rewarding style of game design. The only real complaint I have about RE is that I wish there was more content, but that's not because the game is unsatisfying. It's just so good I want more of it."
,Recommended,296970,19351559,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Lunique Kero,"Renowned explorer is a great roguelike game that has a very cute and friendly appeal to it!What I loooove about it, is how you trully can adopt a strategy in this game compared to many roguelike where you pretty much have to roll the dices and pray taht the game deeems giving you the tools to let you have a good game. Also the many characters available each with their own different perks guarantees that you can try hundreds of different ways to play each game.The game is already excellent, but if they decide to add some DLCs or Updates with additional locations to explore, that would be awwwwwsome!"
,Recommended,296970,19807495,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Dr. graetz,"Once you got into it, you will love it - where are the expansion packs!?"
76561198000094900,Recommended,296970,31044342,Posted: 9 April,all,swith,"Super fun game with loads of replayability - it's got the perfect mix of strategy and just enough RNG to keep it exciting.  Great for a quick gaming break, but you can just as easily spend several hours experimenting with teams and strategies.  Worth every penny!"
,Recommended,296970,32538017,Posted: 18 June,all,lazorexplosion,"In the top five tactics games of all time in my opinion. Rich in thoughtful decision making, challenging, a lot of content and a ton of charm. Very much worth it."
,Recommended,296970,24309565,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,T.w2|revolver camp,A good game that was worth the 20.00 $ I paided for it.
76561198173459466,Recommended,296970,32983742,Posted: 29 June,all,Phii,"RE: International Society is a turn-based game that let's you discover, research, befriend or fight different places and people all around the globe. While the playthroughs are made to be quick and your campaigns only last for 5 explorations (or less if you're playing Adventure Mode), there is a high replayability. There are always new secrets, treasures and encounters to discover.You can decide how you want to build your team, approach other characters and win encounters. To me that's one of the most enjoyable things in the came; the variety of everything. There are so many ways you can collect Renown and climb your way to the top.The Tutorial is a bit long and the ""Combat"" System uses Moods and Emotion skills, which seem a bit complicated at first, but you get into it right away and it's understandable once you use them a couple times.All in all a very enjoyable and fun game, for casual and more strategic gamers."
,Recommended,296970,32903646,Posted: 27 June,all,thehoodie,gud
,Recommended,296970,19361668,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Λ *Juginyz* Λ,"An Amazing mix of RTS, RPG and Economy styles.Great Story with perfect art and landscapes.While challenging at points you will never get bored as every game is a new oneOne of my top 10 games this year.Won't lie, I might have talked to some VooDoo Monkeys on Emerged Island to provide me with this game for free, but It may not have happened either <3"
,Recommended,296970,18601503,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,LtCol. TONZAA007,"I don't know, I love it :D"
76561198048871026,Recommended,296970,18417426,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,ProSkerbingMovie,"So in this game you establish a team of 3 explorers, then go off on a series of adventures in order to defeat that dastardly Frenchman Rivaleux and his team of equally dastardly explorers. You have 3 options as to how you handle encounters: You can be Agressive, Friendly or Devious. These work in a rock paper scissors style system. As you complete these expeditions you find different types of currency, which can be spent on upgrading your crew in various ways. The in-game tutorials do an excellent job of explaining this to you, and prevent any confusion you may have at first.The encounters themselves are fun and unique, even if you play through the same encounters again and again they always go a little differently, though they can be a a little cheap (and borderline unfair) at times (I'm looking at you, Vladimir). Unfortunately there are very little encounters currently in the game, so you WILL be playing the same ones again and again.Overall I'd say it's an excellent game and well worth the price, with frequent updates adding more content. If you're at all interested in strategy or turn based combat I'd say this game is a must-have, as it's a nice blend of combat and RNG (generally to determine how many resources you manage to gather) with a lot of replayability and quirky, interesting and  generally adorable characters.I highly reccomend it and would give it a 9/10."
,Recommended,296970,18431068,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Rominos2,"First, this is my favorite game this year (2015).Why ? Because it got everything for a goodroguelike-strategic-rpg-adventure game. Well, that's quite a long tag but let's speak about the game.You're a crew of explorers (leaded by a captain). Every member hasspecial abilities and stats. Also note the levelling aspect and the equipment.You set-up your crew (researche, buy stuff, get entourage), and then you jump on an adventure campaign !You get through anrandom-generated node-network areas. On these zone, you can complete actions with a success chance that depend on the traits of you crew members (archaeologist, naturalist, athlete, rogue ...).An sometimes, you get into fights. The game proposes a sort ofrock-paper-scissors systemdepending on your actions (aggressive, devious or friendly) and get you bonuses or maluses.Each playthrough isunique(depending on your crew abilities, the treasures that affect your next runs, the random-generated maps, and the way you make the choices).It's needed a lot of runs to discover bits by bits the story proposed in each campaign.I'm currently at 32h and I'm not near the end of the content of the game (without speaking of the next adventures in two weeks)To conclude, it's aninnovative, well-written and nice-lookingroguelike-strategic-rpg-adventure game."
76561198019822420,Recommended,296970,18436485,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Kaylana,"This game is awesome.  Very fun, lots of replayability, great theme and overall mechanics."
76561198048002776,Recommended,296970,18446645,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Igotim,"This game is excellent. It's well designed, difficult, replayable, fun and innovative. Every game Abbey Games has put out has really impressed me and I would gladly purchase any other title of theirs on the strength of Reus and Renowned Explorers alone. The ability to replay this game time and time again makes it incredibly valuable. It's also easy to pick up and put down without losing your place or focus. Incredibly designed and worth every penny."
76561198030762453,Recommended,296970,18448255,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Cozar,"Overview:  A stellar game with elements of party management, resource management and tactical combat. The game consists of short, challenging play-throughs that build familiarity with the game levels and concepts. As you improve, the game provides re-playability through selection of different combinations of party members and/or attempts to refine your strategy for high score. Not only is the game already fun, but the developers are very active in the steam community to fix bugs and implement suggestions for improvement.Read on for a description of the game play elements.Party Selection: The first challenge is picking a captain and two crew members from a selection of 12 characters with a variety of strengths and weaknesses. The characters are divided into 4 classes, each with 2 of 9 traits, a variety of attacks, and semi-hidden personality traits with hints in the character description. The game provides plenty of advice for selecting your team, including description of a character’s strengths and weaknesses, recommended party members, and symbols for a party’s relative strength in each of the three offensive areas – allowing you to quickly select a balanced or specialized party. There is plenty to appeal to min-maxers, challenge runs, or leisure players that just want to select a quick party and go exploring.Expeditions: After choosing a party you are cast into your 1st of 5 expeditions, in which you explore a location for resources (gold, campaign and research) and renown (victory points). The map shows the location of the final boss and a couple of nearby locations. Each location gives a hint of the challenges and rewards you may find. Some spaces give rewards automatically, some required the roll on a an adventure wheel, where your chance of success is determined by your party’s class, traits and stats. Some challenges provide an opportunity to avoid the roll for a lesser reward, others impose penalties for failure, including a loss of resolve (game over at 0). Your goal is to choose the route that will provide the most reward on the way to the final boss. You can take as long a path as you like, but if you run out of supplies, your team starts suffering stat penalties.Encounters: Encounters are brief tactical combats that occur during expeditions. During combat, your characters can use aggressive attacks (physical), devious speech (insults) or friendly speech (compliments) to reduce your opponents’ spirit (hit points). Speech abilities also have 4 debuffs and 2 buffs (friendly speech) that can be applied to a target. Friendly abilities can be used on your own party to heal or remove debuffs. The debuffs/buffs only apply when a character has a positive or negative state of mind, which can be manipulated through use of devious or friendly speech. Also, using aggressive, devious, or friendly abilities will affect the mood of which is how the enemy perceives your actions. The enemy also has its own mood showing their preferred method of attack. The game applies bonuses in a RPS format based on your and your opponents’ mood, where aggressive > friendly > devious > aggressive. If your mood matches your opponent, you receive a bonus to abilities in the superior mood. If your mood is superior to your opponent, you receive a defensive bonus. If your mood is inferior, you receive a defensive penalty. If your characters die in combat, you lose one resolve. Characters can also be revived in lieu of attacking your opponents.Preparation: After each successful expedition, you are given the chance to spend your resources to improve your characters. Research can be spent to improve your ability to earn rewards, or to make combat easier. Campaign is used to upgrade your shops or hire an entourage, which can improve the value of future reward tokens or increase the number of reward tokens you receive for certain events. Gold is spent on items. Each character can hold one offensive item, one defensive item and one trinket that provides unique bonuses. Will you buy quality armor for a single character, or spread the wealth for small improvements for all of your characters? Finding treasure during expeditions also earns insight, which can be spent during preparation to earn more research, campaign, or gold tokens – you decide.Ending the Game: You win the game if you successfully complete 5 expeditions AND finish with more renown than your arch rival. You lose if your party is wiped out during combat, loses all of its resolve during expedition or combat, or if you complete 5 expeditions but don’t earn enough renown to be the top explorer.If you like strategy and tactics, this game is for you."
,Recommended,296970,18492570,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Naqel,Interesting concept with some unique mechanics to back it up.
76561198032954445,Recommended,296970,18538099,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Commander,A superb game that is unique and fun to play.
76561198003093463,Recommended,296970,18587115,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Shylock,"This game might be the only one where you can basicaly ""hug-out"" a boss encounter.10/10 would  befriend the Smuggler Captain again"
,Recommended,296970,18600329,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,A dingus,"Fun as hell roguelike with turn-based tactical ""combat"""
76561198032654957,Recommended,296970,18601043,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Seyren 'Denton' Windsor,A polished and riveting take on a rogue-like adventure.
76561198042206774,Recommended,296970,18621697,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,kyle.w9532,Great Game
76561198077377525,Recommended,296970,18625976,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,NineOh9,"Honestly, I was surprised by how good it is.The artstyle is good, character designs being one of the things that I liked the most. The gameplay is engaging, highlights being the exploration of the different areas. It can sometimes be difficult, but the more you play it, the easier it gets imo. The sound design is great, love the atmospheric sound in the stages and the goofy sounds that the characters make. Seems to have quite a lot of replayability to it with the team customization and with the unlocking of other characters as captains.Though, I do have a slight issues with this game.While the visuals are good, they, in combat, look a bit too blurry and have barely any detail. I also think the sprite animations need a few more frames during the attacks to make it a bit smoother, and maybe add a reaction to the characters/enemies being damaged when attacked. I also noticed that there was no sound to the mummies attack. Tiny issues, but they do make a difference.Besides those slight problems, I ran into a few glitches. One where my character attacked the enemy, went the other way (away from the enemy, not towards it) and attacked. Then there was some random lines of codes popping up on my screen after I had made a purchase in one of the stores."
76561198054166429,Recommended,296970,18747407,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,StatelyPuddle,"The game is just awesome, if you like tactical rouge-like turn based games with funny writings and story, buy it"
76561198012256947,Recommended,296970,18756492,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Sterls,"Great game, I've spent has much time playing it as the title is long. Challengeing with a very deep combat system that I have yet to master. Great art, and charactors. Would love to see some mod support and a newgame + mode that keeps your character's level and research. Perhpas a lvl 10 cap too. Can be played for a short adventure or a long exploration."
76561198009433364,Recommended,296970,18774269,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Simkin,"Don't be fooled by the at-a-glance simple battle mechanics, this game will have you hooked with the best of the rogue-likes. I'd say it's easily as enjoyable as Rogue Legacy, and easier on those without the hand/eye coordination necessary for that sort of game. Well worth it at full price, if it's on sale, this is a hell of a bargain. The Devs are amazing and are continually updating the game - including completely free DLC with a whole new area to explore.One word of caution - if you don't want to be too frustrated by a capricious RNG, play on Discovery (saves allowed) mode."
76561198087738131,Recommended,296970,18884579,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Rothana,"A very creative and interesting game. I have a love-hate relationship with it right now because I'm not very good at it. Still haven't won a game so far, but I keep coming back to it to try again. I feel like the game could do a better job of helping me understand how its rather different combat system works, and the in-game encyclopedia help thing is much too basic and generalized. Overall it's an extremely well-done game and it is fun. I suspect that even once I finally win a game it won't mean that I'll be able to win every time. Big thumbs up."
,Recommended,296970,32646800,Posted: 22 June,all,Doomspawn,"It takes some getting used to the combat, but i love the art style and the randomness of it."
76561198005412893,Recommended,296970,19218638,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Hailo,"A amazing game have dumped so much time into it and it keeps getting more complex, easy to play difficult to master.Definitely worth all the money"
,Recommended,296970,19121071,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,mindvoice,"Very interesting game. Lots of tactics, lots of combinations, but very short rounds."
76561198034059970,Recommended,296970,25221321,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Icarus42,"About ~35 hours in and this game is still alot of fun. The new 'More to Explore' DLC rounds out the experience nicely. Hopefully, there is still more content to come, but even if this is it, I still have hours of enjoyment ahead."
76561198000446343,Recommended,296970,17894550,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,A slice of Tuna,"You can seduce a wolf, a monkey, and a nun 11/10"
76561198051148674,Recommended,296970,19045088,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Chagataev,"Amazing game. Easily worth $20 if you like rogue-lite and tactical combat. If you get it for less than that it's a no-brainer. After nearly a hundred hours played, I want to write my first-ever Steam review to hopefully make a few more people aware it's out there.While the artwork makes Renowned Explorers look cutesy and light, it's really anything but. There's an impressive amount of depth here, and on many levels. I love the tactical challenges of games like xcom and Invisible, inc. (which was previously my favorite game of the year). This game is in many ways similar to those games but I think it's quite possibly better.In the beginning you put together a team of three explorers and then guide them through a series of perilous expeditions spent hunting for treasure. The expeditions are made up of a series of (usually optional) stat rolls for in-game currency, fame and research, along with combat encounters that also reward you. The stat rolls are nerve-wracking and sometimes you have to make the choice to gamble your entire game on a roll.The combat is a modified rock-paper-scissors style where you have to control which abilities you use based on enemy weaknesses, range of abilities and overall ""mood,"" which will give combat-wide buffs or debuffs based on the past series of moves you've used. You can get by in the beginning based on the tutorial info but once you've put in maybe 30-40 hours in the game you really start to master the depth and can use things like delayed starts to combat, stacked AoEs and predictive shop buys to get items for specific encounters in advance that can really sway battles in a huge way.The Abbey games team is also doing one of the best jobs I've seen of offering regular updates that reinforce the diversity of options while adding content and balancing existing strategies. They added an entire new encounter with the completely free Mali DLC and just today released a modification to captain perks that were previously merely passable. Now they're interesting and powerful. They also post regularly to discussions in the steam forums.There are a few bugs that pop up with new content from time to time but they get stomped out pretty quickly and with the speed and regularity of updates I can't complain.I'll probably try and buy their previous game Reus too, just because I love this one so much.10/10 favorite game of the year."
76561198160266359,Recommended,296970,25468853,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,A_Plush_Mammoth,This is one those games which will have you suddenly realize its 5 a.m. in the morningIt has everything a good indie game should:-DLC which is worth your money-Small Price-Addictive on dangerous levelsAnd thats just only to name a fewMy only complaint is music is uninspiring and boring....
76561198020901477,Recommended,296970,25283956,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Chaco,"This game is fantastic! Great design, interesting story, and good use of strategy. I started playing this game sometime around dinner. When I looked up at the clock finally, it was 5:30 AM. 10/10"
76561197985073430,Recommended,296970,25280143,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,unhappy_meal,Definitely worth a few hours of your time :)
,Recommended,296970,25280858,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,The Crimson Chinchilla,Get it on sale.
76561198064486402,Recommended,296970,25285375,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Modnarer,"Bought this because it looked like FTL, but 19th century.Its way better, get it on sale, now. Other reviews will do it better justice.Im writing this because all the reviews will say buy it, so im summarizingBuy it."
76561197975223187,Recommended,296970,23304720,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Celador,A real little gem for those who like rouge-lite strategy. Simple but fun game play with loads of collectables that reward diverse play styles and surprising addictive replayability.
,Recommended,296970,18967790,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,moocowmoocow,"If you like FTL, this game should be instant buy. It's well polished, original, easy to pick up yet deep enough to be engrossing. This is the most fun I've had with a game in a long time."
76561198015008753,Recommended,296970,19440757,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Djorak,A really game. Short but has a lot of replayability. It has much more depth than it seems at first.
76561197960378033,Recommended,296970,19689341,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Stin,"Great fun lighthearted game.  Takes a while to get the mechanics, but its worth the investment!"
76561198111003811,Recommended,296970,19842683,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Neverwalkalone,"Great game, refreshing concept and enough content to keep you entertained for tens of hours! Also the development team seems to be planning to add even more stuff, which is always nice :)9/10"
,Recommended,296970,19863992,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,ellie,"This game is basically a combination of Civilization V and XCOM as far as gameplay goes, with rougelike gameplay added in as well. It's fairly difficult, but the combat itself is incredibly well polished and fun."
,Recommended,296970,19827552,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Saclye,"""One more expedition""  - Just me lying to myself"
76561198005651909,Recommended,296970,19856413,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,padrepride,A fantastic game oozing with character and charrm. The gameplay will appeal to fans of turn-based strategy and reward experimentation and exploration. I highly recommend this game.
76561198037101281,Recommended,296970,22968684,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,lord wolfhunt,"I highly recomend this game. Lots of enjoyable encounters and scenes. The cartoon aspect of this game is cute and I do enjoy that one can play this game in many different ways (9 for purists, more for those that like to mix it up). There are a ton of treasures to find and each have special benefits. Money, fame, and science also have their own benefits as well.This game can be pretty hard at times though. I have yet to attempt Shangri La on classic mode. Some people can figure out the game and make the best optimized crews for their own playstyle, but for people like me who enjoy selecting a crew either at random or because it would seem fun, then stick to the lower dificulties."
,Recommended,296970,23312246,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Llectow,"Absolutely incredible game, big surprise from a rather unheard of studio. Very thick mechanics and optimization while retaining every bit of enjoyability and clever writing that it can."
76561198115629176,Recommended,296970,19467524,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,jacky.adcock,A wonderfully refreshing take on permadeath exploration RPG.
76561198087153756,Recommended,296970,19609511,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,kyleasdf123,It's really good.
76561198036382774,Recommended,296970,19896619,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Seisan9,"This game is a lot of fun! Well designed rogue-like that requires a lot of strategy, luck, and quick-thinking in order to survive. Doesn't have a whole lot of maps/scenarios, but what is there provides enough challenge to last a while."
,Recommended,296970,22229405,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,davidincostamesa,
76561198021530025,Recommended,296970,22241356,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Grovmel,"I have not played this game for long, so i really should not review it. I bought this game, when i saw reviews saying this game is a ftl like. That is NOT the case. It looks like a game that can be played though, only cons in my play time, is the random\ over used music theme.Other than that, it is a thumbs up, mostly since it does not cost the world. Will give this game an hour or two more to see if it gets fun."
,Recommended,296970,23189475,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,NightHowler81,"Renowned Explorers was one of the rare games that I took a huge interest in when first seeing it and I fell in love with it when I finally got my hands on it. I absolutely and completely enjoy the concept of picking a team of explorers and going out exploring the world trying to discover as many secrets of the world as I can before the most renowned explorer award is given, trying to out due the pompous arch-rival, Matthieu Rivaleux. This game is very much like a board game in its systems, and that is a great thing. It tells you for the most part a different story each time you play given the different makeup of the team you put together and the semi-random elements of the location map.The graphics are made of the typical Abbey Games design of very colorful, playful 2D graphics. There is a lot of character put into the drawings and combat aminations. It would have been nice for the graphics to have a little more animation besides the very fun and personable nature of the animations during encounters, but that is a very small criticism to the overall package.  The graphic design is outstanding, it is clean and clear what you should be doing with all the information the game can throw at you in its tooltips as well as a very subtle color coded system based on the different moods. The music matches the game perfectly being exciting and fun.There is no voice acting which can make one feel a little lonely on these adventures, but again the rest of the game quickly makes you forget you are sitting in front of a computer. The rest of the sound effects are standard click feedback, nothing special but done well so you don’t notice them; which should be the praise for click feedback sounds.The gameplay is really what makes this game standout for me. There are two main phases of the game; The World Map is where you buy upgrades and equipment to prepare for you next adventure, and the Location Map where the other half of the game spends most of its time.The World Map gives you different locations(shops) to go around and spend your different tokens you have gained in your last adventure. You have research from your study tokens that works like a standard tech tree in most other games, giving you bonuses that lets you specialize and get more tokens and supplies so you can explore more efficiently and longer. You can also spend renown to gain tokens based on what city and character you have (I would recommend doing this first before spending any tokens but after you spend your research). You can then spend status tokens to buy helpers that will make those tokens worth a bit more. Finally, you want to spend your gold on items to improve your characters. After you finish with all of your upgrading you pick your next destination based on the one you think you can handle then rinse and repeat until hopefully you complete the four trips to complete the game or you run out of resolve and lose.The other half of the game involves going on adventures. These happen in two parts, the location map where you run into narrative effects collecting tokens, gold or taking part in encounters, where the interesting part of the game takes place. The map events are often reading the event then choosing what to do next. Most of the choices are based on what skills the event is looking for and how good a character you have is at it. The game gives you all the information you need to make a good decision including the percentage chance of success along with what you might get and what may happen if you fail. Most of the time it’s an easy choice, other times do you really want to risk a resolve on a 50% roll?The encounters take you to a strategy combat map, where you move your characters around and choose an attack for them to use on enemies. The attacks are mostly linked to one of the three different moods in the game; aggressive, devious, and friendly. There are bonuses linked to if you win the encounter by keeping the overall mood to one of these. But you also need to keep in mind that each character is good at curtain moods while being weak in others. There is also a paper, rock, scissors kind of thing going on with each character’s mood that can weaken or strengthen their play. I’m slightly mixed with this part of the game, I understand this allows the “non-combat” characters to be useful in battle and sometimes even better if going against curtain enemies. It makes sense but requires you to stop trying to make sense of a battle that is emulating diplomatic conversations; it’s the weakest of the gameplay, but it’s still good.That is the gameplay overall, it’s a great game in my opinion. It’s fast and has plenty of meaningful decisions with a good level of difficulty with the high score “good” winning condition. There are plenty of characters and enough locations and events to keep you playing for some time before it might become a bit repetitive (good thing there is an expansion in the works!).Story/Theme – For me it’s an outstanding theme with a good story that keeps me interested through multiple playthroughs.Graphics – Very attractive graphic style that is playful and sets up the rest of the game beautifully.Sound/Music – Great music, gets you in the mood, but not much else.Gameplay – Great mix of menu driven adventure with a mix of strategic battles.Pros – Theme and GraphicsCons – Battles could use a bit more workShould you buy it? – Yes, for the price you will easily get your money worth."
76561198028035172,Recommended,296970,19524384,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Knoedelmeister,very good game
76561198033834522,Recommended,296970,26341194,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,6Taylor4,"This is a combat game with a very small combat brain; its major tactic is to outnumber you. If you don't need depth, logic, or character development, go for it. If you want an intelligent, open-ended explore and learn game, keep looking."
76561198045360299,Recommended,296970,23100653,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,arconoff,Not had much time to play this but my first impressions are that this is a great game. It is so different and very playable. Would recommend very highly at this early stage.
,Recommended,296970,23133086,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Devoted2Mercury,"This game is easy to play, but difficult to master.  The RNG Gods make each play through a unique experience that forces you to adapt.  With the huge amount of difficulty scaling provided, there is something here for everyone.  Give it a go! Totally worth the asking price."
76561198272885744,Recommended,296970,23423824,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Justine,Really entertaining with great replay value!
,Recommended,296970,20200525,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Bailee,"Awesome game! Has even more of that ""one more turn"" addictive feeling than Civ 5! Great fun!"
76561197992756019,Recommended,296970,19846486,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,ForTex,"The good: Great, complex, massive with good replayability. Of course after some time tha game will have to get more content to keep players playing.The bad: Encountered too many bugs/crashes, that need to be fixed. Crash reporting is embedded, but reporting other bugs is a chore.Even though there is still some work to be done for the game, I highly recommend it."
76561198089718317,Recommended,296970,20368740,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,masterskorpz1,"Fun, Inspiring, Moving, Immmersive and Surprising. I really enjoyed this game, I will be playing it much more. Because of the random nature of the game, there is always something to find and do. I am a big fan of exploring games, I really enjoy the element of surprise. I am also very happy the Developers haven't given up on the game; as I'm looking very forward to the new Expansion. I hope they will continue to add more expansions in the future! Buy this game, you won't regret it!Graphics 10/10Sound 10/10Gameplay 10/10Replayability 10/10"
,Recommended,296970,23427598,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Soviet,"11 hours Completed Main Story Mode on the default difficulty (hard)Surprisingly fun and addictive. But it can be a bit repetative.A great family game. No scary or inappropriate things.Was a bit too easy. But then the whole idea is to push your explorers as far as you can to collect as much treasure from a map. It took the deaths of 6 parties before I understood how to maximise. The point of the game is to push and make the game harder as you go and challenge yourself and your explorers.There is some luck involved so if you hate that don't get it.Supplies is the most important currency. This buys you more time to mess around on a given map and get more treasures. Once supplies run out each step starts penalizing your party huge, til they do the final mission to exit the map and they are super gimpy and end up dead."
76561198009099472,Recommended,296970,31890574,Posted: 21 May,all,Monkey Lord,Good strategy game. I've replayed it so much.
,Recommended,296970,23529494,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Caligula,"Other than a small text glitch that happened when Jan Pier was in my party when i Used Dolores' special campfire story,its an amazing game. Especialy love the sprites."
,Recommended,296970,23317409,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,「§NG」| Crismo - [Nick],I am pleasantly surprised at how fun this game is. This is one of those games that you could get stuck for hours playing in and not even realize it.Very fun and intriguing. I'd recommend to all.
,Recommended,296970,23408818,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,mlbane,This a great little rogue-like game!
76561198007032236,Recommended,296970,23321834,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,vigilancefilms,"Deep turned based board game at its best. I was not sure what to expect, but was pleasantly surprised. I can not believe it is sooooo cheap! Highly recommend to all Turn Based Game fans."
,Recommended,296970,23353583,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,MrWolf710,Wow!  What a fun little game!  Once I figured out how to actually win battles I was totally hooked.  Kind of a rogue like with a very original theme.  It's very cool and definitely worth the price.
76561198001221863,Recommended,296970,23472504,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Okamikazi,"Want a fresh, funny, charming, cohesive, smart game with mechanics that no one else in the gaming industry has done? that can be played on the toastiest of computers and has impressed the♥♥♥♥♥♥out game critic youtuber TotalBiscuit?https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EXCleyTTShYRenowned Explorers is a masterpiece. Buy it!Tips for new players:* Build your team and strategy around the team leader's perk.* Mastering the mood bar at the top of the screen is a good first step in learning how to fight.* Choose the paths with the most branches as it reveals more options."
76561198055071827,Recommended,296970,23447371,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,go2four,Great game
76561198066292330,Recommended,296970,25396157,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Dr Kappa,"Punch a nun in the face, dominate the sheep through insults or just be friends with a tyranic emperor....It's all up to you."
76561198047987553,Recommended,296970,18638104,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Black Roger,"Great game, I heartly recommend.Basically, it's like FTL - an exploration game on proceduraly generated maps, where you collect stuff, improve your stats and try not to get wiped.Only compared to FTL, this game has better graphics, funny animations, more collectables, actual character customization, stuff to do in-between maps, and a combat system that requires you to use your head a little.A good adition to any collectionI can see it getting repetitive eventually, but hopefully the developers will keep the game interesting with additional contents in time."
,Recommended,296970,20381045,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,[LST] Fighter5810,Really nice game. Has some elements from games like FTL but has its own charm and little details that really make this an awesome game
,Recommended,296970,25272320,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,wigshaker,"This game is such a joy, and one of the most novel gaming experiences I've had.  Are you sick of games that only ever involve killing everything?  This is such a refreshing exception to the mass of brain-dead anxiety-inducing killing sprees that pass for games right now.  Renowned Explorers is the antidote to what ails ya.That Indie feel, with that AAA polish.  Multiple ways to win in most situations.  Truly funny, in a charmingly modest way.  Great balanced gameplay with strategy and room for creativity.  However, this little game is no pushover; you'll need to pay attention, think, and learn, in order to succeed.  That said, I've played it through at least ten times, and haven't won yet.Please support this developer for having significantly raised the bar.  Kudos, Abbey Games!!!"
76561198027711863,Recommended,296970,25296721,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,AgitProp,"Got to love the realism, came to a friendly resolution with highlanders and rural hungarians."
,Recommended,296970,30183829,Posted: 25 February,all,Anlesh,An amazing tactical game that will you keep you entertained for a good few hours. This game has a lot of secrets as the game suggest and it's fun to unlock new things. Definitely recommend it. (I got it on sale)
76561198077622398,Recommended,296970,22248070,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Sohamkar,It is a great game. Totally enjoyable while playing yet in subtle RPG and strategy elements.
,Recommended,296970,26526417,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Crys3125,"Quite a fun game. My nephew (12) particularly enjoyed it. I love the concept and the writing, but the technology falls through a bit. It felt like playing something made in the era of Grim Fandango rather than a modern game. There were bugs, small things. Overall well worth the occasional annoyance, however."
76561198170633027,Recommended,296970,31753166,Posted: 14 May,all,The sentient fedora,"An ultra complicated game of rock, paper, scissors.Being a sociopathic♥♥♥♥♥♥beats punching someone straight in the ♥♥♥♥ing jaw, which beats being a nice person, which beats being a sociopathic♥♥♥♥♥♥Has some nice strategic elements and adventuring around the different expedition sites ranges from fun to tedious depending on which stage your in.For instance the hungarian fort is a ♥♥♥♥ing nightmare but the Scottish Highlands are so ♥♥♥♥ing fun to explore.Non expedition gamplay is Meh.I really enjoyed this game and will be playing more of it. 9/10"
,Recommended,296970,32976706,Posted: 28 June,all,Fugitive Unknown,"The cutsy cartoonish graphics are amusing, and the game doesn't take itself seriously enough to raise any of the ugly quetsions this sort of genre might normally garner (colonialism ho!)But what I really love about this game is the surprisingly large number of ways you can break the game by taking advantage of the various powers, story cards, the six zillion upgrades, and the fairly in-depth combat system.I partiuclarly enjoy that verbal combat is not only just as effectve but actually complements physical attacks. The various challenges, the large variety of characters with unique abilities, the various paths you can go on the islands lead to a very interesting style of game play that had me playing this game far more times than I expected to.It's certainly worth a try!"
,Recommended,296970,18852477,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,John Keats,"Renowned Explorers, would I were as jolly as thou art,Yet another playthrough's brought me great delightAnd replayed, with new runs yet to start,Like FTL, played sleepless into-the-night,The turn-based battles with their joyous art,Of peace or violence telling round those textured shores,Or gazing on the varied level-up chartOf characters set-up for laughs or wars--No--yet one more loss, still unbeatable,Battered upon my rival's frightening zest,To hate forever that smug prick Rivelaux,And look wherever for more treasure chests,Still, still, to find more places to peruse,And play forever--or else until I lose."
,Not Recommended,296970,20129024,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,schwal,"To be clear, this is not a bad game. It has many novel and interesting systems well covered elsewhere, most of which work quite well. However it has one gaping flaw:The hex based tactical engine simply doesn't work with the other systems.You control three units. Maps are relatively open. Many attacks are ranged and characters of any side don't block line of sight. It is therefor impossible to reliably protect someone from getting hit. You lose the game by losing all your resolve points, and you lose one resolve every time someone is incapacitated in the tactical map. Thus bringing anyone who can't survive reasonably on the tactical map is a recipe for failure.Apart from the occasional area that heals anyone on it at the start of their turn, terrain is either passable, impassable and blocks LOS, or impassable and doesn't.All of this combined means that save the rare AOE ability, positioning barely matters. So why have it?A Radical FixScrap the hexes and simply have lines of units on each side of the screen like the old Final Fantasy games. You can still play with AOE effects, all the other systems remain in place, the only thing you lose is range. and tedium.The RestI have some other minor quibbles but they're all picking nits. It's a charming presentation, the exploration is good, the between expedition stuff is okay but nothing special. I really want to like this game. But the tactical side is tedius, about 40 percent of the gameplay time, and where you always lose. I hold out no hope it will be changed, and unless it is I can't recommend this game."
,Recommended,296970,31691644,Posted: 11 May,all,Hamid al-aSak,Very nice roguelike.
76561198000530612,Recommended,296970,31884899,Posted: 21 May,all,Rastafas,"How did I ignore this game for so long?  It is one of the best ""rock, paper, scissors"" strategy games I've ever played.  It is certainly one of the most fun strategy games I've ever played.The goal of the game is simplicty itself.  Explore different locales to gain renown and become the most renowned explorer.  You gain renown from treasures you find.  You also gain renown from choices you make on a research tree as well as from helpers and associates you hire.  The associates mostly just amplify the choices you make in the research tree.  I'm not explaining this very well, but it is super fun.The game has a ton of replayability.  There are so many combinations of explorers and each group you pick plays differently.  You get to buy items for your explorers, and the small inventory space makes for some tough decisions on how to equip them.  Items can boost attack, defense, amplify certain skills and even add additional skills to an explorer. It's a cool system and adds a lot to the game.Even when you can beat the game every time every time with your favorite crew, it will take a lot of play until you can beat every time with a random crew.Three thumbs up, good value and a ton of fun.  Check it out the next time it goes on sale."
76561198014666590,Recommended,296970,18661626,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Warstrich,"Finally, a game where I can put my sword away and sweet talk an ancient egyptian mummy into letting me pass.Seriously, this game may seem way too intricate at first, but one game will teach you everything you need to know and from then on you'll want to keep coming back."
76561197995749544,Recommended,296970,23480108,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,rehab,Please don't buy this for anyone who struggles with addiction
76561198189483795,Recommended,296970,21874783,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,jonlseal,"Fun, easy to learn, and replayable."
,Recommended,296970,21739627,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Brezals,"I defeated a god, and then got chased away by nuns. 10/10"
,Recommended,296970,22181560,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,crono,"This is a good game, you guys. If you've ever wanted to win over a monkey with flattery or shoot a nun, you need this game."
,Recommended,296970,23932875,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,cmr,"This is one of the best designed strategy/roguelite games I'veeverplayed, and I look forward to many long sessions with it!"
,Recommended,296970,24037903,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Neosamurai,"In the span of one game, I shamed a ghost into nonexistance, punched a vampire in the face and became the cult leader of a huge band of sheep.10/10 would become sheep jesus again."
76561198024872568,Recommended,296970,24030441,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,daigotsumax,"What a gem of a game, with clever systems, lovable settings and a true roleplay feel. From what I can see new content keeps showing up, and I hope they keep adding to it in months to come!"
76561197983522478,Recommended,296970,24045701,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,ibmurai,"This game as awesome!The mechanics are so varied and exploring is not just about the expeditons (which are awesome and have lots of replayability!) but also about trying out the near infinite number of builds and strategies for completing the game.My only gripe is that you CAN play in non ""iron man"" mode... And I accidentally did the first time I completed the game :DDo not be decieved by the cute graphics! This game is tough in an awesome way, where every time you lose, you will know exactly what you did wrong."
76561198031012424,Recommended,296970,23834124,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Nystagmia,"First impressions: RE:IS is a great game. I love the refreshing ""combat"" mechanics; the ability to sway a group of voodoo monkeys over to your side of the discussion is as ludicrous as it is fun.As a fan of turn based strategy game, this is a welcome addition to my library.Hoping for more future DLC and workshop support!8/10. Will search for treasure again."
76561198030730971,Recommended,296970,20771958,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,First Dr Otter Von Otterstien,An amazing game that never gets boring to me.
,Recommended,296970,22139008,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Hidden Inside,"Charming game full of wonder and adventure. Fun, challenging, artistic. There are balancing issues and ability mismatches here and there (like having option to learn a stat you already know at lvl 1, wrong damage calculations etc) but they can be overlooked.If you want to go on a wanderlust fueled adventure, try this game!9/10"
76561198083746631,Recommended,296970,18853826,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Asalieri,"This game is phenomenally addictive. It's got a unique combat system what will make you want to try all sorts of different explorer combos so you can tackle the situations differently everytime. And since the maps randomly generate, no two expeditions will be the same.Really my only complaint is that you only get to go on 5 expeditions per game. I wish it were longer and had more characters. Other than that? I am loving the hell out of it! If you like tactical rpg's, this one will be right up your alley.I cannot sing this game's praises enough. What are you waiting for? GO BUY IT."
76561197963889594,Recommended,296970,17863307,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Mercian Druglord,One day I will beat that French clown.
,Not Recommended,296970,25268865,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,madSimon,"Interesting premise similar to FTL, but with explorers. Unfortunately, the combat is incredibly slow and tedious. It's really missing the strategy and tactics to make the fights worth slogging through.The game just isn't entertaining enough for me to keep playing expeditions over and over hoping for something interesting."
,Recommended,296970,24795879,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,metadata3388,"Totally what i'm hoped game like this!This game need more strategy that u thought.also there's more challenge if u more plays.Pros :+ make me spend more time to play this+ need strategy even on normal difficulty+ i really like this game+ more challenges ready if u more playsCons :- repeating game make it boring- some plays make it too hard itself- i just hope more characters, more maps, more difficulty spread. (DLC might slove this)"
76561198053215698,Recommended,296970,25955726,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Lauleyhn,"You can make friends, humiliate them and punch them in the face all in one turn.10/10"
76561198041995956,Recommended,296970,18852499,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,bahamut66,"My frustration with, and the subsequent hazing by the Steam Community over, FTL has been well documented.  The game was solid, but far too random, frustrating, and unrewarding an experience for me to recommend.Renowned Explorers is, in my opinion, FTL done right.  Instead of space, you are in the age of exploration with a crew of allies looking for treasure all around the world, so if that setting doesn't do it for you, I don't blame you for giving the game a pass, but everything else is great.  It's a turn based tactical combat game focusing on using both strength and speech to win the day, with the option to hit, insult, or chat with enemies to win them over to your side, each with benefits and drawbacks.  Say, you meet a nasty pirate captain.  Maybe, after you talk nice to him and win him over, he decides to go with you as a lobbyist, to bolster your rep...or maybe you pound him into the dirt and turn him in for an extra bounty...different solutions lead to different outcomes here.Alongside the interesting combat mechanics, the game uses a spinner to determine success in many randomly generated actions, such as studying plants, climbing perilous cliffs, searching for treasure, dashing out of a collapsing tomb, etc. and this spinner uses your inherent % for success to give you a visual representation for these challenges, which is much more satisfying than a basic pass/fail.You begin the game choosing a team of 3 explorers out of a total of 20, with one captain and two subordinates.  The captain perks and the synergy with certain people allow for some really interesting ways to play and combinations and this is aided further by a robust upgrade system which gives bonuses for research, which can affect all or some of your crew.Overall, what I love most about this game though is how approachable it is.  FTL has a cripplingly high difficulty at times, making it easy for anyone to give up on it in frustration.  Explorers though, has multiple difficulty settings, each scaling well and allowing you to cater your experience, along with two modes, one which lets you retry encounters you fail and another which ends your game, allowing for another layer of challenge.  I feel in control when I play.  And while I haven't been Classic difficulty, which is on par with FTL, normal has been very good to me.  This is a game which, when jacked up in challenge, will make hardcore min maxers cry, but when played on easy or normal is easily approachable by kids or families.  It's a game which I think suits all ages, especially with the charming art style.Explorers is, in my opinion, a great game.  It's fun and approachable, has a lot of variety, and there's many teams to try out and treasures to collect, with the devs adding new, free expeditions to go through all the time.  This game rocks.  Give it a look."
76561197970766889,Recommended,296970,22988096,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Radlab,Provides ample replayability while maintaining a modest price-point.  Entertaining and engaging.  Great game!
,Recommended,296970,23354800,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,galactic emperor gerald,in one leveli talked to some cult membersfended off some wolvesand told the devil a joke10/10 game
76561198007959535,Recommended,296970,18919415,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Hundahlah,This is the best game I have played in a while.Great content with great replay-valueI highly recommend it.
76561198036338164,Recommended,296970,19213137,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Grand Wizard,"Excellent. Bought this game on a whim because it looked like it could be a good distraction for an afternoon, little did I know I was purchasing one of the best budget game buys ever. Almost 30 hours later I still love this game and it's become my go to for when I have a few hours to kill.TLDR: If it looks even remotely interesting to you buy it, you wont be dissapointed."
,Recommended,296970,18784733,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,dare0021,"If you played FTL, you might recall bashing your head against the flagship repeatedlyWelcome back, CaptainThat said, unlike FTL, the game allows you to ""clear"" the game without beating the flagship Shangri-La level. Just to nit pick."
76561198007293918,Recommended,296970,19122362,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Nanoscope,"Amazingly fun and depth filled adventure.I originally decided to buy this game after Total Biscuit had a review of it on his channel, and said that it was as good if not better than FTL. Since I loved FTL, I figured this game would be right up my alley and with a great pricepoint of only 20 bucks I couldn't refuse even though I almost never buy games at full price anymore. Well after 30 some hours of entertainment I have to agree with TB that this is a really great game with an amazing amount of combat depth. The wheel is probably my favorite part and makes the skill checks some of the most interesting and tense parts of the game. All in all great indie title that deserves to be played by many more people."
,Recommended,296970,17869577,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Kus,"If this game was a tribute to the first Pirates! by Sid Meier, it would do a great job.Renowned Explorers brings you to the world of 19th century expeditions, and managing a three man (or woman) crew from the Highlands of Scotland to Shangri-La, by meeting locals, subduing evil spirits and beating the crap out of friendly sheep. I know, right? The moduled scenario is cool to.The skill set of your explorers combines nicely with a great research system, perks, attributes, you name it - it's there somewhere. It's a great quit-and-retry (or more fail and try to decipher) casual game.The cartoony graphics are neat, the music score and effects aren't very noticeable but fit in well, a few things here and there are a bit unpolished but I would recommend it, especially for those who enjoyed Reus as much as I did (although this has not much to do with it).Worth it."
76561197962192419,Recommended,296970,18433108,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Jeembo,Enjoyable
,Recommended,296970,18957174,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,pepso,"There is really nothing bad to say about this game if you like roguelikes / board games / funny and inventive games / both.The game is like a love child between FTL and Arkham Horror minus the horror. There is resource management, nodes to travel from and to, random events, random chance to succeed, skill trees to research, characters to level up...And honestly, what game will let you win a fight by befriending, seducing, annoying, confusing, beating, enraging, saddening or charming an enemy?Plus, the whole art style is top - notch. I get sick of pixel art roguelikes.Oh I almost forgot: the amount of support and attention the devs are giving this game is absolutely phenomenal.THIS IS A GAME FULL WORTH ITS PRICE.DON'T BE STUPID AND BUY IT."
76561198004698582,Recommended,296970,18971856,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Angmar,"This game is amazing - innovative, simple to play, difficult to master, has great replay-ability."
,Recommended,296970,17900893,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,-W3E- Bipolar Bear,The nuns...They never stop coming...Help...
,Recommended,296970,18765520,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,MrIncredible,"Great game for people who like adventure/choice games. There's no real-time action component, which for me is a bonus."
,Recommended,296970,18707832,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,𝖌𝖎𝖚𝖘𝖊𝖕𝖕𝖊,"I love this game. And I tell you what, I didn't think I was. In fact, I wanted to hate it so badly...It's amazing. Buy it"
,Recommended,296970,18434205,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Crimson King,I punched a nun and befriended some monkeys.10/10 would explore again.
76561198089893583,Recommended,296970,23384578,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,A Bear,I give this game two paws up.
76561198122378454,Recommended,296970,25277919,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Lord Edward Dunmay,Assembled my multi-national expedtion.Flew to Mali.Got laughed off by Hyenas....Tried remembering the tutorial.Thought I could but I couldn't..Got beaten by old women in Hungary.7 / 10Already mounting my next expedition
,Recommended,296970,23483212,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,jedsTNT,"Do you know about that game that you didn't know you need, until you find it and then you realize that it is everything you ever wanted? This is exactly one of those games."
,Recommended,296970,23513377,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,The Master Hobo,"Lost my first run to sheep who talked to me and convinced me that they were better.10/10, would fear the might of sheep again"
,Recommended,296970,17928077,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Dewatchenpo,"A blast so far, very nice stuff there me dear monks."
,Recommended,296970,18020800,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Goldseeker,Great game
76561198128354143,Recommended,296970,17896995,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Nerd Rage,Yes. Just buy it.
76561198100178979,Recommended,296970,17893312,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,haim.sazan,"Another Great game fro ""Abbey Games""!"
,Recommended,296970,17946518,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,CaiusCaligula,A fun pulp game with a lot of replayability.
,Recommended,296970,21803670,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Joyless Prole,It's good.
76561198006756264,Recommended,296970,30074487,Posted: 21 February,all,Edgewalker,Charming and fun
76561198035692107,Recommended,296970,17871206,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,jmlandon,"I have a hard time justifying recommending this game, but I have spent only a handful of hours with it, so I assume that once you develop some strategies, it gets easier. And I have had tremendous fun with it. I have only played in the brutal ""no reload"" difficulty, and I have refused to reload, despite dying nearly constantly with every step up in difficulty. I can now succeed three star missions roughly 1/2 the time, and I have yet to succeed at the most difficult of the missions. As a result, my highest ranking after the missions so far is 3rd.Some players complain about the fact that enemy reinforcements ""appear randomly"", and that does make the game more difficult, but if you have played some seriously difficult tactical RPGs, this is nothing new to you. If you haven't, then you can count this among the difficult tactical RPGs. If there's a way to avoid a fight, even if it's just a 5% chance, you take it, because fighting is hard in almost all cases.The best part of the game is assembling your team. You start with four possible Captains, and by recruiting other folks onto your team, you can unlock them as possible Captains, assuming you can make it past two missions alive. (The tutorial mission counts.) Speaking of the tutorial, this is a big negative for me. The game has no manual, and the tutorial is very incomplete. You can read up more on how things work as you go, but you'll be assembling your first team of explorers with absolutely no clue as to what anything writen means. If you play on the ironman difficulty, you will almost certainly lose on your first REAL mission, and winning the game will be nigh-on impossible.That said, a full session takes maybe two hours, and the game is terribly fun. And it does get easier as you start to understand it."
,Recommended,296970,17912166,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,monosaccharid,very cool
,Recommended,296970,17935052,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Offset,"This game is a lot of fun. The party building is varied enough that you can replay multiple times without it feeling old, the resources feel scarce enough that your purchases matter, and the combat is tactical but not impossible. My only complaint is that the game freezes my computer every once and a while. As of this writing I've played about 7.5 hours and the game has frozen 4 or 5 times."
,Recommended,296970,25285382,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,RaLoS13,ชอบที่เกมสุ่มเหตุการณ์หรือเนื้อเรื่องในเชิงลึกระดับเดียวกับ Darkest Dungeon เลย
76561197981314141,Recommended,296970,18797107,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Cheesehorse,"It's a tactical adventure boardgame cartoon where you can humiliate sheep, befriend monkeys, and steal from pirates."
,Recommended,296970,18811527,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Kurogami,Excellent game.
76561198036965963,Recommended,296970,18817302,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,marrgd,"I can't stop playing.  It's becoming a real issue in my personal and professional life.If you like games that mix elements of exploration (think FTL), customization and upgrading similar to a simple, yet effective RPG, randomized with enough difficulty to keep you entertained and coming back for more.  Then this very specific set of items makes this a perfect game for you."
76561198025009476,Recommended,296970,18819793,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Hellsremorse,Awesome game!
76561197991413819,Recommended,296970,18839202,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,There's my chippy,"Unique little FTL-ish roguelike. Very innovative and full of bright, cartoonish character, but not exactly full of endless replayability. Fun anyway, for the few days it might last. A good one to pick up on sale."
76561198028060174,Recommended,296970,19006195,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,robot.,Superb.
,Recommended,296970,19035389,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,francis.ledoux89,Jezzz this game is good!Played at least 20 games and i am still enjoying them and get supprised by itMust have
76561197993788531,Recommended,296970,19122257,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Malborshia,"innovative combat, well thought out design... will do better review as I delve in"
76561197969543205,Recommended,296970,19204497,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Noruas,fun and addictive (in the same way civilization is) game.
,Recommended,296970,19254802,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,sirvaulterscoff,"This game is awesome. Though it may seem easy from the start it will show its true nature a few moments later. Easy to learn, hard to master is totaly about this game.Beutiful art and music adds to the value.My most favorite game among recent ones"
76561198242843206,Recommended,296970,18659747,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Hazkil,This game is Awesome and i made it. i recommdend this game its worth the money
76561198120134131,Recommended,296970,18670221,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Havelock,"Yet another person convinced of your awesomeness.... LogicalPerfect game for Saturday after a very, very trying week at work. Will make you a bit happy"
,Recommended,296970,18671254,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Its Pixie !,"for almost 2 years now i have been struggling to enjoy games, i thought, maybe that point in my life was beginning to endbut this game.....this game seriously gives me hope, i love it, simple, yet full of depthim struggling to leave my chair, i just want to keep playinggreat studio, amazing game,and TONS OF TREAAAASURRRRE"
,Recommended,296970,18671391,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,swozey,"This game is an absolute blast. If you enjoy casual strategy games, like managing a team with different skillsets, managing their supplies (in a simple manner, there's no oxen to feed or anything) then you'll love it. I bought it on a whim and played it for a couple of hours straight. I'd play more but it's bed time."
76561198006526927,Recommended,296970,18673613,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,eirishluck,"Quirky, Fun, and Awesome!"
76561197973715092,Recommended,296970,18679701,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Grunthex,"What an overwhelmingly fun game!  The graphics are charming, the gameplay is challenging, but never obscure, the humor is top notch, I'm not sure I have anything negative to say about it.  The combinations of characters let you play it your way, or go something different for a challenge.  They give out free DLC.  They're patching every two weeks.Seriously, if you like adventure/soft RPG type games, and don't mind the randomness of a rogue like, this might be one of the best of it's kind ever.  Get it."
76561198026931900,Recommended,296970,18684324,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,arcaneirishholm,A delightful roguelite with a charming approach to the genre. Lots of depth and variation. Highly replayable.
,Recommended,296970,18685595,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,ThrashingLikeAManiac,Hidden gem!
,Recommended,296970,18685999,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,HMAKK,You can charm Sheep an Evil God and nuns with shotguns.Need I say more
76561197993073339,Recommended,296970,18687068,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Senn416,A boardgame experience of a rogue-like choose-your-own-adventure story with a civilization-style playstyle upgrade tree and combat that scratches that final fantasy tactics itch.  Very cool game.
,Recommended,296970,18687637,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Ryumanjisen,"This is easily one of the best games I've played this year, and a splendid mix of strategy and roguelike.Buy it if you like rpg's, strategy games, indiana jones movies, the age of exploration... hell, buy this game if you like games, period."
76561198056717573,Recommended,296970,18690158,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,jason.william8,It's charming!
76561198037284047,Recommended,296970,18690775,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,MotokoV2,"should be studying... but found relaxing, comical yet.. sort of challenging game.Definetly worth the money and time!"
,Recommended,296970,18692096,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,warden,"Very enjoyable so far.  Similar to FTL, only a little more accessible and varied.  I can't make sense of the combat, but it doesn't stop it from being fun, and interesting.  There's a lot of little stories and events that make exploration and replay fun."
,Recommended,296970,18694233,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Kronos,"Exceptional game, if you like games like FTL or other roguelites then this one is definitely for you! Love the fantasy setting as well!"
76561198068993112,Recommended,296970,18726608,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Icecream,Very very fun game! (TB lead me here btw.)
,Recommended,296970,18728892,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Thunderer,Excellent turn based combat with just enough rogue-lite exploration to keep you coming back. My only gripes are minor and UI based. Better than FTL from which it takes some basic ideas.
,Recommended,296970,18731221,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,ada,"A fun and engaging game that's enjoyable to pick up quickly, but has many more layers of depth to be optimized than is initially obvious. At the same time, nicely balanced so there is no ""perfect"" or ""best"" approach, but a series of costs and payoffs.Lots of fun! Fun and enjoyable stylized graphics and characters with unique actions/flavortext or unique reactions based on party makeup and the exploration you do very nice for storytelling, too!"
76561198042672652,Recommended,296970,18751577,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Lilliana Faérwind,A Brilliant Turn-Based Rouge Like game that has a strong feeling of FTL without the sci-fi theme.
,Recommended,296970,18755013,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,SkywalterDBZ,👍
,Recommended,296970,18761152,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,THAT'S JUST A BIG COW,A good exploration game.
,Recommended,296970,18782007,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,walrus helmet,"Great aesthetics, fun gameplay. Feels like FTL meets Carmen San Diego.There are three levels of strategy to this game -World - deciding what to invest your resources into improvingExpedition - choosing which encounters / events to activate, and which route to take before running out of suppliesEncounter - ordering your three explorers around to defeat enemies.The encounter turn based strategy game is the weakest part, and unfortunately is also the largest part of the game. Encounters are either trivially easy or punishingly hard. The best ""strategy"" i've found is trapping enemies with no ranged attack behind a ""chokepoint"" that they could walk around in 2 turns if the AI wasn't so bad. Otherwise the strategy is to burn down the boss before the minions can kill you too many times.Overall this game is pretty good and well polished, especially considering the price point. I just wish they would balance the encounters so they're not so hit or miss."
76561198057356108,Recommended,296970,18583662,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,hoptrough67,"Fantastic multiple-run based game. Plenty of variety, a neat buff-debuff based combat design, quirky dialougue. A solid recomendation."
76561198031713767,Recommended,296970,18634293,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,msl5black,Fresh of breath air.  Unique strategy game with plenty of replay value with its big selection of characters.
76561197995595985,Recommended,296970,18647272,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Lestaki,Beneath the awkward graphics lies a surprisingly tactical roguelike. Every action matters and a great tension is created between playing optimally to clear the encounters and maps safely and playing greedily to maximise your resource gain. Sequencing your abilities in combat is crucial and any sloppy mistakes are punished hard. I've been having a blast playing it and recommend it to anyone interested in tactical combat or choose your own adventure style games.
76561198099273401,Recommended,296970,18658580,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Bencorgi,very good
76561197982815216,Recommended,296970,18852873,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Fe,"I give this game 9/10Pro- pick hot chick characters and play them as Indiana Jones- fun & complex game play- game looks relaxing but you will get more serious after you fail for many times- 20 characters with some perk and items customizationCon- only 2-3 female characters look attractive- male characters look boring, no badass male with tattoos or evil-looking one- music sound like it come from boring movies- combat could be more complex, I already give some suggestion in this linkhttp://steamcommunity.com/app/296970/discussions/0/490124466474031713/#c490124466476689958overall, RE:IS worth all your money and it could be a bigger game if more people buy it"
76561198020938823,Recommended,296970,18723935,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Xyphieness,Make fun of sheep.  Avoid hugs from friendly mummies.  Make nuns feel bad. 10/10.
,Recommended,296970,19372240,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,onejondo,"I liked this game, but feel the encounters are lacking something.Also I died a bunch on easy, so that sucks."
76561198000219116,Recommended,296970,25271382,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,SS_Playaaa,Not my usual kind of game but I fell into it quickly. Very fun addicting gameplay.
76561198002209342,Recommended,296970,23853616,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Creshxtreme,Because its interesting!
76561197998421136,Recommended,296970,24109199,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,spissvinkel,Fun game with decent replayability.
76561198014765526,Recommended,296970,18752964,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Jolten Joetaco,"Great Game with an awesome artstyle, really good depth, and a lot of  replayability. I hope more positive reviews for this helps bring it the attention it deserves. If you haven't seen TotalBiscuit's review, you should. In fact, I know you haven't because if you had seen it you would already be buying this overlooked gem."
,Recommended,296970,23396286,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Flameforge,"Really good fun! The mechanics are complex and interesting, the presentation is slick, the scenarios are engaging and humorous. My first playthrough did not succeed but I can see there is a lot to learn and unlocks to tweak to be the Most Renowned Explorer!"
76561198259503133,Recommended,296970,29011731,Posted: 4 January,all,moo,It's cute and funny but gets boring quickly.  I did enjoy playing it for a bit but I don't think it has a lot of replayability.  Get it on discount and enjoy a couple of hours of fun.
,Recommended,296970,25284930,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,MNGwinn,"A delightful roguelike where you can say rude things to bears, flirt with pirates and lecture at colleges."
76561198128446233,Recommended,296970,25282952,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,abencze987,"Seeing as how the game is currently on sale, I thought I should recommend it for anyone who's on the fence.  This is one of those games that you start playing and then suddenly realize it's 4am. Worth paying full price for, but on sale it's a no-brainer."
76561197994245415,Recommended,296970,25288108,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,dranders,"I absolutely LOVE this game. EVERY time you play it's a different experience, and I love all of the different characters you can choose for your party. I find that the difficulty can be pretty hard if you go for the high-star expeditions, so whether you want a ""casual"" game or a hard-core game is really up to you. I highly recommend this game and I do hope they come out with even more DLC content...I'd buy every piece of it! =D Love the graphics, love the re-playability, love the concept and theme, love everything about it!"
76561198061754726,Recommended,296970,34081805,Posted: 7 August,all,viccatrix,I found the easter bunny and kicked his a**! 10/10
,Recommended,296970,23341214,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Sandee,"Surprisingly good little game that ended up not being as simplistic as I was expecting... replayable, but the campaign is too short imo."
76561198069160630,Recommended,296970,25596334,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Wildfire,Fun little time waster. Interseting game with fun adventures.
,Recommended,296970,25273642,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Harnoth,"An interesting stratergy game with a huge cast of characters, random layout and events that gives the game huge replayability."
,Recommended,296970,25593734,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Demon,"Really fun and simple tabletop style game! Easy to learn, but hard to master?"
,Recommended,296970,26109396,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,NNLocke,Easily one of the best games I've purchased on Steam. I would highly recommend this game especially for the price.
76561198142330073,Recommended,296970,24645124,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,El_Caleuche,"This game is a complete and absolute gem, combining genres of games that I love: turn-based tactical strategy, exploration, visual novels and slot machines. A large number of stories to discover, great replay value and a constant challenge to discover new strategies. Be warned, if you do not like games with random number generators should think twice before buying this game"
76561198015250400,Recommended,296970,29601214,Posted: 31 January,all,Salmon Summoner,This game is dope. Strongly recommend.
76561197988147986,Recommended,296970,27596136,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,defGaime,"Great lil' tactics game with TONS of team combinations, a world map to explore, and loads of quirky humor. Highly recommend the DLC ""More To Explore""--it adds an extra layer to the game, unlocking cards with benefits, along with the new campfire mechanic. The cards also unlock mini-story missions for each explorer, where you learn some backstory and build relationships (even a possible romance!) between members of the team.Big plus: The devs are pretty active and continue to update the game. There are also community challenges, encouraging players to try certain combinations and tell their own lil' adventure."
,Recommended,296970,29598865,Posted: 30 January,all,Shakow,Fun and easy to playVery good game
,Recommended,296970,25292181,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Jedzenie,"Light hearted, tongue-in-cheek game that still gives the sense of exploration and excitement you'd expect. There are a ton of interlocking systems at play here, but they mostly work, even if the devs could arguably have achieved the same outcome with less...fiddly-ness. Regardless the game is fun and captivating. Average run time is 3-4 hours so much longer than a traditional roguelike, but this allows you to really get invested into your crew. Once you're experienced, and with fast combat animations, you can get this down to 1-2 hours. Combat is enjoyable and tactical like you'd expect. Huge cast of unique characters. You'll want to keep on playin'!"
76561198016663970,Recommended,296970,28115522,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Arcturus Asriv,"Great adventure/puzzle game wiith lots of variation.There are so many options in the game, with equipment, weapons, armor, followers... several research trees... multiple skill trees...Balanced with randomized locations, adventure boosts (you get to pick one out of a random selection per trip via 'campfire stories')... and encounters that have more than one route where you can choose a path that has better chances or higher rewards.And frequent long lasting effects on your crew that either make things easier or harder for the rest of your expedition.The treasure collecting and captain unlocking extends replayability.A keeper."
,Recommended,296970,31822978,Posted: 18 May,all,kirin1195,"Overall a good rouge like, with regular DLC to keep it fresh. The RNG can be a right♥♥♥♥♥♥and all but isnt that why we play games like this? The charecters are all likable sterotypes and the rock paper scissors combat means you need to actually plan each move based on its type. God forbid you end your turn on the -30 defence unless you want to watch your guys get whacked. ect10/10"
76561197993147976,Recommended,296970,32980411,Posted: 29 June,all,Partof,I had to uninstall this game because of the huge amount of time I spent on it.
76561198108507092,Recommended,296970,23811890,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Doc Ran,very well designed game ! Very Solid
,Recommended,296970,24036833,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,[GWJ]duckilama,This is quite a little gem.
76561198015284294,Recommended,296970,22992377,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,WanderingTurtle,"Extremely fun game to play. It's pretty short, but has a high replay value."
,Recommended,296970,19827144,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Fr*cken P*nis,SED U  C E WOLF INTO WORLD P e acE?!
76561198016565158,Recommended,296970,30053720,Posted: 20 February,all,vamoosen,"I play this game when I cannot be bother reading one of my little brothers ""choose your own adventure"" books"
76561198040333156,Recommended,296970,30047863,Posted: 19 February,all,WTF IS THIS?,great casual entertainment
,Recommended,296970,18857600,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Rjh202,more addictive  than chocolate
,Recommended,296970,31152082,Posted: 15 April,all,GabtridSavior,"Love it! If you like min/max playstyle, and roguelike adventures give it a shot."
76561198067729367,Recommended,296970,31167774,Posted: 15 April,all,Dugan,This game is amazing. Tons of replay value. Lots of cool characters. Fun artwork and great dialogue.
,Recommended,296970,23313371,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Averagedog,"Long Story Short, I am terrible at this game.  The Mood System is a fair bit deeper than the typical rock paper scissors you see in games like fire emblem. The Mood System is Hate, the Mood System is Life. The Mood System will rekt you again and again until your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ is so big and used to the ramming it gets that you will learn how to use the reaming to your own advantage.But even then, getting rich, famous, and well known in this game is no walk in the park oh no. I have never completed a game, or rather, 5 expeditions in a row. I simply suck too much. You Will Too. Get used to it, Don't be fooled by the colorful aesthetic of this game. It. Will. !@#$. You. Up. While entertaining you with innocent little stories at the same time."
76561198006769825,Recommended,296970,18839549,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Hidden Symmetry,"Definitely a game to watch/try out! It's a great fresh take on the Roguelike games like TFL with mechanics that are quite unique :)It takes a little while until you know what all stats do and how you can turn battles in your favor, but the learning-process is a lot of fun!"
,Recommended,296970,18999769,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Rakuso,This game is awesome!Fighting sheeps by telling them that they smell like fish and it works!
,Recommended,296970,18783147,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,lord_andy_pandy,"Brilliant game, very fun, lots of different stories and adventures"
76561198051707296,Recommended,296970,18851427,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Skull,"Awesome game. No words, just buy it"
76561198013027885,Recommended,296970,19795187,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,JayPi,This game is amazing!
,Recommended,296970,23395217,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Demon,This game is pretty much amazing.
,Recommended,296970,18700411,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,QuinZ33,"This is a fun little strategy game. There are a few minor changes I would like to see, but I easily got my money's worth out of it, and they've already released free DLC for it.If you liked FTL, you should like this."
76561198024975130,Recommended,296970,31837279,Posted: 19 May,all,Cartoon Head,A good game. I recommend.  Want a full review? goto PCgamer or Rockpapershotgun.  This is a simple recomendation not a review.
,Recommended,296970,25304359,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,generalzee,"The first playthrough I was worried that there just wasn't enough in the game to keep me hooked, but boy was I ever wrong.This roguelike adventure game is both well-stylized and well-thought-out hiding a clever depth behind a very simple interface. At first a lot of events in the game seem to be very random, but after a few playthoughs you can really start optimizing strategies that feel really satisfying when successful.The game is fast-paced and instantly re-playable with just enough depth and uniqueness of your crew to make you care about each run. As far as Rougelikes go, this one is incredibly well-balanced, and I am impressed.If nothing else I said has convinced you, in this game it is totally possible to confuse a Voodoo Monkey so hard that he walks off the battlefield."
76561198030927605,Recommended,296970,23938837,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,B. Cereus,"Game is straight fire, love playing it"
,Recommended,296970,18675843,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Xan,To scratch that FTL itch.. With deep mechanics and great style.
76561198030940597,Recommended,296970,26430402,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,alexei.andreev,One of my most favorite games.
,Not Recommended,296970,24236554,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,[BoG] Nixxaras,"Beautiful, clever, addictive, but in the end mostly frustrating and arbitrary. If you're a king of theory crafting that loves die and retries, this game might be for you.But run away, you average casual gamer. This game will make you break your keyboard for every fight you had no chance to win to begin with, but you got stuck into for some reason.I know there is an ""easy"" mode, but what is the point of completing a Rogue Like game in easy mode?"
76561197963400690,Recommended,296970,25274101,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,kremit,Thank you for Linux support :)
,Recommended,296970,24463822,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,itwins,The game is only marginally positive because:Cons:- crashes all the time. On rare occasions you lose everything and have to start from scratch.- mediocre Flash graphics. Even smartphone games have better graphics.- pretty expensive. $5 smartphone games are more complex and have more sophisticated graphics- too talkative. I skip all dialogs! Click Click Click Click Click....Pros:- Weird and unusual but simple to learn and play- Like the leaderboard. Has replay value.
,Recommended,296970,25268081,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Steel,I was laughed at by hyenas until my whole party gave upperfect 5/7
76561198114191086,Not Recommended,296970,18682167,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Maciejjy,"First of all: I cannot reccomend this game.I can see that many people compare this game to FTL game. I didn't play it, so I cannot do it, but for me RE:IS is not really good game. Well, it's overpriced at least.Graphic is nice, music is ok and it's quite fun to play...for the first time. For me, this game has ZERO replayability.I have played this game just 5 hours, so not much. First game was great. I started in adventure mode and finish the game in 4 hours. I thought that next game will be different. Maybe not 100% different but still. Unfortunatelly events are very similar, there is just few spots on worldmap that you can visit and I simple feel that I am doing the same things agin and again.I will give it a shot one more time, but play again just to unlock new characters and find some more treasures is not enough.Idea was good, but there is not enough content for now."
76561198035287960,Not Recommended,296970,23324329,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,braincabin,"I cannot recommend this game. I want to, I really do, but it is unbalanced in a few, yet crucial, ways that transforms a charming and novel experience with a lot of promise into sheer frustration, or, more frequently, shock and disbelief. Make sure you've made your sacrifices to the random number generator gods before playing this one. There are (at least) two things that need to be re-worked: 1) the Resolve mechanic, and 2) the attack power of minions. You start each expedition with barely enough Resolve to survive it. The early expeditions are easy enough, but then sometimes you die on the first encounter of your first expedition. Even hardcore rogue-likes are more balanced than that. Failure is often so unavoidable mainly because Resolve is reduced for each character that falls, and once you hit zero Resolve, it's 'game over'. This is also due to minions doing nearly as much ""damage"" as bosses, and respawning at a considerable rate with no perceivable limit to their quantity. Because some encounters railroad you into certain strategies, and because your party might only be really good at other strategies, you can end up with a highly skilled and decked-out party who is just up♥♥♥♥♥♥creek in some encounters. And that wouldn't be so bad occasionally, but since the result is 'game over' and you really had no chance, it's more than a little confusing and frustrating. So to save yourself from this fate, you'll find yourself just doing whatever your party is best at, regardless of whether it's appropriate to the situation.IMO, the worst kind of gaming experience you can have is really wanting to like a game that has some genuinely great ideas and a lot of potential, but not being able to because of the despair it engenders via meaningless ""are you feaking kidding me?"" and ""I'm not even mad anymore, this is just ridiculous"" moments, in spite of your level of mastery. That's what happens here w/ RE:IS. Maybe it's worth a purchase on sale, but not at full price."
76561198030748849,Not Recommended,296970,20759547,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,brennon777,"For the few hours it was stable, the game was enjoyable.  I simply can't get my saved games to load.  It crashes every time.   This is a known issue that still isn't resolved.  Until they fix this avoid."
76561198071965366,Not Recommended,296970,22491989,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,StarTropics,This is a good game but where it lacks is the replay value. Its fun for a few hours. I ended up failing on my 5th expedition .I tried again with an entirely new crew expecting an entirely new gameplay experience. What I got were the same maps but I just go down a diffrent path to accomidate for the strengths of my new crew.Each playthrough feels very similar to the previous no matter how much you try to deviate your strategy.I just got bored. Considering I'm bored after only 7 hours of gameplay I cannot recommend this game.
,Not Recommended,296970,24436032,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Tartrazine,"It would be great if a game like this had extensive dialog trees that often let you avoid combat entirely, as in classic RPGs. But that's not remotely how this game works. ""Talking"" to enemies is just a different form of attack in the rock-paper-scissors combat system. I've heard it compared to FTL, but I loved FTL and found this boring and lame."
76561197993459924,Recommended,296970,31635868,Posted: 8 May,all,Dobert,idk why but its super fun
76561197966899842,Recommended,296970,18756275,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Jon M,Great fun with tons of strategy and replayability. Absolutely worth a shot!
,Not Recommended,296970,20558969,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Kelfezond,Fun for the first play through but not enough replay value (I don't care how many pictures of different relics I can collect if the game is exactly the same to play each time) and not long enough.Not worth full price but maybe worth sale price.
76561197992033437,Not Recommended,296970,28206577,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,tfhomer,"Two Words: Difficulty spike.The game encourages you to play your own way and try different teams and strategies. As far as I can tell the only thing that really matters is getting a bunch of gold to upgrade your gear to have good stats. I played on the second to easiest difficulty and I was having no trouble with end level bosses besides them being a little grindy to defeat until the final expedition. Then suddenly there are minibosses that can oneshot my strongest hero. After save scumming my way to victory I encountered the final boss. The boss and his party all had several hundred spirit(health) each while my people had around 40. My brother and I each have tried the game multiple times and every time our runs come to an end due to difficulty spikes at one point or another.I really enjoyed the art style and humor of the game, but the frustration of insurmountable difficulty is too much. I had hoped to enjoy this game, but I just can't."
,Recommended,296970,29893049,Posted: 12 February,all,Krazymanic,fun lil game to kill time
,Not Recommended,296970,20749281,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Arrakisdef,"Dull and unexciting.  Combat, gameplay in general, got very boring after a short time.  No interesting main story or time to make one up on your own.  Dialogue is amusing for a little bit, but that is a bout it."
76561198043777940,Not Recommended,296970,25336796,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Shiva,"The difficulties are badly set. On classic I can't finish the game after 20 tries, not even finishing adventures lvl4/5.One difficulty lower and I finish the gsame on first try. Just frustrating how the ennemy damage scale."
,Not Recommended,296970,25455437,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,mwyeoh,"The game has a good premise and is similar to many roguelikes in many ways.However, it doesnt have the same sense of progression as games such as FTL and the game is more narrative based than most roguelikes, making it more similar to a pick-a-path adventureUnfortunately, for me it didnt have the same drawing power as other similar games of the genre. Its a fun adventure, but I dont feel the motivation to come back and continue playing after a small handful of attempts"
76561198011552340,Recommended,296970,20268867,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Keilger,I hate this ♥♥♥♥ing game.
76561198030791966,Not Recommended,296970,22189908,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Taruvian,"After playing 'Reus' I was really excited to see what else this studio came up with. This is a talented group, and there is definitely an audience for this game, but I think the audience is too ""niche"" to warrant the sweeping positive reviews.Stylistically, I think the campiness was a weird choice. After playing the tutorial and seeing the evil ""rival"" I was thinking, ""Hey, this would be a fun thing to show to my 7 year old nephew"" but then I realized there's way too much reading for someone of that age and the difficulty is too high for him to enjoy... so... I don't know, I thought it was silly. Let's go plunder a native tribe by telling them jokes... :|The bonuses are fun. You get LOTS of shiny throughout the game. It doesn't pay off unless you complete a whole level, though, and the boss fights were the deal breakers for me. I think in the last fight I did there were 4x as many enemies as my I had in my party. Challenging fights are fun... but I hadn't even really completed a full level (past the tutorial), so it seems like it just ramped up too fast. And while the game is technically a 'tactics' game, in that it has a grid and you walk around, there seemed to be less tactical decisions focused on positioning, movement, cover, etc... and more so just their 'mood' system."
76561197995713243,Recommended,296970,29747001,Posted: 6 February,all,Jackal,"Muito bom, divertido e desafiador. Vale a pena o seu dinheiro"
76561198084376021,Not Recommended,296970,25254022,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Slay,"I would reccommend besides the issue that once a mission is started it can't be stopped until you succeed. I have found myself stuck on an adventure because it was harder then my party could face, thus having to start the game over again and again. If you avoid harder adventures, you lose by not gaining enough renown. I would reccomend this game if they fixed this."
,Not Recommended,296970,25341987,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Cromulons,"When I got this game, I was hoping it was a randomized places to go, it's not. Everytime you start over, you are greeted with the same place, in the exact same order. The route you take is randomized I think, but you will always get the same main treasures. It gets really repetitive quick, because replaying a game with different combinations of character is a big part of this game, but it just gets boring doing the exact same thing over and over but with different characterss.I will recommend this game only during big sale, but I will not recommend it on full price.Aside from repetitiveness and the lack of randomness, The combat system is pretty good.Choosing the route to try to get extra treasures and other stuff is pretty good too."
76561198258183292,Not Recommended,296970,25197348,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,kurita,"Found the beginning pretty good, but by the final encounter, the enemy team takes out each one of my characters in a single attack.  Wasn't the whole game to get to this point and have a chance?  They all move further than I do and fight with stronger attacks. Frustrating.  Too long for too little enjoyment. Played on normal difficulty, won't play again."
,Not Recommended,296970,18828437,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,herites,"Let me start with this: the game is fun once or twice, while you explore all the locations. Then it dies. The advertised ""replayability"" is that you can use a lot of characters on your runs, however they are not fundamentally different from each other, they all use the same mechanics, just different sprites. The randomized locations are not randomized, you are going to face the same challenges each and every time at the end of the map, no exception. Sure, the enemies may spawn on a different part of the map, or you take a different road,  but all runs feel the same. The treasures you can unlock are not changing the way you play the game in a big way, they are just giving you extra resources for various activites.TL, DR:DO buy this game when it's on a sale for 5-10 EurosDO NOT buy for full price, or expect anything more than 4-5 hours of (awesome) gameplay. This game has NO real replayability."
,Not Recommended,296970,20202028,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Aidin,"Let me start by saying this isn't a bad game. This is a nice little game that will probably provide you with at least ~10 hours of entertainment before you get bored. That being said, I'm already bored.I'm not the type of person that likes to min/max everything in the game. I don't want to try and beat my high score and I don't want to get 100% achievements. I just want to enjoy playing the game and I want something that keeps me coming back to relax. This isn't it.I think my biggest problem with this game is that there isn't enough variety. I keep seeing the same encounters over and over again. In every play through I fight the same bosses, I see the same treasures, and then different characters don't really provide me with that much varied game play. It feels like I'm playing the same hour and a half campaign over and over again. The mechanics of this game aren't all that interesting if I already know how to win every fight and I'm esentially playing the same characters. I like tactics games, but the combat in this game is so simple and so unvaried that it ends up being completely uncompelling.Overall I am disappointed with this game. It's still a cute little game that I recommend people try when it's on sale. Otherwise, I cannot recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,296970,29289967,Posted: 15 January,all,Manenti,"This game is 70% RAGE, like 30% RESOLVE and 230% luck. The wheel of fortune system is terrible; the resolve system, even worse. I hate that everything in this game is about luck. The turn-base strategy sucks because if someone faints you lose one resolve. You hardly strategise, because EVERYTHING IS ABOUT LUCK. The fact that you can't attack and then move is terribl;, like, is this even a turn-base game? I played 12 hours, and I'll keep on playing because I'm a completionist and an achievement seeker. Nontheless, if I could turn back time, I woudn't buy this game."
,Not Recommended,296970,19362939,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,▲,"Completely inconsistent difficulty ruins this otherwise pretty interesting game. Normal encounter do not offer any challenge, but boss battles are nearly impossible."
76561198064406992,Not Recommended,296970,19655661,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,sher.chris12,This could be a great game if it were not for the fact it keep shutting itself down ievery few encounters. unless u have alot of patience i do not recommend this game as is. if during a update and this is fixed i will write a new review.
,Not Recommended,296970,21280162,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Timrod,"RE:IS is basically a generic ""we made a roguelike look at us guys"" game that is so poorly balanced that it's almost laughable. The first half of the game is a total steamroll, while the latter half features a cheating AI and really cheap game mechanics (bosses with infinite reinforcements that arrive every turn which are also damage sponges) to try and counter the steamroll. There's also a lot of cheap screw-over mechanics where unless you have a guide open displaying every possible outcome to everything you are probably not going to be getting anywhere.Devs have nerfed every possible winning combo to the ground because ""muh singleplayer game balance"" making it even more un-fun than it already was."
,Not Recommended,296970,19877593,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Tiago,The mac version is very bad
,Not Recommended,296970,19192001,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Fermdasius [SK],"Don´t get me vrong the game is really good BUT:It´s short... like really short, even shorter than my♥♥♥♥♥♥ (Yes the replay value is there but after 5 games it kinda fades)The maps could be larger.Could use more maps.Shops really are not that vital.No big upgades like more supplies.Geting far into research is hard beacuse of game lenght and supplies.Game kind of forces you to take a specific approach in battle.I could name a few more.Verdict: Get it on sale."
,Not Recommended,296970,18794672,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Sugarfly,"Do I like this game? Yes I really liked it. Beautiful style, cool game, nice UI, very nice Character skill system ect. It's enjoyable to play and its fun to level up, buy new stuff and adventure in higher regions.What do I dislike?I'ts to expensive for such a small game.YES, I know I can run this game endless times again and again and every game is not like the game before but for an rougelike game, the  ""round"" got a  definite end, No endlessmode till you die because u got bad luck or the enemy is too strong or I did something wrong etc. After you visited 5 different regions you won or you lost no matter how good your group was working. I for one would not recommend this game for this price."
,Not Recommended,296970,25278031,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,ValCorvo,"I guess I should have expected as much with a game terming itself as rogue-like, but I'm getting tired of these games that only give you so many matches before the whole campaign is over. I would think it would at least be marketed as such."
,Not Recommended,296970,31704369,Posted: 12 May,all,ancientorange,"I purchased this game because I'd picked up ""The Curious Expedition"". I enjoyed TCE, in spite of some harsh flaws, and noted that many reviews mentioned ""Renowned Explorers"" as being a similar and superior version of the idea. It went on sale, and I took the plunge.It's a bit prettier if you don't like seeing aliased edges. Looks like vector art to me, coupled with some cut-out style ragdoll animations. I can see how some might find that objectively superior to little blots of pixels that wiggle a little and pop up and down once to indicate a combat action. It wasn't an issue for me.RE also has a more tactical combat. TCE's combat system is pretty bad: it's simple, heavily random, and leans toward brutal outcomes. I still like it more, because RE's combat isn't even combat. It's a combat system that pretends you're all really just having a row. The outcomes aren't brutal, they're mostly carebear. You win by emotionally overwhelming your opponents. Yes, most of your attacks are either meant to make your opponents feel so bad they run away in tears, or feel so grateful to you for pumping up their ego that they wouldn't dream of interfering.And you have to deal with their mood. Yes, your strategy changes depending on whether the bad guys are friendly or cranky. Except, it doesn't. Mostly it's just a matter of which type of attack you use most. Sometimes it's the red button. Sometimes it's the blue. Sometimes it's the green. It all depends on which one will break their spirit the most, as determined by what kind of spirit they brought you to break.There's another couple layers of rock-paper-scissor tacked on, so that there are different buffs/debuffs for different... (*sigh) moods. Yes, the vibe in the air, the interaction of the opponent's emotional state and the emotional state your opponents percieve you have, has a 25-30% influence on some action or another.There's a small novelty value to the window dressing at first--but only as long as you think of it as quirky window dressing. If you actually think of it as a game where most battles are won by alternately praising and verbally abusing or intimidating your opponents, then suddenly it's somewhere between catty and psychopathy. Do you really want to roleplay as someone who gets what they want through bullying and emotional manipulation? Is that even someone you want to pretend to be? If so, good news! They finally made a game for the pathologically passive aggressive, and this is it!If, on the other hand, you prefer to pretend to better than you are, or much much worse, this isn't going to cut it. The paladins are going to puke their armor, and villains are likely to be dissappointed at how little damage they get to do, and how shallow the manipulations are. It's not like you're weaving together a detailed conspiracy and watching your puppets dance as you tug their emotions with subtlety from the background. It's more two groups of children shouting on the playground and alternating between ""poopy head"" and ""Hey bae!"" with the occasional ""I'm gonna bang your mom"" for good measure.Think I'm exaggerating? I don't blame you. But keep in mind most of these emotional attacks also inflict (yes, inflict) emotional states ranging from enthusiastic to enraged to terrified, and most of them also have buffs or debuffs.Did I mention your party members heal each other by saying nice things to one another? And the battle resolution is never about death or injury, they just run off the field weeping in joy, fear, anger or confusion about all the mixed signals. Basically it's a little too close to how I see people resolve conflicts in real life. Not the sort of realism I was looking for.Even worse is their boss encounter system. Most encounters are mop up type missions where you keep going untill everyone else has run off in some flavor of tears. Boss encounters continue until the Boss is weeping, sometimes into the shoulder of a consoling henchman. Excuse me, hench-person. They all summon more henchpeople during the fight. That's what makes it a boss encounter. That's the main difficulty lever.Granted, it does make the combat tougher. It doesn't keep it interesting.Renowned Explorers does stand above The Curious Expedition in variety of storylines. I saw lots of repetition in the first hour or two of TCE. In three hours of RE, I was still seeing new storylines and events.However, I think RE might have ruined this niche genre. No, not rogue-likes--this is not a roguelike. That would be like saying tag is like cribbage. This genre is ""popularity contest"", the realization of which is what has killed my interest.It's not as obvious in TCE, where your primary means of gaining popularity is returning from adventures abroad with a shipload of treasure and lots of exciting stories to tell. But in RE, where about a third of your resources go to hiring an entourage provide buffs to your income--and you purchase them with 'status'... it's a little too blunt for me.In TCE, you spent your money on real equipment: rope, climbing gear, torches, food, etc. In Renowned Explorers, you buy accessories to improve your stats. Things like ""good boots"", ""memento"", ""decent book""--yeah... the paint is really peeling off now. This is a game for your inner middle school mean girl.I do acknowledge they've corrected my internal misspelling of renowned. I guess that's worth something."
76561198036094580,Not Recommended,296970,18185359,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,18Incog20,"Its fun, but inconsitent and little technical glitches make it bothersome more often than not.The idea is great, there isnt enough depth to the explorations and encountrers to play over and over again and playing with different styles requires no extra thought save making sure your three explorerers are of the same skillsets. Gets a little repetitive and the encounters drag a little. Gets harder as you go and it was fun to get my♥♥♥♥♥kicked by some old nuns who were surprisingly flirtatious.Periodically, boxes or buttons just dissapear, HUD flickers or the base map is a mess of glitching. This doesn't go back to normal until you reset.Like a lot of independent games on steam, this would be better as a mobile app and if it were priced as such."
76561198006610773,Not Recommended,296970,23501959,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Rallemann,"This game is not for me. I can see that it is really popular, but I am just scratching my head asking myself what I am missing, because nothing in this game seems to make any sense to me. I did the tutorial two times and each time stopped before I finished it, because it was so annoying. Then I did the first quest and now I do not want to see this game any more. Will uninstall now. Might be good for you, just not interesting for me.Graphics are nice, but gameplay seems more suitable for female players who are interested in playing out (very simple) social interactions between those characters."
76561198025596010,Not Recommended,296970,19825668,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Obry,"Nice game, but very low replaybaility value. Wouldn't reccomend to purchase it and would have returned it if I could."
76561198008218603,Not Recommended,296970,25413327,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,King Tommo,"Not at all what i thought it would be, was expecting something much deeper."
76561198113205128,Not Recommended,296970,18879650,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,The Joe Penn,"Generally speaking these sort of rogue-lites appeal to me and after seeing a glowing review about the game from Total Biscuit I decided it was worth a shot. The game downloaded reasonably quickly and launched fine. I got through the little intro and crew selection and was embarking on the first expedition when I had my first encounter (A MAJOR part of the game mechanics where all combat happens). While on the load screen for the encounter the game crashed at 5%. I thought maybe it was a one-time thing, after all the first time launching games isn't always perfect, so I tried again. I went through the intro and related process again only to have the game crash once more upon entering the loading screen for an encounter at 5%. I did this a few more times with similar results. Encounter loading screen crashes at 5%. Every. Time. At this point I'm convinced it just won't work on my PC and I can't for the life of me figure out why. It looks like a really fun game so it's a real shame I can't play it. I've seen on the support forums other people having the exact same ""5% Crash"" issue and the only response from the developer that I've seen was a sincere apology but no real solution. Don't spend money on this unless you're willing to gamble that it just won't work for your PC."
76561197968470997,Not Recommended,296970,23336276,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,info,"edited my overall very positive review.why? you can 'finish' the game in 2h.it's a battle fir high scores.what looks at first like a lenghty ascend into ever more challenging expedidions is a mirage.the game has extremely limited content.it advertizes to be a rogue like, but it says ""game over"" after 5 missions (including tutorial) and just counts the high score.wtf?also: I never had any issues with blinking or flashing lights ever in gaming. but this game made me become extremely ill physically.once you go down to almost no renown, there's a glaring red pulsing light that won't ever go away until you finish the expedition, which can take a while.most things in the game have this pulsing and it's really horrible.but you could patch this out.you can't patch out limited content and a stupid ""lol dude: you didn't know this is a high score game? haha thx for hadning us your money, idiot!"" attitude and game design.do not buy until they upgrade the main game with more content. the expansion adds 2(!!!!) expeditions aka missions for 7€. just lol"
76561198007513026,Not Recommended,296970,23719163,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,malcolmmackay224,"I've tried hard to like this game. I went through the tutorial and watched some Let's play videos.Unfortunately it was a waste of time. Far too much effort is required to try and understand the strange and very unintuitive rules. Being different isn't always a good thing. Also, luck plays far too large a role in the game."
76561197961441722,Not Recommended,296970,26433487,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Destrier,"This game looks like it would be great...but I gave up after being dumped into full Civilization-level complexity with no tutorial. The game tells you to read the in-game manual, which looks like it would take an hour to internalize and has a poor UI for navigating. I just wanted to play a game."
76561198025160812,Not Recommended,296970,18671739,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Duke Sir Melvin the Bold,Currently broken to the point of unplayability on some linux configs. The game window doesn't play nicely with a standard desktop environment.
76561198056241471,Not Recommended,296970,21398521,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,alindhor,"You thought you bought a game, but you actually bought a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ""not even a story"". Do you like to be annoyed? Get annoyed as you click your way through to finish the quest. Your decisions don't matter. Try not to kill yourself as you go through another uninteresting long winded battle. Nothing you choose matters. Why did you buy this game? Are you capable of decision making? ♥♥♥♥ that one top review that says this is the best surprise game they've bought on steam. It's really not a game. I was so excited to play, and this is NOT EVEN A GAME."
,Not Recommended,296970,30067801,Posted: 20 February,all,Ozuf,Freezes on linux before even getting past the team selection.
,Not Recommended,296970,18385183,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,beckyisadork,"I've played this game for a few hours, and to be honest I don't know what was expecting.I read the reviews and weighed out the pros an cons, decided that I may as well get it to test it out.It is fun. I'll give it that. The characters to choose from have personality, and putting certain ones together creates different effects while you're exploring.People are saying there's not enough places to go. Honestly, I don't even mind that much because different stuff can happen depending who you're teamed with.All in all, it's an okay game, I'd give it a 5/10. I took a point off because I'm just a spiteful person.The thing that would really get my♥♥♥♥♥♥hard was if the treasures you got at the end actually meant something. I mean, I'm aware they make you more famous so you can beat those grade A ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s that are the most famous. But after that, then what? They just look pretty on Anna's shelves? THEY DON'T HAVE SHELVES BECAUSE THEY'RE EXPLORERS.I dont know, it's an alright game but you gotta really love repetitive game play if you wanna spend £15. And if you love it eough to spend £15 you might as well marry it. Again and again and again. (get it?)"
,Not Recommended,296970,17867104,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Plunderbunny,"The game has a tonne of potential, but it's REALLY poorly executed. Too much is up to random chance, no matter how well you prepare and organize. So you spend A LOT of time doing the first two missions over and over and over and over and over... Just trying to figure out how to actually be good at the system rather than barely scraping by. I really wanted to love this game, but I am genuinely♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off that I gave it so much of a chance that I was refused a refund.It's a randomised railroad pretending to be a open world strategy game. Boo."
,Not Recommended,296970,23912538,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,IT'S IN THE BIBLE,"The game could be good, but it might as well be clicker heroes. Tons of ""variation"" but it all has very little effect on the game. Encounters are often ""___  happens, click to continue"". Might as well be clicker heroes. I made this game minus the combat on my TI-83 back in high school. so charging $10 for it on sale is kind of like a soup kitchen charging the homeless to eat there."
76561198043985256,Not Recommended,296970,17933256,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,VGAstudent,"I have to agree with Ninjaducky, this game has no replayability if there is no extensive end game exploration with your team having achieved some fame and levels. Rebalance the game please, this is boring."
76561198064410540,Not Recommended,296970,17921111,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Pink Horror,"This is the first game I'm going to try to refund on Steam.I saw the comments about it being X-COM like and I thought I'd try it out. It turns out that there isn't much going for the combat other than a rock-paper-scissors sort of thing with three attack types. Of course, the game suggests building your team around one or two types, so you're going into a RPS contest without one of those choices. Each character has a small number of attacks to choose from, and they were mostly the same between the characters I tried. If there's some way to switch team members between expeditions, I didn't find it.Between combats, the game has a dull board game feel, like playing Monopoly. Sometimes you roll on a wheel to see if something good or bad happens. There are different skills that influence this, but there's not much way to prepare for a particular type of area where different skills might apply, unless I missed that, too. I should note that the UI for this game is often confusing.Also, there's some bug for unusual resolutions that makes the mouse cursor not line up with whatever position it's using for selecting buttons. I played this game on my TV, which obscures some of the edge of a standard resolution, so I clipped it a little in the video settings. I had to change resolution in the game to a standard choice and restart.The point is, I don't want to play this game any more."
,Not Recommended,296970,17885782,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,ringhloth,"It felt repetitive, luck-based difficulty, poorly designed, and poorly balanced.EDIT: You know, despite my frustration with this game, I keep coming back to it. It's something that I really want to like, but there are a few things that a really way too frustrating. Hopefully they get fixed, and I can really enjoy it."
,Not Recommended,296970,17978144,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,zanzajin,Excessively repetitive and altogether not worth the steam credit I ended up spending on it.
,Not Recommended,296970,17914858,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,ataxkt,"+ Theme, art style and polish is all fantastic.+ Exploring a location is a lot of fun.- The mood system is original and creates some humour, but not especially interesting from a gameplay perspective.- Much too long and random for permadeath to not be frustrating. Play it on explorer mode!"
,Not Recommended,296970,17945808,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Taj,"Decent game, but i got bored quickly."
76561198069404681,Not Recommended,296970,17955867,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,phonelobster,"I'm amazed this game is getting positive reviews.It looks nice, it's a fun idea.But it has ZERO fun gameplay.It's purely luck based events and grinding poorly balanced combat. Positioning doesn't matter, abilities are dull, and in the end you pretty much have to tank the minions, tank the boss, and focus the boss down every time, or die trying.Every single element of this game at every single level can be best described by ""Shallow, Dull, Repetetive, and may not even be working as intended."""
76561198100333681,Not Recommended,296970,33843491,Posted: 27 July,all,Brengun18,The mechanics are bad.
,Not Recommended,296970,17880251,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Alex,"Pretty dissapointed with this game, here's why:- Annoying emotion-based combat system which requires you to play a certain way - not the way you want- Events are seemingly completely random in difficulty and one loss will see you start right from the beginning- You can only equip a measly three items per character which are limited in choice and offer little satisfaction- You are given an extremely limited choice in regions you can travel to and cannot return to them- The game is way too short ""but we want you to play it lots of times over"" - Devs (that's called laziness)- Token system is stupid - what ever happened to simple gold coins and loot?- Too many classes, sub-classes and perk combinations which usually end up failing in the end- Random map spawning - who thought it would be good to have bosses spawn on healing areas?- Entourage system is a complete waste of time and you will never notice it- Research papers seem half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and are basically a talent tree you will never notice- Speech attacks can be fumbled - how?- Get stunned once on a boss level? Prepare to be swarmed by the infinite amount of enemies who you will have to sit and watch one by one as they move and attack you...How fun.Everything you expect this game to be it simply isn't. There's simply too much going on for it to be enjoyable; classes, subclasses, perks, weaknesses, combinations, tokens, entourage, moods, positioning, speech attack, speech defence, spirit, normal attack, armour. Lots of the encounters you will have will just be you spinning a wheel and leaving it to chance, if you lose, be prepared to lose resolve (Life) - run out of those, and you could have just thrown away hours of work because you chose the wrong characters from the get go and no, you cannot escape these events when they occur.If you're looking for a game where you can happily play a couple of hours a day, building up your team and equipping them with the best items, exploring new regions and amassing lots of coins and artifacts then this isn't for you.Unfortunately, I think the devs put so much time into making the game look good, that they forgot to actually play it. Devs - get in touch with me if you want to know how to make this game work.Not recommended."
,Not Recommended,296970,20205695,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Geofferic,Simply childish.
,Not Recommended,296970,29833650,Posted: 10 February,all,BRETT RIVERBOAT,A game that relies on its theme to get by.
76561198072826923,Not Recommended,296970,26191307,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,KOS-MOS,"For 17$ the game is too shallow. Very few levels to play, with very few effective teams.Getting 100% is tedious and makes the game even worse than what it is.It could be easily released on mobile for 3.99$I see it's an overall cancer to sell mobile games on steam, sadly."
76561198005511672,Recommended,296970,17991141,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Marshmallowmancer,"A more-than-enjoyable turn-based strategy game with mechanics that may border on revolutionary, allowing you to win battles with your fists, insults, or kindness as you see fit. In Renowned Explorers, your words are treated as attacks and can end the fight as quickly as any blow. Someday we'll look back at this game and realize how important it is for changing how we view conflict - and how those conflicts are resolved.Everything about this game is enjoyable. I only wish there was more to it. There are actually very few maps to play through and while the game encourages you to play through its campaign multiple times (and it is indeed fun to do so...to a point), it can get stale. A sandbox mode would have been nice...though only if there were another dozen maps and a bunch more treasures to find. But it definitely earns every penny of its asking price and is one of those few games that I hope - nay, pray - DLC is released for eventually."
,Recommended,296970,18009133,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Boxtacular,"Pretty fun ""rogue-lite"" game. Each playthrough will be different from the last one and there's plenty of options in the cast to customize your party. Overall if you're into mid-length games with a degree of randomness (but limited randomness, not completely make-or-break randomness) like Reus this is a pretty good pick up.Pros:- Very original gameplay; fusion of Civ-like combat with text-based-adventuring overworlds- Easy to pick up, but enough depth to actually require some learning- High level of party customization, re-playability- Low levels of ""game-losing"" RNG instances- Intuitive combat systems- Visually very appealing IMOCons:- Some bugs, mostly text-only though- There is some ""game-losing"" or ""game-ruining"" RNG instances, which really suck (forced choices with very low success rates)- No real incentive to play above the easiest mode as you can unlock all the achievements without playing on harder modes- Developing a strategy to min/max resources outside of exploration is not explained very well- I do wish you could make your own charactersOverall, somewhere in the range of 7-8/10, a good game in a weird hybrid genre that I've not seen before."
76561198106696263,Recommended,296970,17963531,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,AWorldChanger,"Given the quick and very helpful response from the developer I am able to enjoy this game on my Surface. A can now recommend this game with the caveat that you'll have to change a setting if you want it to be ""casual""My original review is included below for context:I enjoy this game but I'm not able to play it on my Surface Pro as I would have liked.It doesn't support touch or pen input. In order to play it I have to have the keyboard attached and use the track pad. This is far less than ideal...I bought this game with the hope that I'd be able to play it instead of all of the clicker/idle games I'm stuck with...  They seem to be the only games that support touch screens.Please add support for Surface Pro. As it stands I'd recommend it as a game but not for somebody wanting to play it casually."
76561197995935136,Recommended,296970,18022290,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Greg Bahm,"Refreshingly unique game mechanics and fun context. Like with Reus, it took a bit of effort to learn all the mechanics of their system, which didn't match the casual tone of the art. But it was worth it to wrap my head around all the different elements of the game, because the experience got really fun after a few playthroughs.This is the first roguelike I'm aware of with a compelling tactics system, where you don't have to go through the world murdering everything in sight. That accomplishment alone was worth the price of admission for me. The character designs were also quite fun. The art in generally was very clever and well executed.Each session is a bit short, but it took me quite a few tries to win, and I'm sure it will take me quite a few more tries to 100% complete the game (like with Reus). A part of me hopes Abby Games will keep inventing new game systems, but if they make ten sequels to Renowned Explorers, I would probably by them all."
76561198058327126,Recommended,296970,17964648,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,TheDarkestTruth,"Theres is a few things you should know about this game...This game seems like they are looking towards a more competitive side of players, the replay value is based off looking to find the best set up and getting the highest score in the community.Pro:20 Playable explorers with own stats/skills/leader bonusesThe RNG of treasures / reward they give allows you to change your playstyle.There is many things to test/shop around with in builds.Great combatGreat art style for what they are trying to do.Con.RNG can win or break your run.Bosses RNG spawn is very unfair and should be looked. (@Final boss)The Map layout will be random but the events will be repeated.Some glitchs in the map. (nothing game breaking)Final review:There is a few flaws in this game that needed to be looked at but overall this game is worth picking up.@Dev's- add an extra map for each star rank- buff speakers most are not even worth looking at- more mini bosses would be grand."
,Recommended,296970,17966857,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Redhotviking,"The game itself is pretty funny, but I do not like the whole singleplayer version of Catan feel. You have time pressure to compleat the game, after 5 expeditions your points are tallied up and you win or run out of resources or resolve on the way and end up losing.There are 2 modes; which is basically save-load version thats highly flawed and the Ironman mode that only keeps one save and if you die or lose in another way well.... then you are out.As for the save load version of the game: You can save and load sure, BUT you lose any and all experience point you might have had between the saving and loading. I had 10 of 11 xp entering a map, i saved then i did an event with success my captain gained experience point enough to level up, i saved before hitting the next map only to fail and being forced to load, when i loaded my game I had ""De-leveled"" and had 10 of 11 xp. This is most likly a bug they plan to fix.SecondlyI would love a Story mode where you had no time pressure, and could change out party members as you played a endless run of the game. The game ended not from how many expeditions you had but when you had found enough treasure to humiliate the opponent. Having the option to re-visit allready explored areas to grab what you can of materials would be fun, basically more RPG than what it allready is. Could also make it so that finding and acquiring more members is also done in city event.Simply put as the game is now, it is a single player game of Settlers of Catan, or thats as close as I can place it. You run around acquiring points until you win. It is funny but flawed, worth the money? Sure, I laughed while I played it so yeah. not a compleat waste of money at least there are much much worse games out there."
76561198058061532,Recommended,296970,17978587,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,HomoSwegerMaster,"Thumbs up all the way, been playing it for a bit now and I'm really enjoying it, keep up the good work!"
76561198026257207,Recommended,296970,17985704,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,SnowSwift (Fred),"What can I say... it is just awesome. Could have more maps BUT each contain more elements then you'll encounter in one run. You can adjust the challenge level... I played Classic won my 2 first games, then BAM! failed like 10 games in a row! :P (I play Iron Man mode)."
76561198010405907,Recommended,296970,17986873,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,teekay15,"The Developers for this game are really on the ball. The game is great, the feedback has been acted on to make it even BETTER already (it has only just come out), the developers are very very active in the forums, this game is a great buy.I would like there to be an option for more than five expeditions, and for the renown of other explorers to actually change  to simulate them going on expeditions as well (so Riv is always around 2000 by the fifth mission but doesn't start at 2000 renown and just inexplicably do no more missions as you start to contest his spot at the top)."
,Recommended,296970,17987069,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,morikal,"This game is awesome for many reasons.It really does give a nice exploration feel. There are a large number of party combinations to try, and for casual gamers you can set the difficulty somewhat low and just explore around.However, this review is aimed at the more serious gamers.This game, at higher difficulty levels, has a lot of strategic depth. It is a rogue-lite (with the only progression unlocking new captains--you start at lvl 1 explorers each game, with no new equipment). So essentially a pure rogue-like.There are several different parts to this game.1) [Non-expedition] Resource management. You never have enough to do everything, even with full focus on one of them.Gold for equipment.Status to hire followers and specialists. Give new perks (see below) and improve # of resources gained on expeditions.Research to write papers (which give various bonuses; there are multiple research trees focused on different things).Fully focusing on gold, for instance, will never get you enough for the best equipment for all your characters.Full on research? MAYBE you'll get half the trees unlocked.Etc.(And you'll still get other resources; just where you focus your bonuses can matter a lot.)2) Character developmenta) Your captain perk matters a lot. Each captain has a different perk that can make a big difference (or not, depending on the captain, but its all in how you use it). Hard to explain without going into horrible amounts of detail, but different captains are better at some strategies than others; lots to explore.b) Perks: each character starts with 2 perks and gets at least 2 more during level-ups (choice between 2 different perk groups for each character). You can also gain them during exploration and from equipping trinkets.Perks give you more options during exploration (e.g., with enough Archeology you get might get unique options when exploring a pyramid, or with enough Athlete perks maybe you can do some crazy stuff when running from natives across a bridge).Perks give you bonuses on the 'adventure wheel'--a %-based spin that resolves various non-combat encounters. (Different perk ""groups"" give bonuses, and specific perks can too. E.g., if you have 5 ""naturalist"" perks, maybe you get a big bonus on identifying some new species of animal you find, giving bonus research. If one of those perks is 'biology', maybe you get a separate, additional bonus.)Perks also give combat stats.c) AttacksEach character starts with 3 regular ""attacks"": A physical attack of some sort, a deceitful talking action, and a friendly talking action.All of these damage enemy ""spirit"". (And the friendly one can be used on allies too, will heal them.)The talking attacks generally inflict a status too: saddened, excited, etc. (These give bonuses or penalties to combat stats.)It can be really interesting if you are trying to be friendly; you may end up buffing the enemy! Careful...Each character also unlocks 2 unique attacks as they level up (AoE, line attacks, single target, and all sorts of other stuff).d) Equipment: Each character can equip a trinket (perks, resists), offense item (offensive combat stats, maybe buffs too), defensive item (defensive stats).e) Special things. Sometimes you may get a permanent non-perk thingie that stays with the character either for the rest of the current expedition (each game is 5 expeditions) or for the rest of the game.The different classes of character have typical perk groups they unlock and typical types of builds. (E.g., scouts tend to be glass cannon with long range attacks and quick thinking/rogueish perks. Fighters tend to be melee with athletic or tactical perks.)Utilizing different combinations of characters is fun--it can play very differently.3) CombatSo there are 3 different flavors of attack: “aggressive”, “deceitful”, and “friendly”They interact in different ways depending on the overall mood of the fight. (9 total combos. E.g., if enemy is aggressive, it is ok for you to be aggressive (small bonus) or deceitful (bigger bonus), but if you are friendly you get a debuff.)Each of the 9 combos has a different threshold for changing, and changes when enough abilities of a different flavor are used. (E.g., when both sides are ‘friendly’, using a single aggressive ability will change the mood. But when both sides are aggressive, it takes a lot of friendly abilities to change the mood.)Further, you can have specific abilities, items, artifacts, research, or other stuff that gives bonuses or penalties when in a certain mood.There are buffs and debuffs; deceitful talking abilities can give Enraged, Saddened, Terrified (all of which give different penalties, and also can have interactions with items & other abilities/research/etc), and friendly can give mostly buffs (and one debuff): Confident, Excited, and I forget what the debuff is called (makes you more vulnerable to speech attacks).Each character has an attack rating, a speech rating, armor, and speech defense. (And ‘grit’, which dodges all attack types.)So on top of all that, the way you win a combat also matters. If you mostly used one ability type, that is how the combat will resolve. (E.g., mostly used friendly abilities.)This affects what bonuses you get (if any)--different abilities, research unlocks, and the specifics of the encounter can all affect what the bonuses are for different combat endings.Further, your overall reputation is affected by how you typically resolve combats, and this overall reputation can affect how things go when you run into people during your explorations.4) [Expedition] Resource management & exploration: Don’t run out of food or resolve (lives).You can trade resolve for stuff sometimes, but probably shouldn’t. If you run out of food you start getting horrible penalties (like -40% to your attack stat, or to a defense stat).You have to balance how hard you think an encounter will be (and what type of challenges your team is able to overcome) with gaining resources. You want as many resources as you can, but if you have no scientist on your team (there are 4 classes and only 3 characters per team…) then you should probably avoid challenges that will require naturalist/engineer/archeologist perks (though engineer & archeologist can be gotten a bit from other classes).(There are 4 challenge categories, each corresponding to different groups of perks; you can see what challenges there are at a node before you go there.)You can base a strategy around buffing up the resources you gain for overcoming certain types of challenges, then seeking those out. All sorts of stuff you can try :).Anyway, the game is fun and challenging. You should give it a shot.BTW, as to the cons in the most helpful negative review:- Adventurer wheel screwing you over: You have a ton of control over this.a) Avoid nodes where you know your perks don't line up with the challenge typeb) Unlock tools in the preparation research tree (gives a big boost to your % chance to get through)c) Choose perks wisely, equip trinkets to fill in some gaps(BTW, adventure wheel is essentially a %-based way of resolving non-combat stuff. You get a base % chance modified by perks and various other things.)- Boss fights: they can be very difficult if you aren't prepared. But once you know what you are doing I think they are challenging but not unfair/impossible.- Lack of content: Yeah there aren't that many islands yet. But there are so many different events... I'm 8 hours in and I've barely scratched the surface I think. I could replay this a ton.AND they are planning to release more content.I usually buy a game and give it a 2 hour shot, then give it a hard look for whether to refund or not. I hit the 2 hour mark and knew there was no way I could refund this.Give it a shot, its worth the try."
76561197991367839,Recommended,296970,17987587,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,NeutronSoup,"I am really enjoying Renowned Explorers thus far. The combat is simple enough that it doesn't require weeks to understand, but complex enough to offer different challenges depending on your party composition. I've come close to winning a few times, but haven't succeeded yet. Which seems like a great difficulty level for me - I want it to be tough to beat. The strategic game is complex enough that I'm still learning ways to optimize my party, and I'm really looking forward to beating the game, and experiencing the new content that the devs are planning. My favorite thing is how different encounters can have different content depending on your party composition. Try to find the artist who needs a model with Maria in your party. ;-)"
,Recommended,296970,30420698,Posted: 9 March,all,[BRO] o19,"Game-play is sufficiently deep to warrant multiple playthroughs.  The ""you die and start over"" game style is great because it places value on each decision.Very enjoyable, so far."
,Recommended,296970,27547171,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,QuoteRadar,"I, like many, have a Pavlovian weakness for turn-based strategy games. Late into the night, I find myself wondering WHY OH WHY I have been compulsively playing Civilization for hours, when there's hardly a lick of story to care about as you progress and battles are formulaic.Not so Renowned Explorers! I picked up the game primarily for its adventure-explorer narrative; as a person who named their pet rabbit after the leader of the ""Kon-Tiki"" expedition, how could I not? The premise is remarkably well done: it's full of tongue-in-cheek humor and bizarre excursions to exotic locales, vying for the renown of the global exploration community.What really shines about this game for me is the blend of mechanics. First and foremost, the fact that you can choose three different styles of combat for most of your encounters (Friendly, Devious, Aggressive) provides a fun and engaging challenge. Part of the reason I love RPGs is because they offer alternative options to combat such as talking your way out of trouble. Renowned Explorers pulls these approaches into its combat scenarios by providing characters with separate stats for physical combat and ""speech"" combat. Balancing the different strengths of your crew in each encounter makes it more nuanced than just having the biggest guns in the game.In addition to more varied combat options, crew set-ups make this game extremely replayable. You pick three people as your expedition crew, and the characters' different skill sets make each combo play very differently.Finally, this is an adventure game afterall, so strategy elements, while present, don't take up all your time. You can buy gear, perform research, recruit assistants, and give lectures to earn strategic resources. The options available here are enough to impact your expeditions, but they truly are secondary to them.I do have two minor complaints. First, each game ""ends"" before you complete all of your available expeditions. I expect that was done to allow people to complete more playthroughs with different crews and strategies, but it makes the game seem too short and a little incomplete. Yes, you can play the rest of the expeditions on the map after you ""win,"" but you'll be past the point where you can unlock new strategic resources, and a lot of the battles get pretty easy.My second - and again, minor - complaint, is that the character's speech combat animations don't make much sense and add little to gameplay. If I remember correctly, Ivan's ""Terrify"" action always produces a speech bubble of a teddy bear. I guess maybe the idea of a character that burly with a little teddy bear is a bit unsettling, but without actual dialogue, it all gets a bit nonsensical.The annimations for physical combat are much more cohesive. Anna's special attack is particularly cool, and there are 20 other characters with special abilities and differing stats to try out."
76561198068315925,Recommended,296970,25277321,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Fifth Company Captain; Arius,"Definitely worth checking out. I've had a blast with it, and I can change up my playstyle so often with this thing. Each time I lose, I feel like I learned something, like what combos do and don't work, and who works well together."
76561198161138278,Recommended,296970,25308507,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Denis Maddox |OW|,"This is a very good game, but I and many players need Russian Language."
,Recommended,296970,25313965,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Waldridge,"At first I honestly thought this game wouldn't be for me, but turns out I was wrong. WIth so much to do and so much re-play value its hard to complain."
76561198029309288,Recommended,296970,25269746,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,tommypies,"Lots of fun, plenty of replayability, not the most complex or atunning game, but a real gem anyhows"
76561197971019221,Recommended,296970,25269814,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Dugz,Very enjoyable. I like the random elements. This is a pretty good casual game.
,Recommended,296970,25293335,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Syn,"Interesting Tactical RPG.I played through the campaign about 6-7 times, and my most fun playthrough was probably the 3rd or 4th time. It took me some time to understand all the mechanics, which were fun and interesting, but also hard to synergize in a party IMO.The down side to this game is probably just the lack of places to explore. All of the locations are random generated, but the stories are always the same. So you find yourself repeating the same stuff over and over. When I finally realized this, the game became stale. I played it out a few more times, so I could unlock characters to be leaders, but in the end the replayability is pretty bad.In the end I still recommend this game, because it is fun the first few times through, and I think that's worth the On Sale Price.I wouldn't recommend it at its full price though."
,Recommended,296970,25294221,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Blunder Sunder,"What a gem of a game!A bit daunting at first, because there are a lot of systems to learn, currencies etc. But it hs some real depth to it and it's a great theme - not just a skin on a dungeon crawler, but part of its core. Don't let the accessible graphics fool you, this is no toy.It does suffer from the same issue I have with similar roguelikes, in that you can end up spending a lot of time developing your character/s, and end up losing the game pretty suddenly and brutally. But the development works so well in this game that it can't be a complaint - and it gives you enugh difficulty options that you can negate that to some extent anyway.Looks great, very polished, well written.Definitely recommend, and it's a bargain at full price."
,Recommended,296970,27246439,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ErthRath,Lol this game is pretty funHope it gets more updates with more explorers and stuff.
,Recommended,296970,27246398,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,RVWinkle,"This is such a charming and fascinating game. It combines many gameplay elements including turn based strategy, RPG, roguelike, and storytelling into a very tight and balanced package. The game is fairly short but emphasizes replayability like most roguelikes. The adventures and stories varied and have multiple results so you end up seeing something new every time you play. RNG is used pretty extensively but it feels suprisingly fair.The multi layered rock, paper, scissor combat system is very unique and adds so much to the charm you could easily confuse it for a Nintendo game. The story telling is light hearted and silly that it's hard not to smile. The secrets and collection elements are very rewarding as well. The game is challenging but beatable even on the hardest difficulties. There's a large number of difficulty settings so it's even playable If you want to adventure with your kids or just want to experience the stories.The best part of this game is the community. The developers have encouraged community driven weekly challenge events that have brought together the most positive gaming community that I have ever seen. The players are constructive and the deleopers are responsive to feedback. It's easy to get advice from the pros and trolls are delt with in a calm manner.This game is great and the only complaints that I have seen are in regards to the length. If you don't like playing roguelikes that favor replayability then this may not be the game for you. It's also pretty silly so you should consider staying away if you prefer your games violent and grim."
,Recommended,296970,27269095,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Tuxi,Fun game with a clever combat system.
,Recommended,296970,27338272,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,claartsch,This is one of my favorite Games. I love the tactical combat system that allows you to be nice instead of bashing everyones brains in. And the animation when you scare a wolf off is just too adorable :)
76561198065527365,Recommended,296970,27324364,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Echo,One of the best games I have ever played
,Recommended,296970,27323754,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Travelling Matt,"Really unique game. A bit complex at first, but really funny and deep."
,Recommended,296970,27353863,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Arif Arji,this game unique
,Recommended,296970,27346089,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,*Rubs hands in Hebrew*,This game is so good.
76561198006978025,Recommended,296970,27196984,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,DoubleBlinde,"I love this game.  Its deceptively simple systems make the game easy to get into but difficult to master, and oh-so-refreshing in the turn-based strategy genre.  Putting together a party of explorers to see how they combo together (or don't!) has never been so satisfying!"
76561198007374344,Recommended,296970,27199885,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,dragonbloodthirsty,"This is a fun little game of strategy, planning, and story telling.  What stands out to me most is the way the personality of the characters comes through not just in the obvious ""story moments"", but in the way that you can get small bonuses for resolving conflicts in a way that jives with the characters you picked for your party.The tactical element in combat is a little light, but it's still there.  Most of the strategy is wrapped up in the larger game of collecting points, not in the smaller combat mode."
,Recommended,296970,27298825,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,BasiukTV,"Incredibly entertaining game with huge replay value. I'd say, it feels more like single player boardgame rather than a video game.It's a unique mix of many genres. Worker placement (refering to boardgames again), RPG, text-only puzzles are among bigger ones.Can be casual, can be pretty tough to beat. Though, your enemies are kind of cute either way, so losing doesn't feel that bad. Can recommend this game to the kids :)Offers big assortment of distinct characters and strategies to pick from.Anyway, game is awesome and well worth its money, don't hesitate to try it!"
76561198004952121,Recommended,296970,27214643,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MGreyson,"A sleeper of a game that just keeps getting better. Good strategy, clever writing, and an absurd amount of replayability, at this price point you owe it to yourself to try it."
,Recommended,296970,26867388,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Minkus,"If you've ever enjoyed Fire Emblem or Faster than Light, here's a game that combines some of the best elements of both!Hard difficulty: CheckLoads of characters: CheckGood writing: CheckAlso be warned the AI hates you and expect party wipes often when you're just getting started."
,Recommended,296970,26829333,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Don_dumb,Really a lot more depth and fun than it would appear. Doesn't submerge the player from the start like some strategy games and expeditions are relatively quick so you don't have to invest hours at a time (although you might end up doing so)The humour is well done.
76561197964877303,Recommended,296970,26709041,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,LuC4Sh,"Great Game, i did not played a lot,(i get bored fast with any singleplayer game)but I always play some games from time to time.It is a little hard at start I found, but when you got the mechanics it is great fun.It's a replayable game, like FTL if you played this eventually. that means for people like me, I can buy it, I can play several hrs, dont touch it for 6 months, play again some time and it always gives you a fresh impression.you dont need to load a game necessarly , just start fresh , and enjoy a sunday afternoon.For those who played FTL and are thinking about this one, i prefer this one over FTL, it has more game depth in the choices you make and treasures etc to find than FTL. but of cause you dont have spaceship rocket and laser weapons:)lots of characters so that you have a lot of possible team ups for your many retrys.(team of 3)fighting systhem is challenging. First runs i did not understand the mechanics, it can get really painfull...Do not regret buying it."
76561198025738402,Recommended,296970,27025350,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Squidpaste,"I started playing this game shortly after release, and it is one of the few in my steam library that I will keep revisiting. Each time there is new material and hidden gems that I had previously never encountered before. Thepremise is pretty straight forward, in that you lead a small team of explorers as they journey to distant lands looking for relics to prove their mettle as explorers. On the surface, gameplay may seem simplistic, but the depth is there and there is quite a lot of strategy at the harder difficulties.I highly reccomend this game, for about the price of a beer at a bar I was able to get nearly 50 hours and counting of entertainment."
,Recommended,296970,26848832,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,BISON BISON,"I bought the ""More to Explore"" bundle, which I think is the way to go for this game.This is undoubtedly a great game. It has a great visual style, a good combat system, and and interesting levels. It also features a diverse set of interesting characters to choose from, each with their own bonuses, characteristics, and personalities. The interactions of the crew members with eachother and the world around them is fantastic. It is a difficult game, but for the most part when I have failed it felt more like I made a mistake than the game was randomly punishing me. You need to pay attention to what your crew excels at and try to emphasize that, sometimes you do get caught out by having a crew that is no good at a particular challenge you're facing.I'd recommend that after a few playthroughs of the game that you set the advanced options on when choosing your crew, and that you choose the option in the menu to speed up the battle animations (which are nice, but do slow down the battles quite a bit.)Overall this is a very solid game with the first DLC, and I'm looking forward to see what other expansions the devs come up with."
,Recommended,296970,26860938,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,jbneoh,"A lot more people would have played the game and enjoyed it like I do, if only its name isn't so hard to Google."
,Recommended,296970,26878913,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,LordofTurtles,"Cute and clever, it deserves all the praise it gets"
76561198043592356,Recommended,296970,26960712,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Max.Korn,Best exploring game i ever played  10/10
,Recommended,296970,25294918,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Sebastian,"This game is now one of my favorites, even if I don't have that many hours in it as of writing this review!Pros:-Tactical-Different Team Customiztion-Different ways to finish battles-Using emotions to gain advantages-Having a conversation with a wolf or sheep is always fun-Dosen't take much time to do an expedition-Shops to improve your gear-Team captins give extra perks-You have to earn captins instead of just being handed them-Multiple games can be played by simply making another save-Shop upgrades-Research-Perks-Getting followers with influence to help with certain things-These arent even an eigth of the pros-Really cool steam backgroundsCons:-Can be dragged out sometimes-Takes about an hour to speed run one playthrough-Some maps don't have enough supply restocks-Supposed to be randomly generated but its not-The lectures and jobs are preset instead of random gainSo thats the only major things in my opinion.This game is a must have!"
76561197973167403,Recommended,296970,25548271,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Troy McClure,Fun game for the first half dozen or so run throughs.  I found it got fairly stale after that though.  Not a whole lot of replayability.
,Recommended,296970,24414042,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Undadstone,"This is one of, if not the best, rougelike, or even tactical, games I've seen in years.The graphics are simply stunning, the soundtrack is fun and it has so much replay value.Might not be best played on laptops, why oh why must this world be so cruel, but it is manageble.The dev-team is also very responsive and player-interactive which is very helpful if you have some technical difficulties and updates and balances are quite frequent which is also very nice.If you like strategical games with a hint of rouge in them, I'd say: 'go for it'"
,Recommended,296970,25520828,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,cosmonaut,"game's legit, i enjoy it a lot"
76561198255649193,Recommended,296970,20214104,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,RezAllStars,"I had something written out before, but it got lost in the shuffle. Rewriting it now, just shows how much I think of this game :PThe game plays out a lot like FTL with your characters moving through nodes and finding encounters or just picking up the various resources you can use to upgrade things in between expeditions. I find this much more engaging than FTL however as the encounters that you'll find aren't simply based on the roll of a die, but have a Fallout New Vegas style chance to succeed that depends on your party members skills and ability scores adding a bit of depth to how you choose and level up your characters. The types of encounters are widely varied and you probably won't see them all within a couple playthroughs. At 11 hours I still haven't beaten a few of the levels and even within the levels I can breeze through there's still some secrets I haven't been able to figure out (whats the gargoyle statue for o_O)Combat has been mentioned a lot, with a lot of notice given to its presentation. Basically there are 2 types of attack (Speech/Attack) that are in turn seperated into 3 Attack styles (Speech = Friendly/Devious and Attack) The 3 styles have a rock paper scissor effect on each other in that if you're consistently using a style that beats the opponents style you get a global buff or a debuff if you're on the losing side. Neutral means a buff to the winning style although I've not yet seen opponents take advantage of this. Additionally the way you win battles will give different rewards and potentially different outcomes. Attacks also have the ability to buff and debuff your opponents in various ways and I think that' s the general meat of the combat strategy. Overall its a pretty simple system which actually works to the games favor as it keeps the game flowing as combat encounters are just part of the general exploration ecosystem.A couple of nitpicks that I have with the game, visually I love the animations and graphical style. In most cases. In some places its oddly old style flash looking with flat colors and overly simplistic layout like the title screen. The lack of polish extends to other places like when you finish an expedition and you count your rewards, skipping ahead will cause it to pause for a long while, and some of the character suggestions are strange. Like Hildegard being suggested for Friendly and Aggressive despite have no attack skills and a poor regular attack. One larger one is that the combat system has the aforementioned buff debuffs attached to attacks, but enemies can be IMMUNE a buff or debuff and take no dmg from the attack. This can render a char ineffective in whats usually the effective strat. You can still go neutral, but it seems like a weird thing to have.Overall: I find this game reallllllly compelling. like, I should be studying for finals but I'm not, compelling."
76561198205918764,Recommended,296970,25931743,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Toejammer001,"Fantastic game, adictive as all heck. Replayable as well. Dlc adds quite a bit too. Not sure there's any thing quite like it.Buy it if you like that sort of thing, or don't ,what do I care."
,Recommended,296970,25627135,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Pin0,"Choose your own adventure rogue-lite with a feeling of exploring and adventuring like they did in the 80-90s cartoons. Select a crew composed of three characters of which one will be the captain and therefor recieve a unique ability depending on the character. Theres 4 types of characters to choose from all with different strengths, attacks, abilities and all that jazz. The overworld features shops, research and upgradeable entourage for you to aid you own your adventures where you will find treasures, charm locals, research stuff and kill the baddies.The combat is turn based on a hexgrid, featuring a rock-paper-scissor style type of damage you can do. There's enough content to keep you busy and the combat, art and setting is a fresh new setting for us gamers to enjoy."
76561198206383125,Recommended,296970,25724645,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,zetsusbride,"Would unleash a dinosaur on the good people of London again 10/10.I got this game after meeting some of the developers at a game convention, one of the artists was an absolute darling and had a very nice chat with her. So, influenced by being social and thinking 'they deserve my money', I bought the game and did not regret it for a second.Feels like a boardgame, I love boardgamesLovely art, very nicely doneHas a lot of surprises and humorSounds + voice acting is a m a z i n g but it can also be played with music off and watching a show with one eye (multitasking, ay).DLC's really add to the game, campfire addition is lovely.The interactions between the characters is lovely. Would travel the world with a grumpy grandma and a magician child again.It does take a while to get used to the tactics but worth it, I would like more levels/places to explore/more randomized encounters but it is still a very entertaining game that every once in a while I play. Currently sick in bed with the flu and l o v i n g the game once more. I have encountered some bugs that I have not been able to fic yet (screens turning white or black and unable to continue) but I am hopeful this will be fixed soon.9/10 total score."
76561198028928770,Recommended,296970,25628437,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,BigPappaFlea,"Exceptionally cute with plenty of depth, pick up this game for an hour or less at a time. Or binge on it while obsessing over the many combinations of teams and adventures."
76561198051489744,Recommended,296970,25844786,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,astonisher11,Doble layered Rock Paper Scissors more or less with a price is right style wheel.
,Recommended,296970,25912399,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Dean Steakhaus,"A fantastic, original exploration game!  Highly recommended if you're into procedurally generated narrative, or if you want to see a very different take on tactical gameplay."
,Recommended,296970,25563227,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Neverbound,"An elegant twist on turn-based tactics, full of character, delivered by a mindful and responsive indie team."
76561198043434119,Recommended,296970,24607824,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,RockerRollerOutOfController,"I attempted to break into an abbey for treasure.The nuns convinced me to give up treasure hunting and stay with them, forever.10/10"
76561198015238665,Recommended,296970,24711129,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Carolyn,"Very enjoyable.  Easy to sink hours into.  It has great replayability.I like the encounter system and how it's not typical.It's a turned based tactics game that's fun, lightharded and can be played casually or more in depth depending on what your preference is."
76561198068865189,Recommended,296970,24619383,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,NearlyHeadless,My partner and I really love this game! It's really fun to play together and it combines the RPG elements that I love with the exploring and world-building stories that she loves. We highly recommend it.
76561198150342974,Recommended,296970,24449575,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Gal Incognito,"This game is very strategy-oriented, funnily written, cute cartoonlike graphics. Easily one of my favorite games. I bought it randomly and forgot about it, and once I started playing, I got hooked. Tons of achievements! The DLC is also a really good addition and adds more gameplay and isn't just more ""fluff""!"
,Recommended,296970,24648675,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Dead Man,A charming little game that is good for people of almost all ages and skill levels.
,Recommended,296970,26405062,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Slippy,Sheep tried to hug me so I was mean and made him sad. 10/10 would insult sheeps mother again.In all srs bsnss this is a great game with plenty of fun things to do. Pretty similar to FTL but with less bleepy bloopy things. Most of the varations in game run thourghs come from using different parties so experment away!
76561198052727270,Recommended,296970,26409043,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,myhamster200,"This is a very neat game with great replayability. There's a weird glitch sometimes where the game will only let you see a part of the screen during an encounter, but that's the only problem I've had."
76561197987082336,Recommended,296970,26187820,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Darth Kvasir,"Renowned Explorers: International Society, is a very fun game which presents the player with unique ways to solve encounters, during a battle you can kill, trick, or befriend the enemy, each option weighing out with different strengths and weanesses in your campaign, and against each type of enemy.this game also gives you unique explorer's which make up your team, and change how you approch each scenario. This is a game which will have you playing over and over to try out different teams, and different motivations.a great game for everyone! Very fun and compelling every time, great mechanics, and a fun story!10/10"
76561198153743061,Recommended,296970,26317638,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,andyk100,"I won't go in-depth - just a few points that I found to be important in why I like the game.Design:Very fun concept.  Characters are well-designed and help keep replays fresh and interesting.  They have their own stories that unlock through completed playthroughs.  If you are a completionist, you will have fun designing parties with hopes of getting the one or two elusive treasures that requires just the right party to pass the challenges.  The same goes for the steam achievements.Graphics:Many rogue-like rpgs are lacking in graphics, which can be a big turn-off to many people.  It's nice to play a rogue-like with good graphics.Combat/Gameplay:Combat is grid-based.  I love grid-based gaming concepts.  It makes for great strategy.  Characters rely on 3 emotions.  You can physically fight, positively persuade/inspire, or deviously sadden/confuse/frustrate your opponents to achieve victory.In a world where every game follows the model ""kill stuff and get stuff"" - Big Kudos to the designers for creating a game that allows you to win and be rewarded by using means other than physical combat!!!Other than that, the devs and community are actively involved.  Look forward to future add-ons!!"
,Recommended,296970,27646466,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,mOrb_b0,Good
76561198212944543,Recommended,296970,27439871,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Gunnulf,Just a lot of fun
,Recommended,296970,27434912,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Ramzter,"An awesome game with a lot of replayability and some child-like features, but let's not let that bother us."
76561198030812384,Recommended,296970,27589440,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Nightwyvern,"A great game that turns regular RPG combat into something more involved, allowing players to achieve victory by diplomacy, insults or good old fisticuffs."
76561198049796948,Recommended,296970,28266220,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,SykeMun,Form you unlikely team of adventurers to explore the world
76561198012682302,Recommended,296970,28113607,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,btdslayer,"This one of those games that shouldn't be as much fun for as long as it is. A verry simple game with not realy that many different adventures, this game still manages to be a just one more time experience. The art is pleasant, the music is good enough, the system is verry simple. It may not add up but this is probably one of best games of 2015."
76561198008758950,Recommended,296970,27602374,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Hersir,"Fun, funny, and light-hearted.Easy to understand, but with a fair amount of depth, the gameplay is simple yet solid.Fairly light on story, but big on character; the game also has a surprising amount of replayability, due the the fact that you unlock new characters, etc., as you play.A great game for casual fun with you have a free hour or two."
76561197999230682,Recommended,296970,27686843,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Maverick,"A fun, boardgame like game where you gather a band of hopeful, or hopeless, explorers trying to become one of the greatest of all the world.  There are a number of different locations to explore, choices to make, and natives to exploit... Or befriend.  Very enjoyable game."
,Recommended,296970,26341785,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Hupsel,"Awesome strategy game with real time battles. One of the best surprises of 2016, with tons of replayability and cool things to discover in each run."
76561197964250130,Recommended,296970,26689506,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,mbenson,"Flat out amazing game!  Been playing for a year and keep coming back to it.  This is what real games should be, you want to keep playing them over and over again."
76561198093389488,Recommended,296970,28686228,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Mikael,Awesome artstyle. Check!Fun concept. Check!Replayability galore. Check!It's a good game.
,Recommended,296970,23403887,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,reikken,"amazingly goodnot really a roguelike (nor roguelite) though. not sure why it's listed as one. It has more in common with board games.Anyway, really great. Good strategy, good difficulty, lots of character, etc. Also very unique"
76561198029836032,Recommended,296970,23407693,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,ralphwigg,Really happy with this purchase. If you love FTL and don't hate turn-based battles you will be satisfied.
,Recommended,296970,23407810,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Gerlach Shield #TF2SP,"You can have a young British chap as your captain, Argentinian girl straight from a telenovela as your right hand and Ivan as the best ♥♥♥♥ing cook in the whole world. Oh, and also the game is fun and all if you like turn-based RPG with lots of cool elements.Ivan/10"
,Recommended,296970,23408065,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,My_Monkey_Balls,"Very fun game that is turn-based at its roots, bud adds several fresh concepts that keeps you interested not only on battle, but also to the explorer aspect.Revisiting the places with different parties is fun and doesn't feel repetitive, wich works great for the roguelite aspect.Design is solid and catchy. The world is vivid and characters are memorable.Moods and different status are hard to stick, but gameplay runs smoothly anyway.I'm a little upset that the DLC was released along with the game almost at the same price.I would definetly rather buy this cheaper now then comming back later. Maybe if i had some good discount cupon I would buy it ~wink~"
76561198086829163,Recommended,296970,23441489,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,pascal.difolco,"Pretty good game ! A rather casual ""roguish"" RPG in a cartoonish 19-th century Europe featuring explorers !The game has sevral original and fun mechanics, for ""challenges"" (skill rolls) and combat, with a paper-rock-scissors system via ""attitudes"".Background, art and ""ambiance"" are very good.But as the games only has a set number of ""adventures"" (a dozen), replay value is moderate - you can try with different characters/builds/strategies, but will quickly have seen all maps.Some find the game difficult, I did on my first playthrough but when you understand the mechanics it's not hard to win (I won the game and got 3000 renown with my 2nd crew on discovery/normal, without save abuse..)"
,Recommended,296970,23458091,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,adamhunter5,"Great game for the price.  It's relatively simple with the ability to play in short bursts, yet it's never repetitive.  There's some luck involved, but you never feel cheated.  Despite the simplicity of the gameplay mechanics, it never feels easy.  Well worth a purchase, even at full price."
,Recommended,296970,23462570,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Pangur Bán,"Beating up natives by complimenting them or telling them they have dirty underwear or even just straight smacking them with a taser or oar. What's more to want?It's a roguelike elements with options to turn them off if you are a pansy like that. It's got a large group of characters to form a party of 3 with,giving you plenty of options to form synergistic exploration teams. You steal cultural treasure to give to London where they belong. There are loads of treasures to find and loads of achievements to unlock. Each play through is unique enough to kkeep it fresh. There is a delightful measure of strategy in the fights and just enough random luck to keep you on your toes both inside and outside combat. It's a great game with some fun writing and settings. Its lighthearted and silly. Each game isnt too long,maybe 2-3 hours from start to finish which makes it great for a pick up and play kind of game.I'm loving it as my new squeeze when i have free time.If you love light turn-based strategy games with a splash of resource management and just enough randomness {in maps,events,etc} to keep it fresh then you'll love this game. Unless you just had your cultural artifact stolen by some foreign devils. Which by all means....still get this game and do it to other tribes and cultures the world over."
76561198191342741,Recommended,296970,23663375,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,pyroclasm719,"An all around fun game. The classical text based game play is well made and very clearly thought out. Every adventure is different lending the game a unique level of replay value. I've made 4 unique teams and have fallen in love with every one.Great game. Definitely worth the price, expansion and all."
,Recommended,296970,23667367,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Ludu,"> Picked a crew;> Started expedition;> Grab saxon treasure;> Improve crew;> Travel again;> Oh, some nuns have a treasure;> Beat the **** out of them and the abbess and grab it;> One crew member felt guilty;> Transylvania this time;> Dracula wants my Captain (good he doesn't discriminate)...> but no thanks, instead be in my entourage;> But it doesn't even matter, my crew got distracted and is playing with the dogs...10/10 would beat those nuns again xD"
76561198010245842,Recommended,296970,23647031,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,bunbreath,"The replayabillity of this game is immense. I find myself always wanting to find new treasures, make new teams and find new ways to win. What seems like a simple game is amazingly deep and super fun. One of my all time faves."
76561198082501903,Recommended,296970,23558784,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,pandathevampireslayer,"Great game! With most games, I beat it once and think ""Well that was fun. Let's put this back on the shelf."" This game actually gives me a reason to play, and regardless of win or lose start another game!"
76561198000326220,Recommended,296970,23590758,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Lysamus,"A charming, challenging and innovative strategy game that depends a bit on luck, but has enough depth to encourage multiple playthroughs.Stand Out Feature: A rock/paper/scissors combat mechanic which causes moves (both yours and your opponents) to set a ""tone"" for the encounter, which in turn will setup future moves to become more or less powerful.  In conjunction with being able to design your party fairly freely (either maximized to exploit one of these tones, balanced to handle whatever the enemy throws at you, or anywhere in between those two extremes), this encourages experimentation during combat and creates scenarios in which careful considerations must be made.  In addition to tones, both players and opponents might be put into certain moods by moves used upon them (Excited, Furious, Sadness, etc) which function as a conditional status effect that makes certain moves more or less powerful, adding more calcuations into the decision making process during the player's turn.Pros: Endearing art style.  Multiple challenge tiers to provide a tailored difficulty.  A large enough cast of characters (all with their own individual skillsets and level paths) and scenarios to choose from to foster replayability.Cons: Animations become repetitive quickly.  Many non-combat encounters resolved by a % die roll that's not always clearly defined stat wise and will heavily influence your success or failure regarding the overarching goal.Would Recommend To: Anyone whose a fan of turn based strategy games.  Anyone bored of traditional turn based strategy games looking for a twist on the formula.  Lovers of indie games with solid production value or good price/gameplay content ratios."
,Recommended,296970,23803944,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,SV,"Once you get the hang of the mood system, this becomes a surprisingly deep game.  Lots of things to unlock, lots of secrets to find.  Hopefully Abbey Games continues to support it and continues to pump out new expansion content."
76561198025938950,Recommended,296970,19795352,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,acarlson,"Just started playing and the game looks and feels awesome.  There's a slight issue with screens greater than 1920p wide that won't let you select your crew, but windowed down to 1920x1080 works fine.  (Just wish it worked in 5880x1080, sigh)"
76561198028145737,Recommended,296970,17930327,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,GadgetGirlGames,"So I've edited my original review. Originally, I lfelt like it wasn't a full game yet. There are still somethings I'd like to see fixed, but most of what bothred me about the game initially is fixed, and it's a lot of fun.I'd still love to see an option to have it auto-end a turn when you have no more possible actions. Not only does this feel like a time waster, when you realize you need to hit the end turn button, or when you hit it, but because the mood of the battle changed, it didn’t read the input and you have to hit it again, but everyone and then you think you’re done and you skip over someone who still could have acted a moment to late.The latter hasn’t happened to me often, but there are some issues in how the encounters are drawn that can lead to it. First off, everyone and then I’ve lost a character behind a bush or a tree, this is especially bad if the character has been knocked out, and you are trying to find them to revive them, but there is a blurriness to encounters that sometimes makes it hard to tell on the characters that don’t have vibrant colors if they have acted or not.There are a few other interface issues that also make the game frustrating. The arrow that shows you when your character has leveled up isn’t that noticeable, especially with all the other buffs and debuts that sometimes show near the portrait. If you don’t notice before you move to a new location, you can no longer level the character until after that encounter. Also, I was almost 20 hours into the game before I noticed the very subtile tool icon, that allows you to use tools to help your chances on skill tests.It would also be nice if you got to carry over something from a previous game. As it is, you do unlock the option to make more and more of the characters ‘Captains’ which give you various bonuses,  but you get nothing for doing better on one game than another. If you could maybe choose one treasure to carry over with you, that would be great. Especially since the treasures are slightly randomized, and so sometimes you get a treasure that would benefit a Tactician, but if you didn’t create your crew with one, you can never take advantage of it. It would be lots of fun if you got a treasure that your current crew couldn’t use, but you could keep, and then design your next crew around it.But aside from those nitpicks it’s a lot of fun. The characters are great. You have 20 to choose from, and they are extremely diverse. The characters come from all over the world and they each have a flavor to them that makes them exciting. They all feel like they really do have personalities, and in fact, in certain encounters you will suddenly discover that one of your crew has a ‘hidden’ characteristic like being vain or a glutton, that changes your options.The battle, or encounter animations are great. I love that two out of the three play styles are based around talking not fighting, and they’ve put some real thought into it. It’s more complex than a simple rock paper scissors mechanic. For instance if both sides in a battle are friendly, there is a huge bonus to being the first to physically attack. However, actual attacks swing the encounter radically towards the aggressive side, and if you had been hoping for a friendly resolution, you’re going to have to do a lot of work to make up for whoever did the attack. That means that if you’re trying to play friendly, it’s beneficial to keep playing friendly. However, more aggressive groups can sometimes get a one time big bonus by pretending to be friendly and then attacking."
,Recommended,296970,30697730,Posted: 23 March,all,mark.nau,"Interesting exploration turn-based strategy game. A bit more repetitive than I'd like, but the game was solid and playable for many hours."
,Recommended,296970,30513411,Posted: 14 March,all,Marceline,"This game is really fun!  I love the resource management aspects, and the meaningful choices you can make.  The RPG elemements are actual kept fairly minimal and definitely tolerable for a non-RPG oriented player."
76561197970683990,Recommended,296970,29238304,Posted: 13 January,all,Dorque,Amazingly fun.  I played for 20 hours before I won my first game.  Now I pick different crews trying to win different ways and score higher.  The weekly challenges then just keep it constantly replayable.  Absolutely love it.
,Recommended,296970,29177885,Posted: 10 January,all,JERKS XLIV: TELEJERKEN U47,"Granted, I'm not very far into this yet, but... man, this is a neat game. It's nothing overly fancy or sophisticated, of course. But it is great for just sitting back and having a relaxed time. Lots of dynamics to it between chill time and strategy time, too."
76561198073924789,Recommended,296970,28652024,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Lacan,"This is an awesome little rogue like that doesn't eat up hours to play through, and gives you a sense of adventure and immersement. If you want it hard, set it on hard, if you just want to make a Smuggler Captain question his life choices, that works too."
76561198008361598,Recommended,296970,28788676,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,MaY.Firin,"RE:IS is a very original Dungeon Crawler with a very charming style, in writing, in music and in graphic. Every expedition has cool moments and every character you choose for your party has unique abilities, funny animations and personality. The combat system is fun, revolving around a mood-mechanic. I wish there would be a few more explorers and expeditions, but that is a minor complaint. If you like the style and you are up for a somewhat different Dungeon Crawler then this is for you."
76561197996908261,Recommended,296970,28793122,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Yojimbo,Excellent adventure game with a unique conflict resolution system.  Near-infinite replayability due to the hundreds of meaningful choices you will be making each playthrough.
,Recommended,296970,28759476,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Kevin Ryan,That computer game was too short.And that computer game was too long.But this computer game (Renowned Explorers) is just right!Lots of fun!
,Recommended,296970,28764670,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Sulemania,"It's a good, fun roguelike! I appreciate the cuteness and the opportunities for different, nonviolent approaches. At the same time, it's kinda weird how it puts a pretty face on graverobbing, colonialism and such."
,Recommended,296970,28769178,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,GORF,"Renowned Explorers is a really good little roguelike, where not everything has to be solved with stabbing, and exploration is often rewarded with fun events, as long as you don't accidentally run out of supplies. I really do like it a lot.That said, it has some questionable character designs, like painted tribesmen and other broad stereotypes, and you are playing ""explorers"" pillaging native lands and other areas in a cartoony, fun way. So, there are fair complaints But if you can get past that, it really is charming.If you get it, make sure you get the expansion with it."
76561198027102574,Recommended,296970,29019993,Posted: 4 January,all,herakles,"Renowned Explorers is a pretty great game, a really fun roguelike take on the Victorian-era exploration and adventure story.  Interesting combat mechanics, very challenging at higher difficulties, and a ton of replayability."
,Recommended,296970,29049031,Posted: 5 January,all,fruit varnish,<unfunny joke review>
,Recommended,296970,28868052,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,KShao,"I'll admit, I bought the game entirely on the premise and the seductive voice of Edward Tiong. But the gameplay is what truly stuck in my mind. The variety of the game provides is astounding. Each expedition changes based on who you bring, what they learn, and how you choose your path. The fact that you can resolve conflicts non-violently is also nice and very refreshing change.Also, you get to bring a 14 year old girl who will probably be the best damn diplomat/speaker you'll have."
,Recommended,296970,29046053,Posted: 5 January,all,tearfromthered,"This game has a very fresh design with a real sense of ""gentlemen on adventures"". Easy to understand and go through thanks to a great tutorial and UI, but very rich and deep in tactics. Sadly the game is insanely hard even in the easiest difficulty mode so it's not something you'll be able to handle has a newcomer to the genre"
,Recommended,296970,28994617,Posted: 3 January,all,masterchieflegend,"A very enjoyable fun little game.  The only problem is ""little"" - just when I think the game is building to a crusendo and characters are starting to really evolve - the game ends!  It relies on you wanting to go back and keep unlocking characters and cards - which I will do....  because it is FUN.  Will have to try the More to Explore DLC..."
76561198273307370,Recommended,296970,28903624,Posted: 1 January,all,haonian1998,One of the best advanture game i have ever play.
76561198043876765,Recommended,296970,30129656,Posted: 23 February,all,Goom,"What a fun and inventive game!Pros:-The campaigns are quick and fast-Highly addicting, you will always want to beat your last score-Tons of replayability-High amount of character choices and combinations-Really funny and interesting scenarios-Plemty to collectCons:-Not intended to be very long-Wish there were a few more places to explore-Will feel repetitive after a whileThis is absolutely a game to buy for some light casual fun, and it serves it's purpose!"
,Recommended,296970,30127451,Posted: 23 February,all,Mr Hemingway,"Bought this game on a hungover sunday for some casual treasure hunting.Proceeded to do 'one last expedition' till 4 in the morning.Work on monday was a blast...Came home from work, bought the expansion.No regrets.Cool game that really took me by surprise!"
,Recommended,296970,30265071,Posted: 1 March,all,drgolovacroxby,"This is a cool little game that combines rouge-like elements with tactical RPG battles.  The UI isn't as polished at it could be, but the gameplay more than makes up for it.  It's one of those games that you can play for an hour, and then walk away from if need be.  It's pretty difficult, but certainly rewarding.Also in regards to the battle system, I think it's really cool that fighting isn't the only way to solve conflict.  You can get through battles by being 'nice' or 'devious' in addition to just smashing the opponent.  These three techniques are kind of a rock-paper-scissors kind of thing, so be wary of which one you're using for each encounter.I'm only ~12 hours in at the time of this review, but I'm confident that I'll be playing plenty more.  Excellent game!"
76561198030824996,Recommended,296970,30226203,Posted: 27 February,all,towerwizard,"Amazing game! Buy it!It takes the ""dungeon delver"" genre to a truly unique place. If you like rogue-like games, or adventure games, or just want to try something new, buy it!It does rely on reading comprehension, and the many new mechanics perhaps takes a while to master, but it has a good tutorial. Think while you play, and don't be afraid of losing, and you will be fine.Now, it does have some flaws. Most notably, it lacks a real end game. The goal of the game is to get 2500 Renown in 5 expeditions, but if you play the game sort of half-decent, even on harder difficulties, you will get way more than that ( have ended with more than 4000 when playing Iron man mode). Sometimes you get to that amount on 4 expeditions, and if so, the last expedition loses much of its thrills. I was expecting something to happen after the fifth expedition and the end of the game, but no. If you have enough Renown, you win.So, the real challenge of the game is not to gather 2500 Renown at all. The challenge is to survive till the end!The game is still in development, and another expansion is in the works, so perhaps a new end game will be added. Even if not, the game is still loads of fun.Buy it!"
,Recommended,296970,28126418,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Lunatic Underdog,Probably the only game in the world where you can defeat an undead pirate captain by scaring him into submission.
76561198067589042,Recommended,296970,30325518,Posted: 4 March,all,[Llama].Rolap,"Summary- Great surprise. I really like this game.- Like FTL (but better ;-) ) with less randomnes and some usefull features- Easy to learn, hard to master.- To win battle by charming someone is greatPros- Funny- I felt in love with love-insult-attack mechanism. It is quite fresh air in the ""kill everything"" system. Making wolves sad really made my day :)- Easy to learn, hard to master. Despite the fact of ""roulette"", the decisions and optimalization are the key points to victory.- Exactly the right lenght of game- Option to set difficulty (with or without save etc)- Stategic map, sometimes really like chess- Min max optimizationCons- It can be repetitive (not for me so far, but I rather mentioned that)- I would little bit change some UI elements//Edit based on the comment"
,Recommended,296970,30337800,Posted: 5 March,all,'Captain Fantastic,"Fun, light-hearted game. Mechanics are quick to pick up but the game is still challenging."
76561198272319685,Recommended,296970,31259479,Posted: 20 April,all,SilverShoggoth,"Renowned Explorers is a great little game. The stories are cute and fun, and the veriety of characters means no two games are quite the same. The blending of roguelike and rpg elements can get a little frusterating from time to time, but the fun and charm of the game really overpowers any flaws."
76561197998135672,Recommended,296970,31564560,Posted: 5 May,all,Remcycle,Great overall game!
,Recommended,296970,31594073,Posted: 6 May,all,katie98_kt,"A great, very unique game. There's less content than i would have liked, but overall very much like and recommend the game."
76561198008464852,Recommended,296970,31600497,Posted: 7 May,all,baldwingreg,A fun roguelike game. Mix up your team and try different approaches.  Relatively easy learning curve.
76561198126975019,Recommended,296970,31696185,Posted: 11 May,all,wolfinston85,"This is an incredible game, all you need to know is that its a beautiful game made with an amazing ammount of passion, and love, there's a ton of attention put into everything ranging from the aesthetic, which is unique and beautiful, up to the in-game mechanics, it's one of the most original and unique games that i've played in years, it has a massive ammount of depth while at the same time offering an incredible tutorial and a simple presentation that allows you to understand, and take, everything in.It's an absolute masterpiece, and really the only reason why I hadn't bought it in the past I think simply it was because it look too complex for me, but after playing it for a while, and noticing the multiple difficulty levels and the incredible tutorial that explains every nifty and complex mechanic in an excellent, comprehensive, and simple way, i'm just in love with the game.What a joy that games like this are being made, what a joy that games like this still exist."
76561198068769779,Recommended,296970,31768388,Posted: 15 May,all,RADN3CTAR,Refreshing Strategy/RPG-ish game.The game is super fun to play and has suprising strategic depth.
76561198055377422,Recommended,296970,31777349,Posted: 15 May,all,Baron Von Fabulous,"Fun game with a nice playful asthetic, pleanty of ways to play and strategies to try. There are a wide selection of characters who all play differently and actually have personality traits and unique interactions with encounters from time to time. The 'hidden' characteristics make it all the more interesting- example, having a greedy character in the party will occasionally force you to choose gold rather than study, or a pragmatic character will see the positive side to what would otherwise be a negative and gain a buff for the team. Small things like that really add to the replayability- I seriously just found out after 124 hours that one character has a sister who gives a great free gift if encountered. Just as I was starting to get a little bored with it, The Emperor's Challege DLC came out that offers a totally new way to play the game, which I am loving so far."
76561197992126068,Recommended,296970,31784151,Posted: 16 May,all,neosreaper,-Good risk/reward system-Heaps of unlockables and collectables-Many options to allow you to play how you want.-Great gameplay loop that never leaves you feeling like your not making progress.-Every character has their own story and mysteries around them.-Its hard but never unfair-Devs are active and add quite frequently to the game.-Over 100 hours on record and every run just makes me love it more; I know this will be a game i play for years.
,Recommended,296970,31833713,Posted: 18 May,all,pressure,An unsuspectingly complicated game with exceptional replay value.Winning is satisfying.
76561198027617691,Recommended,296970,31832772,Posted: 18 May,all,Roadtrip Warrior,Good fun game to kill a weekend with
76561198015651530,Recommended,296970,32013879,Posted: 28 May,all,STFU NOOB,"It's a charming sort of game that asks you to spend an hour learning it so you can spend many in turn failing at it.For RPG and strategy, it sure harmonizes what makes both diverse gameplay-wise."
76561198109017734,Recommended,296970,31997858,Posted: 27 May,all,Turtle Barstool,"Bought this with the DLC/Expansions and the Devs other game for $23. It is worth that price I think. I am glad I did not pay full price because I am cheap, and because after about a week of play I feel like I got $20 worth of fun out of it. Like the other more detailed reviews say the combat is rock-paper-scissors style and each attack generates an emotion from the enemy which effects how strong different types of future attacks are. Seems simple, but can be quite challenging. The game is also deceptive because the art style looks like something you'd get while playing a phone app. The expeditions start to finish take me about 3 hours each, maybe a bit longer if i am struggling.The best way to describe it is think of the game like a choose your own adventure book. It is a lot of somewhat random story elements that you select and try to overcome. I like that kind of thing, but I could easily see people not liking it becasue they expected more action. After 20 hours of play, for me, it seems like this is the type of game you obsess about for a little bit when you have some free time, but not enough for a more indepth game, or if you are like me and play Path of Exile it is a great way to pass time while you wait for content updates/between leagues.So if you are into choose your own adventure stories and turn based strategy games this may be a game you try as well. Try to get it on sale though."
76561198025176317,Recommended,296970,32111186,Posted: 1 June,all,beltsquid,"This game just exudes charm with its whimsical, freewheeling adventures and approach to character.  Despite the relative short length of any one campaign, no two adventures are exactly the same and I found myself coming back for more just to see if I could pass a skill check that I failed before, and what would happen if I did?Simply moving across the various maps and encountering the little stories+skillchecks is fun enough for me in itself, but it is also a tactical RPG and in that the game excels more than I was expecting. The novel approach to tactical gameplay in Renowned Explorers is incredibly interesting--instead of focusing on, say, weapon types, encounters revolve around setting and reacting to the mood of the battlefield.  In addition to the challenge of making sure you use the right kind of action to set the mood to give your party a potentially life-saving speech buff, you're also trying to make sure that the overall mood of the battle resolves in a way to net you particular rewards.  It's a lot more complex than I gave it credit for at first, and quite addicting.This is a gem of a game that's fun and entertaining at any skill level."
76561198030775494,Recommended,296970,32141722,Posted: 2 June,all,Arkatreides,"After sinking 75 hours into this game I feel it deserves a review.I had seen this game on my 'recommended' list for a while but was put off by the cartoonish and casual look. When I finally got it during a steam sale a few weeks ago I wasn't expecting much but felt I would get a dozen or so hours out of it before it became stale. My first few runs were indeed fairly standard casual fare. By the third run I had beaten the game (a lucky run) and felt I had seen everythiing this game had to offer. I was convinced that it would be shelved along many of the other games that once beaten I would never return to again.That's when I saw the weekly community challenge. I was intrigued, especially when I saw the huge scores some people managed to submit. I was miles away from those score and couldn't immediately understand how people did this. So I went back and started to analyse the game mechanics in more detail. And that's when I realized that below the casual look was a very deep and complex game with many interlocking components. To get one of those high scores you had to understand those relationships and plan ahead. Both character development and resource management were important and balancing short-term vs long-term advantages was key. And most of all I started to realize that while luck and randomness do play a role, good preparation could mitigate this to a degree where it never became frustrating. My next few runs were all focussed on maximizing my chances of succeeding in challenges, starting to get a feeling for what perks would be best suited for which expeditions and events and which resources were best to invest in for each playstyle.What strikes me the most is that despite the fact that the same challenges and events come up after a while it never really feels repetitive. At each point there are real and meaningful decisions to be taken. I cannot quite put my finger on it but there is something here that means that each run feels very different. And going back to the community challenges, those are a great way to keep the game fresh, forcing you to approach the game slightly differently.The combat too is quite well thought out, mixing both standard turn-based tactics with a attitude management system that again looks simple on the surface but is actually quite deep once you understand the mechanics. A seemingly overwhelming encounter can be beaten by shifting the mood to constantly keep an advantage over the opponents.I don't have the expansions yet, I hear they add a lot to the game, allowing even more options and advanced strategies, but even after 75 hrs I still have enough fun with the base game that I don't feel I need them yet.10/10 - Would impress Sheep again!"
,Recommended,296970,32214551,Posted: 5 June,all,ninjaPlease,"Just the right level depth, just the right level of casual. A serious game that still feels light weight. I've been searching for something like this for a while. I wish it were on my phone."
,Recommended,296970,32281040,Posted: 8 June,all,крестоносец1337,"Pros:Charming, pleasant, whimsical, and frustrating atmosphereExcludes vulgarity and profligacy to an almost complete degree, censoring profanityColourful cast of interesting characters, allowing you to make a team fitting your playstyleBranching technologies, equipments, and paths allow you to utilise a variety of strategiesJust the right blend of strategy and chance to allow variation without being unfairCampfire stories add a new layer of strategy, content, and depth to the charactersIncludesDINO WRESTLINGYou can burn heretics and plunder their richesYou can convert said heretics and take all their tosh anywayYou can break said heretics and takethemas well as all their toshExposesCharles Darwin as a scientific fraud and a vulgar apostate(and his diminutive stature)The above. Abbey Games. Aristotle. I see it... now I wish we had a missionary for a character.Charming sense of humour most of the timeCollecting treasures now has selectable bonuses, which will allow you to plan your dastardly deedsCons:Not enough of it. I want MORE stories, MORE expeditions, MORE characters, MORE EVERYTHING!!!Restricting variety of equipment and strategies in combat. You must focus on gold if you're going to buy the best armsOn the above, one idea I have is perhaps status could get you good equipment as giftsAnd maybe research could allow you to forge good equipment yourself.Once again, if you focus on gold enough to get the good items, you probably come up short on everything elseSpace Jawas (alright fine, maybe mud Jawas)Give me one good reason why I shouldn't BLAM the living hell out of every demon I see.Research slows WAY down towards the end, so if you don't grab the important perks early, good luck getting them.No missionary character. How come only the Abbess can use the holy teachings, hm?No conquistador character. We need to conquer, building-and-loan pal! Plus, I would appreciate my ancestry in this game.Hmm... a banker character wouldn't be bad at all...Is there an actual hunter in this game? I don't think so...How about a good ol' miner or well-digger? The possibilities are endless!Overall, 10/10. I would have my children play this."
76561198166110064,Recommended,296970,32659167,Posted: 22 June,all,Porkchopexpress,"I keep coming back!This game is fantastic if you really enjoy an ambitious game. This game allows you to optimise your team in several different ways. The combat is somewhat confusing for a newbie; however it is different and fresh. It has a board game like feel to it, but you learn that you quickly can create your own odds if you are clever. There is not too many options for levels to play: I guess they all are pretty large and all.I enjoy this one. I replay it pretty often also."
,Recommended,296970,32719711,Posted: 24 June,all,Dan,"The first game i actually liked entirely, including it's tutorial. Very fun and addictive. Also very healthy challenging at some dificulties, instead of common rage inducing stuff you get out there.Nice replayability, cool crew combination.Encounter System (combat or not) is very impressive and innovative.I'm enjoying every bit of it and want to get every achievement too!"
76561198077252895,Recommended,296970,32835952,Posted: 26 June,all,Glauber,I really like this game.It's like xcom just a little bit.
76561198133654915,Recommended,296970,32841549,Posted: 26 June,all,DarkRedWolf,Very Good 9 of 10
76561198017957053,Recommended,296970,32881164,Posted: 27 June,all,worldjody,"The game is similar to our life. We set goals and try to achieve them. However, we might face risks and choices during the endeavour of getting goals. Therefore, we have to tackle rise and make choice. This game helps us to experience life."
76561198088213774,Recommended,296970,33083125,Posted: 1 July,all,spots2012,"I've played 102 hours, so this game must be doing something right.It's a turn based group RPG adventure game. Think turn based combat, and dice rolling for risks and rewards during the adventure.I wish the game had more content - more places to explore etc. It feels like it quickly gets quite repeative."
76561198285453059,Recommended,296970,33705328,Posted: 21 July,all,Nostariel,"Incredibly fun and and absolutely addicting game. Getting used to all the game mechanics might take a little bit to get used to and require few failed expeditions at first. Once you get the hang of it, you'll quickly find yourself immersed, especially if you love strategy games set in a light-hearted and charming universe. Hours of wonderfully amusing entertainment await you!"
,Recommended,296970,33554571,Posted: 15 July,all,Mesimies,"The monk seems unimpressed.""Git gud, scrub."""
76561198145048832,Recommended,296970,25291380,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Wiederen,It has alot for you to do.
76561198012579513,Recommended,296970,33481726,Posted: 12 July,all,Fikolaz,Great game! Best exploration turnbased game i have ever played.
76561198068823668,Recommended,296970,33466309,Posted: 11 July,all,Metsakeijju,A great and surprisingly deep game. I really like the characters and exploring. Now I just want more expeditions to discover :P
76561198035561995,Recommended,296970,34592658,Posted: 29 August,all,FolcaNight,"This is a really charming game with a surprisingly deep level of strategy.  Giving the player the option of resolving conflicts peacefully, cunningly, or through open hostility feels less like RPS than in most games that use this mechanic.  These choices are presented in a much more thematic context that can have an impact on overall gameplay beyond choosing what's most convenient in the moment.  The game is short, but there's plently of content to provide replayability.  I find myself going back often in an attempt to top old scores.  There are also online challenges on a regular basis.  It should appeal to players of squad tactics games, roguelikes, and anyone who enjoys themes of exploration without taking their games too seriously."
76561197972175314,Recommended,296970,33999073,Posted: 3 August,all,Shrugged,Very unique and creative exploration game. It has a multitude of customizability and replabability.Recommended for anyone looking for a new spin on a survival/rpg/adventure game with a background in economics.
,Recommended,296970,34161416,Posted: 10 August,all,Chocolate Cheddar,Very fun. It's got an interactive fiction feel until you break into a strange combat system I am still terrible at. The exploration of the areas is somewhat similar to FTL.
76561197963852846,Recommended,296970,34234272,Posted: 14 August,all,Finger,"For $20 not a bad deal considering the hours of entertainment, Very interesting concept. The whole game! I have 24 hrs in and am still somewhat confused why I die early on while playing on normal difficulty even though I THINK I understand it. Thats one of the things I like cause as soon as I do figure it out, it will open up even more. Kind of like getting a new music album I think, at first you don't like it much but ends up being your favorite. Lots of depth here imo. Good art, very professionally done all the way around.Not a simple game you learn play and just forget about. Maybe YEARS of entertainment here!"
,Recommended,296970,34686648,Posted: 2 September,all,NattyboyZ,"Digital board game with a lot of replayablity.I think it take around 30 mins per game.I like on how they create combat system and scenario that ,you have to think around what you can do with your starter characterbecause everyone have their own perk.It gave me decent fun, I think it worth the price."
76561198086825228,Recommended,296970,34944570,Posted: 14 September,all,shahamaster,This one is an absolute gem. Deserves more recognition. I just can't get enough of it.
,Recommended,296970,35186554,Posted: 24 September,all,charissa1404,"This game is really a game I always come back to.The beginning can be hard. Make sure you remember that:Friendly beats deviousdevious beats aggressiveagressive beats friendlyAlways end your combat in a mood that gives the best reward. (the green X, or most tokens)I feel kinda bad smacking friendly sheep, but a renowned explorer has to go where he must.More to explore DLC adds interesting campfire stories. You can get good friendships among your crew, or they hate each other. Even hateful relations strengthen the crew which you need to beat Rivaleux.The emperor DLC is also interesting, you can experience expeditions in another way.I just wish there were even more lands to explore"
76561198049000198,Recommended,296970,35248051,Posted: 27 September,all,AlbinoWino,"I really, really enjoy this game.It forces a bit of a learning curve on you before the ""Aha!"" moment when all of the pieces finally fall together.However, once you're comfortable with everything, then there's a lot of fun to be had. Over and over again...Great game with a lot of replayability and charm to spare.Highly recommended!"
76561198007388328,Recommended,296970,35408478,Posted: 2 October,all,Nelis,"This game is good, very good.To start of this game is about exploration. Each game consists of 5 expeditions. After each expedition you can buy, research, expand entourage and a handful of other things to boost your expedition.Its also a RPG, you must select 3 predefined characters to go out and explore with 1 being the captain who has his own set of cpt attributes. Your characters gain skill, interact among themselves and the world they explore.The gameworld is cartoon style with a good sense of humor in it. Expect to be laughed at by hyenas, spitted by Lamas or teased by  monkies to name a few.Combat is not all about physical. You can play agressive friendly or devious. Then there is the overall mood of the battle and charachter moods to keep an eye on. This mood system gives bonuses or weaknes and has a big impact on the outcome. It does take time to get familiar with.The reason why this game is good: its so deep and rich of stategy features its a real challenge to play. Constantly the game challenges you to make decisions and without proper planning you will fail, a lot.  But, This is one of the few games where failing is not a bad experience. It motivates to try again and apply a different strategy.A few cons. The learning curve is a bit steep, and you will probably buy all DLCs.Overall, recommended for strategy and RPG gamers."
,Recommended,296970,35478003,Posted: 4 October,all,dancingmanatee88,"This game is pretty awesome. Like other reviewers have said, it's quite sophisticated mechanics. It starts to get a bit repetitive after a few play throughs, but it's just different enough to be interesting every time. It's not really a game that I binge on or play multiple times in a row, but it is one that I frequently come back to whenever I'm looking for something fun to play."
76561198067052382,Recommended,296970,25318062,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,DarknessOrLight,"Turn based tactical RPG with base management. Colorful and humorous, yet filled with tactical depth. Has about 20-30 hours of content before it starts getting repetitive, so I'd say buy it on sale. Very fun.EDIT: It actually has great replay value. It seemed repetitive as I was binge playing, but after putting it down and picking it up a few more times, especially with the weekly community challenges, I've found this is one of the games I come back to the most. Highly recommended!"
76561198030845208,Recommended,296970,35509318,Posted: 5 October,all,bishopmonkey,An excellent turn-based strategy with a lot of careful sequence optimization. High replay value.
