user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,297130,15434777,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Kharnedge,"It's a pretty good proof of concept. When does the full game come out?I'll explain. The entire game is boss fights, but there aren't a whole lot of them. The only other gameplay element is wandering around a small world looking for bosses, which is just filler in an already exceedingly short game.To their credit, the designers did well with the combat mechanic used. Unfortunately, they definitely started to run out of ideas. Some of the bosses are completely reliant on quickly hitting a small target in a split second opening, with attacks to avoid before you get the chance to do so.The game also felt incomplete right from the start. After defeating every boss an over-the-top animation is played in which you absorb its soul, power, whatever. This does nothing and serves no purpose. It leads me to believe that it was supposed to do something, but the developers either ran out of time or didn't know how to make use of it. There is no character progression.There is one moment of story in the entire game. Interestingly, it hints that by killing the Titan Souls you will gain knowledge or power, but as stated in the previous paragraph, nothing happens when you kill a boss.The music is exceptionally strong, and is probably the strongest part of the entire game.The quality of the artwork is high. The water and lighting effects are quite impressive, however the aesthetic is generic and uninspired. Though this is largely subjective, the main world has a standard overgrown monolithic theme, with an even more generic forest, lava cave, and frozen area. The open world aspect of the game again seems like it was intended to be something more, but somehow ended up as an afterthought."
76561198040367630,Not Recommended,297130,15370677,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Wolfman,"Let me be completely honest.  I can tolerate hyper difficult games.  I enjoy them for the most part.  But when I see poor game mechanics implimented in games, I have to be honest and explain WHY they are poor choices.  At the time of this review, I have now not only completed the game on normal difficulty, but I have done the new game+ (HARD) version.  To this point I am going off my experiences through the entire game, including the last boss fight.This game is difficult, there are no beans about that.  Unfortunately, alot of the difficulty is not based on the challenge alone.  It is a game that tries your patience, over your skill (I will explain this in a bit).  These are reasons why I feel that I cannot unilaterally recommend this game, and I have to give it a thumbs down.  It is clearly not for everyone, and in more ways that one, I find that it is not entirely enjoyable for me, especially not for the price tag involved with the game (15 American Dollars).So that being said, lets break down what the game does right:1)  The graphics: THe game looks good.  The pixel art is fun, and enjoyable.  The style is fine, and the world looks good.2) The sound:  The sound effects are not an ear sore.  They are appropriate and engaging, so no complaints there.  The music is excellent, and one of the reasons to pursue the sound track.  With an exception of some odd choices (one of the bosses has a ""metal"" sounding rock anthem, which is distinctly OUT OF PLACE with the rest of the game.  Not a bad piece of music, just seemed out of place in my opinion.3) Gameplay: What you get in this  title is a solid two button experience, that ends up being a remarkably solid experience (bad and good)  If you can stomach is the problems with the game, you will be treated to a very stable experience.Now those three things are not inherently bad, and can lend you to an fun time.  The problems with the game however, outway these good things.  So lets dig into what I have problems with.  Understand, that while this may seem nit-picky, I will argue that it is not.  The things that this game does wrong, are damn near game breaking in their simple essence.1) Your one method of attacking in this game renders you immobile, as does your button activated retrieval of your weapon.  This game is all about mobility.  The bosses are relentless in their assaults, and you need to keep moving to prevent getting killed.  Now, I understand that the game is designed with this problem in mind, but that does not change the fact that the problem is a problem regardless.  From a design perspective, there is no reason NOT to allow movement while charging your attack to release, nor is there a legitimate reason to prevent movement while retrieving your weapon.  This ""freeze and charge your weapon"" mechanic is out dated, and serves to add a ""frustration"" element to the games difficulty, as opposed to legit skill based difficulty.  Again, don't get me wrong, I understand that the timing is technically skill based.  The bottom line is that this mechanic is largely frustrating, will probably be the #1 cause of deaths in the game, and really should have stopped being used in games a long time ago.  Unless the characters weapon is an English Longbow that requires him to take a knee to fire (which NONE of the concept art would alude to), there is no reason he cannot walk and draw the bow at the same time, even if it slows his movement down.2) There is absolutely NO reward system for this game.  There is no player growth.  There is no score, there is no story.  There is literally NOTHING that motivates the player to do what they are doing beyond the simple idea of trying to do it faster than you did the last time.  (achievements do not count in this regard, I know they are there, but I am talking about the core game not tacked on challenges for bragging rights.)  This is great for speedrunners, but no so good for pretty much EVERYONE ELSE, especially considering the game (on the easiest difficulty) requires frame perfect execution of technique that spans a window of .65 seconds to actually terminate a boss in some cases.  Having trouble with an annoying boss?  There is no way to out level the challenge, and no way to give you any more advantage beyond continuing your struggle and hoping that the cards finally fall into your favor during the fight so you can get the perfect kill.  This cripples the games accessability to a large portion of an audience that would otherwise play this game, much less pay the 15 dollar initial asking price.  Part of the challenge is identifying the way to beat a boss... the rest of actually managing to pull off what is required to do it.  The game is also at least 20 minutes long from start to finish.  While the lack of complexity is actually refreshing in a way, I unfortunately feel the impact on my enjoyment alot more due to the other issues with the game, like... -3) This game instantly kills you.  There is no health bar, when you are hit you are dead.  Now this in of itself is not a bad thing.  This is a great mechanic, especially when the same thing happens to the bosses when you hit their weak spot.  What hurts this mechanic is the lack of ability for the character to just instantly repeat the fight.  Under most situations in the game, the save point is close to 45 to 1 and a half minutes away from the boss.  Now this may seem quick and trivial, but understand that it is possible to die in some bosses within 5 seconds of the boss fight starting.  This adds up, and not in a good way.  One concept to understand in level design, and gameplay, is that of ""Player morale"".  You want your player, despite difficulty, to keep pressing forward to try and overcome the challenge, without driving them away.  This game has no concept of this reality.  There were several boss fights that I initially found fun, but after spending close to 15 minutes TOTAL in walking from the save to the boss in between fights, I found that my entertainment was wearing thin.  There are so many other games before this one that have shown the proper way to do this (including Shadow of the Collossus) that I do not understand WHY they decided to impliment this annoying delay in progress.In closing, I can forgive the ball busting, totally devestating frame perfect difficulty that this game's normal mode offers.  I can even find myself enjoying it.  I find it cool that there are other modes to unlock after you manage to complete the game including a harder new game plus, among other modes to extend your game time.   I am, however, a mixed bag of opinions, because part of me finds the rest of this game fun, and there really are only three major problems that are holding this game back from greatness.   I doubt the game will ever be patched to fix these issues, and should by miracle, the developers actually take advice and fix the problems, I will be willing to re-visit this review.  As it stands though, this game is not only, not for everyone, but I find that I am hard pressed to even recommend the game to fellow hardcore gamers like myself.  The game mechanics are just that, the game is designed around them, and if you are willing to ignore, and or cope with them like I am, then you may find something enjoyable in this game.  But like it or not, just because you design a game around bad game mechanics, does not make those game mechanics any less annoying and terrible.  Gold plated poop is still poop.  The devs had me excited for this game for quite some time, and watching people play the game who have overcome the limitations can be very fun to watch.  But playing the game is a whole different story, and I can only recommend investing in this title when it is for 5 american dollars or less."
,Not Recommended,297130,15368268,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Geen,"This game feels more like a proof of concept rather than a full game. The game only contains bosses which makes it feel like a boss rush version of zelda with the difficultly setting turned up.Titan souls has amazing boss designs and themes. The OST is relaxing while tense at the right moments and a decent background noise to your conquest. The combat is straight forward and punishing for any mistakes.However this is in constrast with the overworld. There are only two or three spots where you need to interact with the overworld to find a boss (one of which being figuring out the map layout aka Zelda lost woods puzzle). There are a few ""hidden"" pathways that lead to shortcuts or hidden artwork. The game gives you zero reason to ever backtrack to an area so once you've finished killing the areas bosses which range from 2-3 in an area you never revisit the area.There are only a few mechanics in the actual gameplay. Only a few bosses need to be killed in a special way while the rest are shoot in the butt/eye.I would gladly pay 60$ for fleshed out version that contained actual puzzles, overworld enemies and powerups. Currently it only took me 3ish hours to complete and I don't feel inclined to replay using any of the extra modifiers.Overall a decent experience but not worth 15$. Wait till a steam sale at 5$."
76561198031702354,Not Recommended,297130,15369427,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Quantatic,"Despite the fun aspects of this game, it was overall a dissapointing experience. While it certainly was hard, and had interesting and thought provoking music/artwork, overall it felt very lacking. For the 15 dollars this game costs(13 for me because I preordered it), you will not get very much out of the game, and what replay value it does hold is packaged into some ""game modifiers,"" which are really just a gimmicky way to get you to replay the game(no rolling, slightly more difficult bosses, etc.). The most frustrating thing about this game was not the bosses, but rather the extremely frustrating speed at which you move. Even with rolling, certain bosses will take at least half a minute to reach, just to be beaten in 5 seconds over and over again.In addition to the frustrating movement mechanics, much of the fighting is just repeating the same thing over and over again until you get lucky enough to time the arrow exactly correctly. Much of the exloring is just walking around in circles at a incredibly slow speed until you find the right direction to go, and then hold down an arrow for 2 minutes so that you can walk up stairs. If you really enjoy boss figts, I would suggest looking into this game and perhaps buying it when it is on a steam sale. For those who looked at this game and thought that it would be awesome because of the artwork, etc., then I would reccomend rethinking buying it, and if you do buy it, do so when it goes on sale. Overall, not a particularly bad game, I am just a little dissapointed with the lack of content. 7/10."
76561197962815814,Not Recommended,297130,15393435,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,your mother,"Completed it in normal mode in 5 hours and around 1.5 hours with some hard mode bosses.The game is not technically hard to beat. What makes it hard to beat is the fact that the controls sucks balls. Why in the flying ♥♥♥♥ nuggets was there no mouse control? Forget about the keyboard controls. They are HORRIFIC.  Yeah I got a gamepad for MK X, Binding of Isaac and this, but it is the first time I have ever used a gamepad since SNES days and  I am just struggling with the controls and sensitivity more than anything else. I am just not a gamepad person honestly and that sucks. If you are very comfortable with a gamepad , sure I guess you might find the game's ""difficulty"" reasonably enjoyable but if not, you are just going to have a very frustrating time with it.More developers should give gamers options in the way they want to play their game."
,Not Recommended,297130,15371395,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Lazy Shell,"It's quite good, in terms of quality. I really enjoyed the boss fights as bite-sized challenges, like a sudden-death Zelda boss rush. The art is simple, but very effective and consistent, and everything runs well and plays smoothly and responsively, as expected. I give it a ""wait for a sale,"" though, since there are two major problems I have with the game that make it not worth buying right now:1) There are 18 titans in the game (thanks Hazmatt) and if you beat them all before finishing the game you get one more secret fight. YMMV but for me that translated to less than two hours total (final time was 1 hour 54 minutes), at least half of which was walking around the surprisingly large, totally empty landscape. Also, unless you want to try challenges like a no-death run or a no-roll run, there's very little replay value, which is to be expected, but which would have been helped if the actual content was more robust. And no, unlike SotC, you can't replay fights from dead bosses for a time trial or just for fun. In addition, there's very little story, and what is there is highly abstract and vague, which is intriguing, but at the same time again diminishes its content. When all's said and done, for $15 it's just not enough value. For $10, maybe, but even that's stretching it.2) The interface is minimalist, which is nice, but it also removes crucial information in a game like this. Namely, when your roll delay is up. If you roll, you can't roll again for a period of time, but in order to know that period of time, you just need to memorize and get used to it. In a tense fight, it can frequently feel like you got cheated into a death because your roll wouldn't respond. An audio cue or something would have eliminated that issue."
,Not Recommended,297130,15389058,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Hazmatt,"This game is fun, but not nearly worth the price tag. Don't buy for more than $5. My first play through took me 2 hours and honestly all time spent past then was more to retroactively justify my purchase then becuase I actually enjoyed replaying it with difficulty modifiers.Good:A refreshing spin on game structure.Great visuals, music, and atmosphere.Simple intuitive combat.Bad:Simple intuitive combat. The enemies become slightly more elaborate, but the combat stays the same from the first encounter to the last. It really needs more evolution.All enemies are bosses, but most are killed by a single hit, and the rest by a very short sequence of hits. I beat a fair number of them in my first three tries. The rest I figured out how to beat within my first few tries and just took much longer to pull off.Short. Very short.Really this game is just too empty. I bought it on a whim and though I enjoyed it, had I known the play-time I wouldn't have made the purchase."
76561198060117717,Not Recommended,297130,15408996,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,twpe,"First off I should say that I think this is a very good game for what it is. It is a boss fight game (there are no common mobs; only bosses) with minor exploration elements, and very simple (yet solid) mechanics. The boss fights (the core of the game) are quite varied and interesting. There are a couple bosses hidden away to find as well (well only one is really hidden). The pixel art suits it very well and the music is good (although you have to intentionally drag out boss fights to hear most of it in game).Also keep in mind that despite the simplicity of the gameplay, the difficulty may deter people looking for a more casual experience.I just cannot recommend it based on the current price tag ($14.99 USD). There is some replayability in the unlockable modes (mainly the iron man mode). You can get maybe 30 minutes worth of extra fun by secret searching and unlocking the secret mode as well. There just isn't enough content outside of a couple replays to justify the price. I personally wouldn't value the game at more than $8 USD.The main factor in how long the game takes to complete is player skill. You can complete the game in less than 20 minutes (and even get an achievement for it). Even if you do everything possible in a single playthrough it can still be done in less than 40 minutes. If you die a lot the main game will probably take about 4 hours.For achievement collectors the only time consuming achievements would be the iron man achievments. These could take quite a long time to achieve due to the difficulty of staying alive in the game.I should point out that some of the achievements can be be quite fun if you enjoy a challenge. I especially enjoyed the bomberman achievement. Though, I felt like an idiot for not figuring it out sooner. If you enjoy hunting challenging achievements and intend to spend a lot of time trying to clear iron mode, then you should factor that into whether or not the price tag is right for you. You will get a lot more playability out of this game than those of us who don't care about achievements that much. It may even be worth $15 USD.The game has no character progression outside of unlockable modes (one of which is a character regression). Because of this, the unlockable hard mode has no reason not to be unlocked at the start of the game (outside of the developers wanting to artificially extend replayability).I should point out that things like unlockable hard modes negatively affect my view on a game (only justified when the hard mode is intended to be a NG+ scaled experience with character progression E.G. Borderlands or Phantasy Star Online). Do not lock away difficulty modes behind conditions, developers! A player should have the right to make the game as challenging as they want right from the start.I did enjoy the game despite the reasons above. If the price goes down or you find it on sale I highly recommend you give it a shot. I just cannot advise you to buy it for more than 8 dollars (USD)."
,Not Recommended,297130,15384469,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Arcade,"Don't get me wrong, the game is by no means bad in any way, but it's not my sort of thing. There were a few things about the game I honestly really quite like, but there's a few things that really irk me. To describe the game in general, think of Shadow of the Colossus, but Boss Rush form.I think one of the best things about this game is the concept and designs of the bosses I've faced so far. They seem to be well designed, and innovative. And the idea that you have one arrow, and one arrow alone, is pretty cool. You have to really take care with your shot. Miss and you'll have to call it back, which leaves you exposed, or you run to pick it up, if it hasn't landed somewhere out of reach. It made me feel like I needed to be more disciplined with my shots in order to beat the boss I'm facing. On top of that, the controls feel nice and smooth, not very clunky, which makes fighting each boss more fun. On top of that, I really love the music. So far the music definitely fits each area and boss pretty well, and it seems to be really good to match the pacing of the fight.However, on the flip side, the game feels... Lacking. You literally have to travel to each boss room, and fight the boss. You get a flashy cutscene of getting their soul, and then that's it. You just proceed to the next room. There's no sort of ability gain from it, no sort of achievement, it's over and you move on. I'm the type of person who likes the feeling of knowing I achieved something useful for defeating a tough boss, to help me improve my character for late game. On top of that, there's no regular enemies. Now, I can understand if that was deliberate, but the area I'm in could have potential to have some enemies lurking around until I defeat the bosses of that area. Just to keep me on my toes.I'm going to continue with the game, and try to complete it at least once. Although I can see that it has serious potential, it's just not for me.TL;DR, Bosses are pretty awesome so far, but doesn't feel like beating them was worth the amount of deaths and re-running to the rooms. You may want to wait until this game goes a little cheaper."
76561198038931433,Not Recommended,297130,15400280,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Loçust,"If you do not have a proper working controller, do not buy this game. If you DO have a controller, give it a go, especially if you like boss rush-type games.Playing with a keyboard is not at all enjoyable. Having only 8 directions that you can fire your arrow to makes hitting most of the bosses unnecessarily difficult and saps all of the fun out of this game."
,Not Recommended,297130,15402786,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Gayvid_Blowie,"This game is worth $5. maybe $10. heres why:The bosses are waaaay less interesting than the art would have you believe. I have so far only encountered about 3 decent designs out of maybe 10 bosses that ive fought and they were all just rip offs of classic monster tropes anyway. Every other boss has been either a cube or a circle.Gameplay: Every boss is either comically easy, or stuffed with artificial difficulty. There was only one boss I thought was genuinely well thought out. The ""artificial difficulty"" flavour in this game is: Relying on the Boss to position itself in such a way that it becomes possible to hit or kill.What I mean is, so far the bosses ive died the most to have been ones where you just need to try and try again and again until the boss' AI positions itself in an area where hitting it becomes possible. 1 Boss you could kind of direct it a little (which i wont describe because of spoilers) but even that one was largely luck that both things you need to hit would be on screen at the same time. They arnt hard bosses, If I was just trying to survive, I could do it practically forever, the problem is that killing them requires so much waiting and waiting that even knowing the trick doesnt help.Also SPOILERS In the third area theres a boss that is just straight up an immobile wall, and the ""fight"" is walking a really long path that starts at a hidden door. Thats it. No hazards, no tricks, not even a maze or something. Just bump agaisnt a wall until you find the door, walk 2 minutes to the boss, and shoot it once in its immobile eyeball. Pathetic. Lazy, and amateurish.While the game is visually impressive, theres not a lot going on in terms of set pieces. Most of the area is just kind of blank. some trees, some rocks. nothing interesting. Theres a few little story hint set pieces here and there, but they are fairly vague and im not VaatiVidya or anything so I cant figure it out.Im very, very dissappointed considering I paid full price. If it goes on sale 50% off, pick it up. its worth a lark. but nearly $16.99 for a 200mb game full of lazy boss battles and no story? No thank you."
,Not Recommended,297130,15405443,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,TesseracT,"This game really isn't for me. I thought it would be similar to Legend of Zelda link to the past, and it is in some sense.However the poor controls in addition to the limited combat mechanics and lack of any story in the game leave me looking for more."
76561197994834498,Not Recommended,297130,15368405,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Andy Dwyer,"This is after about half an hour of gameplay for this review, and it will be updated later, after I've had some more time with it.In my half hour I was able to beat the first three bosses, in only a few attempts each. This game tried to take both Shadow of the Colossus and Dark Souls and mash them with some indie pixel art style. And it just doesn't work.In order to be Shadow of the Colossus, you need a compelling story, and bosses who's weak spot is hard to find or get to. In order to be Dark Souls, you need tactile, intense, responsive and tight combat.This game has neither of those so far. The story bit, I'm not sure if it kicks up later or if you are always a little girl with an arrow and no other purpose, but the combat is sloppy and slow. Rolls seem to have variable speeds, you can't move while aiming an arrow, and you can't cancel an arrow with a roll.The art direction is poor at best, and all bosses I've fought so far, and all bosses seen in trailers and gameplay footage have similar mechanics, and similar designs. Shoot the arrow into the big glowing part on the bosses one of four bits, or just the one bit anywhere on the boss.I'll admit, I had fun with the first boss, but when I moved to the frozen brain, and realized the fight was similar I got worried. When the third boss and the gate keeper boss were similar I got tired of it.Overall, I would not reccomend to anyone that is looking for anything new. If you want the same, overly hard, pixel art game you've played before, I would reccomend it then.Update after playing for an hour:Turns out I was wrong on one thing, you can roll cancel arrows. I've beaten the game now, and hard mode doesn't appear to change much. There was no story to speak of, and frankly no reason to ever pick this game up again. There was zero progression of any sort, or any improvements to the gameplay. Overall, maybe worth an hour if you're good at games, a few hours if you're bad. If you have to absolutely buy this game, wait till a sale, otherwise it's not worth the disk space.Which is sad, I was really hoping for more after playing the demo and watching trailers and other footage."
,Not Recommended,297130,15387745,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,npinsker,"(oh my god I'm so mad that I bought this, I have to write a long review)I bought this game on its idea alone -- a fast-paced boss rush where one hit kills. Who wouldn't think that sounds intriguing? I was really excited, and I like hard games a lot. When I started playing the game, I think it's one of the worst designed games I've played in years, and I had to put it down pretty quickly. It's presumptuous that the developers seem to think this will be a popular game for speedrunning, because the game needs tons of improvements before it would even be fun.The biggest thing that I hated was your weapon. You have only a bow, and press X to charge a shot. Not only does the camera move confusingly when you do this (making it difficult to aim precisely), but you actually have to continue holding X for your arrow to *return* to you. This completely and utterly breaks the flow of the boss fights, as you constantly have to find small windows of ""doing nothing"" so that you can retrieve your arrow. I feel like this mechanic was put in solely for the uniqueness factor, and nobody seemed to think about whether this actually made the player feel ""cool"" when fighting all these bosses. Shadow of the Colossus made me feel *awesome* -- I was climbing these huge, hairy beasts, hanging on for dear life. In this game, 3/4 of my time was spent scurrying around and retrieving my arrows. Not exactly the same feeling.Absolutely everything about the game has these tiny, aggravating design problems. Death animations are long, and elevator animations are longer. Respawn points aren't right by the boss you were just trying, so it takes a minute or more to just get back to the boss you were fighting (even after dying in as little as 2 seconds). The arrow moves so fast that you can't even see it fly through the air, just where it lands. Bosses also have one health, so when you beat them it feels more like dumb luck than you actually having mastered their mechanics. The overworld is huge and has no map, and it's way too difficult to just find bosses to fight. You can't charge a bow shot while moving. You can't dash unless you roll first. Rolling has a short cooldown that doesn't match up with the animation and isn't indicated in any way. You can't roll up stairs, and it halts your movement if you even try. Basically, each and every one of these little things decreased my enjoyment of the game, and one of them was the straw that broke my tolerance.All of this adds up to a game that *seems* like it should be absolutely stellar, but I beat about eight of the bosses and couldn't stomach having to sit through one more death animation or one more cycle of missing an arrow, then waiting helplessly until I could find a window just so I could retrieve it and attack him again.Please do not buy this game. The saddest thing in the world to me is an amazing idea with awful execution."
76561197974734944,Not Recommended,297130,15395863,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,RUSTYWARCOW,"UPDATE: 9 bosses down, not sure how long.I dislike this game more, rather than less, after seeing more bosses.In addition to the notes below, I'll add the following.Boss fights feel like games of random chance far too often. The underwater worm boss, the ice guy with the teeth, the mushroom boss, etc, etc. Hitting them is way more about lucky timing than skill.Where's the epicness in this game? Run around like a mad man, avoiding pretty obvious obstacles, then try to stand in the perfect spot while powering up your arrow. It's just not all that engaging.Some bosses are just annoying. Hitting the Yeti is frustrating. I landed many strikes that should have been hits but just bounce off. While other bosses seem too easy to hit. What gives?Yes, there are some puzzles, but man they are really weak. The reentrant maze for the mushroom forest guys, lighting the fires, very very light weight.As a thot exercise, imagine Mega Man with no jumping, just a dash move, one bullet and one hit bosses, nothing else. But, with loads of running, and running, and running. Would that be fun? I really don't think so.At first blush it seems like an interesting idea, but upon further reflection it just isn't.The whole concept is just too darn minimal. That adrenaline rush I normally feel when fighting a boss in say Dark Souls, Mario, Zelda, Metroid, Ninja Gaiden, etc., just isn't there, and the satifaction I normally feel when defeating a boss isn't there either. I have yet to feel like I really figured out a boss, because their mechanics are so darn obvious I know how to defeat them in the first few seconds (there's nothing to figure out). Forcing the player to run around isn't epic, it's frustrating. The depth of the gameplay is far too shallow to ever be more engaging than a long drawn out checklist.Sorry, still a big thumbs down for me.5/10 (for the graphics, score and atmoshphere)(Killed the first 4 bosses, about 20 mins in. Decided to leave some early impressions.)Titan Souls is a very interesting thought exercise. What if an adventure game just had bosses? Big world to run around, lots of stuff to look at, but nothing else in the way of challenging adventure style gameplay. No enemies, no items, no locked ""doors"" that need a certain ""key"". Just bosses. Interesting yes, but is it actually enjoyable?Overall the game is well crafted, great score, sound fx, animations, art style, and I don't mind the controls (some people seem to hate them).What I can't seem to get over is just how much better this would have been if there were challenges along the way to the bosses. The world is just screaming for little puzzles, things I can collect, enemies to overcome. The adventure to the boss, I've come to realize, actually makes the boss fight better. It’s not just a fight with a monster, it's the final crescendo after all your hard work. A chance to show off your skills by having them pushed to the max by a worthy opponent.This ""missed opportunity"" is so palpable that it's actually distracting me (really really distracting me) from enjoying the  game. When I climb down a vine into a pool of water, I want to feel smart for noticing that you can climb on vines. Maybe I get an item that opens up new gameplay possibilities, or some kind of upgrade for my hero, or I get to face off against a rare mini boss, or the game tells me why the heck these Titans are here. Something, anything, to feel like exploration is something more that a gigantic ball of catnip.Instead of making me feel smart and engaged, the game feels like one big tease. It's as if I'm running around Disney land, but only a few rides are working, there's no Mickey, no Goofy, nothing, the entire bloody park is absolutely deserted. Sure fighting a boss is kind of fun, but afterwards I have to go back to deserted-Disney only to be teased yet again by places  I want to explore (but known there isn’t a point), places I’d love to encounter a puzzle (but soon realize I never will), places I’d love to battle some enemies (but come to the crushing realization that they’re all on strike, or eaten by titans, or sick, or who the heck knows).Clearly the game is inspired by Shadow of the Colossus. I think SotC got away with the “boss only” model because (1) it was stunningly presented, (2) it was extremely novel for its time, and (3) the bosses felt alive in addition to effectively being a big level with unique challenges, puzzles to figure out, multiple weakness points, etc.The hyper minimalism of TS has just been pushed too far. It’s just too bloody empty!I knew going in that it was all about bosses, and although they are fairly challenging, they're just not enough to carry an entire game. In order to ""just have bosses"" they need to be of the same class as say a Punch-out! opponent. Super rich mechanics, tons of personality, lots of different ways to defeat them. The bosses in TS don't even come close to that bar. They’re extremely flat, - a gimicky mechanic wrapped in some decent pixels. You don't get carried away by them, deeply want to beat them, they don't taunt or mock you, or drive you to be faster, smarter, better. It’s sad, but they actually feel more like items on your todo list, then the Titans they're supposed to embody.For $15 dollars, with very minimal production values, that just not good enough.I'll probably give it another go, and update this review after taking down a few more ""Titans"", but for now I leave feeling let down, and actually kind of ripped off :|."
,Not Recommended,297130,15466506,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Ei,"I keep it short: I like the game and the whole concept. The art is just after my gusto, so is the soundtrack. While the gameplay is rather simple, it's well executed. The (Boss) fights are fun ... but the whole game lacks depth. I don't mind that there isn't any character progression but the way this game is now, it's not more than a lukewarm piece of something.... and it's overprized for what it offers. It's sweet and short as I like to say but not THAT sweet and short. Keep it on your wishlist until it's around 3 bucks (or below) and get it then.Also, the collector's edition is a bit of a rip-off. If you want the soundtrack you can easily access the mp3s in the game folder itself. Suggesting to include all the 'collector' things in the normal version and don't sell it for additional bucks.So, thumps down I'm afraid."
,Recommended,297130,17695951,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Tom,"Titan Souls is a top down action adventure game. The game was released on PC, PS4 and the Vita in April 2015.  Titan Souls is surprisingly not as popular on Steam as I would of initially thought, coming in at approximately 50k owners.Game play in Titan Souls is focused on your character, you carry a bow and one arrow. Yes, saw correctly, one arrow. You can also only take one hit from enemies before you die. Each enemy in turn only needs one hit in order for you to defeat it, the difficulty comes from finding out how best to be able to get that one hit in though. Some bosses will be encased in ice,  goo, or just generally a pain in the backside to nail down.  You are able to fire your bow more than once obviously, but each time you fire, you either have to retrieve your arrow from the ground by walking over to it, or to draw it back to you with your special power.  I have never seen this type of gameplay mechanic done in a game before, so it was nice to see something different.Graphically, Titan Souls takes on the ever growing common theme of the pixel style. Due to this game being so focused on the game play rather than breathe taking visuals, the graphics don't really matter that much - that being said, it does have a very charming look to it. All of the titans and character models all look well designed and flushed out. Animation of your character and the bosses is also very well done too - no weird looking movements or anything out of place, it just looks polished up.The game does not go into much detail about the story and plot, it is just a generic background, your hero goes in search for power and must defeat the bad guys yada-yada-yada. Nothing really mind blowing, but again, this title is purely focused on the game play elements rather than anything else.Titan Souls is a very difficult release; this is another game where I had to consult the Wiki for guidance on a lot of bosses (Titans) for me to beat them, and even then I struggled due to just how hard the bosses are.  Upon looking up the achivements, there is one for completing the game in less than 20 minutes - I honestly don't see how that is possible given the amount of traveling between bosses, and the fights themselves. I managed to complete the game in just about four hours. I felt this to be a good length for the game; I was sufficiently pleased with how the game ended and I wouldn't be surprised to see the developers either release an update with more bosses, maybe a new game mode, or some DLC to add a couple more hours of gameplay in.The game also strongly recommends the use of a controller, and I would have to ditto that statement, the game is hard enough on a controller, never mind about handicapping yourself using a keyboard to play. The controls are simple on the controller and you'll have picked them up in less than ten seconds, so it's definitely the way to go.I am going to strongly recommend Titan Souls, as it is a really nicely put together game, that will really test anyone out there who classes themselves as an avid gamer. All of your past knowledge of gaming will be put to the test here in the various different ways you need to take down bosses. I feel like the game is priced well too; at £10,99 you are getting probably five hours or so of content (give or take) of some really solid game play, if you can pick it up on sale then you will have yourself a proper bargain.1) Stay away2) Only recommended when on sale3) Recommended4) Highly recommended5) This is a must playIf you found this review helpful, please consider giving it a thumbs up. You can also find more reviews over athttp://www.completingthebackloggroup.com/http://store.steampowered.com/app/297130"
,Not Recommended,297130,15551291,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,tu3sday,"I wanted to love this game. Played the original game jam version when it came out, and loved it. I am a big fan of difficult games, and I enjoy a bit of rage-inducing challenge and the subsequent payoff. The art and music is beautiful, and the bosses are imaginative.However, there's something just off about the mixture in Titan Souls that keeps me from enjoying it. In a game relying on split-second decisions, your character needs to feel responsive and movement skillful. Instead, we are given a just-slightly-too-slow protagonist and a just-shy-of-tight set of feedback. I didn't come away from a successful titan kill feeling skillful, or that I had finally got it right - I felt like I finally got lucky. I had figured out what I needed to do many lives before, but was constantly frustrated that I couldn't make my character do what I was trying to make him do. I didn't overcome the boss, I overcame the controls.The game is also extremely short given the price point. This i can forgive - the level of detail in each boss fight, and the unique aspects of each one justify an unusual development effort to game length ratio.Most games that give me difficulty also keep me going. I want to reach the end, and the more angry I get, the more I can't wait for just one more shot. Titan Souls had those moments, but as it went on... I wasn't angry, or excited; finishing the game was an obligation, and I was just glad to be done with it."
76561198009412850,Not Recommended,297130,15357161,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,snave,Does not support mouse at all. Keyboard controls are incomplete and unrebindable. Unplayable without a compatible gamepad (see Steam forums for those which work).
,Not Recommended,297130,15413679,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Salty Bob,"First thing to note here is I enjoyed the game but I'm not reccomending it from a price to value position. TL;DR Version at the bottomTitan souls is essentially a very high quality newgrounds/kongregate game with a wonderful soundtrack, challenging/awesome variety of boss fights, and great visual tone. The problem here is that there really isn't much to really get into. Here are the major points I have for it.The game is really quite short only lasting me 2 hours with only a few bosses left to clean up. Your playtime will likely fluctuate based on your skill level and how many attempts each boss takes you. It's similar to something like Super Meat Boy where you will be trying each fight quite a few times. I died 92 times in total.As most people know the game's main gimmick is you only have one arrow and that's all you will ever have. Fights are very fast with either you dying in one hit or the boss dying in either a hit to expose them and a hit to a weak point or just one hit to the weak point. While there is plenty of variety in the boss fight paterns the arrow mechanic got dull fast.There are more modes you unlock once you beat the game but, again, the arrow mechanic didn't sell me on going through again on a hard mode or a no roll run.You can tell that the devs wanted to have the story be told through the enviroment which I normally LOVE to death but in this case it is so very bare bones that there was no initial catch for me and I didn't enjoy the gameplay enough to delvae deeper.Last of all there's the comparison to Shadow of the Colossus and Dark Souls that I don't think are really acurate. The simlarities to Shadow of the Colossus is the more obvious with the minimalistic story, only boss fights, and the absorbing the boss' ""souls"" in the end of the fights but the gameplay is totally different where it's more about quick execution and mastery through repitition rather than thinking things through. As for Dark Souls it's nothing like it unless you call anything challenging ""like Dark Souls"" which would be idiotic.TL;DR Short game with an interesting mechanic that gets old fast. Won't last more than a couple of hours for most folks and isn't worth the current price of $15 USD IMO. Worth about $5 USD."
,Not Recommended,297130,15410744,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Malkraz,I cannot recommend this game because it does not function correctly with a keyboard and mouse as it does with a controller. There is no reason that aiming with the bow cannot be controlled with the mouse.Regardless of how the content of the game is I cannot advise anyone to purchase this on a PC if the devs are not going to put forward the effort to make working controls.
,Not Recommended,297130,15423471,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Makarray,"This game is obviously trying to capture the ""wow so hard"" (dark souls) audience, and ultimately fails at it.  This is due to the fact that there is absolutely no depth to the game (as much as I played anyhow).  I understand the controls are supposed to be minimalistic, but the fact that you need to stand still to recall your arrow really just kills any pacing the game has.Played about an hour of it and got extremely bored.  All of the fights end up being the same thing: something (usually the boss or a projectile from the boss) flies at you in a relatively fast speed, you dodge it, then you shoot an extremely small hitbox on the boss.The variation on this is when you need to make the boss move somewhere specific when its chasing you.Most of your deaths will come from the initial boss activation where you need to shoot it with your bow to get the fight started, but then you need to stand still for about a second and a half before your arrow returns to you.  Most of my deaths in this game have resulted from me just wanting to kill the boss quicker and get the fight over with, because its impossible to die if you just roll whenever you get attacked (because that is the only movement action you have available to you).Controls wise, you need to roll before you can run, meaning you don't ever feel like you are fully in control of what you want to do.  Additionally, the degree of freedom you have while aiming is usually poor compared to the size of the targets you need to shoot.The art looks great, and I understand that the game is trying to pull of minimalism in the simplistic control scheme, such as super meat boy does, but the few controls it does have don't feel very smooth."
,Not Recommended,297130,15398737,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,beachgothgay,"The demo is much, MUCH better than the final game."
,Not Recommended,297130,17071117,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Hitosura,"The attempt to recreate Shadow of the Colosseus, but doesn't quite match up.The pixel art is pretty, the OST is great, and the mechanics are pretty solid.It's just the gameplay that falls flat on it's face.The one-shot-kill-or-death thing is pretty overrated.  Half of the bosses feel exactly the same, with only a tiny change in mechanics.  It's waiting for that half-second opening and daring death, as you almost always have to nearly trade your life to score the killing blow.Some bosses get downright asinine, having ""magnetic"" attacks (attacks that follow you when you get too close), or even creating deadzones (give me a break; it's sitting there, but if I touch it, INSTANT DEATH!  No, not pushed into it, poke it, INSTANT DEATH!).  It all gets rinse-lather-repeat, and you start to see the same thing in every boss, with a handful of new 'features' over the previous boss of its' type.By no means does that make this a poor game; I just believe the developers could have done better.  It felt like, ""Well, it's WAY too short unless we add a few more titans...""With no expansion of the player, no new methods of gameplay and approach could be added to the bosses, thus it all becomes stale by the time you reach the end.The story, itself, while intriguing, is another one of those disingenuously vague ones that reveals and tells almost nothing.  What little bits and pieces are there reveal next-to-nothing of what's going on, or even why you're there.  It's another one of those, ""the description of the game tells more about the story than the game itself.""  After a certain point, you start to ask yourself, ""Why the heck am I even doing this?  What's the point?  Big flashy lights!  Woo!  Okay.  Getting bored, now.""Don't pay full price for this."
76561198050242944,Not Recommended,297130,16378320,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Scrambled eggs,"Game was short, this game's world is small and empty, the bosses all rely on the same principle of timing your shot to hit a small spot and there are plenty of small changes that could be made to make this game feel better. Buy this game when its $5 or less otherwise its not worth the purchase. The soundtrack was very good though and the game looks pretty good."
76561198034306531,Not Recommended,297130,15606718,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Snow,This game was really disappointing for me. I really wish i liked this game and tried very hard to.. but i just cant. The music is beautiful and the world is very pretty but the gameplay really dosn't hold up. Its basically a puzzle game and once you figure out what you are suppose to do each boss takes about 10 seconds to kill.. and there isn't any reason to fight the boss longer then 10 seconds because its best just to try and get the kill fast and take the 5 second walk back to the boss if you miss it. Because of this none of the fights feel any sort of epicness to them and fails to capture the feeling of games it obviously takes inspiration from (Shadow of the colossus and dark souls being the two main examples) and just feels like a waste of time...I wouldn't bother picking this game up unless it goes on sale for under 5 dollars
76561197993454734,Recommended,297130,24510060,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,SparkyNinja,"You die in 1 hit. The bosses die in 1 hit. Some fights will take you 1-3 tries. Some fights will take you 20+ tries. Explore areas, find bosses, kill them, and that's it."
76561198028049202,Not Recommended,297130,19402033,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Kupo Games,"I really wanted to like this game.The graphics and music are beautiful, and the gameplay is solid.But it's just too damn hard, and in a bad way.You die in one hit, and then you have to backtrack a bit and try again. If you're gonna make a game where you might die after only a few seconds of action, respawning should be INSTANT. Otherwise it's incredibly tedious.The boss attack patterns are also horribly chaotic and unpredictable. If the boss does something you didn't expect, you're dead. There's no room for mistakes, and often you'll feel the deaths weren't your fault. Whenever I did manage to kill a boss, I didn't feel very proud of it. I felt like I just got lucky.Even the parts in between the action are boring. The world is big and pretty but completely empty. If you get lost or go the wrong way, you're not going to get anything out of it, just more backtracking.I managed to get to the final boss (I think), and then I had enough and gave up.Edit: I should point out I usually like hard games when they're rewarding, and have 100% completed games like Super Meat Boy, Castle in the Darkness, and 1001 Spikes. This one isn't rewarding at all, and I gave up because it just wasn't fun for me. Your character doesn't grow. There's nothing to collect. There's almost no story to keep me interested. And the battles feel more like luck than skill due to the one-hit mechanic. It's just not fun enough for me to take the punishment."
,Not Recommended,297130,22820591,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Mitchfynde,"First off, I just gotta say that I really respect what this game is trying to do. I think, for some people, this game will be really awesome. Everything looks and sounds good. The controls are good. The bosses are really cool. The whole game just has this really awesome atmosphere. I really wanted to love this.But I didn't love it. In fact, I really hated it. I get that the game is supposed to be uber hard, but it's not the kind of uber hard that made me want to come back for more. Like I said, the bosses are really cool. The main gameplay is all centered around the bosses. Here lies the main problem. The game actually has a pretty big map and you have to travel by foot. Even when you die during the boss battles, you have to walk back to the boss again every time. Since this is a game that wants you to die A LOT... it's not good to have this sort of ""walking simulator"" aspect.I can see why most people who've bought the game like it, but I just don't. If you're into games like Dark Souls that require replaying the same sections a billion times before you make progress, you may like this. If you're just looking for a really huge challenge in general, you may like this. If you're looking to have a fun time, you may want to look elsewhere. This is one frustrating game and it doesn't pretend otherwise."
,Not Recommended,297130,15555665,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,lil_lily,"Well. You can say this is a puzzle based action game where you and the boss both have only one health therefore you need to read BOSS's pattern, find the perfect solution, and count the perfect timing to release your arrow.But the thing is.... I really think there should've been a lot more than just a boss fight and just a few puzzle to go to the boss fight. I can say that every boss I encounter was a blast and I was enjoying myself every bits of it. But it just lacks every other game elements.Dunno.... maybe making the game more linear but in order to go to the boss room there's more puzzles to solve might solve the problem. But for the game of its own, I can't strongly recommend it since the meat is quite easy to get bored of after you play for like 1~2 hours of it."
,Not Recommended,297130,17090093,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Cup Noodle King,I spent more time backtracking from the save points to the boss rooms than I did actually fighting bosses.
76561198004576799,Not Recommended,297130,15538954,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Infamous,"Its a pretty short game, most of the bosses are just puzzels with reaction time being a built in factor (but i suppose you could say that of most games) the things that I really didnt like were that 1) 15 dollar cost for 2 hours of gameplay (time it took for me to beat the game from never having played it before) made the entertainment value seem low. 2) changing rulesets based on bosses (some bosses could be killed by the arrow if it hit them in their weak spot while you were recalling it while others could not be), I felt that this was a rather lame change. overall I'd give it a 6/10 fun while playing it but too short with inconsistent rules."
,Recommended,297130,16533087,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,re11ding,"For people who'll TLDR, here's the verdict. This game is amazing but it's specifically aimed towards people who like a darn good challenge and don't care about dying a LOT. Not like in Super Meat Boy where it's fast paced but still holds a lot of the trial and error.----------------------------------------------------------I don't think the constant not recommended reviews said to be the most helpful give this game the right kind of justice. This game is very, very good. I had way too much fun playing it. It's really short however, and would have liked more bosses to fight.Something important to mention: THIS GAME HAS A SPECIFIC DEMOGRAPHIC!What do I mean?It's simple.If you don't like constantly dying a LOT in a game, traveling back to where you were despite it being a short distance, you will not like this game. You will get infuriated and lose any interest in playing. It wasn't that difficult for me. I died a lot but I kept trudging on because I liked the difficulty of this game. You also only have one type of attack and that's a single arrow. You fire it and then you can pull it back or run up and grab it. But it's all you'll have.I liked the ""One hit equals death"" aspect of the game as it wasn't exclusive to you, the bosses die in one hit too. The one type of attack meshes with this very well. However unlike you, bosses can only be killed at a certain moment in a specifc area. I actually watched a friend play this a little and knew how to get through the first three bosses and knew to hit the tail of the electric eel, but the rest I was pretty much on my own. While some weaknesses are obvious, others take a little more thought. (Seriously, if I was not told about the tail weakness, I don't think I would have ever figured it out).This game has some wonderful music as well. It's truly astounding. It makes every part of the game that much more lively. It's a shame the game is so short. When you beat it, you unlock new modes like Hard mode, Iron Mode (Die once and it's game over), and No Roll or Run mode (How the hell is this one possible? Please tell me!). There may be even more than that when you beat those modes, I'm unsure as of yet. I only just unlocked these modes after all.Either way, the game was very fun. I beat it in the same run I started in as it was very enjoyable depsite constantly dying. The more you figure out trying to fight bosses repeatedly helps you figure out ways to make fighting them that much more easy though still remaining quite difficult. If you're a casual gamer, just stay away from this because you'll get infuriated. For all those hardcore gamers, get this. It's just a blast.EDIT: I've just gone through a lot of hard mode and have also realized I missed about 6 titans as you don't have to kill them all to reach The Soul. Once killing all of the titans, I got to experience Truth. While I haven't made it in hard mode yet as I didn't know about these titans that existed, I've beaten truth in the normal game and that was a lot of fun. He's a great boss to finish things off with. Defeating all the titans in the game doesn't really increase the game's length by much but it sure does make the game feel more complete. That's all you really need anyway."
,Recommended,297130,19308150,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Titan,"It is basically a mix of Shadow of the Colossus - as in being an almost pure boss rush game - and Dark Souls - as it requires quite a bit of tries before you succeed in combat. You are one-hit-KOed by the bosses, which are 18 total + the final boss, and in exchange you also 1-hit-KO them. Each battle involves a puzzle to find a vulnerability or opportunity to strike.Now to the problems: when you die (and you are going to die a LOT) you return to a checkpoint that is a bit far from the boss room, which makes you spend more time walking between the checkpoint and the boss than fighting the monster itself. Also, the overworld is pretty empty and kind of meanigless.I beat the game in 2h and got the true ending with 2h30m, so with that in mind I would recommend this game if it is $5 or less. You can replay it on new modes, but they are probably unreasonably hard."
,Not Recommended,297130,24120216,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Player 3,"Pros:Good Boss fightsCons:Rush distance to boss fightsThe way save points work in this game makes me spend WAY more time getting to a boss fight then actually fighting the boss. It wasn't a big deal for the first set of bosses since it was pretty obvious as to how they should be killed, but for later bosses (or at least the ones in the forest/ice area) it becomes very annoying.I timed the distance vs time I spent fighting for one (the plant thing in the forest specifically) and I had spent 17 seconds walking to and activating the fight and roughly 6 seconds in the fight that time. That puts me at spending 74% of my time playing a walking simulator and the rest playing the actual game.Other Thoughts:If there was something to do on the way to the fights like in Dark Souls, or you spawned outside the door of the last boss that killed you I think this would be much better. I would probably recommend the game if that was the case. Currently the trek back to boss fights is just a bit too disheartening for me to really get into this game.I may try to look through the game files to see if I can edit spawn data to make it bearable since I otherwise like the game."
,Not Recommended,297130,15385934,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,poisonsoup,No key config. Fail
,Recommended,297130,21819493,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,👾 🅼 🅰❎ツ,"Simple gameplay and very unforgiving. Game is really hard and not for everyone, there is only one life and every mistake is deadly. There is no map, no better equipment, no leveling up, only a bow and one arrow to defeat titans. Every enemy is different - at first indestructible, but each of them have a weak spot. Game mechanics, soundtrack and game design is nice. I found this game really enjoying, but would I play it again? No... if you have enough time to try over and over the last boss then go ahead."
,Not Recommended,297130,32105750,Posted: 1 June,all,Zanagoth,"A game with great art and great music, but really frustrating to play because of its nature as a boss gauntlet.In a game where dying is constant, it's not cool to have to walk 20 seconds to the bossroom every time.In a game with an arrow as your only weapon, and most bosses need to be hit on a weakspot in a very short amount of time, it's not cool that this game can only be played with a controller; and even then, accuracy is horrible. There is no mouse support so PC players be warned. A lot of these boss fights boil down to knowing how to kill the boss, but being unable to land the killing blow due to the clunkiness of controls and aiming. And that's immensely frustrating.Some bosses, such as (MINOR SPOILERS) the final boss, are either immensely unforgiving (absolutely tiny kill window, during which you also have to avoid not dying), or straight up inconsistent, having vulnerability phases that are completely random. I was stuck for almost an hour at the final boss, and only managed to kill it due to sheer dumb luck. Pair this with the horrible arrow accuracy of a controller and it's even more rage-inducing.Titan Souls is visually and audio-wise very impressive, but its artistic merits are vastly overshadowed by the technical and design flaws of its gameplay. If not for the fact that I was streaming this game, I would have stopped playing in the first 30 mins. It rarely feels rewarding or skillful, and more along the lines of cheese-or-be-cheesed.If you buy this game, prepare to be frustrated. It's like playing Dark Souls with Surgeon Simulator controls at times."
,Recommended,297130,22037218,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,MrNinjaSquirrel,"Here’s a proposal: the satisfaction of Titan Souls is not in your success, but in proving that you are capable of it.This is a bit abstract but stick with me a moment and I’ll explain. Titan Souls is a game of extreme efficiency. You are given one arrow and one hit to defeat an assembly of enormous and monstrously powerful titans. There are no upgrades, no minor enemies or side objectives, just you against an array of incredible and individual foes. The hook is in how Titan Souls resolves the asymmetry of its bosses by designing them to go down just as quickly as you, that being with a single well aimed shot to their Achilles’ Heal. Your job then is to figure out where this weak point is and how to hit it, a task that sounds simple on paper but becomes exponentially more challenging when you’re staring down a 50-foot hallucinogen excreting mushroom or an anthropomorphic blob of sentient lava.Parallels have been drawn between Titan Souls’ and Shadow of the Colossus, both featuring a stripped down design focused entirely on encounters with huge monument like creatures. But where Titan Souls divulges from Shadow of the Colossus is in its framing and structure. Where Shadow of the Colossus’ fights would often be drawn out and almost poetic in their grandiosity, Titan Souls’ are fast and brutal. Titan Souls doesn’t want to entrance you with its majesty, it wants to break you with it. Because of the nature of its 1-1 design, Titan Souls’ bosses have been designed in such a way as to kill you quickly and repeatedly as you slowly learn enemy patterns and suss out how to exploit them. Once you do manage to land a successful blow though there is rarely a moment of true catharsis. Everything moves so fast and is over so suddenly that the ramp up to victory often seems far greater than the reward, each kill leading only to another fight.But say we take a metaphorical step back and consider if Titan Souls’ actually wants you to feel satisfied. Nothing in its design is built to appease the player’s need for recognition. There is a brief animation at the end of each kill letting you know you did the thing, but otherwise Titan Souls’ feels in most ways utterly indifferent to your achievement. What it cares much more about is in keeping you from it as long as it can in as patronizing and taunting a way possible.Titan Souls, I would argue, doesn’t want you to feel satisfied, it wants you to feel accomplished. Success isn’t dictated by the kill itself but in getting to throw it back in the game’s face as you declare it too little a challenge. The relationship Titan Souls build throughout the game between itself and you, the player, is one of domination and strength through brutality. It wants to make you work for your kill, dropping you back at inconvenient checkpoints after each death, only to sludge back across the overworld and die in less time than it took to get to the boss itself. It’s agonizing and tedious and you can almost feel Titan Souls laughing at you as you continue to throw yourself at these slumbering behemoths over and over. And for what? With no satisfaction to be found in the kill you are left with little more than a sensation of all the air being sucked out of the room, your only purpose for existing now dead at your feet and you no less content. As a final gift upon completing the game you are awarded with “hard mode,” captioned “the real challenge” as if to further demean the player’s success by effectively christening it a warm up.If all this sounds entirely the opposite of fun that’s because in many ways it is, and I think that’s intentional. Titan Souls isn’t interested in fulfilling a player’s power fantasy, it just wants to see how far they’ll run, going about itself with a smugness that is simultaneously alienating and gravitational. It’s a game that exists purely for itself, and it feeds into that elitism in a way that eats at you until you find yourself once again playing along purely for the sake of proving to the game that you are better at it than is at killing you.And once you get into Titan Souls’ rhythm, removed from the necessity of payoff or justification beyond proving yourself capable enough to play along, the game’s flow can become hypnotic. Titan Souls is cruel, but it is also incredibly smooth and refined. Your moveset is limited but every action has a purposeful weight to it. Rolling feels slick and chunky, blending seamlessly with your run to create a tactile sense of momentum. Aiming a shot momentarily slows down time as the camera narrows on your character rooted to the spot, causing each second spent pulling back your bow to feel terrifying and vulnerable but also necessarily precise. Titan Souls’ core gameplay loop is brilliant in its compactness and feel, its narrow design granting each inclusion an enormity unto itself, each mechanic feeling invaluable and utterly necessary. Titan Souls remains a small game in most respects, but it is so concise that it rarely feels that way in the context of itself.Titan Souls is also a wonder to behold, enthralling environments stretching all around you as you search for your next fight, the world’s indecipherable history jumping out at you from wall carvings and monuments to events unknown as you wander through forests and dungeons that have long fell into disuse. It’s an intensely isolating experience but not one that feels lonely so much as decidedly melancholy, accompanied by a somber and gorgeous soundtrack that takes the place of exposition to set the mood. If it wasn’t so fixated on death, Titan Souls’ world would almost be soothing, but the presence of such enormous enemies instead imbues it with a sinister tone fitting for the brutality of your quest. It’s unquestionably grim, but with how fast everything moves you probably won’t have time to stop and think about it.Titan Souls is a challenging game, both in terms of play and enjoyment. Its antagonistic nature likely requires a particularly masochistic and determined mindset to appreciate, as on the surface Titan Souls is a game that goes to almost absurd lengths to push players away. But underneath all that snobbery is a fantastically sharp design philosophy that becomes a means to its own end, a delight to employ even as the game itself refuses to allow you any satisfaction for your accomplishments. Instead it asks you to do it again, faster, smarter, and with more efficiency. How you respond to this demand will likely determine if you’re the sort of player capable of finding the “fun side” of Titan Souls, or if you’ll bounce off it and go in search of something less abrasive, a decision I couldn’t entirely fault you for.You can read more of my writing onKritiqal."
,Not Recommended,297130,15477079,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Cosmic Engine,"Full video review =https://youtu.be/lC1uAUQEjRoTitan souls is a classic case of easy to pick up but hard to master. There's not much to the game in terms of its mechanics and controls. Your character has the ability to run and roll, that's it. Weapon wise, you have a bow with one arrow that once you have shot it will return to you by holding down a button, like Yondu from guardians of the galaxy, Yes I whistled every time.That's it all you can do no less no more. The interesting elements in the game come from the battles with the Titans. Each titan is different in design and mechanics. Titans will have one weak point which is your arrows ultimate goal. Hitting the weak spot with the arrow will kill the titan dead. Some battles will require you do wear down a defense using environmental factors such as using fire to melt ice or using a titans own attack to knock out his teeth. Titan souls boss battles are all about learning your enemies attacks, movements and timing, then striking when the time is right.The boss mechanics are both fun and frustrating. Learning how the boss works is one thing but having to time your single attack just right while avoiding getting flattened is quite another. This is a one hit kill game and if you get hit your done. All is not lost you'll respawn at the nearest checkpoint and have the long walk of shame back to the titan to try again. Shooting your arrow is also a test in timing as you have to power up the shot which takes maybe half a second but it can only take that long to get stomped.Let's have no illusions, you'll be dying a hell of a lot in this game which I don't mind terribly, nor do I mind the difficulty of the Titans, I like a good challenge. I do however mind the amount of time I have to spend walking back from checkpoints as it can take an age. There's no enemies, or for that matter anything to do bar a few puzzles and boss fights so why I have to spend so much time walking is beyond me. It's unbelievably frustrating, the sheer amount of time you have to back track through various zones to get back to a titan. It wouldn't be so bad if there was things to see or do on the various routes to the boss locations but the pixel environments are not particularly interesting nor is there anything to collect or see. The traveling ultimately becomes a test in patience which is something that for me personally ran out very quickly.The games chosen art style is not bad by any stretch. The pixel style works well and the titans look really good. The soundtrack too ironically provides nice soothing tones as you feel the slow burning rage of frustration. The pixel art style while it is not bad and works well, doesn't do anything for me. It's an easy solution for indie developers which is why it is used in so many games. I think that it's beginning to lose its appeal on the eye for me personally and I feel the game would have looked stunning with a hand-drawn styling but again that's a personal preference.It should be made clear that mechanically the game is sound. It works as intended, its a stable game with very few bugs and for people who live for boss fights, it's a treat. However for me it lacks depth in its game-play. I understand the idea behind the one arrow mechanic, indeed the very concept of the game is 'you only have one' and that its supposed to be about using what you have to overcome the enemy. The game admittedly does this well, it makes you think, use your brain to overcome the titans, learn their strategies and test your evasion skill to survive.What the game doesn't have is progression depth, nor indeed does it have a story or even a motivation which for me ruins the experience. I would have liked some pay off from defeated titans which you don't get in Titan Souls, yes you unlock more titans but the experience of running around and fighting bosses was not enough for me. The lack of any character progression makes the victory of taking down a boss......lesser for me. I like progression, item progression, character progression, skill progression, something to keep me engaged. Something to keep me motivated past the frustration. Tough games like Dark souls have items, weapons, Armour, leveling and story. All those things keep you going when your getting pummeled by a boss time after time after time.Titan souls has none of this, which while it does provide a nice simplistic streamlined experience, also means that its a game with all the annoyances of similar games but without any of the good sides. It becomes a punishment simulator, a wet dream for self flagellation. Run here, die in four seconds, run back, die, run back, it grows tiresome very fast. This being said of course, I can also see fans of games like dark souls taking a shine to this and enjoying it a lot. There's merit in the Titan's design and the battles are very well constructed. The biggest design flaw if not the only one in my opinion is the checkpoint system, it adds far to much frustration on top of the battles to the point of becoming uninteresting. For a game that's sole purpose is for me to fight big huge titans, I seem to be spending a lot of time running and looking at nothing. I want to be right back in the action as soon as possible not running though maps that have nothing there.Ultimately it's a well built game that should please fans of games like shadow of the colossus and dark souls. While it certainly didn't have enough content and depth for me, looking from someone else's perspective, I could see why they could get a lot of enjoyment from it. Since the game is well built and mechanically sound that's what it comes down too, your personal preference, what your looking for in a game, what things you like and what things you don't. For me its a no but even while I do no like and did not enjoy playing it, I can still sit and admire the well built mechanics, great looking Titans and overall intention the developers set out for the game."
76561198040030741,Not Recommended,297130,22714903,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,horheristo,"KEYBOARD USERS BE WARNED, THERE IS NO MOUSE / 360 DEGREES AIM SUPPORT!!!This poor decision / lazyness by the devs makes me unable to recommend this game on the pc platform.I'm an explicit KB + M user, and being forced to use other controls that aren't originally made for the pc ended up in great frustration over the course of my playthrough.Taking away a super important feature from the very basic pc ""controller"" is unacceptable."
76561198045899819,Not Recommended,297130,15507516,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Caudex,"Owning a gamepad, and using it to play this game is all buy necesary. The game is clumsy, unintuitive, and annoying with a keyboard, to the point where it makes it practically unplayable. The other thing that bothers me, is that you do not have the option to rebind keys, and with a keyboard you must use the arrow keys, combined with the X and C key, which is counterintuitive to anyone used to a WASD setup. If you have a gamepad or controller, the game looks like a lot of fun, if you don't, the game will be frustrating and difficult in an annoying way, rather than a challenging way that most people prefer for this type of game. If you don't own a controller, play the demo before purchasing, i instantly regretted my desicion to purchase."
,Recommended,297130,16534928,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Shanee,"Fantastic game. Even though it is relatively short, it is challenging and a lot of fun. It also has a lot of replay value, especially watching friends try to beat the bosses :)"
76561198070722121,Not Recommended,297130,16490274,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,insanityscribe,"TL;DR This isn't a game—it's a chore.I've followed this game since I first saw it in Gameinformer, and I was pretty excited to play it. When the demo came out, I downloaded it immediately. And I had fun! It was really great, learning how to defeat each of the bosses in a unique way. I preordered the full game (something I almost never do, especially not on Steam—even if refunds are allowed now) and eagerly awaited the day I could play it.Eventually the day came, and I installed the full game. After defeating the few bosses I had already seen, I was set free into the world of Titan Souls. And what a world it was! The atmosphere was lovely; the music was peaceful, and the environments were beautiful. I enjoyed walking around to find each new area, even if there were some long walks between the action. It felt like a smaller, pixelated version of Journey during these moments.Here's the gameplay in a nutshell: you are a lone wanderer, and for whatever reason, you are hunting and defeating these massive beasts known as the Titans in an attempt to acquire the Titan Souls. You have a bow and a single arrow that can be called back to you by holding down a single button. Each Titan only requires one or two hits to defeat, and since you have no armor, it only takes one hit to kill you. The game is about finding the perfect shot and the right timing, and for a while, it works. The controls are simple, but if you're going to put yourself through this, I recommend a gamepad. I can't imagine playing this on a keyboard.At first, it was fun. Testing the waters and tryin to discover each Titan's weakness was entertaining in itself, and if I managed to get one on the first or second try I felt great. But I stopped feeling good after the first few deaths. I felt like I was failing the game, like I wasn't good enough to play it. But I kept going, and I kept dying, and I kept trying not to break my controller in half. And it only got worse after I died ten times fighting the same enemy (ooking at you, Yeti). Most of the bosses are insanely difficult to defeat, forcing you to try multiple times to get that one perfect shot. Here's a hint: it won't happen. You won't get that shot, because the weak spot on each boss is so miniscule and requires such perfect aim that the chances of you hitting it are pretty damn close to zero.Even if by some miracle I managed to defeat a Titan, I didn't feel any accomplishment. I just felt glad that it was over. I felt like I had just finished cleaning my entire house, and any relief I should have felt was replaced by the anger that I just spent so long cleaning something that's only going to get dirty again. If I'm going to put a lot of energy into a game, I'd like to feel a bit victorious after passing each milestone. Titan Souls instilled no such feeling. It only instilled feelings of extreme anger and sadness—failing each boss, and after finally defeating it, remembering that there are plenty more to fight...If you're going to play this game and get your money's worth, you're going to have to beat them all. It won't happen. Believe me. If you want to punish yourself, clean your entire house. At least that will produce a sense of accomplishment, if only temporarily."
,Recommended,297130,16589926,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Caomhainn,"Dying has never been so much fun and challenging!...Or well it has but never in such a gorgeous Art Style!If you happen to be a Masochist: Buy it!Developer: Acid NervePublisher: Devolver DigitalRelease Date: 14 April, 2015Can I just say this?I’m in love!With the game that is.This game … let me tell you this. It’s beautiful.  It’s in itself a work of Art. Gorgeous, challenging, rewarding and unforgiving. It’s overall a fairly short game but I caught myself more than once just slowly walking around enjoying the scenery or swimming around whenever I got the chance just so my sore Body doesn’t hurt as much after dying numerous times, over and over and over and … over again…I loved every second of it. Every death was my own fault and that’s the beauty of the game. It’s all about howyouact and where you choose to or at what time you’re gonna shoot your arrow.Also this game feels like a pixelated version ofShadow of the Colossus. Exploring alone is so much fun it's hard to describe but enough of that.Now let’s get to it folks!StoryIt might not look like it but yes this game does have indeed a story.Taken from the games website:Between Earth and the world beyond lie the Titan Souls, the spiritual source and sum of all living things. Now scattered amongst the ruins and guarded by the idle titans charged with their care, a solitary hero armed with but a single arrow is once again assembling shards of the Titan Soul in a quest for truth and power.So now you know. You and your trusty Arrow are on a Quest for Truth and Power. No fame. No treasure. You seek power and truth. An honest quest. I certainly like it.Will you be able to use your trusty arrow and defeat the titan to gain the Titan Souls?Only one way to find out …GameplayI usually don’t do stuff like this but let me quote Eminem real quick:You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blowThis opportunity comes once in a lifetime yoIt certainly fits the gameplay ... yo.All you have is one arrow. Once you shot it you have to retrieve it before you can try to hit your target again. But your best friend is movement. You have to move around, dodge and roll in the right moments to avoid getting crushed or blown to pieces. You have to find the perfect angle for your shot and you only have a tiny window in which you can actually defeat the titans.I do have some good and bad news though.The bad news: You die in one hitThe good news: Titans as wellSo you see it’s an even matchup. Whether or not you’re the one who will survive or not depends solely on your skill and a tad of luck. Just a tad though.VisualHonest opinion?I’m blown away. I haven’t seen any screens prior to buying the game and boy I’m seriously blown away. I caught myself just wandering around and enjoying the scenery.You’ll walk through and enjoy different biomes. There’s a snowy one which is my personal favorite by far. I’ve taken so many screens and just … alright I admit it … I just found myself rolling through the snow goingWeeeeeee!. Feel free to judge me but I enjoyed it. Very much to be honest.There’s just so much open space in the game and I really had the urge just to roll around and exploreeverything. I was swimming around numerous times since my body was so sore after being beaten to death for like the 57th time.In one of the other Biomes, in the Wood one to be specific, there’s a place which instantly reminded me of theLost WoodsinThe Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time. What really made me smile when I found out that I’m also greeted by a maze-like area.Overall the Pixel Art is stunning. I really love the look of the game and it’s just gorgeous.There are so many small details placed all over the game .. Perfect.SoundEvery track on the OST is beautiful but one caught me a bit off guard I’d say.The trackSoulsreaches something deep inside me … It’s beautiful. Gorgeous. Peaceful. At the same time it does sound like something is about to happen. It’s not a carefree track … It’s more like the Calm before the Storm. It’s … I can’t put it really into words to be quite honest but I really, really like this track. Actually go ahead and listen to it now!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r5XoWY_D3fE&list=PLTBIh-EgHxf3hncWumlOwR04LH5PQ0M73Overall I’m really happy with the whole OST and I can only recommend it.What else can I say?Do you love challenging games? Do you love Pixel Art?Are you a Masochist?If you said yes to all three of those you’ll really enjoyTitan Souls.The masochist part is important. You will die. A lot. It’s part of the game. Enjoy every death. Embrace it. At the same time the game’s really rewarding. Your reward is not only one more dead titan on your agenda but discovering new biomes and the associated soundtrack and just … enjoying every second of the game.Let me quote the Developer for the end:Dash and run from the titan’s attacks but do not fear death, as it is both inevitable and plentiful in Titan Souls.That being said enjoy it. The game is really fun, challenging but rewarding at the same time.Note: If you die over and over again to the same titan feel free to cry. It's actually adviced to cry whenever you feel like the game's mean to you. Come back to it later and just try again. And again. And again 'till you succed ... or cry again."
76561198091442852,Not Recommended,297130,22852110,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,heart attack,it is not a problem if a game is hard even if you only have one life but it is ♥♥♥♥ing anoying when you have to walk to every boss room over and over again which is ♥♥♥♥ing frustrating when you have to walk 1 minute only to see yourself dead after one second in the boss room
,Recommended,297130,23879136,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Mother Of All Nerds,"Now I am a polite woman, who takes pride in being couth and put together.  I am kind, considerate, and have great manners.The goddamn bosses in this ♥♥♥♥ing game made me drop more ♥♥♥♥s and yell at my computer than I ever have in my life.10/10 Would become a sailor againOh and the protagonist?  ♥♥♥♥ you and your tiny red bow.  You arent♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,297130,16861977,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,TTIO - Puppykit,"So first off, as many people have said, don't even consider getting this game unless you're willing to die a lot. From what I can tell, there's no progression - you're as powerful as you'll ever get right from the beginning. That's not a bad thing. I've not played a game of this genre before, but from the first area I found I was really enjoying it. I think I can quite safely say that this is a genre that I would enjoy.However, there is one major issue. ""Controller Recommended"" is not quite precise. This game is possible to play without a controller, but ultimately an exercise in frustration. The reason for this is quite simple: A lot of the bosses after the first four were designed for an analog aiming mechanism. Which would be fine, except for the fact that the developer, for some reason, decided not to implement a keyboard and mouse control system. This means that playing the game as expected on PC is inferior to on a console.Additionally, there is no remapping of controls.Now, if they had said ""Controller required"" and cut out the keyboard controls altogether, fair enough. I wouldn't have bought it, because I don't like using controllers, but everyone that did would have gone into it knowing that they'd be playing on a controller. However, they really didn't bother to implement proper keyboard and mouse controls. This is a bad port, not a game that was designed for PC. As such, it should never have been released on PC.I may continue this with a controller, but I doubt it. And if I do, it's purely because everything else about this game is amazing, and rock solid. It just should not be a PC game in it's current state."
,Not Recommended,297130,15572825,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Tiananmen Square no.1,"I understand that this is a hard game, but there is no tutorial, background story like what is he fighting and why he has only one arrow. Could have been much better if there were some abilities for the arrow. For some reason I can't listen to the music and that's really annoying.. Hate the stupid letter that comes out sometimes.."
,Recommended,297130,29107697,Posted: 7 January,all,Baby Driver,One word for each aspect of this game.Story - Brief.Characters - Intriguing.Gameplay - Engaging.Immersion - Captivating.Environment - Fascinating.Graphics - Simplistic.Sound - Great.Music - Standard.Overall - Fantastic.
76561198062301817,Recommended,297130,28267336,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Rhythm Raph,"I have mixed feeling towards Titan Souls. It often feels very satisfying to finally kill a boss, but at the same time I don't think the concept of ""one arrow, one life"" was that well mastered.Since every titan has only one life, the developers couldn't make it too easy to hit them. Their solution on most titans was to make their week spot very hard to reach or vulnerable for a very small fraction of time. What I find interesting in boss fights is mostly to figure out how to defeat them. In Titan Souls, I almost always know in no time how to kill the boss; the challenge is to be able to hit it on the right spot in the small amount of time where it's vulnerable. This is not a very epic or interesting fight, as opposed to many bosses in the Zelda series or in Shadow of the Colossus (to name a few).I also met the opposite problem, where I'd be able to hit a titan at the right time in its week spot in a few seconds, after let's say two or three tries.In the end, the number of bosses I found genuinely interesting is rather small. I played the Ludum Dare prototype when it came out, and I found it worked better as a short browser game. However, I am very fond of boss fights and still enjoyed it, and would recommend it to anyone who's ready to fight a series of bosses far more powerful than their character. Its minimalism is charming, and even though I don't think the developers did that well with their constraints, they still made a decent game about fighting titans with only one arrow. I'd just suggest to not expect too much from it, and to play in small game sessions."
,Recommended,297130,28680826,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Ser Capelli,"A short pixelated homage to Shadows of the Colossus. Art is beautiful, the music is entrancing and engaging, and the game is that level of hard where you start hitting the desk in frustration but you HAVE to go back and kill that damned boss. For the price it is this game simply can't be beat."
76561198146175239,Not Recommended,297130,34308587,Posted: 17 August,all,Š,"I was initially really, really torn over whether I should recommend this game. I'd say it's not a good game, but it is a good proof-of-concept, the concept being that both the player and the bosses die in one hit. This is something that was on my mind right before I came across Titan Souls, what it'd be like to get rid of this sort of health grind in boss battles and just simplify it all down to the most important thing: figuring out where and how to hit the boss and then doing it without making too many mistakes. And on that front only, the game delivers.The bosses (18 of them) vary in difficulty and concept. Like regular game bosses, some rely on getting the perfect hit and some are puzzle bosses where you need to figure out what to do. Some of them are challenging for the right reasons, others for the wrong reasons (luckily only a couple of such on normal difficulty), some others are easy. A lot of them really work well and are fun to fight despite the fact that they can be killed in only one hit, which of course sounds easier than it is. Expect to have hundreds of deaths. There are also no upgrades, weapons, powerups etc. just an arrow that you need to retrieve if you mess up and a roll for defense. I enjoy this simplicity.Walking is a common complaint for this game. Each time you die, you're respawned at a checkpoint outside the boss' arena that is shared by 1-2 other nearby bosses and you have to walk for 5-10 seconds back to the boss. As someone who hates it when games do this, I honestly thought it wasn't that bad. I think I can see why they did it in a way, because with no health on the bosses, meaning there's nothing to reset in most cases, you'd barely notice your deaths, in which case you might as well have no dying at all. So the threat of walking encourages the player to avoid the boss' attacks more as they attempt to figure out what to do. Still, it's a fair complaint and something that a lot of people hated. There is also lots of walking around the overworld where there is absolutely nothing to do except walking to the next boss. In three cases they put in a simple environmental puzzle that prevents access to the boss, but that's all.The presentation is subpar. The main character makes me think of Dora the Explorer, it looks entirely out-of-place in an ancient world filled with ruins. The pixel art style is incredibly bland. The world is composed of a forest area, snowy area and volcano area. How riveting. I did not feel invested in the world, the character (i.e. the player character, as there is no other person alive in this empty world), or the story. If I did, I'd probably enjoy looking around a lot more than I did, even if there wasn't anything to collect or help with the gameplay. If you want a presentation that's very, very similar to this, but beautifully done and more interesting, play Hyper Light Drifter (it's also got excellent gameplay to go along with it).Some other annoyances pile up. In a few cases I could've sworn the arrow should've hit and yet it didn't. Stupidly, there is no pause button, presumably because Dark Souls didn't have one and this game is really shallow when it comes to its influences (also somethingsomething Shadow of the Colossus). Aiming long distances with such a tiny character can be frustrating because even the tiniest movement of the joystick can make you miss. A slightly longer arrow might help there visually. You also can't fire an arrow instantly upon the press of a button, which makes split-second reactions impossible. This wouldn't be so annoying if some bosses didn't require these split-second reactions, especially in hard mode.Ah yes, hard mode. So many bosses fall apart here. They are either almost the same as they were in normal mode since any changes made to them are negligible, or they ask for ridiculous precision that ultimately comes down to pure luck, or the game just accepts that what it's asking for is ridiculous (e.g. two of the bosses literally have areas around them you can stand in that allow you to completely avoid their attacks while still being able to shoot at them). I really did not expect such terrible and amateurish design decisions after the fairly well made boss designs in normal mode. Well, except for the ""last"" boss that is like this, with movements that are ridiculously fast and unpredictable, making it close to impossible to hit them reliably, especially with the delay on shooting the arrow. I was honestly amazed that such an unplayable boss made it into the game but hard mode showed me that's really what the devs think counts as a challenge and it ruined the game for me.Oh yeah, some people also complained that the game is too short for its price. It did feel short, but I bought it on sale. I don't know the exact length since I often made pauses and left the game running in the background, but I'd put it between 3-6 hours. With hard mode being terrible, there is only the no-roll mode to play after you finish the game, which I haven't tried.In short, if you buy this game, you should expect it to feel fairly simplistic and unpolished, but the one-hit premise is nice and the boss battles are mostly well designed around that idea. So the basics are there and they're made well if you're curious what playing against bosses like this would be like. If that's enough for you to overlook the game's numerous flaws in pretty much every other area, you will get a fairly enjoyable experience. I enjoyed it, but objectively, especially after finishing hard mode, I can't call it a good game."
,Not Recommended,297130,17631639,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,FuseSparking,"Everyone else seems to say what I'm about to say: this game is short, well made, but lacks depth or a truely satisfying experience.The very first thing you see when opening this game is a screen saying ""We highly reccomend using a controller."" As someone who has used both a controller and keyboard/mouse, i think its fair to say that unless your game requres degrees of acceleration in movement (like in a driving game), there's no dowside to Key/Mouse. Instead of including mouse aiming, Acidnerve decided ""Eh, ♥♥♥♥ keyboard/mouse."" That's not to say that Key/Mouse dont work. In fact, the game is completly completable with only 8-directional aiming, but then it becomes about positioning your character to take advantage of only being able to shoot in 8 direcetion.The graphics and music are both pretty, but nothing you haven't seen before. No real attempt is made to make either truely stand out.The boss fights are a very tense one-hit-kill scenario for both the player and the boss, but without any actual filler in between bossfights, there's no sense of tension, no feeling like you've overcome hoards of foes or mountains of chalenges to culimate in a climaxtic moment.Oh and the story is non-existant. There seems to be a hint of what COULD have been a story, within the scenery, and a few of the bosses, but something got scrapped along the way.In short, its not actually BAD. just dissapointing. If this game drops to about $5 I'd reccomend it as a short and sweet experiece. Until then, I have to give it a no."
,Recommended,297130,20139838,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Tactical Fleshlight,"One Shot, One KillTitan Soulsis an infectious action boss fight game that is sure to frustrate and bewilder. The protagonist wields a single magic arrow that must be used to slay enormous creatures called Titans. In an unexpected turn, both the player and the boss have but a single hit point--so any hit is lethal.Fair Warning:This game is much, much harder without a gamepad.GameplayThere are no enemies in the game other than bosses. In order to fight a boss, the player must venture through the overworld and find the boss stage. Within it, the player is almost guaranteed to die a dozen times before fully understanding the mechanics of each fight. Each boss fights in a different way (although some overall mechanics may be reused), and it is up to the player to figure out how to counteract it.It sounds easy, but the fact that the protagonist dies in one hit is really crippling and makes the game that much more punishing. If you aren't prepared to fight, all the bosses are fully capable of killing you seconds after you engage. Between dodges, there is not much time to calculate and execute an attack, and little room for error.MinimalismTitan Soulstakes a very minimalist approach. Aside from the two buttons and the directional keys, there are no other controls. Throughout the game, there isnoinstruction whatsoever. You will not find any explanations, hints, or even a world map. As a major pitfall, there are no items or unlocks, making this game lack any feel of progression. You find a boss, die a few times, then kill it. Repeat. This (lack of) feature preserves the difficulty throughout the game, but forces the game to deliver complexity through each individual boss fight.This game isn't an RPG, but looks and feels like it should be one. Most negative reviews criticize this game for lacking RPG elements, when it clearly isn't intended to be one in the first place.WorldThe world itself inTitan Soulsis very beautifully rendered in pixel graphics. It depicts a tranquil ruin, with a very mystic (and cryptic) feel. However, it soon becomes clear that something more sinister is at hand as you hunt Titans, juxtaposing the chaotic boss rooms and the peaceful outdoors. The soundtrack plays into this dichotomy well and is a very welcome feature of the game. Everything aboutTitan Soulsfeels ancient and colossal, creating a wonderful atmosphere.If you are looking for story-driven content, however, you won't find it in this game. There is no formal story; the game does not elaborate on anything and leaves everything up to assumption. But it is a really, really cool world.VerdictTitan Soulsis one of my favorite games, but I will be honest about it. This is a very difficult game that likes to capitalize on the player's stress. Expect only a series of short boss fights with a little extra space between boss rooms. Overall, I thinkTitan Soulsis really fun, but it isn't right for everyone. Get it if you crave difficulty and fast-paced 2D games."
,Not Recommended,297130,20980595,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,genoforprez,"NOTE: This is a GOOD game, but with one very big flaw.Unpopular opinion maybe, but I can't deal with the poor retry system, which in a game like this is kind of a REALLY BIG DEAL. I will change this to a thumbs up review if they update the game so that you can instant retry a boss or retry starting from a point very near the boss door.This is a game where the bosses are intentionally very difficult, where you die if you get hit only once, so you die CONSTANTLY and REPEATEDLY and OFTEN, but every time you die, you have to walk ALL THE WAY BACK TO THE BOSS CHAMBER. At first you dont mind. The bosses are challenging and exciting and they are really great quality fights.But in a game where the player is EXPECTED to die many many times, I do not understand the purpose of making the player tediously walk all the way back to the point of retry again, and again, and again. It's such a small thing, but it really is kind of a big deal. It's like playing Super Meat Boy, but every time you die, you get kicked back out to the main menu. Would SMB still be a great game if that were true? That's kind of the situation we're dealing with here.I will change to recommended INSTANTLY as soon as retries are no longer a pain."
,Recommended,297130,22879436,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,MasterMundu,"It's hard.You die from one hit.Got killed over 100 times.Bosses are 50 times as big as you.You only have one arrow.It makes you rage the hell out.And it is amazing.I really, really enjoy playing this game. Sure, it's hard, especially since you die from only one hit from the enemy, but it is fun as hell. The artwork too is really amazing, the music is very beautiful, and each boss is unique with it's own way of killing you.It is a really good strategy game with a lot of fast reactions, so if you're up to something like this, I would really highly recommand it.10/10 would become a discoball again."
76561197970906548,Not Recommended,297130,17578623,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,freeaxes,"I've see my complaint explained in far longer reviews. Those people do a great job of detailing the positive things about the game before they start complaining. You're reading this negative review though because you want to know why NOT to buy the game, so I'll just cut straight to it: with a game that is designed to be as hard as this one is, allowing the player to quickly retry the bit that they're going to be re-doing over and over is really important to keeping the player engaged.Making me run all the way back to the boss again from the checkpoint feels completely pointless. It's a waste of my time. Nothing is going to kill me on my way back, because the levels are completely empty between the bosses. Seriously... the only enemy I have to contend with on my repeated walk of shame... is boredom.Imagine a racing game where you knew that if you didn't NAIL the first corner, you were going to have to re-start to have any chance at winning the race. If that game made you sit through 45 seconds of loading screens before you could re-start the race, you'd want to throw your controller through the screen pretty soon. Same thing here. I can easily imagine that if I were to keep track of all the time I spent playing this game, over half of it would be spent re-tracing my steps between the checkpoint location and the fight where I was going to die over and over until I nailed the timing sufficiently to beat that boss."
,Not Recommended,297130,32455098,Posted: 15 June,all,KipofMudd,"As most of the negative reviews have stated, dying is almost necessary in this game to advance, unless of course you want to just watch a bunch of youtube videos on how to beat each boss. That's fine and all, however there is nothing in the hub world, at all, and having to walk back to each boss area from it's special spawn room is just boring. It kills the game. Patch in an immediate retry at the boss gate and this game wouldn't be so bad.Also aiming with the arrow is a ♥♥♥♥♥ a good amount of the time."
,Recommended,297130,16607611,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Jive Jesus,"PLAY THE DEMO FIRSTThis one is tricky to review because it's so much it's own game that it's hard to compare it to something or draw a correlation between fanbase and the game itself. For the record I really really like Dark Souls, and I like this game for the same reason I like Dark Souls -- simple mechanics, imaginative bosses, and great atmosphere.The controls arealmostreally tight, the bosses arealmostreally well designed, and the artstylealmostcomplements the world excellently. This game isalmostreally really amazing.I won't review the story because it's not a game you should play for the story, and anyone who thinks the story is bad or shallow doesn't realizeit's not an RPG. It just has a fantasy artstyle.ControlsThe controls are simple, but leave a little more to be desired. The rolling and running share one button which makes the dodging slightly clunky. Often one finds themself in a situation where they want to run one way but because the were facing a slightly different direction they rolled in a non-desired direction and thus killed themself -- this is my biggest qualm with this game.BossesThe bosses are super original and have interesting attack patterns. But the intense player-tracking makes the bosses feel unfair sometimes. It often feels like one is not outsmarting the boss, but rather the game itself. Although it still feels amazing to finally kill a troublesome boss with one well placed arrow. The ""Gotcha!"" feeling is superb and makes killing bosses very satisfying, especially on hard-mode.Artsyle/AtmosphereThe artsyle makes key areas, such as areas containing bosses, feel massive, but makes the spaces in between feel empty and void of detail. Travelling from place to place can seem like a chore but if the world were bigger, which is something a lot of people suggest, the travelling would be loathsome; so in terms of gameplay the world benefits from not being massive.If the game were slightly bigger, it could use more bosses, more structures, and more little puzzles and secrets to compliment it better, which I think would do this game a huge favour.ConclusionThis game is almost really really awesome, and it's painful how not stellar it is.It has everything required to be a widely loved and played game, it just needs some tweaking. Unless the devs believe this product, as is, is exactly as they envisioned it.In which case it's an all right game. Perhaps this game could have an awesome, balanced, better sequel that could be all of this.BUT I REALLY REALLY WANT TO LOVE THIS GAME MORE."
,Not Recommended,297130,20081556,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,valgas,"Okay, so first of all I should say that I did enjoy this game for a while. I'm an old school gamer, so the challenge was nice for me...to a point. I read the reviews about how hard the game is (and it is hard), but they didn't bother me because I enjoy when a game challenges me...if it's a fair challenge. The problem? Tital Souls isn't exactly a fair challenge.PROS:- The graphics and music are beautiful- The gameplay is unique and fun (for a while)- Exploration and a couple puzzles are highlights- Some of the titan battles are challenging and funI enjoyed the first half or so of Titan Souls. It could have been a much better game, had it been more like a ""Zelda"" type action RPG, but that's not what the devs were going for...unfortunately. As others have said, the game is basically a boss-rush game where you go from one room to another challenging giant titans. Some of the bosses were challenging and fun, and gave me a real sense of accomplishment when I beat them. However, the best parts of the game were exploring the somewhat vast world looking for the titans (and other secrets). There are even a couple instances of light puzzle solving, which I wish had been expanded upon. More exploration, more puzzles, and fewer titan encounters would have made a much better experience. The game only took a couple hours to finish, and when I was finally done, I was glad it was over.CONS:- An unfair challenge at times- It feels like you need to be lucky to beat some of the bosses- Giving a taste of exploration and puzzle solving makes you realize what this game COULD have beenAs I said earlier, the first half or so of the game is enjoyable. However, in the later parts of Titan Souls, it becomes a lesson in frustration as you repeatedly retry the titans over and over again. You typically know what you need to do to defeat the giant boss, it's just a matter of being pixel perfect in your execution. Even more frustrating is the fact that I defeated a couple of the later titans on pure, dumb luck. When I FINALLY defeated these titans that took me 30 tries, I felt no sense of accomplishment because I didn't really know how I had done it, and I don't really know if I could do it again.When you beat the Titan Souls, you unlock ""HARD"" mode and several other modifiers to make the game harder (like it needs to be harder), but I have ZERO interest in touching the game again. If I had paid $15 I'd probably be pretty disappointed, but for $6 (Steam Sale), I at least got some enjoyment out of it.Time to play another hundred hours of Spelunky..."
76561198085775649,Recommended,297130,23839077,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Kitsune May Fly,"For a 16-bit game, Titan Souls is beautiful.The gameplay is quite simple on paper.You tap X to roll, hold X to run, press C to charge your arrow, and release to fire.The game is basicly 16-bit dark souls.Very, VERY hard, but very, VERY, rewarding.I strongly reccomend this game if you like a challenge, love music, and the pixel-y art-style"
,Recommended,297130,23945691,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Mastic x),"INTRODUCTION/STORYTitan Souls takes the approach Dark Souls has with its story. It gives you little to no information and rather instead leaves you to sort of generate your own theories about it. This isn't a bad thing at all especially for people like me with ADHD. We easily get lost trying to keep up with stories and often forget important details. If you're looking for a story rich gamestop reading now and go look for something elsebecause you will be very disappointed.You will need some sort of controller if you wish to stand a chance in Titan Souls. The keyboard controls are pretty bad.GENERAL OVERVIEWTitan Souls is extremely simplistic and follows a pattern that you'll most likely come to love. Every boss is a 1-2 shot kill and you (the player) are also a one shot kill. Unlike many games where you the player may feel you have a huge advantage over the boss or vice versa I feel there's something special about Titan Souls. It may be weird to say but in Titan Souls I always felt I was on an even playing field since there is no progression (you never get any upgrades, throughout the entire game you have the same weapons, stats, etc) I actually came to love this. No BS, Titan Souls is all about skipping the grinding and getting straight to the chase; the bosses.COMBATCombat in TS takes a very interesting approach. You get one arrow which can be brought back to you by holding down the same button you used to fire the arrow. Your arrow will travel distance based on how long you charge it. This gives every shot meaning since whatever you fire you must either chase after or pull back towards you. The con of pulling is it you must stand still, this sounds like a very small thing but in TS this can make some very tricky situations during fights. Most fights come down to a matter of how well you can aim in fast paced situations.PRICE AND PLAY TIMEThe base game took me about three hours to complete. Upon beating the game you unlock a few other modes which can extend your play time but it's still the same game. I purchased this game during the Steam 2016 Summer Sale for about $3.75 and I can say it was definitely worth the price. I would definitely not puchase this game at full price though, I personally think AT MOST this game should be sold for around $10.I highly recommend you download the demo for this game as it gives you a few of the bosses from the game to see how you'll like it. This is the reason I bought TS and I can say the demo was in fact a pretty accurate representation of what the game itself is like."
76561198129127387,Not Recommended,297130,19363909,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Lawrence,"CANT PLAY WITHOUT A GAMEPAD,NO MOUSE CONTROL,THE KEYBOARD CONTROL IS A ♥♥♥♥ING JOKE."
,Not Recommended,297130,24328219,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Cae,"Looks a lot better than it plays. When you reduce and reduce and reduce a game down in the name of purity, there sometimes just isn't enough game left. Not outrageously bad, but you could get three better games for the $15 it costs."
76561198000965856,Not Recommended,297130,23844933,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Space Gravy,"Titan Souls isn't fun to play. It's not a terrible game from an artistic perspective, but it fails as an enjoyable experience for the average player.The game consists of a string of 20 or so boss fights in which both you and the creature you are fighting can take one hit before death. It's an interesting concept, but doesn't necessarily have enough legs to stand on its own as the sole gameplay mechanic of a video game.Most fights end in about 5 seconds (the time it takes for a boss to go through it's attack cycle) with either you or the titan dead. If you die, it takes ~10 seconds to get back to the room, where you repeat until the boss is defeated. Because death comes so quickly for both parties, the game becomes very frustrating when you lose and isn't rewarding when you win.The boss routines aren't difficult to memorize, and any weak spots are easy to find. That isn't to say Titan Souls is easy. It's a difficult game, but the difficulty lies in how well you're able to maneuvre your character and aim your weapon (both tasks can be incredibly frustrating), rather than how well you're able to predict your opponent.Titan Souls has a nice art style, great sound track, varied boss design, and interesting gameplay mechanic. However, because it adheres so strictly to this mechanic, the game feels frustrating in ways that could have been avoided.54 out of 89."
,Recommended,297130,31891549,Posted: 21 May,all,Ojos Espectrales,"I'm usually not a fan of difficulty in games. I always denounce the ""difficulty"" as a cheap trick. Titan Souls is built on honest difficulty. Its challenge comes not in the form of a cramped arena with a horde of enemies that spew projectiles, but in timing and positioning. Each boss is a unique puzzle with a unique weakness, and thankfully, you only have to shoot the boss once for it to die. The world is gorgeous, the music is delightful, and the bosses are stunning.And I love the plant monster wallpaper you get with the collector's edition too.Update: I just beat the true final boss of the game. It was beautiful in a wacky, what-the-heck sort of way.Update 2: I love being able to fight the bosses again as much as I like after beating the game."
,Recommended,297130,25761745,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Yu'Vo.Nova,"I don't even know what to tell, I wish there was a ""Not for Everyone"" button. But I can't keep myself from giving this game a big thumbs up. Simple and astonishing graphics, great soundtrack, various types of bosses, challenging boss patterns, well-fit locations. People who says ""Very hard bosses, boring"" etc. are completely not thinking their way through to find bosses' weak spots/moves or bought the wrong game. This game is like an isometric pixelart baby boy of Dark Souls and Shadow of the Colossus. I agree that game is challenging but it doesn't mean you can't enjoy it. Believe me, if this game was easier, you wouldn't get the %10 joy of geting a titan from the whole game.Overall: 82/100"
,Not Recommended,297130,33617621,Posted: 17 July,all,FTLOG_IAMDAVE,"90% of the game is spent dead or walking back to the boss arena, takes way to long to get back in the action after death."
,Not Recommended,297130,21984330,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Hyoscine,"I really wanted to like this, and I appreciate a challenge, but it just isn't what I was hoping for.Clearly the Souls series and Shadow of the Colossus are big influences here. This is what drew me to the game in the first place. Titan Souls falls short of it's inspirations though, and it's mostly down to the pacing, and the perspective.Pacing first; it's pretty bad. You're just going room to room, fighting boss after boss. The boss-only thing can work well, it was stunning in SotC. There's no exploration here though, no motivation even (why am I doing this?), no build-up... The game feels very flat as a result, compartmentalized and hard to lose yourself in. A big deal, I think.Okay, onto perspective. I don't mean in this in a 2d/3d or top-down/over-the-shoulder sense. Just that in SotC and Dark Souls, there are staggeringly large things to fight, but these games first show a world that is scaled to suit you. The awe/horror/wonder comes from encountering something that exists outside of your frame of reference. In Titan Souls, these ""giant"" boses take up as much screen real estate as you would expect the player character to. They appear to exist in stasis til you approach them; they're just... there. Sat in their sterile, square rooms, with no indication of purpose, no backstory implied. Maybe if the boses were more interesting, this would be less of an issue. So far though, I've fought a slime, a cube, and a different kind of cube, and I am just done at this point.I'm sure the game would reveal more of it's world over time, and I'm sure it's saving more interesting bosses for later encounters. I'm past caring though. The art is lovely, and some of the combat dynamics are interesting, but this feels like half a game. The incentiveless opening and uninspired first few fights have exhausted the good will that Titan Souls' art-style and influences had inspired. I'm uninstalling it now."
76561198052987160,Not Recommended,297130,20632002,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Red Rocky54,"FIrst and foremost, if you don't have a controller or gamepad you can use with your computer, absolutely don't buy this. There are parts that are almost impossible to do with just a keyboard.What about the actual game? Well, if you like having absolutely no difficulty curve, this is your game. You need to be able to pick up the mechanics fast in order to have any fun, otherwise you'll be constanly dying almost immediately, since basically any attack that hits will instantly kill you. And while dying might not be much of an annoyance at first, the longer you go on the more the game ends up being 40% loading screens, 45% transit between the respawn point to the boss room, 12% actually fighting the boss, 1% exploration, and 2% watching the boss smash your corpse over and over to add insult to injury.As far as the gameplay goes, you play as a puny weak little human with a bow and a single arrow that you can force pull towards you after it is fired. You use these to fight various bosses in rooms of various layouts and sizes reflecting the residing boss, and must use its attack pattern and your environtment to either get past the boss's defenses or hit its weakspot. This can be accomplished by directly firing your arrow at your enemy or by hitting it while you draw your fired arrow towards you. It's similar to being a top-down 2D Shadow of the Colossus, except all of the Colossi are the annoying, smaller, fast colossi, now with multiple methods of attack and where you simply have to observe their behavior for a few lives to figure out what to do. The primary challenge is simply in properly executing your plan without being slaughtered within seconds of activating the boss, which is very, very hard.All in all, I wouldn't mind the game so much if you respawned in the boss room, cutting out one of the loading times and all the time you spend in transit, and if it was optimized more for use with a keyboard and not just a controller. If it wasn't for those issues I feel I could really enjoy the game."
76561198077134316,Not Recommended,297130,15479113,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Mr Snow,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4lHoaXwtims&feature=youtu.beIf you like Dark souls-difficulty games you'll get something out of it, if you're more casual I'd stay away from it.  It'll only frustrate you more than anything else."
76561197977367024,Not Recommended,297130,31830084,Posted: 18 May,all,Kara Thrash,"This is a really good idea poorly implemented.Your weapon is a single arrow that you have to recall to you so you have to be careful with when you shoot and can tactically use the recall as a second shot.>Except you have to stand still to recall the arrow.Dark souls style boss fights.> Where the check point is far away and there is nothing but open bland map for you to slowly walk back to the boss.Shadow of the colossus style world.>Except there is nothing to look at, the bosses are all in kill rooms so you don't ""stumble on them"" and you move incredibly slow. Holding the run button increases your speed to a slow walk.Great ideas and some amazing potential but this game just doesnt work."
,Not Recommended,297130,21848143,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Kafkaish,"Pretty bad it every directionThe game is a mix between frustrating and overly simple leaving the boss fights feeling boring and dull, which speaking boring the game tries to envoke a sense wonder with its sprawling map leaving the player to explore. What this actually means is that you have to walk through empty map until you find a door and a boss, which once you die to the boss you are greeted with yet another slow walk to them.Everything is set up to inspire awe, but it all just comes up short."
,Not Recommended,297130,20595455,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,мallυne,no mouse support
,Not Recommended,297130,17166238,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,BlankDiploma,"You know what would make this game actually fun? A ♥♥♥♥ing ""Retry? y/n"" prompt. I can't believe anybody who developed or playtested this game thought it was remotely acceptable or fun to force the player to watch an obnoxiously long fade to black, fade in, respawn, walk back to the boss room sequence EVERY TIME YOU DIE in a one-hit-death game. I spend more time waiting for the game to let me try a boss again than I actually spend fighting them. Yawn.It's a shame, because the game seems fun, but I'm not going to sit here while it *actively* wastes my time for no reason."
,Recommended,297130,23742564,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Peasant,"Bought this game expecting to refund itEnded up surprised by how good it is.Simple, solid, challenging, beautiful and fun. Gameplay works perfectlyI can't find a single issue in this game apart from it being sadly too short.You'll keep dying over and over unitil you realise what you have to do.Negative reviews are, at their majority, people who think the game is too hard for them.The one arrow many deaths game. Feels a lot like Shadow of The Colossus!Titan Souls for some reason got a special place on my heart and i now recommend it to everyone i can."
,Not Recommended,297130,18650250,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Kappa Mikey Please commission me,It's a game that's more focused on being difficult and frustrating than fun. It's kinda♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198164255767,Not Recommended,297130,17259334,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Mono Monoko,"I wanted to like this game, honest, the music and the visual design are both gorgeous, but the gameplay was beyond frustrating, full of artificial difficulty tricks, and I felt absolutely no feedback from doing anything in the game. No way to interact with anything in the overworld, and no reward for doing the only thing this game offers, which is beating bosses."
,Recommended,297130,24872082,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Gendelf the Grey-ish,"READ ALL OF THISIn this game, you play as a person with nothing but a bow, and the rules of life are: one hit, you're dead; one hit in the right place, your enemy is dead.  The games seems like a walking simulator at first, but then you fight the creative bosses in the game.  The walking is one big complaint I see, but I think it is what the player needs: a time to relax after a possible strain of fight a difficult boss, or even, if you want to look at this like a rage game (which it reals like at times) it is time when you get either more frustrated or cool off, ready yo win or die again.  The game works fine with the contoller and most problems I had during the fight are my fault, not the controls.  Overall, if you are looking to do challenging bosses at a mild pace, apreciating the game and the scene it is in (especially if you are getting into the lore) I recommend this game; if you just wanna speed run and complain about the far respawn/save system, don't get it."
,Not Recommended,297130,22906403,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Metroidman12311,"Titan Souls starts out incredibly strong setting a tone for what the game will be like. the first 4 bosses were well designed and rewarding to fight. all had a puzzle that you had to solve or a plan you had to execute to win. Too bad it fell into a cheap tactics trap after those first few bosses.Most of what you'll think during a fight after that consists of ""what do I hit?"", ""when is it vulnerable?"", and ""how'd that miss?"". sometimes new mechanics are added for a single boss then forgotten. take for example the flower boss, you shoot an arrow in its mouth when it sucks in air. don't forget to pull the arrow back out and shoot this new opening before it can turn away from you though. if you don't the opening will close causing you to miss your chance at winning. every boss before this was just ""hit the weakpoint"" but this one requires you to know that A) shooting the mouth only makes the weakpoint visible and B) the weakpoint is open only long enough for you to shoot if you already knew it was going to open.The worst part about combat is that it only happens in singular rooms against the titans. the rest of the game is spent walking around in empty areas or walking back to a titan that killed you for the 20th time. It speaks volumes about the design choices in the game when walking around I'm thinking of other games I could be playing instead of this one."
,Not Recommended,297130,22012351,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Supreme Leader Derp,"It really looked fun... then you realize it would be if 99% of the game wasn't you running back to the boss chamber after every time you get hit.  1 hit you die, then a lengthy run back to the chamber and repeate.  20 tries later you kill the boss... no power ups, nothing.."
,Not Recommended,297130,35187870,Posted: 24 September,all,Chdata,"This video sums up my review:https://youtu.be/kIdYHbBo5CQSkip to 2:40 - 3:25----If you're interested in hearing how great this gamecould have been, check out the latter half of this review. This'll hopefully be good feedback for the devs, if they decide to read this.----The game starts you out with a couple of bossfights. Edit: Actually, the entire game is only boss fights.That's not really a problem (though is something they could've improved upon). Here's the real problem.The first one is somewhat manageable, but the next two definitely feel like they were designed for people who've somehow already mastered the system after only one battle - or in other words, the devs who are already very used to the controls and timing.Everything is a one-hit-kill apparently, so you might find yourself restarting constantly a few times just trying to figure out not how to get smashed by the cube boss.The game has a lot of potential - as the graphics and sounds are all fairly good. The graphics and animation are the reason I bought the game.Edit: After looking at the community guide and seeing what more bosses are like, yeah, there's a huge amount of lost potential here. A lot of the graphics and animation are really amazing. On top of that, a lot of the bosses look very creative.Unfortunately, the gameplay just doesn't check out.----Before people go on about how I'm just a bad gamer who dislikes hard games, that assumption is wrong.This game would have definitely been more well received...1. If it wasn't just boss fights, and there were actual creative Zelda-like normal enemies and areas to explore.You know what makes me sad about Fez? It haszeroenemies and bosses. If that game had actual combat, it surely would've been something amazing, just like Super Paper Mario.2. If the game actually had a difficulty curve, instead of dropping you into what feels like endgame bosses.Imagine if the first area were more forgiving and you at least had 3 hearts or whatever. The second and third cube bosses had weaker versions, while the ones you encounter here are the endgame hyper versions.The game would've been overall more playable, and people would only be dropping out (if at all) near the endgame instead of the very start of your game.Instead of a playerbase of only people who put up with that stuff or really like a challenge, you could have a playerbase of pretty much any gamer.----After looking around on the community hub, I also came across that quick kills guide, which kind of immediately trivializes many bosses by showing you a way to beat many of them without the boss being able to get much of its attacks in.Honestly, it would've been better to throw these bosses in a more Zelda-like game with a little bit of back-and-forth, where you're going to have to actually survive the boss's mechanics for a bit, but you're also not a one hit kill.Perhaps that's the reason Link's arrows don't just instantly kill bosses for shooting them in the eye.Oh, and I'm not kidding at all about making iteasiernot an instant-kill game. It's actually very important.https://youtu.be/ZH2wGpEZVgEhttps://youtu.be/oi0sz_aXiGUI guess I can't imagine enemies like that eyeball cube not being an instant-kill, but perhaps the sequence where he ""rapidly moves towards your direction to crush you instantly"" could simply be one of his attacks, instead of what he does all the time, where he's otherwise normally slow and more manageable.In the mean time, the cube would have more than just one health, so you wouldn't be able to cheese the boss from the start, and will actually have to fight it even if you look up a guide.A simple change like that also allows the laser attack to remain as an instant kill too.Overall, it'd feel much more like an actual boss fight that way.----I'm definitely looking forward to anything the devs of this game might make in the future, if they learn from the flaws of this game and improve upon them.If I have to be really nitpicky, I think the magnet arrow thing is a little awkward or strange to use, and that they should try slightly different mechanics for the weapon. Perhaps I only had a problem with it because retrieving the arrow forces you to stand completely still, in a game where you should be constantly moving, so I can't do what I intuitively want to do, and retrieve it while walking.That on its own isn't a big issue though. Perhaps it wouldn't have even been a problem if there were a difficulty curve that teaches you to deal with it being this way.----I understand that the devs like the difficulty of Dark Souls and the idea of challenging gameplay.But I think that could've been retained by pushing it into the endgame.Maybe it's because I'm tempted to compare this game to the likes of literally any other 2D game, rather than 3D game.Maybe it just didn't feel fun to actually try and solve bosses beyond the slime boss. I had fun fighting the slime boss, because it felt manageable and I was able to learn how to beat it blindly.As soon as I got to the eyecube and brainfreeze, this feeling was lost. Maybe it's because the slime boss actually had pseudo-health, so I thought I was actually damaging it when I wasn't. The heart of the slime boss kind of came out of nowhere for me, but I understood that that's what I was supposed to do immediately.I also had a good idea of what to do against eyecube and brainfreeze, but against them it felt a lot more difficult to actually properly land a hit on them, or to even retrieve your arrow after you lose it.It was with those two bosses that I could tell that trying to land the hit on them would be stupidly difficult and require crazy timing. (Until I saw the quick kills guide that is).Compared to... I Wanna By The Boshy... it just didn't seem like it'd be as fun to actually overcome those walls.I played IWBTB all the way to the Kirby levels where your screen is constantly flipping, which I only dropped out of halfway in after getting tired by the screenflip mechanic.In IWBTB, it was at least fun enough for me to overcome the rooms involved and progress.If I had to say why, perhaps it's because there's a much more instantaneous respawn. I forget how close you respawn to where you die in that game, but I do remember it being very instant and quick to get back to where you go.That kind of thing helps balance out a difficult game, as you at least get to keep going at it constantly. I've ran TF2 servers where a lot of instant-kill happens, and I always couple it with instant respawn to make up for that. Respawn times just aren't fun in an instant-kill environment.So yeah, it was a little annoying having to wait for that very small few seconds or so to run all the way from spawn back to the boss I was trying to figure out.Edit: And it looks like my intuition isn't wrong here. Other people have complained about it too. Maybe it's a good thing Momodora put checkpoints right outside of boss rooms?http://steamcommunity.com/app/297130/discussions/0/618458030655379691/http://steamcommunity.com/app/297130/discussions/0/358415738187079977/The thing you want to capture is the frantic feeling of hitting a boss with difficult timing while dodging it, not so much being dropped out of the fight quickly for every little mistake or thing you need to learn.----By the way. Mouse support?Good thing I just happened to buy a controller last week. But really. Does this game really not have mouse support."
76561198003069510,Not Recommended,297130,30613637,Posted: 19 March,all,HarVeeGee,"Nice idea but there's a fundamental mismatch between the things the game asks you to do and your characters movement speed and abilities. In theory fighting tough-as-nails bosses under the condition where both you and they will die in one hit should make for a fun & exciting experience. In practice you're navigating massive arenas with a guy that moves like he's wading in molasses, against an enemy who flies around like they're rocket-powered, waiting for a tiny window of opportunity to launch your attack which, when it comes, you might not be able to take anyway, and not through any fault of your own. Maybe the enemy has flown too far away, maybe the ridiculously unforgiving and fiddly aim is off by a half millimetre so you miss (the visual indication for where you're aiming straight up doesn't show you the same number of angles that you can actually shoot in so you *can't actually tell* where your arrow is going at least half the time). Whatever it is, a lot of the time the main reason you beat a boss is because you got lucky that time, not because you learned how to win the encounter. Fundamentally flawed game design given what they appear to have been going for.And to top it all off every time you die you've got a half minute walk of shame back to the boss room, and the world is uttely barren except those boss battles (which tend to last only a split second the first few times you take them on) so get used to doing that a lot.It's a shame, usually this sort of thing would be my bag. But it just doesn't work."
76561198071626471,Not Recommended,297130,33328940,Posted: 6 July,all,Eisvogel,"Well, there are quite a lot of negative reviews that kinda contradict each other or their own premise, in particular some saying that this is a failed attempt to ride on Dark Souls, pointing out the exact same things Dark Souls does => no story whatsoever (i mean really come on, dont go lore on me now), no pointers as where to go or how to proceed, and basically try and error until you die enough as to learn the patterns (yeah don't give me the skills speech, of course you need skills to go all out and prevail in Dark Souls, but the first time around is all about dying endlessly while you learn each part and enemy).Enough of that though, the game is simple, the mechanics are simple as well and it's a nice game, more than a bargain when on sale. The ambience is nice, the boss are fun to fight and learn their patterns, and the achievements are funny (at name alone, some seem quite the pain xD). All in all, a game to have fun with that's prefectly fine.... you will surely ragequit if you are not into the kind of games that have this kind of learning curve and that are One Hit Kill, instantly making you regret it if you take it casually or make mistakes.The reason for a negative review though, is that you can hardly play it well without a controller. Devs should have clearly adapted mouse use to aim when without a controller, else you are stuck with 8 fixed directions that make the game just painful and barely playable, you have to try to manually adjust your position to match the angle you want to fire your arrow. More like ""recommended"", it's absolutely necessary to aim. That's quite the oversight"
,Not Recommended,297130,20855600,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Lord Necro,"Everything about this game is such a great concept but you spend most of your time just walking around between fights. Because of this, the game is just tedious and you spend barely any time actually doing anything, and, by extension, enjoying the game. If you respawned instantly at bosses, say, instead of having to walk back to them every time they kill you (you die in one hit btw), then this game would be great. As it is its just plain boring and even somewhat frustrating."
,Not Recommended,297130,22918953,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Skiveron,"Titan souls is an interesting game marred by too many flaws to recommend.The basic premise of the game is simple, walk to some bosses, fail and learn, rinse and repeat till you finally kill them. Titan Souls does not fail in this aspect, the bosses are varied, and the strategiers for them are varied enough, although many of them fall into the ""find weak spot"" trope. The sense of accomplishment and relief when you finally nail the killing blow is definately great and will make you feel Titan Souls is a game worth recommending.Only if you analyze deeper will you find its flaws. First of all, the bosses and your life, is all one hit. Thats it, its kill or be killed. Unlike epic boss battles in other games, just as Zelda where you are up against a boss and its a tactical duel till the end, some of the fights end up feeling like a die roll. Roll 5-6 and you win, Roll 1-4 you lose. Although skilled and frequent players will eventually develop their skills to the point Roll 2-6 will be a win, players who just play the game to beat it will feel luck more often than skill in many of the later fights.Another problem is other that the boss fights, there is not much to do in the world. You walk through some scenery to get the boss. If you die to a boss, you do the walk again. The walk back manages to tbe short enough that it doesnt feel that tedious, however there is definately an element of game length padding going on here. This is more damning considering the game takes around 4 hours to beat.Fanatics can try to do the hard achievements for replayability, however, there is only 1 weapon. Theres no ""lets try to kill the boss with this weapon now"" variation, no ""can i beat the boss without the counter weapon"" personal challenges.Overall, this game is not bad at all, just 6/10. I wouldn't recommend to spend $15 on it."
,Not Recommended,297130,21341754,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Arkan01d,"The game is just about Boss battles. That's it. I'd have liked some mobs in between just to get the hang of the controls. Or better still, mobs that mimic the Boss's powers and weaknesses before each battle would have helped to get an idea of how to combat each boss.As it stands, just expect to die about every 30 seconds as you walk into a room, get murdered, and have no idea what to do until 50 deaths or until you give up and look at a guide.To summarize, this game is challenging, but rewarding. However, the fact this game refuses to do anything to assist the player in learning the game is a major turn off for me. It's a Grinder's grinder and that's just not my style."
,Not Recommended,297130,21955276,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Young Pluto,Your greatest enemy in this game are the stairs on your way to the bosses.
76561198052982791,Not Recommended,297130,21110381,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Scorp,"The controls felt loose and not well done, which sucks because half the game is literally how well can you move. half the bosses felt uncreative and slightly unfair, they felt like the creators added some mechanics just to make the game harder, not more interesting. It also is very short compared to what I thought it would be, which is compounded by the fact that half the time is walking back to bosses after dying."
,Not Recommended,297130,30102707,Posted: 22 February,all,Buck,"Amazing graphics and soundtrack, but the game is way too hard. Sorta took away from everything else for me."
76561198058135852,Not Recommended,297130,33058656,Posted: 30 June,all,rc,"It attempts to be a mix of Shadow of the Colossus and Dark Souls in a 2D format, but unfortunately without the charm of either. Each bosst attemp will take several tries before you know what to do and even then the clunky controls can make this difficult. Wouldn't recommend this game unless you are buying something cheap as a time waster."
,Not Recommended,297130,15373348,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,5 Bears On Patrol,Slow walking simulator.
76561198015024562,Not Recommended,297130,17130062,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,wredd,"Really eager to play this game, but the game doesn't recognize my xbox usb controller input. Really hope they update this..."
,Not Recommended,297130,25852167,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,argoms,"Straight up unplayable without a controller.Not a worse experience (see: dark souls), it's literally impossible to aim at anything other than 45 degree intervals in a game about precisely aiming your bow. Like seriously, what the ♥♥♥♥?"
76561198015520440,Recommended,297130,26587024,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Ace,"I have this both on ps4 and on steam (it was free on psn one month). I've beaten the game probably two dozen times now and am slowly working through the achievements. I absolutely love the game and here's why. Although you ""need"" a controller to play the controls are great. The mechanics in the game are simple and responsive. The bosses are interesting and different from one another. If I die I never feel like it was because of a flaw in the game. I always feel like if I died then it was because I messed up and I think that is very important in these types of games. Do not look up guides on how to beat the bosses at least for your first play through. The discovery of finding out how to beat each boss is part of the fun. Yes, I think having to walk all the way back from the checkpoint to the boss room after you die is a bit annoying but I also think that adds to your desire to beat the boss. *Reading the other reviews I think some people are missing the checkpoints in each area. After dieing it should usually take you 5-10 seconds to get back to the boss* The game can get very frustrating and is quite challenging so if you don't have any patience then I wouldn't suggest it. oh and just FYI, you and the bosses die in one hit.+Good mechanics+Fun and interesting boss design+Visually appealing graphics+Awesome music+Good replayability if you're into achievements+Challenging-Walking back to the boss after dieing could be tedious for some people-Some achievements are a bit ridiculous ""No deaths run"" *I'm still going to try and get it though haha-A tiny bit expensive but if it ever goes on sale then absolutely grab it8/10"
,Recommended,297130,26640661,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Noct.BYZZ4,dark souls liked difficulties.very nice gamenice cool soundtrack
,Recommended,297130,24749554,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Night Road,كل منطقة فيها رؤساء وكل واحد فيهم له طريقة مُعينة لهزيمته.تعتمد على التخطيط والذكاء. روعة
,Recommended,297130,31088049,Posted: 11 April,all,AoA | MrPerser,Titan Souls is one of my hardest games I have ever played.You have to tryhard to defeat your enemies.The art style looks great and the soundtrack is amazing.Why should you buy it?- The success feeling after killing a boss is really big- The game has a really really good atmosphere- The game has many bosses- The map is very large- It makes a lot of fun to play the gameContra..- You have to move your character with the arrow-keys- You can't use your mouseI recommend this game to everyone who likes to tryhard and to play pixelart 2D games.
,Not Recommended,297130,19308206,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,gatesda,"Fast bosses, one-hit death, and no chance to observe beforehand mean most battles are over in a few seconds until you've died and retried enough to learn the enemies' attack patterns.  Many bosses also have a puzzle element that will take even more retries to solve.I like a good challenge, and I think I would love this game...except after every death you have to trudge back from the save point.  In the two hubs I encountered, there were stairs leading from the save point up to a fork, then more stairs to the various bosses — and stairs slow running speed and prevent rolling.This game could so easily have been straight awesome challenge.  Instead you spend more time getting back to the boss than actually fighting it.  Imagine a 15-second countdown every time you get hit.  That's not difficulty, just tedium."
,Not Recommended,297130,19301222,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Alik,Ok game.  Crap keyboard support. You can't rebind the keys.  Reload after death is long enough to be annoying.  Would prefer as quick a reload as hotline miami.
,Not Recommended,297130,22892559,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Mahkeil,"I want to like this game, but I'm pretty sure I'm developing ulcers just trying to contain my rage...It's a bueautiful game.It has cool bosses that are unique in a sense.The music and setting is nice, albeit a little drab.Sadly, there are so many little faults that kill and even enrage me at times.FIRSTLY, there is no ability to use the mouse at all. I don't own a gamepad, so I have to use the 4 arrow keys (You're not allowed to choose any of the key bindings) as well as 'X' for roll/run and 'C' for drawing your bow (letting go to let loose your one arrow) and again using 'C' to telekinetically/use the force to pull your one arrow back to you.Now using 'C' in any capacity, your character is unable to move. You need too move almost every half a second or you will die. What is cool about drawing your arrow back to you is in some cases it will hit parts of (one bose that I know of) and damage what it hits. Sadly it comes to you at about 10 miles per hour, meaning that if your arrow is across the room, it can take up to 3 seconds to reach you. THREE WHOLE SECONDS TO STAND STILL. It's relativally safer to roll around, hoping not to die, to the other side of the room to manually walk over your arrow.My biggest hatred about the controls, you're unable to change them, and you have only 8 directions to aim in with the keyboard (Giving you roughly 24 of 360 degrees that your arrow can land with any amount of skill). Were it that bosses stood still or were slow, this wouldn't be as big of a problem. Unfortunately, just about every boss moves at extreme speed, and has on't one, hard to hit, weak spot. If you hit said weak spot, the boss dies. Too bad you'll never hit that weak spot will any skill. (Yes you can hit it with skill, but...) You'll only hit it because of luck. It's so much more luck than skill that you feel like you never learn anything or get any better.Aim in one of 8 directions, fire arrow at quickly moving target, miss weak spot, roll around room and pull arrow, leaving you wide open for death, get arrow, run from danger in any given directions, feel safe and ballzy enough to aim in one of 8 direction, etc.. (Not even counting for all the death and walking you'll be doing)Controls aside, the other main reason this game frustrates me to no end is, everytime you die, which you will die upwards of 10-30 times per fast or confusing boss, you respawn at the last checkpoint you stepped on. Every checkpoint is between a 10 and 30 second slow walk from every boss room. Thinking about it, that's like 100 to 900 seconds spent purly walking to a SINGLE boss whilst thinking to yourself ""I feel like a f**king idiot"" or ""I hate myself"" or ""I can't punch the screen.. I can't punch the screen..."". That's a lot of time building up frustration or boredom.HAD YOU DIED (Instantly as soon as the battle begins, I might add) AND RESPAWNED IN THE ROOM BEFORE THE BATTLE, RATHER THAN SPENDING SO MUCH TIME WALKING BACK TO THE ROOM, I would enjoy this game tremendously more.There's no room for error, you're slow and easy to hit by giants, and there is no ability to skillfully aim your shots.You walk to boss, you generally die soon after the boss fight starts, or stall for several minutes.. and still die.. then you walk back to the boss. It's like bullet hell, one life, walking simulator.LASTLY, there is no story, there is now leveling, there is no equipment. You don't get better, there is no reward. (With a gamepad, you might be a little skillful, actually being given the ability to aim your shots)In the end (assuming you have the will and the calm enough, which I don't) you get to fight possibly 20 bosses, of unfair difficulty, and not feel any better after spending hours killing any of them. You either feel like there was nothing but dumb luck, or you'll feel frustrated, even after killing a boss. It's nothing but bitter victory and in the words of a beloved Grump ""SO MUCH, GOD, DAMN, WAITING!"", with no reward.I don't hate the developers or even the game. I like the idea that the developers continue to make games, cause they have programming skill. I only hope future games have less frustration... maybe the ability to use the mouse, in place of a joystick some of us don't have... and a little more reward or at least story to give the game life, you know.. beyond all the death you'll be experiencing.For the people who have enjoyed this game, I'm glad. I just wish I had enjoyed it more myself."
,Not Recommended,297130,22316159,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Profile,"The game sells itself too hard. If it was cheaper, sure. But all the bosses are kind of gimmicky so far, and the main character could do more than simply fire a single arrow than retreive it, and oh, dodge. 5/10 wait for it to be on sale."
,Not Recommended,297130,22366312,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,OriginalSINe,"I was really excited to get this game. The concept and atmosphere looked really cool, and it definitely is. It looked like Shadow of the Colossus meets Legend of Zelda meets Dark Souls. It was in my wishlist for a long time, and I finally bought it about a week ago. I've been playing it off and on all week, and I'm just a bit disappointed. It's really fun when you're doing the thing that the trailer advertised: Fighting interesting Titans. However, you barely actually do that!The Titans themselves are extremely simple to figure out. Their weaknesses are readily apparent, and their AI is very simple. Their AI usually boils down to Attack 1 -> Attack 2 -> Vulnerable, repeat till one of you dies. Most of the time you can just dodge and observe for the first couple cycles, then kill it the next cycle. The game quickly becomes reptitive, but still somewhat fun. I haven't beaten the game, but that seems to be the trend here.Some of the Titans are actually interesting, and a bit more troublesome. When you inevitably die against one of these Titans, you will respawn at the last checkpoint and have to walk back. This would be fine, but the interesting Titans seem to have the doors farther from the checkpoints than the boring ones! After you play for about 30 minutes it becomes apparent that you're going to be walking back to the troublesome Titans for most of the time you're playing. I'd rather the game just be one long ""Boss Rush"", where you just fight one boss after the other. There's not even an unlockable mode for it either, which is disappointing.All of this is made worse by how incompetent your character is. I would describe his normal movement speed as a ""brisk walk"", and his run speed as a ""slow jog"". It's much to difficult to tell where your arrow is actually going to go, which leads you to miss shots you thought you had. The roll is uselss in most fights. I mostly just use the roll to get around the world map faster, because the run is even more useless. There's even a no run/ roll mode, further emphasizing how useless they are. Which reminds me, the overworld is really big and there's no map.Overall I like this game and have fun during the interesting Titan fights, but am heasitant to reccomend it because of how little you actually get to fight them."
,Not Recommended,297130,20272037,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Yoolis,"This game isn't bad, but it leaves much to be desired.If you're into atmospheric games with intense fights, you might want to pick this game up when it's on a big sale. Playing through it is decently enjoyable. The fights are diffcult and intense, and figuring out how to beat each boss feels like a small puzzle. The art style looks very nice and the music and controls (if played with a gamepad) are decent as well.That said, the game has serious issues. The one-hit-death mechanic makes the fights intense, but taking up to a minute to walk to the boss again after you've died really becomes tedious after you've done so a million times. Some fights are also extremely anti-climactic in the opposite way, where you kill the boss in under 5 seconds. All in all the fights aren't very satisfying.Recommend only if you thoroughly enjoy the genre and it's on sale."
76561198096929687,Not Recommended,297130,19519808,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,叫你不戴帽子,"Too much time wasted on walking between boss and save point.This is a game about fighting with bosses, but I don't know why there is such a large world map. Sometimes the wrold map is just like a labyrinth and it finally runined my game experience.Cogratulations!  You beat me. Not the boss , but the endless walking and labyrinth ."
,Recommended,297130,20438234,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Shymain,"Titan Souls is an amazing game. It has been a great experience playing it, and I'm nowhere close to done at 9.2 hours. There are two main parts to this review: Firstly, responses to some common complaints, and secondly, the review of the game itself.ResponsesWow. Some of these reviews make me doubt humanity itself -- not because they're negative, but because so many of them are stupid. One by one, let's go over them.""This game doesn't have enough puzzler/RPG elements in it.""Contrary to semi-popular opinion, this is not an RPG nor a puzzler, but an action-adventure game. While I agree that the few elements they added in were nice, and I would have liked more of it, it's not obligated to have features from other genres. This complaint was reasonable, compared to the others, at the very least.""The game makes you walk too far to bosses.""For the majority of bosses, I found you could reach them in under 10 seconds from the closest save point. There were two that you couldn't, Onyxia and Avarice, and they were both around 15 seconds total. Yes, I get that you die a lot -- but it's a purposeful decision to make you have to walk back. Do you know why that time is there? It's because you're supposed to bethinkingabout what to do next. That's what I did -- the first couple fights with the boss, I would roll around and try to survive while figuring out the pattern, and when I died, I took the time walking back to try and fomulate my strategy for the next time.""The boss battles are easy to figure out, but are hard to execute.""If you can't execute correctly, you haven't figured the battle out. It's pretty obvious what the weak spots are, and if they're hidden, it's also decently obvious as to how you expose them. The strategy part isn't about figuring that out -- in fact, if you don't quickly figure out the weak spot, you might want to have your head examined for brain damage. The strategy part is in figuring out how to work with and manipulate the mechanics of the boss battles so that you can defeat the bosses.""The game requires a controller.""No, it really doesn't. I get the annoyance at not divulging that using a controller is a better choice before buying the game, but it really isn't required. I beat the whole game on normal mode using the keyboard controls, and then with a Dualshock 4. Now, I am a WASD person, so much so that I remapped my whole keyboard when playing Undertale so that I could use WASD instead of arrow keys. This game isn't so hard that you can't use a keyboard. That being said, control customization is always a preferred feature to have.Actually, wait, that's only partially true. You'll be royally screwed if you try hard mode with anything other than a controller, I would guess. Haven't actually tried yet, as I'm using my controller to do so.""We should be able to use a mouse.""No. You should not. Part of the difficulty of the game is planning the execution of the battles. being able to click on your target is basically an aimbot in this case, as opposed to just pointing in a direction. A mouse would make the battles significantly easier than they were designed to be.""There's no story.""Yeah, because it's not a narrative-driven game. That being said, there actually is a hidden story, if you care to uncover it.""You/The Enemy dies with one shot!""That's integral to the concept of the game. It's a rather good concept, in my opinion.""You have to pull back your arrow!""That's integral to the concept of the game. It's a rather good concept, in my opinion.""It's SO SHORT!""*Glances at time played*No, it really isn't, unless you're just playing it once through. If you are, then sure. 2.5 hours will be about right for you. The game is fun enough that I enjoy replaying it, hard mode takes FREAKING FOREVER, and the achievements are moderately difficult to get and fun to try and get. I have 9 hours of gameplay, and I'm not stopping anytime soon.Yeah, that's about it for complaints. I may update this.My ReviewWhat is there to say? This is an all-around excellent game, in my opinion. The art is amazing -- although, that may just be because I have a love of really good pixel art -- the soundtrack is very good, and adds a whole layer of atmosphere to the game, and the gameplay is fun, if infuriating at times. (To be fair, I get angry pretty easily.) I think the concept behind the game is great, having the one-shot kill be mutual, and having only one arrow that we can use. Limiting gameplay like this is always interesting, and fun when executed well, like this.The bosses are excellent, unique, and fun to fight. True, there are maybe two pairs of bosses that have similarities (one of those intentionally), but it's no big deal in my opinon, as they are noticably different. The fights themselves are awesome, being very strategic and action-packed at the same time, which is always a great combination. This was a game that really made me think about what I was doing.I guess I could say more, but there really isn't much more I need to say. So I'll leave this here -- who knows? Maybe I'll update this at some point."
,Recommended,297130,23834386,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,MasterNite,"Welcome to the exciting world ofDarkTitan Souls.This game is not for everyone, this game is focused in masochistic people (like me), everybody says that this game is so hard, impossible or even unfair, those people can go **** themselves because this game is in the middle point of difficulty.Nice graphics, awesome (and balanced) gameplay and excelent soundtrack.You can easily complete this game in 2 hours in your first run.But, this game is just boss killing. It needs more adventure or NPC's, even more harder bosses too.9/10"
76561198320332831,Not Recommended,297130,24759456,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Sanchez_FAM,"Titan Souls has a lot to offer. A beatiful soundtrack, amazing retro style graphics, challenging gameplay, and most low/mid spec pcs (to my knowledge) can handle it. But, it is simply not fun to play.Every time you die to a boss (which will happen about 90% of the time), you respond at a checkpoint in the overworld, and you have to travel a long way to get back to the boss. After losing, I just want to fight the boss right away. I don't want to have to roll across the good looking but, empty overworld to return. It may seem like a minor gripe at the game but, it made me lose intrest over time.I do however recommend this game if you want to really test your patience and/or it's on sale."
76561198068648180,Not Recommended,297130,29704068,Posted: 4 February,all,Master of Suicide™,"Titan Soulsa Story about how how severall small things can ad up quickly.Shortreview:I would not recommend it.Instead consider Hyper Light Drifter, Furi or Salt and Sanctuary if you are looking for some funn and challing Bosses (and if it has to be Pixel style Hyper Light Drifter got that aswell)Sadly Titan Souls is not finetuned enough and stands unpolished the way it is, something not quite acceptable for a Game as hard as this oneMy Whole Story of Titan Souls:The First time I saw Titan Souls I was amazed by what I saw, breathtaking Bossfights in a Charming Pixelstylewith only one Special Arrow and a great soundtrack playing in the background.And after some (short) consideration time I bought it and was eaget to play it, but realized it was way harder than I would have imagend it to be and decided to tackle it as soon as I had some spare time and no final exams needing attention.So I deinstalled it and actually forgot about it for some time, till I realized it was still lying around here waiting for me to come back to it. So I wanted to make a Let's play of the game and this time without any stress or exams I should have the concentration to beat this game, at least so I thought.I quickly realized that the positive Image I had about this game was not the whole story here, as there are several small things that all together kill the game to quite an extend.1. One Hit Death, every source of damage kills you instantly. Alone this would be no Problem but it will be in combination with:2. Having to walk to the boss from the nearest Checkpoint, this again would be okay if the checkpoints were in front of the Entrance to the Boss. But there is usually only one for about 2-4 Bosses and it is normaly quite some time away.3.The Areas are all charming at first sight, but lack details and get repetetive and boring very soon. The Ruines we traverse do feel vast and empty, but not in a good way. Combining this with having to walk to every Boss again and again really is a big problem.4.No easymode no Upgrades no levels, there is no way to make your Charakter faster or give him more health. So there is no way to escape the One Hit Death problem, also as there is nothing to find that has any gameplay value in the world, it get's even more empty and depressing, as reaching a hidden area can only be rewarded by Lore stuff. (and even then the lore stuff seems out of place, as the worls has no structure behind it that would explain why something is where it is)5.Learning by Doing. Normaly it's no problem in a Game to get better at a Boss, as youre fights take some time and you can watch him and his moves for this period of time. But here many Bosses Greet you with some attack that you have to know in order to evade it properly (and not by sheer luck) but as they kill you one hit you only learn very little till you manage to dodge theire moves by already knowing them.6.Resolution did not work at first and I had to search for a guide on what to do in order to get the thame to be displayed correctly.So these Things, all alone not enough to break a game together manage to completly suck the funn out of the experience and make it to hard to enjoy the game in my eyes. I played all DarkSouls parts, as well as the whole ""SoulsLike"" stuff, and I never was as unmotivated to play on as I am here, even the Capra Demon  in DS1 or the MAgical Unicorns in SaS were not as frustrating as this game.I have to admit that I love the Soundtrack, and the Forest area has enough interesting sprites to look quite nice. Also the Bosses have quite a lot of variety to them, and the Mechanic of shooting and recalling one arrow is used in many diffrent ways in some of them.The Pixelart itself is quite nice, the controller Input was working well without any troubles and exept the Problem with the Resolution I encountered no Bugs/Glitches or Crashes.I wanted to love this Game, but In the end I have to admit that it is in no way what it wants to be.Get Hyper Light Drifter if you Want a Pixel Art Game with challanging Bosses and a great overall style.Or Furi if you simply want to fight agains BossesOr Dark Souls if you want a good but hard game.Or ...well to be honest this could go on and on here, the problem being Titan Souls is not the best in any of his Genres and for a game as Speciall as it is that says quite a lot.For a last word, I read about the developers having quite some problems with several critics and negativ Reviewers and so even there it's sadly more of a con than a pro argument for the game if this is true.Sorry for Ranting so long here, I want to make Reviews as detailed as I feel tehy needs to be...and in this case that is fairly detailed...if you did not manage to see that already."
76561197964960015,Not Recommended,297130,23943265,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Simon G,"Difficulty & Game feelorHow to not♥♥♥♥♥♥off your playersI was really excited about this game. The visual universe is beautiful. The music works really well. Mechanics are originals and interesting. I was ready to die 100 times trying to kill thoses bosses.But after an hour, I had to rage quit. Not because it is hard, but because the punishement is too harsh. Dear game, you don't have the right to waste my time, I pay you to entertain me.  Being anoying is not a ""style"" it's a game design mistake.I remember playing Max Payne back in 2001. There was those really hard rooms with a lot of ennemies and you had to try a dozen different strategies before finding the winning one. But this game had an amazing feature that I had never seen before. When on the ground, defeated, shamed by your poor performances, you would punch any key on your keyboard and BOOM back in the game, no loading screen. Best thing ever! Back into action right away. I would play this game four hours non-stop. You die, BOOM back into action, die again, BOOM back to killing those mofo.You don't need to punish the players for failing. It's a game! Failing is punishement enough.Please dev team, add an option to spawn at boss door."
,Recommended,297130,16537573,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,One-man Stampede,"This game is ludicrously hard, to the point where it's not even funny at times, or fun for that matter. Now I can't really fault the game for being too hard, I'm sure my lack of skill is partly to blame. Even so, this game will take a lot out of you.Let's start with my only real substational complaint: The respawn times. While I understand that the game is meant to be thought-provocing and atmospheric, every time you die, you have to wait a second or so before the screen fades to black, and then another few seconds before the screen fade in again, now at your last checkpoint. This might not sound like much, but the battles are incredibly fast-paced and intense, and you can only take one single hit before dying. This means that respawning REALLY breaks up the gameplay, and often. Perhaps the long wait was meant as a punishment for dying, but it made me mad at the game rather than myself, even if I did fault myself for my death. You can assume that .4 of my 4.4 hours were spend waiting for the game to let me play again.So! Now that that one complaint is out of the way, let's praise the game a bit, shall we? The Titans are diverse, and while defeating each one can take many, many frustrating tries, doing so is quite rewarding in the end. The game looks gorgeous, a real treat for any pixelart lover. The music is also fantastic, doing a great job of setting a more calming mood outside of battle, and having a varied library of Titan Themes. That's what I'm calling them.Now, I'll be frank and say I only got through the game all the way to the true final boss out of sheer unwillingness to let this relentlessly difficult piece of virtual entertainment beat me, and near the end I was mostly incredibly frustrated, but as I've said before, this was at least partly due to my own ineptitude. But in the end, it felt incredibly rewarding. The true final boss will likely stick with me for months to come.Titan Souls offers a challenge. A real challenge, one that doesn't last too long, but it'll feel like a terrible eternity. And when you finally beat it, you'll be glad you did. Just be prepared to get very, very angry."
,Not Recommended,297130,15395183,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Shinigami667,I was stoked and excited for this game but then after I picked it up I learned that one of the Devs is a crybaby who can't take criticism without ♥itching or wining on twitter/social media all because a game critic said the game was not for him. These developers Egos and paper-thin skin are slowly killing indie games in general and it needs to stop. But If your really intrested in it wait for a Hoilday sale and never pick this up for full price. Now to make the people happy who are *itching about my thoughts on it and said I did not give a legit review of it. here you go: The game is super short you fight 19 bosses total (less if you know a certain way around it to skip them to go straight to the boss after a certain point) both you & the bosses are always one hit kills and I still run into glitches while fighting some bosses for example cliping into the giant ice block when trying to dodge roll away from it and getting stuck in the block until you clip out or die and it feels like I'm playing a beta or early access game and felt like I'm waiting for the rest of the game to come in a update and the fact that you can't use mouse and keys for this is just dumb for a PC to not have mouse and keys support and if you don't have a xbox 360 or PS4 controller it becomes unplayable.  Not worth the $15 for something you can speed run in under 30 mins. But the soundtrack is great if anything get the soundtrack instead.
,Recommended,297130,23715008,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,theerroe,"Titan Souls is a phenomenal example of intuitive and gripping gameplay mixed with a captivating environment and game space. In this game, you play in a consistent one-hit-kill combat system, which in most cases (other than the slime boss) both you, the player, and the enemy bosses have one life point. Each boss has its own puzzle which the player must figure out in order to beat it, very similar to Shadow of the Colossus.As maybe you can tell by the unjustly downvoted reviews which this game has unfairly receieved, it is difficult and albiet can be frustrating at times. However, the reasons for the negativity this game continues to recieve are so wrong. In the game, there is a checkpoint system which begins at the start of each set of bosses, and as you take down each boss within that zone, the checkpoint glows up in a circle facing the direction of the boss which you defeated. Most reviews complain that this checkpoint system plainly does not work and the wait times between each boss battle cripple Titan Souls as a whole.I argue that the checkpoints and wait times further immerse you into the world, redeveloping your sense of environment and atmosphere. The time it takes to walk between the checkpoint and the boss allows the player to decode the boss's puzzle and give them a moment to sit back and rethink everything. The checkpoint placement, being at the middle of all the bosses, allows for the player to stop going after one boss and maybe switch to another, reducing possible frustration and enforcing a sense of universal strategy developed across bosses.Titan Souls is an all around fantastic game and I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,297130,24778010,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Apophis,"This game is special.... Great atmosphere, amazing(!!!!) OST and beautiful design and fun yet hard bosses!10/10 game, espacially for these 5 bucks."
,Recommended,297130,24701365,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Useless Inn Keeper,"People hate this game for the running to the boss fights. Honestly, that's fair if you're not a patient person. I was busy gawking at the environments and getting artsy about how beautiful all the quiet was, and how it lended a unique emotional atmosphere to a game about killing bosses. It's the difference between a lonely and mysterious journey, and a game about making the player feel like a giant-crushing badass.If this game were only about killing bosses, it would leave you at the boss door when you died. But this is a game that is as much about questioning the strange nature of your task as it is performing it. Why is this world so empty? why is all this architecture worn away? why are you the only human?The hidden giant face that speaks to you, and asks why you're doing this. It's afraid. and it doesn't know why you would hurt it.All of these guardians protect a single gigantic door, on the other side of which is the spirit of yourself, and after the credits, the Truth. The truth appears as two wheels covered with eyes, which then reveal another pair of wheels, and finally a great big monstrous thing. These four wheels share an appearance with the four biblical Ophanim, guardians of the throne of God. (and that final monster, god himself?). with that context it might make sense why the whole world is guarding the entrance to that area - they are protecting god.And the only other human from you, who also has your power, presumably a titan slayer like yourself, seems to have changed his mind and decided to defend the throne of god as well. Perhaps he, too, saw the Truth, and understood why this world is empty, and accepted it rather than attempted to destroy god for it -- and this is plenty of speculation, i know -- because God was forced to end humanity. And maybe the other archer came to understand the reason?I haven't played through all of Truth mode yet, so I don't know what else the game has left to say, but I will say that if you play this game with curiosity and patience, rather than pure focus on killing the bosses immediately, you may have a wonderful and fascinating experience."
,Recommended,297130,24871194,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Registered Fur,"Brutally difficult and simple, titan souls is just on the edge of rage game territory, and I loved every minute. It's the best game of this style since shadow of the colossus. its worth $15."
,Recommended,297130,24675664,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Aastla,"+ The pixel art is great.+ Music is awesome.+ Bosses are challenging.-  Only singleplayer.-  Suitable for hardcore gamers only.-  Not comfortable to play with keyboards.Overall a great game. I you like pixel art and love hard adventure games, this is the choice for you."
,Recommended,297130,20308327,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,A$AP Newell,This game is hard as♥♥♥♥♥♥ Get ready to swear. Controller recommended.
,Recommended,297130,27045869,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,☆ YAEKIDA ☆,JUST ONE MORE TRY GUYS
,Recommended,297130,19336004,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Dio Brandu,"It's good, believe me"
76561198322219251,Recommended,297130,24754639,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Panda.Wave,"I seriously love this game, it is so much fun and I just have a blast playing it. It's challenging, but fun in the end of everything because you feel great for killing the boss. Also the graphics and art is one of my most favorite art styles ever. I highly recomend this game to anybody that likes Indie games."
76561198062434871,Recommended,297130,27893120,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Minasami,I love this game so much... but I also loved my gamepad...
,Recommended,297130,28382612,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,swarlos,"Jogo difícil, divertido e com um visual mó legalCompra"
,Not Recommended,297130,18041270,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,NIMSEP,"Tiresome. The concept of a 1 hit kill game could be really awesome but I found myself feeling tired and cheated rather than invigorated and callenged, and this is coming from someone whose favourite game is dark souls. The gameplay consists of boss after boss, with little to nothing inbetween except pretty landscapes, all of which can 1 hit you with any of their billion hurtboxes all of which guard their hitbox which you must hit at least 3 times. I really wanted to like this game because you can see the love that's been poured into it, but after multiple attempts I've resolved to deleting it from my library; officially giving up. All round this game was a saddening and frustrating experience. The graphics are alright though, somewhat clunky in parts but all over an interesting feel. It just felt like""difficulty""was favoured over gameplay. If the bosses were 1 hit kills too then maybe I could make it through, but I'm sorry, I'm giving up."
76561198282339297,Not Recommended,297130,22085108,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,mckhuss,"Super frustrating, not cause of difficulty and having to repeat one fight 50 times to get it right for once but due to long loading screens and spawning far away from each encounter after death. Often times boss attempts may end in 10 seconds and it will take you 20 to respawn and walk back to boss chamber again. I do not mind games where you die alot trying, super meat boy, i wana be the boshy etc but in all of theese respawn time after each death is short and you can get straight back to gameplay. Here? 70% of time its walking back to boss chamber from spawn point located far away from it."
,Not Recommended,297130,21947042,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,dweeziL,"One of the games artists was upset totalbiscuit wasn't interested to this game and took to twitter to attack him. The biggest curator in steam gaming. For this reason alone I don't recommend the game.As far as the gameplay is concerned, it's more of an indie-dark souls-lite. If you must buy this game, get it on sale. It is not worth full price."
76561198169396504,Not Recommended,297130,22075729,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,PlazmaSquid,"Like Cup Head  meets Shadow of the Colosess. Worth about $5 maybe $6, could be short, and pretty graphics and boss fights are ok, but no story, no other challenge, no upgrades.  Game feels a lil incomplete.Map like Cup Head, Bosses only like Shadow of Col.Game lacks a story, to keep you ingaged, the constent walking back and forth after dying gets on your nerves.with such a large map, they could have added smaller enemies, to build up the hype for the next boss rather than have it be just bosses. ""Ex. No More Hero's""Its a cool concept, But in the end this is a very hard game to recomend to anyone. Its more for the hard core challenge, test you reflex gamers. Not much lore, graphics are pretty.Map, Its large and you can go to different area's by walking. Problem, TO MUCH DAM Walking. the map is pretty but again, nothing but walking.No collectables, upgrades or anything. Could be lazy design, could be called art. I'll call it both.My big problem, is that most of the time when you kill a boss, you don't get satisfaction all the time, You feel like you got a lucky shot. most just have simple attacks, and then it all comes down to timing.EditAll around wanted to the love this game. but one you beat all the bosses, there is very little to bring you back in the long run. I'm sorry"
,Not Recommended,297130,21880973,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Smog,Imagine if Shadow of the Colossus was not fun.
76561197980905598,Not Recommended,297130,21941952,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Clericopter,"I wanted to like this game. And there's a lot to like. The atmosphere, design, and the titans themselves are all wonderfully well-crafted. But a couple of major flaws stick out like sore thumbs and thoroughly spoil what would've otherwise been a fantasically well-executed concept.Flaw the First: Checkpoints. Many other reviews have pointed this out. When you die at the hands of a titan, you don't respawn at the entrance to the arena, but at the last checkpoint you crossed, and then you have to trudge back to the arena to start the fight again. The journey may be a short one, but since the fights themselves can be even shorter, this impedes the flow of gameplay, especially since the journeys are uneventful and repetitive. If the intent was to allow the player to decide to fight a different titan when they die, this was an ungainly way to do it. I'm sure no one would mind walking back from the arena to the checkpoint after respawning if it means we can get back into the action that much faster.Flaw the Second: Difficulty Plateau. You're free to fight the titans in any order you please, and I suppose the idea was to offset the high level of difficulty with a glut of choice. In reality, the lack of an actual difficulty curve (combined with the poor checkpoint system) only means that you'll likely be frustrated no matter which titan you choose to fight. For a game that borrows so much from Shadow of the Colossus, it's a shame they didn't try to emulate the excellent difficulty curve of that game.I think fixing the first flaw would significantly diminish the second. The two parts of the game -- majestic, moody exploration and fast, twitch-shooter action -- are best kept segregated, rather than abruptly switching between them as is the currently the case. EIther way, until one of these glaring issues are addressed, I can't really recommend this game without fear of losing friends."
,Not Recommended,297130,21964649,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Superfluous,"Game is not worth buying if not on sale. (like SUPER cheap)1. learning curve is too steep. Ther're a few aspects of each boss fight that are  just overkill e.g. like having to avoid falling ice and then finding a line that is clear of said ice to take a shot of the weak spot of the boss that only shows rarely in its pattern is too much.2. to add insult to injury you have to walk all the way back to the boss just to have your face kicked in again and again. This will happen every time you die. over and over and over.3. controls are clunky - you can only shoot in 8 directions left, right, up, down and their diagonals. You will realise how useless this feels when a boss reveals its weakspot for a split second and even though you're right next to it you cant shoot it because its in between those directions.NEEDS to be played with a controller. AND you cant change keybindings even though every PC gamer has been trained to you WASD keys to move. Making difficult controls is not the way you should be creating difficulty for your game but that's a sure fire way to♥♥♥♥♥♥people off.-----------Sure this game is pretty cool in its concept but it's delivery was not. Simply brutal and jagged. Dont care if that's the atmosphere they were trying to create. I'd much rather cut myself than play this game."
,Not Recommended,297130,21968126,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,b0wter,"Despite my history with challenging games (e.g. Souls-Series, N, Super Meatboy, ...) I do not enjoy this game too much. The world, while being beautiful is basically pointless. The game would be the same if the bosses were just chained one after another. There is nothing to discover, no secrets. In fact, if there was no world I had one issue less to complain about. Since this game is about learning patterns und trying bosses several times it is just annoying to have to walk to the boss after each atempt. If you're unlucky you die in the first 5 seconds of the fight just to watch a 5 second respawn animation and a 10 second walk to the boss room.The boss fights are annoying as well. A lot of the fights feel extremly random. If you're lucky you can defeat a boss on your first try but sometimes things just dont work together well through what feels is no fault of your own."
,Not Recommended,297130,21982479,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,DamnItIMessedUp,"Tell me if I'm wrong but, aren't games meant to be fun? No? Just me? Alright...Only recommended for the baddest of asses... or just people who like walking from a save point to a boss room, admiring the pixel art..."
,Recommended,297130,31867062,Posted: 20 May,all,Average Maeve Main,"I'm not even that far into this game but I can tell this will be a game I'll look back at in like 5 years and think ""Wow, I miss that game, I should go play it""Instantly fell in love with it. I can't wait to put more time into it and finish it.This is probably a cliche game to relate it to, but I HIGHLY recommended if you like Dark Souls, it game me the feeling I had when I first started playing Dark Souls for the first time years ago.Also:-Love the music, I could listen to it all day.-Love the aesthetic of the game.10/10."
,Recommended,297130,23972484,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Luke,"This game was pretty damn fun. I died a lot learning how to play, and had pretty damn awesome moments where I killed a few bosses in 1 hit. It was a pretty incredible experience. I would definitely recommend this game to those who don't rage quit. It reminds me a lot of Teleglitch. <310/10"
76561197989609619,Recommended,297130,24128172,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Watchtowerr,Don't know what the game  is about but I loved the hell out of the boss fights! Beating the game alone just unlocks more goodies to  make  it even more difficult. The music and graphics really held up the immersion it  is  definitely a beautiful game. People really enjoyed watching it on stream as well
,Recommended,297130,24718436,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,sonata,"This game can best be explained as the expression or application of human creative skill and imagination, in the visual form of retro style graphics, producing a product to be appreciated primarily for its beauty, emotional power and challenge.*Unplayable for the casual gamer"
76561198075552663,Not Recommended,297130,19351765,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Elemental,"This game is very basic, i would not waste my time playing this game. Its kind of stratgic but like i said basic shoot and roll not any more exciting than killing a boss."
,Not Recommended,297130,19450427,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Shawnecy,"I want to like this game. I really do. It just feels like it's difficulty for difficulty sake. And some of the boss mechanics feel borderline unfair. It'd all be worth it if there were some kind of feeling of progress after you defeat a boss, but instead it's just ""oh, I gained a soul."" And as far as I can tell, that's just a counter that gets incremented. After 4 or 5 bosses, it felt like no progress character or story wise. So I was just left wondering why I should bother with the frustration of these bosses.On paper, it's a great idea: take old school Zelda-ish mechanics, retro pixel graphics, and apply them to a Shadow of the Colossus/Dark Souls type world. However, those games had story depth, gameplay depth, and/or character progression. Whereas this game has little to keep you around when the boss fights begin to feel frustrating.Perhaps I missed the narrative or maybe I didn't find the gameplay aspect where my character gains levels/abilities. As is, I think the only people who should pick this up are those who really like difficult games and/or pixel graphics. Otherwise, save your time and energy for a game that has more to offer to the player."
,Not Recommended,297130,20058006,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Panda,I mean its a good game and i thought i wwould have fun... But no. The controls you cant change X C and the arrow keys?!!? after a minute my hand hurt. Also the one hit death. Atleast they could havethe arrow instantly come to you or move while aiming or waiting ofr the arrow. So much potential wasted.
,Not Recommended,297130,20165784,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,halfskye,"Still very early in the game, but so far the instadeaths and respawns have been pretty brutal and unfun."
76561197971411710,Not Recommended,297130,20222760,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Inconmon,"It starts out very promising and the first fights are quite fun, before it becomes the same over and over again.1) Dodge around to survive to see the attack pattern (easy)2) Identify the weak spot of the titan (easy)3) Try to hit the weak spot of the titan with perfect timing (annoying)Shame"
,Recommended,297130,31879935,Posted: 21 May,all,loose,It's very hard but doesn't get me raging like super meat boy. 8/10
,Recommended,297130,28533208,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Izeo,"Highly recommend this game, read on to see if it's a fit.Overall - This game is a clever mix of puzzle-solving and boss fighting, wherein you're doing both at the exact same time. Once you've ""figured out"" the boss, you work on executing it. My time to complete was just over 2 hours, YMMV.On the ""long walk"" comments - I didn't find any of the walk-backs (well, run-backs) to be longer than ~15 seconds, it's the perfect amount of time to think about what you just experienced / how you can improve your micro (or come up with a better solution that's easier to execute). If you find yourself running a long way, you probably didn't stand on a checkpoint circle.On patience required - I didn't find myself getting frustrated until the very last few bosses, where the controls start fighting you. Deaths are usually funny and most bosses have a solution that's easy enough to execute on, and the fun of analyzing/strategizing while dodging/testing ideas -> I beat the game in one sitting, never had a thought of wanting to take a break, loved every bit of it (except when that damn roll button fought me).To the devs -- Aside from the implied compliments of the above, would love to see the control scheme improved. I'd recommend just taking out ""run"" so that button can only be roll and the responsiveness/cooldown can be made very clear. I haven't tried the ""no run/roll"" mode, but I'd just settle on one movespeed to have at all times during combat, and perhaps allow ""sprinting"" when outside of combat (also helps with all the 'long run back' complaints, two birds one stone! :P )"
76561198136617166,Not Recommended,297130,21865576,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,leestevenson80,"I want to tell myself that I love this game, I try to tell myself that I love this game...but sadly and recluctantly, I have to admit, I don't! Hat's of to the developer, the concept of the game is exactly want I've wanted in a game since I fist picked up a controller all those years ago. But for me, this game is to much style over substance! The difficulty is way to steep, and this is coming from a guy who regulary plays the classics! (megaman/battletoads ect, ect) And whilst I get the whole minimulist theme, I just don't think it works well in this format. My biggest gripe with the game, is'nt the fact that you will DIE, DIE and then DIE some more. It's the fact that when you do DIE, you have to travel back to your murder scence and this takes time and effort and after your 3rd or 4th trek, it all becomes a total drag! No matter how expansive and mystical the landscape appears, on your 5th journey through the same area, you just start losing a connection with the game. It's a real shame Titan Souls is'nt designed better as it really could have been a Titan."
76561197970447700,Not Recommended,297130,21860098,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,oneclipleft,"I don't think I've ever rage quitted a game so fast in my entire life. Not sure why I would continue to throw myself at nearly impossible bosses for little to no reward. Others have mentioned the annoying checkpoint system, but to be honest I didn't even get far enough for it to start annoying me. The bosses were already enough. No thanks."
,Not Recommended,297130,21860689,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,SimplyMatt,"The game takes its inspiration primarily from Shadow of the Colossus and Dark Souls; I personally believe they're great games. Mechanically, The largest influce those two titles have had on Tital Souls is 1) the level of difficulty and 2) the boss-fight based style of SotC.Now, within the original games these aspects are used near flawlessly; however Titan Souls become stuck largely because of it's scope.The reason Dark Soul's diffulty and challenge works so well as a gameplay point is that due to the complexity of the game and variety of things to do eventually overcoming the challenges it throws at you is rewarding. Killing the first boss, or even first few enemies in that game is satisfying as it demonstates the players ability to learn and master the many systems the game incorperates. Titan Souls meanwhile offers little satisfaction is this regard as it is incredibly mechanically simplistic; you can walk, roll dash, fire a single arrow and have to retrive it in order to attack again; the use of all this isn't hard to grasp, you'll have done so before encountering the first enemy. To get a solid grip on Dark Soul's mechanics might take the better part of hours of gameplay. That's where the fun lies. Titan Souls offers a challenge in a similar elk to DS, but in such a condensed manner that it can feel like a repetative slog, as opposed to a bountiful system of intricate trials.Meanwhile, for Shadow of the Colossus, the game does boil down to largely consisting of just sixteen bosses, but it's everything that truly makes the game; the sprawling map to explore, along with the visual feast of it's unique graphics style. But, back in Titan Souls, the world offers little in the way of exploration outside of the bosses, with the map serving as a overworld map, linking the individual boss rooms together. And as for the graphics (and yes, they do have a certain charm) are not too dissimilar to the art style of numerous other games; leaving the world, in part, uninteresting to explore and venture into.As a final point, I know how little I've played, but I've given it a go and seen the game and personally, it's just not for me. It has taken cues from some fantastic games that I hold in high regard, taken their essence, stripped it back into something so simplistic and acute the fun was left out."
76561198106798733,Recommended,297130,23059981,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,AlphaCore,"Seems to be the 2-D counterpart to Shadow of the Colossus. Now I haven't played SotC, but I thought I would try this game out since it looked interesting! OMG I was right.This game is simply amazing.The game starts with you waking up in a large unkown area and your job is to go around and defeat a bunch of different and challenging bosses, just like SotC.The game is a heavy trial and error genre, since you have to keep replaying bosses to find their weak spot. The bosses only die in one hit but so do you. This in turn makes it incredibely satisfying when you finally defeat a boss.One problem I had with the game was that it was really difficult to find your way around in the beginning. I get that the game incurres exploration, but I just found the map a little too huge. It didn't take long before I got tired of this and then I decided to follow a guide to find my way around and it was so much better. It is recommended to try to kill the bosses without a guide though, since it kinda kills the point of the game, but feel free to use a guide for exploringIn conclusion the game is really great and immensely satisfying to complete, but before of the difficulty. The navigation problem nowhere near makes the game bad"
76561198031324858,Recommended,297130,31845575,Posted: 19 May,all,Bayonets_,"this game is really fun, its got a great story, and great bosses! if you like a game, with a great story, fun bosses, cool pixel art, and cool features, like climbing vines, and only one arrow. then this is the game for you! anybody who likes indie games should get this game!"
,Recommended,297130,24661037,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Supernintendoh,"For the short Period of time I had with the game, I must say it was fanatastic.1 Boss : Looks easy and then I realized, Nope2 Boss : Well Dam!3 Boss : How the hell. Oh, okay, I understand now. 10 trys later. Finally4 Boss : Well Dam.... I have to work later so ill come back and play some more.Game is a must play. 1 Life 1 Bow and single Arrow that you must keep reusing. 10/10Recommend Gamepad Strongly"
,Recommended,297130,24720263,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,^4SparkzThrowz,I really enjoy this game yes this game is and can be a very hard game but i find it to be also very much enjoyable at the same time you will die hundreds of time but this game is a trial and error game you will need to die sometimes to figure out how to beat the boss you are fighting and i say that this game is worth the money.
,Recommended,297130,24287838,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Knuckles,"Its like ""Shadow of the Colossus"" But a 2-bit versionGreat game, no other way to say it besides other dictionary terms.It has a simple story, simple controls but the puzzles involved with bosses is pretty difficult."
,Recommended,297130,24413305,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Yuu,"Simples e objetivo. Razoavelmente dificil, ótimo jogo para passar o tempo."
76561198095151494,Recommended,297130,24729408,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,200g of sadghetti,10/10 It's not often that i get this engrossed in a game.Well worth it's price.
,Recommended,297130,19970170,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,PoptartPriest,"I'm surprised it doesnt say ""Titan Souls: Prepare to Die Twice Edition""I'v died more in this one game then i have in dark souls 1 and dark souls 2 combined.I'v killed 5 titans and have died 70 times so far and im still playing this damn game.There is literally not a single enemy BUT bosses.If you want a challenge that will consume you and force you to win then this is the game for you.10/10 will play over and over again"
,Recommended,297130,20052233,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,gewoon Job,"I really really liked this game. killed all the titans, and it was great! there is a wiki if you realy cant kill the boss to figure out how to kill it. i used it once and i regret it. solid gameplay and i surely walked a lot to the boss rooms, but it was worth it. 9/10."
76561197996616965,Recommended,297130,20002346,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Moreno Machine,"CLASSY Boss battle game. These guys know how to create a game with retro appeal and engaging combat with EPIC bosses.  It's interesting how games with amazing 10/10 graphics don't have great gameplay. its a puzzle game/ shooter game. Basically, dark souls in a 2D link-style world. Its worth the buy."
76561198175644517,Recommended,297130,20005750,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Grand Slorse Overlord,This is a great game that reminds me of shadow of the colossus.  The art style is great and the soundtrack is eaqually amazing.
76561198071574936,Not Recommended,297130,20050429,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Moonman,To hard m8. = plus i cant change the f***** controls
76561198022091996,Not Recommended,297130,19482431,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Benevolent Brain Slug,"The game is playable, but feels incomplete. Outside of the boss fights there isn't much to do. A couple of ""puzzles"" some pretty, albiet empty, landscape and a couple ""secrets"" are the only other features. I spent about an hour actually fighting two hours walking to the fights, and another looking for any secrets (if you can call them that) of which there are few and all are underwhelming. I don't recommend getting the game for anything more than $5."
,Recommended,297130,31853062,Posted: 19 May,all,ZeekTheCat (Gamekit.com),"This game, though somewhat expensive (Thank you for dat sale tho), is very creative and difficult, yet fun. Highly recommend a gamepad though!"
,Not Recommended,297130,19718284,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Toasthat,"Unfortunately bad game.The gameplay consists of:1. Walking around world looking for bosses2. Fighting bossesEach boss is designed around the fact that you technically only have to get one hit on their weak spot to kill them, but they can kill you in one hit as well.I think this is a great central mechanic to build on for a game, but in this case, it is literally the entire game. The only reward for defeating a boss is progressing to the next boss.There is progression in terms of learning how to dodge and kill each boss, but this learning process becomes very tedious and unsatisying when you have to walk from your last checkpoint to the boss over and over.If anything, this game taught me why health bars are so important in video games: They allow you to make mistakes and learn without the learning process becoming frustrating and tedious."
,Not Recommended,297130,32703705,Posted: 23 June,all,Arcturar,"Like others have said: generally strong concept, if deflated slightly by borrowing too much from Shadow of the Colossus. Okay visuals, decent lore, nice music, generally strong boss design. Judged on artistic merits Titan Souls is a thumbs up, although the graphics are nowhere near the ballpark of Ori or Hollow Knight or Hyper Light Drifter, or even really old 2D games like A Link to the Past or Super Metroid.Unfortunately, the gameplay is extremely hit and miss. One huge issue is that majority of game time is spent running back to each boss after dying, which feels bearable at first but quickly becomes a major pain. Even more damningly, memorized positioning and luck are rewarded far too heavily compared to reflexes or skill. There are several exceptions to this, and these handful of Titan battles are the highlight of the experience. Finally defeating Titans does feel rewarding, but only for a moment as the next bout of frustration comes almost instantly. Exploration is highly underwhelming (there is almost nothing to find), there are no other monsters to fight in the world for a self-esteem boost, and there are practically no puzzles to mix up gameplay. Overall, Titan Souls is a boss rush mode stuffed with mediocre 2D walking simulator filler.It took me just over 5 hours to beat it using a keyboard, a huge chunk of which I was stuck on the final final boss and a handful of other insufferably annoying Titans. Being locked to firing in 8 cardinal directions feels really limiting and makes an already difficult game even more difficult. The game does recommend using a controller, but why were better KB+M controls not implemented (like aiming with a mouse)? It's possible that a controller would alleviate some frustration, although looking at other reviews maybe not.Tough call to make - and several bosses really do have wonderful visual and gameplay designs that are fun to experience - but the game is definitely not worth $15. I got the game for 75% off and even then it often made me wonder if I was wasting my time, despite only being 5 hours long. A small bit of polish and more respect for the gamer could have gone a long way in turning this into a positive review."
,Recommended,297130,19381749,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Mr. Fox,"Get this game! Between nostalgia, landscape design, and the level of challenge this game is an instant classic in my book."
,Not Recommended,297130,22993041,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,corwin,"In this game all you fight are boss.  The best way too think of it is this,   zelda but only boss and one weapon.  The weapon is a spear that you can throw then pull back too you. This game is vary hard and you die a lot.  It is very satisfying to finally kill a boss but what ruined the game for me was the walk back to the boss. Every boss requires learning his moves and his weakness and dying a lot in the process. So the walk back over and over again, I suspect, may equal or surpass the time actually spent fighting the boss. I don't understand why you couldn't respawn in the boss' chamber.    The walk back means you can't get right back in the action.   Outer games where you die a lot like super meat boy or hotline miami understand that fast respawns are very important.prosthe controls are responsive and fluidthe environment is unique and colorfulboss fights are engaging and challenging as hellart is amazinganimation is amazingsoundtrack is amazingconsno storyno replayablegame is short, beat the game in 2 hoursrespawns you away form the boss and makes you walk back to the boss.  This walking sim part of the game is boring and annoyingno level or boss editorno mods and no mod supportno upgrades or skills, what you have from the start is what you have at the endonly one weapon/attackno upgrades, no skills and only one weapon means no rewards for killing a boss except killing it"
76561197971026485,Not Recommended,297130,20099300,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Citiant,"While this game was interesting and fun, I do not see how the price justifies the content in the game. I purchased the game on sale and I think that was even too much for the content of this game. Fully complete the normal game in about 2 hours. I like the concept, just.. need some more depth."
,Not Recommended,297130,19360176,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Hyphen-ated,"I hated this game. I really like the premise of a 2d pixely clone of ""shadows of the colossus"", and I enjoyed it for a while at the start, but almost none of the bosses were satisfying to fight. They're mostly just strict timing challenges. Most were much too easy; a few were much too hard. Usually I beat a hard one by getting a lucky shot that semi-randomly just hits and kills them instantly, so I didn't feel any exhilirated sense of accomplishment after beating them like I usually get from hard challenges in most games. It was like ""oh. the fight's over now. okay. huh."""
76561198054117594,Recommended,297130,19603113,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,hypersleep,"So I just finished the game and wanted to share this review with you. Please take your time reading this and let me explain under what conditions I recommend this game.First things first:-This game has a splendid soundtrack for most of the time. As music is a very personal point at least I can say (as being a musician myself) that the music fits to the overall atmosphere of the game.-The graphics are beautiful compared to other top down games from this century (such as hero siege, relic hunters zero, hotline miami 2, etc.)Now lets get to the gameplay. I played it with the keyboard and had no complains about the controls. I wont describe how the mechanics are in detail but rather point out the results out of them.-It feels smooth to run around the world and shoot and so on-Depending on what boss you are on it feels more or less lucky to kill one. For some bosses i was disappointed that it worked, for others it felt just great and satisfying-You learn the tactic of each boss by dying to them several times before even discovering their weakness. This can be annoying as for some bosses it takes too many deaths or more likely too much time. This phase of the bossfight is the most disputable one in my opinion for as you know how to kill a boss the fight immediately depends only on your reaction and skill to bring it down and the game starts to get what it was ment for: fighting bosses and kill them (not discovering how to do that)-The respawn time is fair and the way to the boss is short enough-The overworld is relatively big but its the perfect size. You are completely alone in this world except for the titans. Hence an encounter makes the titan feel exalted and mighty and the main character just small and weak. This is a brilliant effect just reached by games like ""Shadow Of The Colossus"" and makes this big world worth exploring and the games atmosphere so magically-There is no real story in this game. This is a huge minus because you are willing to know why you are killing these titans and what is going on in general. At least there is some text appearing as you walk through the game that gives you the idea of what is happening but it is just too little to get this satisfying feeling of a progressing story. But this game does not rely on a story to thrive in atmosphere because the ""not knowing"" what is going on underlines the unsettling encounters with each titan-The Titans themselve are well crafted. Each has its own mechanic and the developers were pretty creative in making them all different-The game is really short with its 19 bossesThese are my impressions of Titan Souls. I would like to conclude by saying that this game is worth a try and is developed properly. BUT in relation to its length it is not worth its price at all! I bought in on sale and so should you do unless you are a complete fanboy of top-down-2d-pixel-graphics-boss-fight-games.An adequate price in my opinion would be 7€/$.Thanks for reading and excuse my bad english."
76561198121639506,Recommended,297130,19951044,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,SantaIsNotFake,It's a really fun game but the controls are a pain in the♥♥♥♥
76561197969702076,Not Recommended,297130,19775686,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,MisterFlibble,"Do you like frustrating games? This is absolutely the game for you. Some people will adore this game. I hated it. I appreciate the craft, I get what the devs were trying to make, and they succeeded in their goals. It is well-made and pretty, but I hate it. Sorry."
,Recommended,297130,21019747,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,MolaMolaphant,"While this game gives strong nods to a number of other titles and genres--harnessing the weight of Shadow of the Colossus, the feel (and name) of Dark Souls, and plenty of others, I'm sure--it holds its own, delivering an approximation of a story, but leaving room for discovering the story of the world you are exploring, and how you fit into it.It is a little frustrating at times, but there is a certain sense of accomplishment unmatched in most games.Definitely a strong showing, and well worth the time and effort. Just make sure to kill all the titans, as design is the strongest aspect of the game, and I'd hate for you to miss out."
76561198073194236,Recommended,297130,21412867,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,elduderino,"TL;DR Great game, probably won't appeal to everyone.I'd put this game into the category of ""hard, but fair"". The main gameplay involves fighting giant bosses in a 1HP style battle. You die after one hit, but so do the bosses. You strike by firing a single arrow, which you must then pick up if you miss, so every fight must be executed skillfully. I've seen others call this game a ""puzzler"", which I suppose is somewhat true. Part of the game is figuring out where exactly to strike the bosses to kill them. In some cases, this could not be clearer, but in others I found it more subtle.This is no easy game, but I found the difficulty ultimately worth the payoff. The satfisfaction of experimenting many times in order to get it *just* right was very rewarding when successful. I won't lie, this game was frustrating at times, but I thought it was worth it. I've also seen people complain about the distance from the checkpoints to the boss. I see the validity here, but I also think that without this I would have just thrown myself at the bosses over and over. The risk caused me to play more cautiously and made each fight seem more meaningful.The art deisgn and the music are especially spectacular, evoking something of an old-school top-down RPG aesthetic with a modern sensibility for design and color. Each boss has its own (I think) music, each of which really got the adrenaline pumping.Ultimately, I think there's a lot that subjective here in terms of style, gameplay, and many other things this game does. Definitely not everyone's cup of tea and I wouldn't recommend it to everyone, but if you're looking for a difficult action game with memorable bosses, this one's for you."
76561198271456620,Recommended,297130,31850697,Posted: 19 May,all,Mr Snek,"Simply amazing. If your thinking about getting this game, dont watch anything but the trailer, as you will see more of the bosses, which will spoil it. Think of 2D shadow of the colossus with shorter, but more, bosses. It may be short, but it is well worth it. The collectors edition also includes 26 songs, a map/art book and 2 wallpapers, and is also worth the money."
,Not Recommended,297130,18966995,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,MR. Poopy Butthole,"The bosses are WAY too hard. I died 30 times on a boss, rage quit."
,Not Recommended,297130,32099115,Posted: 31 May,all,The Lord of the Pidgeons,"I bought this game expecting the challenge and was up for it as a dark souls veteran (I have all the achievements in all 3 of the games). The gimic of the games is that anything that hits you is a one hit kill but so is your arrow once it hits the main body of the enemy. This gets as BS as you can imagine it getting since it doesnt want its bosses being easy with the ""souls"" in its name. What really makes this game painful is instead of quick respawns like it should have given the ease of dying (ie super meat boy) it has super long walks back to the boss each and every time you die. Nothing of the hub world will try to kill you so there really is not point NOT to spawn you right back at the beginning of the fight every time.I ended up beating the first area of bosses hoping the spawns would be somewhat decent further on and the bosses would be less frustrating but it just continued on. Maybe ill come back some day to finish the game then update this review but I doubt it."
,Not Recommended,297130,30582723,Posted: 17 March,all,[LUE] TormakSaber,"Titan Souls is a game which revolves around the concept of ""One"" - one arrow, one shot, one hit kills you, one hit kills every boss you fight. On Iron Mode you have one life with which to beat the entire game.The game is nothing but a boss rush with small exploration elements between each boss. It's very similar to a 2d styled Shadows of the Colossus, in terms of being a big empty world with neat little 'things' to see, with big setpiece bosses. The problem is that... well, there's not really anything to see in the world besides the bosses, and the bosses are neither really all that big or setpiece. The fights are swift, often anticlimatic affairs in either direction. While it can be satisfying to achiev a very fast kill on some of the bosses or figure them out, if you die repeatedly, you're making trek after trek back and sitting through loadscreens, rather than respawning at the bosses door. For bosses that can kill you in <10 seconds, it can turn into spending more time running back to the boss than it is actually going in for your next attempt. At this point, when you finally get the shot right, the feeling is relief rather than satisfaction, and that's never a good thing.The game requires pinpoint reflexes, accuracy, and timing on essentially every boss, so be aware of that going in. The game is difficult because it's very fast paced and the weak point openings for many bosses can be measured in single or lower double digit frames. Fighting becomes trial and error memorization until you get the perfect shot and it's over.Other issues stem from the fact that besides the sometimes disappointing boss battles, there's not anything else to actually do in the world. There's no upgrades, no abilities, no skills, no stamina lizards to find, no incentive to look at the world, which is actually rather pretty and accompanied by wonderful music. But when you're on your 15th trek back, you don't care anymore and you just want to kill the stupid bomb tossing lava blob, and you can't roll up stairs so you have to do it slow every time. The only reason to hop off the beaten path is to find some of the hidden titans, since you're not required to kill them all to beat the game, merely to get the post-game 'final boss'. This isn't spoilers since there's literally giant lights on every sealed door and rune tile indicating the number of titans in the area, and if you miss some, the last door doesn't open because some of the lights aren't on.The story is told through actions and suggestions and implications, which is fine for a minimalistic game like this. The end revelation of ""TRUTH"" is nothing really extraordinary or revelatory, nor has it not been done before in a billion other ways.I wish there was just ""More"" to the game. More progression, more Titans, more incentive to play the game. I beat it in a few hours and beyond the achievements felt no real urge to play the game in a harder mode, or god forbid Iron Mode. There's just not enough here, and what is here is frustrating and annoying enough to go through to where beating the gaem was, again, a relief rather than satisfaction, and that's unfortunate, because there's a lot here that would otherwise be very very fun."
,Not Recommended,297130,18313415,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,bad_rain,"I've played the hell out of the demo version. The full product disappoints. Why? It's bare bones. Titan Souls is a pretty, retro looking boss-rush type of a game. Your character has one weapon (a bow) and dies from one hit. The task is to fight and win with all 19 boss creatures. Most of them require from You to find and plant your arrow in their... weak spot. It's fun, but those simple mechanics get boring very quickly. There's no real reward for winning, no leveling, no new abilities. Bosses look great, but figuring them out takes a minute or two. Then starts the frantic battle to hit there weak spot, often resulting in chance, not skill. With no real progression or reward, Titan Souls loses it's charm. I couldnt get myself to play that game. It tries to be a 2D version of Dark Souls in it's vague storytelling (or rather non-existing storytelling) and high, unforgiving difficulty. In the end, it's a failure. Pretty looking, good sounding (really spot on OST, by the way), but nevertheless - unappealing."
76561198128165198,Recommended,297130,32467328,Posted: 16 June,all,Legion,Such a beautiful game. Too bad I'm too busy getting my♥♥♥♥♥smashed in by the bosses to notice.
76561198082797666,Recommended,297130,19310831,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Poppy Fresh,The game it's like a fight against pixelated Dark Souls bosses in a somewhat Zelda scenario. Super tough and with an incredible soundtrack.
,Recommended,297130,19375436,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Quartzio,"This game may be short.Its overworld might be barren.Its puzzles may be few.The bosses may seem to all be killed in the same way.It may be kinda hard.It may not have too expansive of a story, or give out a feeling anywhere close to Shadow of the Colossus.It may not be as replayable as some other games, although new modes are unlocked after beating it.The art is probably gorgeous, as well as the soundtrack.The bosses may be really cool to fight.There may be a feeling that every mistake is always yours.The feeling of victory could be worth it in the end.You might like this game.I did."
76561197961203306,Not Recommended,297130,31977160,Posted: 26 May,all,Savash,"I like the concept of this game but you can't have super punishing mechanics tied with absolutely terrible controls. It just makes for a frustrating experience and when I do win I don't feel like I really did anything worthy of actually winning, just getting lucky. The windows of opportunity are so small and there is NOTHING you can do to make your character better. Which would be fine, except your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ controls get you killed more often than the boss doing something meaningfully clever. I wanted to like this game but it's just so poorly optimized that you feel punished for simply wanting to play. Stuff like sprint being tied to dodge roll... like what? Not to mention the sprint doesn't really make much difference anyway. I mean I'll admit I could be better with a controller, but if that is literally the difficulty hurdle, then I might as well play something that doesn't punish my mediocre mastery of a controller. And hit boxes, holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ I must've hit the golems weak spot 50 times before it registered a hit.Sadly another example of a cool idea, great art and music, but absolutely attrocious execution."
,Recommended,297130,32668500,Posted: 22 June,all,Villain in Glasses,"I bought this when it was on sale because it looks like a gem, and I still beleive it is.However, I don't have a controller, so I was locked into moving and firing in only the eight cardinal directions, when it seems like I should be moving and firing in any direction.Buy this if you have a controller.Don't buy this if you don't have a controller."
,Recommended,297130,22821644,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,A Pile of Owls,"It's okay, get it if it's on sale.It all just felt a little more based on luck than skill for some fights. Happen to be in the wrong spot where a thing falls down, too bad, maybe next time RNGesus will let you take that shot, but on the other hand, happen to be in the right spot on your first try and a fight takes under 2 seconds leaving you with a fairly underwhelming victory"
76561198105862721,Not Recommended,297130,26090182,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Tarantonio,"No story, no progression, no different weapons, it is just a senseless bossrush in an empty map. It feels like one of those games made for a game jam in a time span of one week. Also you should not put the word ""Souls"" into a game with no lore.Not reccomended, I would only buy it for a price below of 4 bucks, it does not deserve more."
76561198048419057,Not Recommended,297130,17095164,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Valentiin,For $15?  Can't recommend.  It's Dark Souls without the Lordran.
76561198229231924,Recommended,297130,30702903,Posted: 24 March,all,teufel_barde,"Titan souls is a boss rush game, plain and simple. But its one of the best out there (Though there aren't many to begin with.).The story is simple enough, you want something, and in order to get it, you go to a forbidden land to kill about a dozen titans, claim their souls, and then obtain that which you sought after. Its very shadow of colossus if it was pixled, more selfish and without cutscenes.The gameplay is where this game shines; you are armed with a bow, an arrow, and the ability to recall said arrow with your mind. You can walk, run and dodge roll, but beyond this, you have nothing. Using these basic mechanics, the game creates very enjoyable, difficult boss battles for you to throw yourself at, where one hit on either of you is an instant kill. In a very David and Goliath manner, you are fighting something with one weak spot, which you have to hit perfectly in order to gain victory. Using the simple to learn, but hard to master mechanics, you have to figure out where the weakness is, then, obviously, strike it. Thats it really, but the way its all designed makes every new titan a joy to fight. Every single boss is extremely fun and will take all of your focus and patience to overcome. There are no minions or anything else getting in the way, its just you, and them.The only big downside to the game is the open world, while it is absolutely beautiful, its also entirely pointless aside from visual splendor. There are no collectables as far as I am aware of, no lore tid bits, nothing to warrent exploring off the beaten path or do anything but go from one titan room to the next in whichever order you like. Combined with the fact that every time you die you return to a checkpoint near the boss room, and it can take anywhere between five to twenty seconds to return to the boss room you just died in, it can be a little annoying for some. I personally didn't mind it, as it gave me time to collect my thoughts, think over where i went wrong and then try to plan for the next round.Graphically speaking the game is beautiful, its up there with hyper light drifter, owlboy and superbrothers. I rarely care about how good a game looks, but this is one of the rare few times where i found myself just stopping to look at all the effort that went into every area in the game, it is really just that good. The bosses themselves all have this very zelda-esque look to them as well, each one being a cartoonish behemoth which will smother your blood all over its own body many times.The game also has a great soundtrack, every boss has their own song, and different areas of the map have seperate music scores as well. Each piece matches the locations perfectly, and I loved it so much I downloaded the entire thing. Its all instrumental, But it covers alot of bases. Metal, orchestral, Flute music, with every track bringing something different to the table.Overall, I'd recommend this to anyone looking for a challanging game that cuts the fat of most titles and skips right to the boss battles. It makes for a quick experience unfortunately, but a memorable one that sets bars."
,Recommended,297130,24801517,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Vakra,Walk to the boss just to get killed in less then a second.Would recommend
76561198065132897,Recommended,297130,28660635,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,DarkFang,"This game is wonderful. I love the art style, and the challenges that are set by this game are like i have never seen before. Even thoguh it is essentially just a series of boss fights, each boss has their own unique gimmick to make it just that bit harder to beat them"
76561198064094544,Recommended,297130,23971733,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,obama boy AND YOU KNOW,"jesus CHRIST this game is hardand at the same time, it's so very fun, too"
76561198055897013,Recommended,297130,24093922,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,firedocter,Just the right amount of difficulty without being bullet hell.
,Recommended,297130,28669482,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,BlackNinja,Nice game =)
,Recommended,297130,23939297,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Smitty Werbenjagermanjensen,Its like video game nostalgia and rage quitting had a baby.
76561198099004547,Recommended,297130,28741053,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Fishy Fish Scale,"i would definately recommend this game, this is one of the most fun ive ever had in a while, if u r like me, im a big fan of pixel art and boss fighting games, u will love this game. i advice not to go on google to watch walk through because there is nothing more satisfying than beating the boss by yourself. but remember, dont buy it at full price because the price usually drop to around $4 in steam sale"
76561198117620821,Recommended,297130,25915847,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,RedKaizer,"I really loved this game, its simplistic and at the same time it requires a certain level of skill to complete. My only complain is that it is somewhat short and I wish it had a few more bosses. But besides of that I think it is a great challenging game."
,Not Recommended,297130,20959759,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Shark Merchant,"Great. Another game that thinks Bulshit is Difficulty.Let me explain:Everything is a 1HKO. that itself isnt a bad thing, butThe game's Movement and Firing is like Castlevainia's: Solid, Fast Movement, but slow, clunky firing. This would be fine... If the game was properly desined around it. And, for two of the first four bosses, it is!The Slime and Golem are both designed greatly to produce both challange and fun.Too bad the other two wernt.The Frozon Brain Bube is Challanging, but not in the fun way. When you shoot it, It starts to move... AND NEVER STOPS.that's this bosses main problem. When Paired with the Clunky Firing, you have a boss that's very hard to hit and moves fast, which is  problem when you need to send your arrow throgh fire to kill it. Fire that has to be activated by buttons. that only the brain can activate. A brain that NEVER STOPS. It can also Jump accorss the room and, if you remember, EVERYTHING is a 1HKO. As you can Imagine, It's Annyingly Hard, and not fun at all.But, if that was the only ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t I Encountered, I would have continued Playing.Vut, Considering the fact this review is going up, that's sadly not the case.The 4th, and Most ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t Boss, is the Lazer Block. The lazer block is... a Block that shoots lazers from an Eye on one side. Every few flips, the lazer fires. In order to Kill it, I Assume you hit the Eye with the arrow. I say assume because this Boss is so ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Take the worst Aspects of the Ice brain Fight and Multiply them by ten, and you have the lazer Cube Fight. Not only does the Cube move so fast Sonic would say 'Wow, that's slightly faster then the Average person."", but, when the Lazer Fires, It you have a window of about 1 second to fire the arrow before your killed. and considering the clunky firing, you can guess how much ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t it is.I could beat that boss if i Kept at it, but it wouldnt have been fun. and in the end, that's the worst thing a game can be."
76561198050102597,Not Recommended,297130,21289637,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Sertun,The game is extremely hard from the beginning. There are no easy restarts - you'll have to walk for 10-20 seconds after each death. A-a-and you die constantly. No exceptions.
76561198044841209,Not Recommended,297130,19539998,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,stoolio,"I hate this game.I keep going back to play it to try and have some fun. The bosses seem hard, and it is one hit kill, but finding out their patterns usually leads pretty quickly to their death.Problem is, you might get killed trying to figure out their patterns/weakness. When you die, you go back to the beginning of the whole game world, and you have to keep running back to the boss. The instant death, combined with the repetitive trek back to stupid boss to try again is obnoxious.I'm sure things get more interesting, and I would love to see what this game has to offer. Unfortunately, the actual act of playing it is too tedious to waste my time with.EDIT 10/15/16:I still hate this game, and I very quickly turned it off. I'm on the 4th? boss I think.Same basic issues, it's not really fun experimenting to see what works and what doesn't because the design of the game means I spend more time running to and activating the boss than I do actually fighting it."
,Recommended,297130,24667770,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Squizky,Rage simulator11/10
,Recommended,297130,24506728,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Vorteus,"Could you shake my screen more please, so that I can vomit?Game is good.  Screen shake is bad.  Stop shaking my screen."
76561198236284578,Recommended,297130,32290679,Posted: 9 June,all,Yariz,"My fingers are broken, my eyes disturbed, but my mind is pleased and joyful"
,Recommended,297130,26045110,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Isc,"The most beautiful pixel art game I have played so far. And although it is visually stunning it lacks depth and a story to follow.You start a game as a nameless hero who embarks on a quest to slay all the titans. Why does he do it? What is his goal? You will never know because game consists mainly from boss fights and there is literally nothing in between. Just some walking simulator elements where you explore different areas and you do a little sightseeing. You stop your hero at an interesting looking location and you think to yourself ""it's a shame that there is nothing to do here, no NPC to talk to, no secret to discover.""However, if you are interested in playing this game it is because you want to kill some f***** titans, not to enjoy the view :)It is easy to find a titan, it is a lot harder to kill it because what you need to do is to kill it in one shot (most of the time in the♥♥♥♥♥. No health bar, no stages. Just a puzzle what and when do you need to shoot to kill him before it kills you. And don't be afraid to die. This game rewards efficiency. If you figure out a trick, a quick way to kill him (and there almost always is one) it is faster to try over again than just running around a titan and not getting slammed to a pulp. You get used to it and it gets easier with time because there are some small similarities between the titans.And however the boss fights are not rewarding in any way (there is no progression system, no new skills, just you and your friendly bow and arrow) you will feel good after killing a titan and you will play further because next titan is just around the corner and you want to see how it looks and what tricky way to kill him you will have to figure out this time.In the end it is a fun game to play."
,Recommended,297130,20398677,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,WhiteClaudiaMk,"If they hadn't gone after Shadow of the Colossus fans by completely borrowing ideas from it - which I actually think is fine - or if they hadn't tried to capitalize on the ""Souls"" name, if they hadn't advertised a sense of discovery and mystery about the world that doesn't really exist and if it had been a little bit more varied and wasn't JUST a boss rush, I might have liked this game. But as it stands, I kind of feel negative towards it even though I enjoyed moments in it.I can however recommend it, simply because it's a good enough game for a two people development effort. Especially at the price point I bought it on (%75 off), you should totally buy it and make your own decision."
76561198025249396,Recommended,297130,20800205,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Stacy's Meme,Great atmosphereGreat musicThe simplicity of the gameplay makes it amazing
,Recommended,297130,19980523,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,buggyjug,"Titan Souls presents a unique fighting/gameplay style and execute it beautifully. The game is just the right difficulty. I found most bosses were enjoyable challanges. There wasn't a single boss that actually made me angry or want to rage quite. The difficulty only pushed me to try harder to overcome the vast and dynamic selection of bosses Titan Souls has to offer. The ONLY critisism I would have is the length. I was able to beat the game in 2 hours. The game presents a new game plus feature as well as what seems to be easter egg bosses I havn't attempted to discover, but the replay value is still there.Also YOU NEED A CONTROLLER!!! The game would be IMPOSSIBLE without it.Pros+-Sound Track-Game Play-""Open World"" discovery-The concept of you and your enemy both being a one hit kill-DifficultyCons--Length"
76561198062853833,Recommended,297130,20021335,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Tinho-San,"If you don't mind getting a little bit frustrated and angry, and like a challenging quest, buy this now.This game is heavily inspired by Shadow of Colossus( +points here), very interesting bosses( which die in one hit... like you), pixelated, its a overall very good game."
,Recommended,297130,31842435,Posted: 19 May,all,Ryan,"♥♥♥♥ this game, honeslty ♥♥♥♥ this game. It's so ♥♥♥♥ing hard with every enemy being a boss, you would think you would get an item or an upgrade after ♥♥♥♥ing up a boss right? WRONG, THINK AGAIN ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ CAUSE THIS GME COMES AT YOU HARDBut its pretty fun and rewarding when you kill a boss 8/10 would take 60 minutes to try to beat a boss again."
,Recommended,297130,20101693,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Johnny,Vai tomar no cu king seu arrombado de♥♥♥♥♥♥♥filho de mil♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,297130,20201736,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Zer0ss,"Simply amazing, the artwork is great, the music is just simply beautiful, the boss battles are entertaining and it's a good challenge.However, if you are a filthy casual, this is not a game for you.For anyone that's up for a challenging game that isn't as frustrating as Dark Souls, this is a must buy for you.The only regret I have for playing this game is that I realised too late that I should have bought the collectors edition."
,Recommended,297130,31860452,Posted: 20 May,all,Raido,"Pros------Great soundtrack-Amazing pixel art-----Cons------No character customization or level up system-Difficult-----Saying that the game is difficult is a con is biased. Fans of the Soulsborne series will problably  like that it's difficult.Do I reccommend it?If you like difficult games, sure. Go for it. You'll problably like it. I've only played it for less than half a hour and if I do remember to update this review once I've finished the game I will (I problably won't remember though)."
,Recommended,297130,33250225,Posted: 4 July,all,Capitão Taquinhos,"TL;DR:8.2/10PROS:Unique premiseBeatiful ambientAmazing SoundtrackSubtle way to keep track of everything you need, keeping immersionPretty much bug freeFun!CONS:Short game (~3 hours)Somewhat repetitive gameplayYou can easily spend almost a third of your time walking back from checkpoint to the bossIt's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ly hard to aim in this game, at least in the first playthroughsOTHER POINTS:The game is completly boss fight after boss fight, no real progressionDoes have a TON of replayability if you enjoy speedrunning/achievement huntingThe story is very diffuse so if you enjoy piecing things together you may have something in your hands, though it does not seem longHas some pretty hard bosses, one of them is not hard, just frustrating, but most of them are really nice and have a ""gimmick"" to them that you may experience in some boss fightsEnd of TL;DRFirst of all, I'd like to say I found the game very fun and pretty nice to have a chill afternoon, but if you are not interested in achievement hunting nor speedrunning, that's about it. Also, I will not talk about the story to not spoil anyone that would like to discover it themselves, but mostly because I don't believe it is a big point in the game.Environment, graphics and musicI'll start by talking about the environment. It really is beatiful. The music is amazing, and the points I highlight are on the big moments on the story the ""orchestras"" really hype it up and in one boss fight (The roller in the Lava area) it just syncs together and just makes the game that much better. The pixel art throughout the world is amazing, and the sense of scale you get when fighting some bosses is amazing. The one thing that trashed it a little bit is that most bosses are 3D models instead of pixelart and while most look really good, there are some that really stick out and don't fit the world at all.Besides that, you have a huge world full of secret passages with unique ""zones"" to explore. Some of these zones have some unique mechanics to play with (Forest zone and Winter zone, namely).GameplayThe concept is really simple. You have one arrow only, so after you shoot it you must get it back (either pull it to you or run to it). Every boss has a specific weak point and you must hit it to win. You die in one hit and so does the boss if you get the weak spot.Every Titan feels different with a few exceptions, wehn they feel like one ""isn't even the other's final form"" and they are almost the same with a minor difference.(Eye cube in the first area and roller in lava area or the guardian before the Lost Soul and the hand boss in the first area)Now, the main thing that throws me off about this game. The aiming, for being the main part of the whole thing, don't not feel good and is pretty hard to aim because of it. It's really hard to know where your arrow is going to go if you are not looking directly up/down/right/left. This makes some bosses where you have little time and a tiny target midly enfuriating (Guardian before Lost Soul and the Lost Soul).BugsWhen playing the game I believe I only experienced one bug, and it was easy to reproduce and avoid.In the Lost Soul boss fight, if he is pulling your arrow and you grab him on top of him, regardless of where you are,he will try to shoot it and you will always die. The game probably thinks he still has the arrow but the ""launching"" place is on top of you, so you always get hit by it.Final RemarksI really enjoyed the game, although short. The only thing I would change has to be the Roll/Sprint controls. Since they are on the same button, if you are sprinting your next roll will have a delay, and I think that could be fixed if they were on different buttons.I strongly recommend it, specially if you find it on sale, has it becomes dirt cheap while still being a great experience!"
,Recommended,297130,20256494,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,felipefrancisco,Outstanding.
76561198119806485,Recommended,297130,25961758,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,DotHackerOvan,"This was a challenging game. If you dislike dying in a very simplistic fashion, play something else. Toss aside your pride and try to tackle the bosses. They aren't impossible, but it requires skill and timing. Each boss was unique and had their own exploitable weakness. The only question is how long can you dodge and attack before you win or die. There is a tiny bit of story, but the main focus was explore and kill bosses(or die trying). In its very essence, Titan Souls is a game and it requires focus or it will unforgivingly punish you.I have yet to finish off the secret hidden boss. Current overall death count: 300. Would die again.Edit: He's dead now. Death Count: 350Tips:Aiming and shooting takes longer than you think when you have a split second gap for hitting the weak point.Know when to collect your arrow. Collecting your arrow at the wrong time and place will lead to death.I strongly recommend a controller for your game for better aiming, but it is possible to win with keyboard, just very hard.Dodging is more important than getting your arrow for the most part. There are some bosses that get harder if you don't start shooting more and quickly though.Each boss can potentially be killed in 40 seconds. Just know what their weakness is and aim properly."
,Not Recommended,297130,24751738,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,OmegaOnion,The game is too short for the price and some of the mechanics in the game feel very forced and unfair while others are amazingly fair and rewarding. Probably worth getting on a sale though.
,Not Recommended,297130,17765380,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Ox1O,"I like the concept of high-skill fights that can be really quick if you know what you're doing, but the time it takes between dying and starting the fight again is just too much. In a game where you die this quickly, it's a huge pain to spend 60 seconds walking back to the fight every single time."
76561198095428775,Not Recommended,297130,17588758,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Loli,Do not buy this game. this game is utter trash there is zero plot and story. if i could i would instanly refund this game. the graphics are mediocre along with the soundtrack. the gameplay is also awful with only two buttons to use outside of moving. I will rephrase DO NOT BUY.
,Not Recommended,297130,17768612,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,"Spark Wright, Ultimate Attorney.","I heartily recomend this game if you enjoy doing the same thing three hundred times with at least a minute of tedious stuff inbetween each attempt, it was fun when I shot that yeti in the butt though"
,Recommended,297130,34048212,Posted: 5 August,all,Future Ivy,"No game has ever felt quite as rewarding to me in completing, honestly! I simply couldn't put it down until I had done everything... and boy, is there a lot to do! Beautiful scenery, amazing soundtrack, and genius bosses put this game as an absolute must-play!"
76561198105909755,Not Recommended,297130,24795336,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Ace,"This game has waaaay less than it's asking price. But fortunately for me, it was on sale. The game: it's a loveingly pixel drawn adventure with an interesting hub field. And from what I saw there are no field enemies, only bosses. I like how the knowledge to beat these bosses come to you organically through each playthrough, so can figure things out about your current enemy and use what you know to kill him. (it's usually a glowing spot on some bosses, but there are other signs to most bosses.)I don't reccomend you get this for 14.99$, but I do reccomend you play this when it's on sale for close to 4$."
76561197972795656,Not Recommended,297130,33870677,Posted: 28 July,all,Hypnoseph,"The punishment kills this game, having to wait 30 secs to retry a boss fight is complete bull♥♥♥♥♥♥Seriously, instant respawn at the gate and its a 5 star game."
,Recommended,297130,25371977,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Nalae,Game endorses getting high in order to solve your problems 10/10
,Not Recommended,297130,24620863,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,The Human Shitpost,"Titan Souls tries very hard to be what it is not. It tries to be Shadow of the Colossus but it is not. Some people will say it tries to be Souls-like but it doesn't, so don't buy it if you think it's a souls-like game.Like Shadow of the Colossus this game is entirely boss fights and going to find them, like Shadow of the Colossus they are difficult and the world is alrge and detailed. Unlike Shadow of the Colossus the idea is to defeat each boss in ~10 seconds or so, which means that unlike Shadow of the Colossus where the fight is what makes the game what makes the game here is... the victory maybe? Mostly you'll walk into a room and be killed immediately, spend a few more lives figuring out how to avoid attacks, and then pull off the single shot it takes to kill the boss.Everything gets killed in one hit, you or them, which is an interesting mechanic, if not for the enemies attacking the instant the battle fights, generally resulting in at least one auto-kill.The world is very large and detailed with lots of little hidden spots. Where this becomes a problem is that there is nothing in those hidden spots. No secrets, no hidden lore (in the many I found) and honestly not even interesting views because this is a top down game and all of the interesting environment design in the world can't make a landscape cool in a top down game.While the reviews claiming a long walking time between attempts were, as far as I've seen, incorrect, getting killed spawns you at or near the boss-room, there is a large ammount of walking. This is not to start a new attempt, but simply to find the bosses. Again, I can only assume this is to emulate Shadow of the Colossus and the long treks to find the next Colossus which falls short because, again, this landscape is uninteresting and empty in all of the ways Shadow of the Colossus was not. Additionally, Shadow of the Colossus at least pointed you in the right direction so you could find where you were going and not a hidden overlook/dead end for the twentieth time.This game is not worth the $15 they're asking, they seem to have stripped too many ideas and concepts from a game to leave it worth playing.Additionally the Collector's Edition contains a map (helpful) a twenty-six song soundtrack (actually very good) and desktop backgrounds (Two. Only enough to justify the ""s"") so make your choice on which version to purchase with that info.I bought this game because someone told me it was as close as I'd get to a Shadow of the Colossus knock-off for a while. After playing I'll just have to keep looking because this was not it."
76561197993407943,Not Recommended,297130,22640740,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Bobson Dugnutt,"Got bored and frustrated after my 50th death. More power to those who enjoy that sort of thing, but I'm not one of them."
76561198202143948,Recommended,297130,22868799,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Kububbis,"Great game!!!  it has cool music, cool graphics, and fun gameplay!!!  I higly recomend it!!!"
76561198216051015,Recommended,297130,22882344,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Sollie11,"Very hard and annoying, although that what makes it satisfying when boss levels are completed!"
76561198069454372,Not Recommended,297130,22919016,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,rsuevel92,"There are games that are fun, and there are games that are hard. this game has that potential but for ♥♥♥♥ sake once it gets to a point just go beat your head against a wall, it would be so much more rewarding."
76561198098455313,Recommended,297130,32835950,Posted: 26 June,all,djstart2s,Muy bueno pero jodido como la♥♥♥♥♥♥♥(y eso me encanta). Basicamente Dark Souls en 2DMuchas horas de sufrimien... DIVERSION aseguradas
,Not Recommended,297130,22165069,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Koriar,"The music is very well done, but otherwise it's not very good.Imagine if you were playing Super Meat Boy and every time you died you had to slowly walk through an area that you can't die in to get back to the level. It's sometimes several minutes of travelling to get back to a boss where you might be able to fight it for ten seconds.The bosses vary wildly between really easy and nearly impossible. A lot of the really hard ones are harder not because they're challenging but because the boss' weak spot will have poor hit detection.The art gives a good first impression but the tilesets are pretty simple and get boring very quickly. The times when they try to combine 3d assets and sprite art look REALLY poor.Even beyond the game design itself there just isn't a lot of content. There are 16 fights in the game and each one is over one way or another in under a minute. The reason they've made them hard is solely to pad out the game. This isn't really even worth the $4 I paid for it, so $15 is right out.If you really want to play it, check out the demo. It's got most of the best content in it. Just know that it's downhill from there."
,Recommended,297130,22868544,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Bush began the war on Iraq 4 oil,"I personally enjoyed the game but it definitely as some downsides. For this particular game, I feel as a pros vs cons list is the most effective way to know if it will be enjoyable for you.Pros:-Awesome OST-Great world design and graphics-Simplistic controls that makes it easier to get into the game-Unique concept of 1 hit 1 kill-Lack of details makes it all the more intrguing-High difficultyCons:-Lack of details gives lack of motivation-High difficulty-You have to walk back to the boss when you inevitably die-There's nothing to do between bosses. The game is similar to Shadow of The Colossus but, in shadow, there were still things to do like killing salamanders-No reward system-Not worth $15 but is worth buying when on saleIn my opinion, the goods outweigh the bads but, obviously, not everyone will share this viewpoint which is why I recommend the demo to test the waters a bit."
,Recommended,297130,19380061,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,RmD,This is a great game the music is awesome and the sprite work is amazing. Congrats to the devs for making a great game. By the way this game is SO CHALLENGING!!
76561198093173502,Recommended,297130,19380422,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,timkowalchik,"Short review: This game is incredibly fun, although sometimes frustratingly difficult. Get it for a great challenge.If you are a fan of tense, fast-paced fights and single life-single kill mechanics, you'll enjoy this game.  The soundtrack is amazing, the world design is fantastic, and the bosses each feel great and unique.  That's all I really have to say, I loved this game through and through, and the extra achievements give each boss some replayability.  The background world has plenty of lore and world-building, even for a pixel-graphics game, and the story pretty is interesting once you can unlock the text.For anyone put off by the negative reviews, most of those people haven't even beat the game.Don't believe them, each boss has its own mechanics and system.  You kill them all the same, because of course you do. You only have one bow and one magical arrow the entire game, which necessitates killing everything the same way.  But the ways in which you reveal a bosses weak point or have to excute the correct timing vary with each fight, and the game is anything but stagnant.  The game is a bit short on bosses, but unless you're a mechanical genius it'll take you several dozen deaths to clear them all, and then even more if you try a harder second playthrough."
,Recommended,297130,21866743,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,baxer,"Very challenging game, but that is what makes this game fun.How satisfying it is to defeat a Titan."
,Recommended,297130,32652055,Posted: 22 June,all,CaffeineVSGame,"A hell of a concept, super fun."
,Not Recommended,297130,28398193,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Vernula,"""Enemies and you die in one hit"" they say. Yeah, as they give half the enemies shields that require multiple hits to get through, or make you have to hit a fast moving projectile while being near enough to not only recover from shooting, but close enough to shoot the guy you're trying to kill.The puzzle bosses? Their fine!  Having to figure out the patterns/strats is awesome, and I have to give a shout out to the mushroom boss that takes you on a psychodelic trip while you fight him. But Knight Elahan (The projectile), the Plant (Dodge an amount of crap that makes a Bullet Hell jealous and you have a limited time to actually kill it), and the Blob bosses (the more you hit it the more crap you have to dodge)  are just stupid and not fun to play against."
,Not Recommended,297130,28625039,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,rinick,"The puzzle in each bosses are fun, I really want to enjoy it, but I can't.It's so annoyning to walk to boss again and again after death."
,Not Recommended,297130,29088925,Posted: 7 January,all,№₷℮₭ 👃,"Even if I can grasp the goal of this game and thus I know it's not exactly targeted for me, I can reckon it's not very well done. The same exact ritual of waiting for your spawn (why? why wait this fraction of second every time?), walking all the way up to the bosswithout being able to roll up the stairsand bumping badly onto itevery freaking timeis not really a zen-like atmospheric exercise on patience. It's a test of being able to waste your time even if the game tries to scare you off.There're some principles for the repetition-based games that result from decades of work and observation of the whole industry. I find not learning them because of ""artistic"" reasons rather fussy. The game either has not been tested by humans according to the state of art, or the QA quickly requested a debug shortcut ""teleport me next to the boss"" and sticked to using it."
76561198025812951,Not Recommended,297130,28990585,Posted: 3 January,all,ajkars,"Titan Souls is a top down shooter(?)your character fights with a single arrow. you can hold the fire button to recall the arrow back to you or you can pick it up. you die in 1 hit but so do bosses, but bosses may have a process to get that 1 hit. there are not small enemies, it's all bosses, the game's design and lay out feel like Shadow of the Colossus and a Collecting game like Banjo-kanzooie, with Dark Souls like challage. the game keeps track of your bosses beaten, but in a minimal way, there is no menu or map. your progress is marked solely on markings on doors and check points.this would be a soild game if it wasn't for the controls, as you load into the game one of the first things you see is a notice saying ""Gamepad strongly recommended"" with keyboard controls (no mouse controls) you can aim in 8 directions, i used this until i came to a point that basicaly asked for a 60* shot, i plugged in my Rock Candy 3rd party Xbox controller. and that was fine, but i found out that even with a stick you don't get full 360* aim like you'd think.. more like there are 16 fixed angles you can shoot from...but that's not the worst part, rolling and Sprinting are on the same button. Dark Souls does this, but how it does it is that you roll if you let go of the button before your guy starts sprinting. everytime i tried to just Sprint in Titan Souls my character would roll first, np there. but there are the odd times my character would just sprint without rolling. now thats a problem. there are time where you go to roll, game thinks you want to sprint and you get hit and die. furthermore in Dark Souls you could roll of attacks before you could walk out of them. in Titan Souls you can't, wither it be shooting or retrieving your arrow."
,Recommended,297130,28480984,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,steezy,It's a Souls game alright...
76561197995186478,Recommended,297130,30777647,Posted: 27 March,all,Monkeyfoot,Challenging game done perfectly!This game is hard but not unfair. This game is a must have for anyone who loves fighting bosses!I will definitely be coming back and replaying it again someday.
76561198111054759,Not Recommended,297130,31872437,Posted: 20 May,all,Jiffypop,"This game's idea is simple, you have one shot that you can reclaim, and most of the bosses are a one shot kill...but when not only can most of the boses outrun your movement speed with their attack (Even while running) and the game basically requiring a controller (its such an easy fix, without a controller you are restricted to eight ways of fire and movement, but in reality if we could just use the mouse to aim it would be much better) it's just not worth your time or money"
,Recommended,297130,21883936,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,ÆpEEK!,"Had no idea what I was getting into when I bought this game, when I saw this game I saw a fusion between Dark Souls and SotC (Shadow of the Colossus for those who don't know what I'm referencing) and that's basically what I saw in this game were two aspects of this game combined into a 2D game. The bosses in this game all have attack patterns and weaknesses, some have harder attack patterns to figure out than others. I enjoy the fact that this game is speedrunnable and I hope to try to speedrun it one day. I want to point out the soundtrack because it is A M A Z I N G, makes me really glad I bought the collector's edition of this game. Overall I'd recommend this game, whether or not you'd want to buy it on sale is up to you."
76561198041694226,Recommended,297130,21909295,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Cake for Žižek,"Short Version:Before you buy this game, try out the free demo if it's still available. If you like it and want more, go for it. Just be warned that the rest of the game is a dozen more bosses and about 10 minutes of map exploration. Strongly recommend you get this on sale.Long Version:This is a pretty short, but challenging game. You're basically just walking around a fairly small world map until you find a checkpoint, and from there you'll find 2-3 boss rooms in the immediate area. 16 main bosses total,plus 1 hidden boss (your reward for exploring the full map and finding a single hidden path) and the final boss on Hard ModeThe boss fights are a good challenge. Each boss is unique, and they feel more like a puzzle than an endurance challenge. If you can avoid a bosses attacks long enough to discover it's only weakness, you are then tasked with figuring out how to exploit the weakness. Once you figure out a strategy, it's only a matter of executing it perfectly. Most the bosses only take one hit to kill, but getting that hit in is an excercise in gamepad finesse. So you might fight a boss 20 times, but when you do finally kill it, it'll be in the first 5 seconds of battle.I beat the game in just over 2 hours. Beating it unlocks 3 more levels of difficulty: Hard Mode (faster bosses, harder tactics), Iron Mode (no death run), and No Run No Roll Mode (sheah right, as if). I'll try Hard Mode, but likely I'll put the game down permanently before I finish it.I would only recommend this game if it's on sale. I paid $4 for it and feel like that was a good price. If I paid full price I would be pretty annoyed at how short this game is and how little content there is. Aside from the bosses (which are definitely well done and this games only real selling point), there is only a single puzzle that you use your bow & arrow for - and it's the sort of challenge you get in the very first puzzle room in a Zelda game. There's really no story to speak of at all. There's a few lines of dialogue, but it doesn't have any context, so it's kind of dumb and pointless. The developers could have done a lot more with the map (there's a good number of designs and mysterious carvings here and there: why not some text to help build a story?)."
76561198034700630,Recommended,297130,21683395,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Yallshortuns,"As a shameless fanboy for all things Dark Souls related, this title doubtless accomplished its job when I couldn't resist checking it out. As the title implies, it borrows heavily from Fromsoft's Souls series, but with a much more minimal aesthetic, and a shifted emphasis from combat to brainteasing. It scratched that masochistic itch well enough, but only for a shockingly brief 3 hours, and during that short time I encountered some problems greater than difficulty.Titan Souls focuses exclusively on the rush of victory following a particularly difficult boss; the entire game is composed only of wide open quiet stretches between bosses that will test your resolve to perservere. They have one critical weakness, exposed for desperately short moments, which one must first identify before striking. So when my wild shot between frantic dodges finally connected, it took my breath away without fail.That said, it was quite a trial of patience to reach victory, and some foes fell on the wrong side of unreasonable. I confess, I had to look up the weakness to one, and to this day I'm still not entirely sure how I beat the final boss. So, Titan Souls is worth the price, barely, but only if you already own the controller that is impossible to play without."
76561198074632212,Not Recommended,297130,31868841,Posted: 20 May,all,Smackjax,"Look. The boss battles are great. Really. For the five seconds they last, the game is a lot of fun.But it's the other 10-15(EDIT 10 is the minimum because of the death fade screen. Usually more like 20-25) seconds after every death where you're getting back to the boss that totally kills it. It's not just the games complete lack of regard for your time, but it's entire premise becomes it's biggest weakness:You have the exact same skills no matter how many times you go back to the boss. It would be so much better if there was some sense of progression, but nope. It's just you, terrible controls, an arrow, and your incredibly slow 'run'.If it was just the boss battles and they restarted you right outside the doors, it would actually be awesome. But instead it feels like incredibly lazy development at the expense of my time, just to pad game length. It would even have been worth it if they had just let it be short.But I just cannot say it's worth the time. So. Much. Time. Wasted.-EDIT-I have now finished the game, only because I started it.Never changes. The crappy controls are even more rage enducing for the final bosses. The story never comes. Which is even more frustrating, because it feels like they actually put thought into the lore, but just give you tiny fragments. In the end, and maybe I'm just shallow, but it didn't come together.It's so disappointing, this game had so much potential. I say again. What a waste."
76561197966064850,Recommended,297130,20207467,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Sojiro,I didn't expect the game to be this fun before I bought it. Extremely enjoyable.One thing I didn't like though is the long runs between fights and having to navigate the whole map to find the correct path
,Recommended,297130,20548180,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Skrubwrecker9000,Only a few bosses in and loving it! There's no trash mobs to deal with and you get a wounder and sense of exploration from walking around the world. the bosses are very diffrent and challeing in their own way. some are easy to kill with one stratagie others not so much. I love this game ether way tho!
,Recommended,297130,31864934,Posted: 20 May,all,nick wilde,"I saw reviews of this game and it's recommended by me because of a few reasons-nothing but boss fightsthis is my opinion, but a game solely on boss fights is the best that there ever could be. i like them because you have to learn your enemy until you defeat it and move to the next. what if you suck♥♥♥♥♥at fighting one boss? you can fight another, but you can't advance unless you kill them. almsot every boss has a dfferent tactic that'll force you to think outside of the box and not ""just do some damage and he'll fall!""-this game is brutalOne hit, you're dead. it takes a long time to respawn but i like it beacuse you're supposed to not be a idiot and not die. people would prefer it to respawn you infront of the boss door, but it's not a huge hassle to walk to the boss door again. besides, i think the people who complain about it are terrible at the game ;)-gameplayyou only get a bow and arrow, after you shoot the arrow you can retrieve it back by going over it or hold down the button you use to shoot it and it'll come back like a magnet. and when you get it back with the magnet option, you can do some damage if it's fast enough to do any to a boss.theres a dodge roll and it's useful for boss fights but the huge problem is that there isn't a seperate button for running. for example: you must roll then hold the roll button to sprint. i think it's dumb because there was more buttons to map running on a controller. is someone going to play this game on a atari controller?-visualsit's all pixelated, and i like it. there are options for changing some things like the resolution, full screen, or v-sync. it's one of the few games that can run and look great.overall, this game is frustrating and difficult but the challenge is good for anybody thats up for it. i personally don't think it deserves negative reviews, but who knows. maybe if i get far enough into the game, i'll be screaming at my screen saying ""RESPAWN ALREADY"""
,Not Recommended,297130,32841579,Posted: 26 June,all,Crux,"Titan Souls was a game I really had high expectations for.But what came out of it?Cons, lots of them:- Never evolving character- Extremely agonizing walking speed- Annoying bosses- Little to non existant story- Idiotic way of fighting monsters, either they were 8 either they were 80. Either too weak, either too strong.- As stated above, no balancing in the monster fights- Too simple of a gameplay- It wasn't enjoyable at all, more like, frustration after frustrationBut, there are still some pros:- Nice drawing in pixels- Some never before thought boss fights that were really creative (only a few though)And I think that's it.Maybe it was meant to be a simple game, but it had a lot of potential, that has gone wasted...In the end, this is a game for those who want to either suffer through a hard game or those who have nothing to do with their lifes and throw it away in depression because of the frustration of killing those bosses who give you no space to breathe.Either that or you buy it in a steam sale.After all, it's your own choice whether you want to suffer or not."
,Recommended,297130,34402807,Posted: 21 August,all,Mykaterasu,"The game is great and everyone should definitely play it at some point, but currently not worth its current asking price of £11 when evaluating it purely on its first playthrough. I've killed all the bosses in 3hrs and 30mins, and while those 3hrs and 30mins were spectacularly enjoyable, I wanted a little more from my first ""start to finish"" experience. Make sure you snag a good sale for this one."
76561198071527804,Not Recommended,297130,33614200,Posted: 17 July,all,Noodle,"I never bother with reviews but this game deserves a review for how garbage the checkpoint system is. The art style is easy on the eyes and while the mechanics were simplistic at first sight, they were made challenging by implementing them in a manner which limited you as well. Your only means of attack requires a heavy charge up which leaves you completely vulnerable and your dash helps you moveabout the arena to dodge around for the first few minutes to help you get a feel for what the boss is throwing at you.The game drew me in with its well implemented mechanics but I have to say that I could barely get past half an hour into the game after the first three bosses (which weren't too challenging but were pretty interesting visually).The game has this one anooying and what should be an easily fixable flaw which made me realize I won't be able to put up with it if I wanted to get through the entire game and I just quit early. The respawn mechanic.It is by far the most, and probably the only, infuriating part of the game. Every time you die you have to go through these really sluggish load screens which send you back to the starting point and you have to make a trek towards the boss, which might I add is rage inducing when you spam roll to get there quicker and just bump into obstacles and knock yourself back. The Then loading up each boss takes up another few seconds and it just adds to the entire sluggish feel of retrying bosses. This might be fine for the first few bosses which do not require you to traverse great lengths, but I knew that once I trudge on and die trying to figure out what the later bosses do I would have to keep tracking back for some arbitrary indie artistic game design decision.I love games when they are challenging and I like this game but the lack of an instant reload once you die absolutely kills the pacing. I mean would it be out of place if the game just put you outside the boss chamber entrance to not make me want to smash buttons in frustration before I even reach the boss?"
,Recommended,297130,33101229,Posted: 1 July,all,⎝Elote Con Chile Del Que Pica,Good game.Hard game.
76561197987690457,Recommended,297130,19311127,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,pocketdoor,Love it!  Great controls and concept execution.
,Recommended,297130,19332715,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,McMitch,"Boss Tactics the game. Great music, great art style, and amazing gameplay. The only thing I would have like is some secrets! This game is perfect for hiding secret areas or even bosses but there are none :(Basically if you like fighting bosses, buy it."
76561197998490461,Recommended,297130,19365541,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,cheep crybabby hatter,"Well, I read the negative reviews. I expected a game that was entirely too short, too frustrating, and too unpolished to be worth its asking price of $15. So, I dutifully waited until the game went on sale for under $5, and went in with low expectations.The result? I was surprised. Titan Souls is a pleasure to play. At its core is the exploration of a simple concept: what if the terrifying big bosses were just as fragile as you? Both you and your foe will die after one decent hit, although landing this one decent hit can be quite a challenge.You have at your disposal a single, magical arrow that can be alternately shot, then retrieved by magically attracting it to the player. You can also run and roll to dodge enemy attacks. Both shooting and retrieving the arrow force you to stand still, and the arrow will fly further the longer you hold down the attack key. Titans also tend to be very quick and very aggressive, so even finding the time to get a shot in can be very difficult.The Titans themselves are beautiful (and often quite clever) in their design. As I mentioned, the weak point of each Titan tends to be evident, but it often takes some thinking to force the Titan to expose its weakness. Sometimes just seeing its weak point can be challenging, as often Titans will kill the uninitiated player in a matter of seconds after commencing battle. But when everything comes together, that moment, when your arrow hits your opponent square in the weak point it was guarding so effectively, is indescribable!The world is also beautiful, but a little dull. Titan Souls' greatest weakness is the delay between fighting Titans, in which the player watches his corpse be pounded by the last Titan, then respawn several seconds walk away from where the fight took place. Generally there was a delay of 10-20 seconds between losing a fight and challenging the Titan for a rematch.I often found that I didn't really mind, certainly not as much as other reviewers. Titan Souls is packaged so beautifully, with lush 2.5-3D pixel art and a gorgeous soundtrack. However, the purpose of these trimmings is clearly just to accentuate the stellar gameplay. In an industry obsessed with making games more like movies, it's a breath of fresh air!"
76561198108984481,Recommended,297130,20207287,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,nikonxv,Sick mate
76561198012999976,Recommended,297130,19369842,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Plainview,"The best way to describe this game, it's a 2D Shadow of the Colossus. You have a bow with 1 arrow that you must retrieve after every shot. You can either walk over to it and pick it up or you can use force power to retrieve it. It's pretty difficult to defeat the Titan, but oh so satisfying when you do. They die with one shot of your arrow, but you need time your shot. Wait for a pattern and when they finally open up you probably have a second to react. Not for the impatient to say the least as you will die over and over again."
,Not Recommended,297130,22816107,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,RubberDorky,"Running running running. I fought and killed 5 bosses, but most of the 1.5 hours I played was spent running to try again after dying. One boss was quick. iit was very rewarding too in a way, but when the reward in the game is ""YES! I don't have to keep running back to this boss now!"", you've hit a problem.Definitely not rewarding enough to make me feel okay about wasting an hour running to the damn bosses each time I died.My other issue is THIS IS TAGGED WITH ""ADVENTURE"". If you're expecting one, stay away. The only ""Adventure"" to be had is noticing a different rock, or bit of moss when you pass by the same area for the 200th time.I can't say this enough, I urge adventure seekers to stay away from this game."
76561198130268469,Recommended,297130,16530642,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,skyhrg,"I don't know why there're negative reviews, it's a beautiful and fantastically made game. The graphics and gameplay are very good and challenging!But make sure you have a gaming pad with analog sticks!Brings back memories of Zelda, Shadow of Colossus, and pretty much every hard boss from the Nintendo SNES generation.:)"
,Recommended,297130,16555545,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Mister B,Titan Souls is a game where you're goal is obviously to slay titans.The only weapon you have is a bow and arrow with only one shot unless you pick your arrow back up or magnetize it towards you.You can roll and run to dodge attacks.At first the bosses may seem easy but there's some neat challenges that make fighting the bosses alot more interesting. There's also new game modes once you completed the game for the first time.
,Recommended,297130,16645678,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Amadeus,"I really didn't want to say that Titan Souls is a 2D Shadow of the Colossus, but Titan Souls is a 2D Shadow of the Colossus. The controls are smooth and the world looks wonderful, and each boss has two real stages - the part where you work out the puzzle that is 'How do I kill this Titan?' and the part where you then have to execute that plan.It's the execution that can prove frustrating. If you're prone to rage-quiting or lacking in patience, then this game isn't for you. Simple slip ups are punished harshly, and although the checkpoints aren't far from each Titan, the 20-45second treck can get tedious when it's the third, or fourth, or fifth time in a row.If you can perservere through the trial and error, however, the game is quite rewarding and it's very satisfying to finally take down that Titan you've been stuck on."
,Recommended,297130,16756007,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,KilfordBrimley,"The game needs another tuning pass, then it'd be a hands-down masterpiece. As it is, it's more infuriatingly difficult than rewardingly. TL;DR: Recommended only for semi-sadists. This isn't as good as the games its inspired by (currently).You have a run button, but you pretty much HAVE to hold it down, since the normal walk speed is a surefire way to get yourself killed.The arrow is alright, but if you miss your shot, you're pretty much dead, since it takes too long to retrieve it.The music is fantastic, but you'll only ever hear the first 6 seconds of a given song, because either you or the boss will be dead by then.NEEDED TWEAKS FOR GREATNESS* Double the speed of the arrow retrieval, at least in its acceleration curve.* Allow some movement (50% penalty?) while retrieving.* Make run speed 20% faster* Make walk speed 80% of what run speed is now* Eliminate tiny delay before your arrow shoots. A short press should still launch an arrow, not do nothing.* Arrow distance curve should increase. You have to hold the button a bit longer than feels right to get a 'usable' distance out of it.* Increase magnet radius for arrow retrieval. The archer has ONE JOB. Let's make it easy for him to do it.* Second-to-last boss needs to telegraph where he's going to go. It feels way too random and unpredictable. HIs window should also be about 250 ms wider, or it should be faster to nock/target the arrow. As it is, you just have to aim early and hope.* Swap blob boss and box boss as the box is a LOT easier and a better 'first' boss to encounter.OPTIONAL:* Add some degree of health, at least ONE hit of forgiveness, on the first playthrough. (though may not be as necessary if the tweaks above are applied).* Switch to a more standard ""rule of threes"" approach with yet more HPs to the player, like a permanent 3. We get to hear more music, and we get to have a more epic, less random chancey encounter."
76561198038747630,Not Recommended,297130,22685231,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,FloofyOrange,"Would be great if it respawned you in the boss room. The most frustrating part isn't dying, it's the run back to try again."
76561197965949373,Not Recommended,297130,30258503,Posted: 1 March,all,スydonia,"Titan Souls is a ""just keep trying""-kind of game. You can run, roll, shoot 1 (just one) arrow and retrieve it telepathically. With that, you're off to fight numerous bosses. You die in one hit, and so do they (granted that you hit their one weak spot).Unfortunately that's literally all there is, as far as I've encountered. You slowly traverse the map to find a boss and you'll probably die a few times before you kill it. Then off to the next  boss, and so forth. There's nothing inbetween. No small enemies, no upgrades, nothing. And if you die, you'll slowly have to get back to the boss to try again. Even if the checkpoint(s) are relatively close, why not just allow me to retry immediately? Spawn me in front of the boss again!Within one hour I found myself pretty bored of it. I'd probably keep trying if I could retry bosses immediately, though. Imagine if the respawning in Super Meatboy was three times as slow."
,Recommended,297130,26083505,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Cool Rick,Shadow of the Colossus meets Dark Souls
76561198071295510,Not Recommended,297130,15824854,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,790,"An extremely short, arbitrary, poorly designed boss rush. I got sick of backtracking from the checkpoint to fight an awful boss over and over again within the first half hour and quit. Not nearly worth the 15 dollars the developer wants you to drop on this game."
,Not Recommended,297130,29676626,Posted: 3 February,all,Blantern,Artwork isn't nice enough to merit spending half your time walking back to boss fights so you can get 1 hit KO'ed yet again.
,Not Recommended,297130,23193874,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Nevasol Ltd.,"I don't like to be so fastresponsive continuosly, however it is an attractive game whit it's own vibe."
,Recommended,297130,17547805,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Mongelo,Why is there so many bad reviews on the storepage!? This game is frickin awesome! Fighting bosses is the bestpart of any game! This is all you do!!! Figuring out how to even harm the damn thing like the good old days! Love this♥♥♥♥♥♥ 5/5!
76561198061320909,Not Recommended,297130,29452423,Posted: 23 January,all,Sage in Strides,"This game is...empty. It's all bosses, no regular enemies. As far as i got (a few bosses in), no upgrades to your character. You get killed in one hit, all boss phases are one hit. Borning, empty. Most of my 3 or so hours of play (some of it offline) were spent looking for enemies. Especially since you spawn way far away from enemies after you kill the first few, which are packed close together. Overall, I quickly got frustreated and bored at the same time. The landscape is nice, I can play Hyper Light Drifter for that, and more engaging combat, and more exploration.Overall, I would recomend other, similar games. Nuclear Throne, Hyper Light, Dungeon Souls, Iassac, etc. over this one every day of the week."
76561198040295426,Recommended,297130,17839382,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,diegzumillo,"Maybe I shouldn't be writing this right after rage quitting. But I am still recommending it. Keep in mind I haven't finished playing it yet.A game 90% boss fights and 10% walking around, one-hit kills, both for you and the bosses. This means the battles are extremely short. You start, die, maybe learn something, try again until you kill it. That is a compelling idea! But all this repetition is extremely tedious because you don't respawn fast and near the boss. And if we learned anything from Super MeatBoy is that repetition is ok if it doesn't waste my time. Dark souls sends you back too, sure, but the path is full of perils and challenges so you have something to do at least.So this is where I find myself: I fought against a boss about 5 times, the boss itself is a compelling puzzle and a reflex challenge, and I WANT to try again. But every time the game sends me back I want to simply close the game. It's the walking from spawn position back to the boss that kills the pacing of the game becauseit takes LONGER to walk over there than the fight itself.But anyway. Yes, the game looks very pretty, the Titans are very well designed, figuring them out is fun, finally beating them is very rewarding. If you are a very, very patient person and are totally ok with the walking part (seriously, your thumb will gain muscle memory and you can do the path with your eyes closed) then you will love this game.One final nitpick: why isn't run the standard state? who walks? My A button is starting to make noises."
,Not Recommended,297130,17590317,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,MAGi,"Fun for a bit, then gets very lazy and uninspired."
,Not Recommended,297130,26609250,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Spencer,"Terrible. Yet another boss slayer game. Nothing new except you only have one arrow so it's an action game minus the action. Hard for being hard sake. Except instead of being able to learn from your mistakes and improve, there's nothing you can do. Each boss has one trick to beat it and it's all a take on timing your dodge. Boring as hell and no depth. 1/5"
,Not Recommended,297130,16566905,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,farlanghn,Very Beautiful pixel art but if you don't like dying in one hit then its not for you. I should've read more before I bought it.
,Not Recommended,297130,17610879,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,uLILgunSISSY =D,"Impatient? Get upset easily? Have a family and full time job that isn't playing video games? Even with a controller this game's hard as hell and I can't say that I've time for it. It looks quite well polished but the learning curve is quite steep—more like hitting a wall. Immediately.If you LOVE difficult games—like if Zelda had one arrow, had downs syndrome and you were fighting bosses from the beginning—then this is YOUR game!"
,Not Recommended,297130,24004411,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,BlazeToyz,"Bought it on the Steam sale, thought it looked very cool and it is. The music is great, the art is nice and the idea was fun. Dark Souls difficulty in ""2D""? Hell yeah! Tutorial bosses were fun and I moved on, thinking ""Hey, did that make me a little faster? Something new must have happened. Is the arrow retrieval faster?"". But apparently nothing to very little happened.There's no story. There are no rewards. There is no map. A game needs some kind of reward system, or anything to keep track of your progress. I have no idea if I'm almost done with the game or if I have hours left.The bosses (and you) die in one hit. So either you get it on your first try or you have to run back. No biggie. I actually didn't have a problem with running back, that might be because of Dark Souls which is way more punishing. Most kills feels completely unforfilling because you just happened to get a perfect angle that one try. Learning the bosses was pretty fun, but on some of the bosses I didn't even see the weak spot for several tries, just because the boss never turned that way. And the absolute worst ability of some bosses was that they could change direction perfectly in the air, to match your movement, in the same speed you're going.Because there is no map and the world is pretty big and you don't spend enough time to learn any zone, you feel lost constantly. There's also no track of progress what I can find. I thought the elevators would show something, like ""2/8 areas complete"" or anything. But no. The idea of having very little sense of what's going on in the game can be cool. But there's nothing here. I just felt lost and confused the entire time. Some hints about anything in the world would be appreciated.I haven't completed the game (yet) but I still want to, just to see it through and maybe get some answers. Wouldn't recommend it, which is a shame."
,Not Recommended,297130,24664506,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Coke uhh Cola,"This game (in my opinion) trys a bit to hard to be hard. The fact that most things will one hit you and u only have one arrow which takes a long time to draw back after u have shot it, meaning that if u miss and the arrow goes out of your reach your probably going to die. while the art and concept are nice the gameplay is weird this game is just not fun.Also all the walking you have to do after that 2 second boss fight is so annoying i think they probably did this to force players to play more than 2hrs."
,Recommended,297130,20716326,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,fff,its pretty fun but eventually you want to stop playing
,Not Recommended,297130,28613021,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Andaharoo,"Some of the fights are good some of them are awful. Also the camera has some ""twitching"" too it when certain actions happen. Super annoying."
,Not Recommended,297130,21847619,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,MrShoop,too much walking
76561198077538197,Recommended,297130,22897505,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,VandriX,"I feel really really mixed about this game.While it is beautifully made, there is so many little things that make me want to say it's a bad game.But it's not a bad game! It feels more like a not finished game...Difficult to explain. It's a shame there is no ""mixed"" button in steam review.Ok so let's do the good points first :- Beautifull graphics --> really, nothing to say on this point. It's gorgeous.- Interesting Bosses --> about 20 bosses and almost all different paterns.- Good music --> yeah the music is well made but.. (see bellow)And the bad points :- No story at all ! --> There is games where you don't need it because their game mecanics don't allow it (take Towerfall as exemple) . But here in Titan Souls, it is clearly made to support a story ! Even a really symple one. Just something to gives you a purpose in the game... Otherwise you're just a bloke wandering around in an empty world... As it is right now...- Having the Roll and Run on the same button is just a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥! --> you can't really control your character if you have two different actions on the same button !- The music --> While the music is very good, you don't have time to listen to it cause you often die 10-20secondes after it starts...I feel like this game would have been better if you could bear a few hits and had to kill the Titans in 2-3 hits. You would have more time to learn it's pattern, and more time to hear the music and more time to really get into the game.Otherwise, some achievements are interesting to get, others are completly impossible..Dunno if I'll do a new playthrough for this game.. As I said, I have a mixed feeling about it.Anyway, count around 5h for a single playthrough."
76561198050811893,Not Recommended,297130,23284920,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Sad Bandit,"It's a beautiful game, but it's frustratingly hard for the sake of being frustratingly hard, and that just isn't good design."
,Not Recommended,297130,22857416,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,A Large Wallaby,"Beautiful, but totally incompetent as a game.A one-on-one boss fighter that revolves around a one-hit mechanic where either the player or the boss typically dies in one hit. The player has unlimited respawns, and a bit of walking between retries to give them time to strategize. There's a bit of a puzzle behind how to defeat each boss, but less times did I find myself cheering after the discovery of how to beat that boss than thinking""oh, I could have just done that the first time.""And to top it off, defeating each boss rewards you with a quickly repetitive animation where you absorb the titular Titan Souls from the defeated boss. It hasn't anything to do with how you defeated the boss, even a humorous animation to spite how many times you had to repeat the boss would have been appreciated.The whole point of a boss battle is as a test to see if you've improved with given abilities or disadvantages over the course of a level or front of enemies. This is just repeating several tests given no context and told which answers you've gotten right last time.Maybe with a bit more effort a concept like this could have worked. Sadly I wouldn't even recommend it on sale.4 points for artwork1 point for gameplay,-2 points for bugs and technical issuesOverall Verdict: 3/10"
76561198128472773,Recommended,297130,21056055,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,valahbr,This is a game for boss rush fans. There's not much to it besides great visuals and enourmous fun boss battles.One Hit KO mechanic is very neat and enjoyable.
,Recommended,297130,21659108,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,BigMac Condom™,I don't know what y'all turdlings are ♥♥♥♥♥ing about.This game is good git gud scrubs!Hell yeah I'd recommend this sexy thang any day.Lil pouting pieces of crud.
,Not Recommended,297130,33250661,Posted: 4 July,all,[NW] RadSquirrel,"This game might remind you of the smash hit PS2 title, shadow of the colossus looking at it from the outside. If that's what you expect when you buy this game, you'd be disappointed.+ It has bosses- you can roll and shoot your arrow, that's all the mechanics you get- everything is ohk in this game, against you, against the boss- due to the above, all boss fights are eerily similar- environment tilesets are very bland- Seemingly no story to be found which makes no compelling reason to keep playing repetitive boss fightsOverall, maybe skip this one and go pick up a good action platformer with bosses instead"
,Not Recommended,297130,23354113,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Chettone,"Gets really boring after a few minutes. No story or transition. You just enter to rooms with different bosses with some kind of puzzle/logic fights. You dont get any upgrade or sidegrade during the game.Get Hyper Light Drifter instead, way better game."
76561198182756317,Not Recommended,297130,25788527,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,champo_nation,"Don't get this game, its way too hard and isn't that fun after a while."
,Not Recommended,297130,35222506,Posted: 26 September,all,Glorious Leader of North Korea,Patience Simulator 2015
,Recommended,297130,20110051,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,LIDL,Gr8 game 9/10if you like running around for 10 minutes trying to find the damn boss
76561198088082750,Recommended,297130,23941093,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,[HTDG] joeisme333,"Really fun game. Beat the game (all of the titans) in about 5 and a half hours, but it was all in one play through; I couldn't put it down once I started. Kind of short, but super fun. Definitely worth the $5 on sale... though I'd be hesitant paying full price considering its length."
76561198220412972,Not Recommended,297130,20414012,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Doye,"jst hard with no means, I dont like win but always feel with lucky"
,Recommended,297130,24417339,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Incendiário,AWESOME GAME! One of the best souls like out there!
76561198117789959,Not Recommended,297130,17529066,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Ice Man,"This game is composed up of a series of boss battles, and lacks any other gameplay. Also, the time it takes from you to run back to a boss fight after death (which will happen several times) takes longer than the fights themselves. I purchased this game during a sale and thankfully received my money back. 2/10 would not reccomend."
76561198018388563,Not Recommended,297130,19511291,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Kingrelic,"BORING, not worth 10 minutes of wasted game play"
,Not Recommended,297130,20501421,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,MXsora,"The top reviews say it all.It tries to be a combination of Dark Souls and Shadow of the Collosus except it failsat recreating the greatest traits of either. The atmosphere is nice and the music and art do their job well, but the lack of worldbuilding and motivation at the start makes it a drag to care about anything you're doing. There is absolutely nothing at the beginning, it just throws you in because you're playing a video game, now play the video game dammit, kill these things because they impede forward progress and literally nothing else. I got more out of the story from the breif description of the game on the store page then the time i spent with this game.It lacks the scale and wonder of Shadow of the Colossus when it comes to the environments and exploration. It also lacks the intimidating nature and granduer of its boss fights as Titan Souls beleives in quantity over quality. The bosses are nothing more than a thirty second chaotic mess to see who hits who first instead of a puzzle that needed to be overcome.When it comes to difficulty, it looked at Dark Souls for maybe five seconds and decided that making everything tough as nails is the best way to make your game challenging and rewarding. In reality, it only frustrates the player as they spend more time walking back to the fight then actually engaged in it and once the player lands a lucky shot it is instantly over and you end up feeling nothing for beating the creature.If the game focused more on a smaller number of fights that were longer and more challenging then just a one hit lucky strike and tried to do more with its story and world, then I'd be able to recommend Titan Souls. But, that's not what the game is, so I can't recommend it."
76561198043999933,Not Recommended,297130,21287356,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Chocolate Loli·pop,"What if all the bosses in Dark Souls could one-shot you and you could one-shot them? That'd be pretty stupid, right?"
76561198046114529,Recommended,297130,18204037,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,krosmarc,"You'll Die!A lot.You'll walk.A lot more.It's like a top down walking simulator + arcade like boss fights. And that's it.3,5 hours for one incomplete playthrough.A fun little game."
76561198072712820,Recommended,297130,23916312,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,eknighton,"A favorite game.Aspects+Difficult.+Fair&Thinking intensive.+Plenty of great and origional content.+Beautiful&Immersive.+Convenient Size.+FreeDemoLikeABro (nice n' hard)Cons:If you don't have a game controller, it is much harder with the keypad controlls... which can't be re-mapped to treat a trackpad (or a mouse) as a directional stick.I do recommend this game above all others I've bought."
76561198020163223,Recommended,297130,23935609,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,jodyandrews,I haven't sworn this much since Super Meat Boy.
,Recommended,297130,23936265,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Cheese Flavored,Kinda like a top down Dark Souls boss rush but everyone dies in one hit.
,Recommended,297130,23914057,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,luodog,i try i die
76561198165097562,Recommended,297130,30465646,Posted: 12 March,all,Ensatzuken,A super simple game but challenging as hell.The concept behind is good the execution... a little flawed (some boss open their weak point for an incredible short amount of time which lead to high amount of frustration when combined to the fact most of the gameplay is going back to the bosses more than fighting them).Overall a fine game IF you like borderline unfair challenges. DO NOT APPROACH IT IF YOU ARE EASILY FRUSTRATED.And honestly... Buy it on a discount. Even with all the additional harder modes it's not really worth the full price.
,Recommended,297130,20566050,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Mr.RoBoT,So ♥♥♥♥ing hard... it requires alot of timing
,Not Recommended,297130,31851212,Posted: 19 May,all,Itrior,"this game wants so badly to be shadow of the colossus and dark souls, but those games were good. This game is slow, empty, and the combat is absolute garbage. For a boss rush game, they make you slowly walk through a big empty world. This is the video game equivalent of that guy who parks in 2 spaces in a full parking lot. If this was free it would still be garbage."
,Not Recommended,297130,31852055,Posted: 19 May,all,Corvax__,"This game looks good and the music is great but I really REALLY dont like the game play.I think the getting one hit killed thing is fine but when a boss can too it can make the game too easy especialy when most of them can be beaten in less then a minute.The movement is also a big problem, you move really slow and if you want to move a little bit fast you have to hold the dodge button which will cause you to roll and most likely roll right into death because there are no invincability frames.The World is pretty big and empty, it doesnt seem like there is any point in exploring areas that arent boss rooms."
,Not Recommended,297130,28898059,Posted: 1 January,all,BDRK9,"If you want to play Shadow of the Colossus then go do it. This isn't a substitute. It deseperately wants to be, but it isn't even the diet equivalent of SotC. It's like the generic cola version. It is also far too short to justify the pricetag. The need to endlessly walk back to the boss rooms after every death is annoying. The plot is pretty thin and vague. The gameplay is alright, but it gets repetitive. How many times should I have to fight a stone guy with two fists/appendages who has to expose his weak point while flailing at me?It's hard to give this a ""yes or no"" rating, as it isn't a BAD game, but it isn't as good as I'd hoped. I'd give it a 7/10, but I can't recommend four hours of flawed, repetitive gameplay for $15."
,Not Recommended,297130,28462607,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,私の名前 Ｊｅｆｆ,"I'd like to start by saying this game has a great soundtrack and is a very visually pleasing game and it's well made, I do enjoy it. That being said so far I have one major gripe with this game. I don't have a controller, thus I have to play this game on keyboard and mouse. Which would be fine if there were a way to change the controls. Which means that 1, I'm stuck with arrow keys for movement and I can't use my mouse for anything. This game has been out for a while and I can't believe they didn't implement a way to use the mouse. Considering controllers seem to have full directional movement I'm left with an arcade joystick type of movement. If this were to get fix I would definitely reccomend. So unless that happens, I can't."
,Not Recommended,297130,28732498,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,FlappyMcBitey,I lose half my play time to walking back to the bosses after being insta-killed. A poor design choice that could easily be fixed.
76561198017279748,Not Recommended,297130,23215331,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Governor Cure,Horrid level layoutHas many buttons and still has the run/roll buttonWhy not have a drop arrow button instead standing around with your pants down for valuable seconds?Spend more time walking instead of fighting
,Not Recommended,297130,22905805,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Morkys_streamland,"An awful game. A series of unfair, one hit kill boss fights with no story to interconnect them.Basically IWBTG but with no challenge between the boss fights"
,Not Recommended,297130,23092917,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Agent 47 chromosomes,It takes way too long to get back to a fight after you have died. it sounds like not a big deal but it gets extremely annoying after a few deaths.
,Recommended,297130,22972292,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,akosnikowski1,"Good game, but WAY too short. Only buy it if it's on sale. I cleared this game with 3 hours on file."
,Recommended,297130,19922442,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Brock Sampson,This game is so dam hard. ( >_< )
,Not Recommended,297130,23352183,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,winterwolf,You can't change controls through game or in configuration.
,Recommended,297130,32493463,Posted: 16 June,all,wengwengweng,战
76561198044870737,Recommended,297130,21879807,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,luluz,"Just play and defeat 5 bosses,-Graphic is beautifully amazing`Control is good, but you will need practiceGreat game but 2ez for 'souls' title game :)"
,Recommended,297130,21954043,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Pabbi,Do you cut yourself? well this game will get better results. go buy it!
,Recommended,297130,21906775,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,That Michael Guy,"I Greatly enjoyed titan souls, one my personal favorite games to play on long trips now since im able to play it on my laptop, The game is really hard and almost ridiculous on your first play through, then it amkes you wanna play it again and again either for fun or just to get the achievements.I've played through the game 17-20 times now just trying to get achievements or seeing how much faster I can beat the game than my friends.I recommend this game to people who are looking for a challenge to get some of the achievements and enjoy having your mind and soul crushed just to beat that one boss. I Don't recommend this game if you don't like games that you die constantly or don't have the patience to replay the same boss over and over again, just to beat the one frustrating boss."
,Recommended,297130,21954614,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,KILLER MEMESTAR,"Supwe addicting game, worth every penny"
,Recommended,297130,33679443,Posted: 20 July,all,Cammy Koopa,Very short and very sweet. Reminiscent of old flash games but in the best way possible. Music was way better than it had any right to be. If you wished your video games cut right to the fun boss fights this is the game for you. I'd grab it when it goes on sale seeing as how it's so short.
,Recommended,297130,28800368,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Alucard,"Bloody ♥♥♥♥ing amazing. The soundtrack is incredible, the bosses are unique, even if it has pixelated graphics, this game is just awesome, one of my favorites of all time."
,Recommended,297130,27590265,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Lumetta,2D Darksouls
76561198049459771,Recommended,297130,27056216,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,"Relax, you're doing fine",This is a coolest game I ever played!But some bosses may not be in uniform art style with others... never mind..
,Recommended,297130,25388455,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Save the Queen,"Really interesting game, as much a puzzle game as it is an action game."
76561198147436079,Recommended,297130,24280295,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,marcoszenar,"Beautiful graphics and very nice sound track that gives a total 2d shadow of colossus vibe.Its quite hard (and frustrating at times to be honest), but I really liked it and think it was worth both the time and the money. I don't think it was overpriced as some people are saying on other reviews."
,Not Recommended,297130,21404989,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Goering,"Too short and doesn't understand how to be challenging and fair at the same time.Most of the difficulty of the game is shooting precise spots while avoid one shot mechanics, but you can't use your mouse to aim so it's like they knew how much of the difficulty relies on using imprecise controls.As a result, it usually comes down to getting lucky enough with the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ aiming."
76561198242762528,Recommended,297130,25105496,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,meddlingcactus,Walked in to boss room.  Big yeti be throwin' giant snowballs at me then rolling at me at mach speed to smash me.  After being repeatedly smashed by this white furry hunk of man meat I finally shot him in his fine pink♥♥♥♥♥and he died.  I then felt sad because I'd never get to cuddle with him.9/10 would shoot a pink yeti♥♥♥♥♥again.
,Recommended,297130,25125740,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,⋁⋀⋤Ƹ̵̡Ӝ̵̨Ʒ⋁⋀⋤,"This game is supposed to be a quite difficult puzzle game and boss fighting game, in this game you will run into multiple bosses each of them have challenging gimmicks and you have an arrow, every boss dies in one hit BUT you need to figure out where and how to hit them in a certain weak point, these weak points a challenging and difficult to find. If you are into challenging games and also like pixel art i strongly recommend this game, this game is worth the money it is very well thought out and the artstyle and how the bosses look are amazing, this game is a really fun and challenging, the exploration is simple but big nonetheless and the OST is very suitable for the game i recommend it if ur into simple but difficult games."
,Recommended,297130,30676132,Posted: 22 March,all,chichen itza pizza,hard
76561198080686913,Recommended,297130,30757984,Posted: 26 March,all,Naoha,This game is great if you want a challeng. Its also great to speed run.
,Recommended,297130,30735713,Posted: 25 March,all,Mayor Mccheese,Game where you actually have to get good and not just get an item that makes you better. What you start with is what you get.
76561197972554935,Not Recommended,297130,20147662,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Not The Gypsy Claw,"Claims full controller support, can't play with my ps2 controller or arcade stick, even when using joy2key or x360ce, developers please fix this"
,Not Recommended,297130,19446615,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Sunaryt,"Pros:-artstyle pretty good-good OST-the controls are solid, despite what the other reviews say, it works fine with keyboardCons:-Its way to short with its 19 bosses-Most of the time you run, so it feels like they artificially stretch the lengthYou run long distances between all the bossesEvery time you die you have to run to the boss againIt feels rather annoying than challenging since you die at least 3 times to learn the pattern of the boss-Well the story doesnt really matter in this game, but they still tried to imply somethingIts solid game, but I wouldnt buy it for 10 Euro, buy it on sale"
,Not Recommended,297130,19460384,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,KakeMonster,"Awesome boss fights, great game idea! However, you will spend more time walking to the fights, than you will spend fighting. Recommended if you like traversing the same piece of map over and over.If you do decide to get this game, you'll get great boss fights that will leave you frustrated until you get an epiphany. And then you’ll be frustrated while walking back to the boss trying to execute your new plan, because that is what you’re going to be doing. Walking back to great boss fights!Please note, I’ve played this game more than what is logged on steam (Humble Bundle)."
,Not Recommended,297130,31902709,Posted: 22 May,all,Ship,"If you don't own a gamepad or aren't proficient with analogue sticks, don't even bother with this game.Kb/m controls are artificially limited to 8 directions, and there is no way to aim with a mouse. The closest thing is an Auto Hot Key script on the steam community, but even that only lets you aim in 8 directions. Disappointing."
,Recommended,297130,31938526,Posted: 24 May,all,DesertPogona,"Beautiful art.Very difficult.Extremely difficult, even."
,Recommended,297130,31969997,Posted: 26 May,all,ImaBlackBelt,"Excellent little game. Unique and refreshing. A must for fans of Dark Souls, Shadow of the Colossus, Link to the Past, or just fun indie pixel games. Similar to 2D Zelda games in mechanics. Similar to Shadow of the Colossus in that you only fight bosses, there are no ""normal"" enemies to kill, and the rest of the game is just wandering alone through lovely scenery between bosses. Similar to Dark Souls in difficulty level, atmosphere, ""figure it out yourself"" lore, and that nice feeling of skill progression.You die in one hit. Most bosses die in one hit. Most bosses have some level of puzzle solving to do in order to figure out how to expose their weak spot and kill them. Your only weapon is a bow that fires one arrow which then must be retrieved either by physically running over to it or using your ability to reel the arrow in. Your only defense is dodge rolling. You will die a lot. Probably 10 times at least before you kill anything. The game is just frustrating enough to give that feeling of accomplishment without being totally overbearing. It does not hold the player's hand, opting to simply teach the controls and then give no other help.Titan Souls is fairly open ended. You can kill a lot of the bosses in any order you want, except for the first three which are in a seperate area and last three which are linear. You only have to kill most of them to beat the game so you can skip some if you want. Although there is a reward for killing them all. The game is quite short, first playthrough took me around two hours. You can kill all the bosses in under a minute if you do it right, and in fact there's an achievement to beat the game in under 20 minutes. But there's good replay value. Beating the game opens up the options for Hard mode, No Rolling mode, and of course No Deaths mode. A lot of the bosses have fun achievements for killing them in specific ways. I see myself beating this game quite a few times before I get bored.Another great offering from Devolver Digital. The bosses are suitably epic and the artwork is pleasing. Do yourself a favor and pick up a copy. Make sure you have a controller though because the game is pretty much unplayable without an analog stick despite only having two buttons."
76561198142897802,Not Recommended,297130,32041851,Posted: 29 May,all,Link_Farore_Hylian,"I've only played this game for a little under an hour at the time of writing this, but in that time I have found many many things bad about this game and many things that I like. Overall I can't recommend this game, especially for 15 dollars.Let's start with some pros and cons.Pros-Amazing pixel graphics-Very nice sound track-good boss conceptsCons-Deaths feel unfair-There is no reward for killing bossesWhen I started the game it felt like some kind of open world Shadow of the Colossus Zelda-lite and I thought ""Oh this is really nice"". Then when I found what I assume is the first set of many boss rooms I thought ""Oh there's a boss gauntlet so early?"" What I didn't realize was that's all there is to this game, It's ONLY a boss gauntlet. That's fine it doesn't ruin a game, but it makes me wonder why the developers even bothered making the hub world have an open world feel to it.I saw vines on one of the walls and was amazed to see I could climb them.  My first instinct was to climb some vines which lead to a secret overhang in the wall, usually game developers would reward players for being observant and exploring the world but this game doesn't do that and it just feels bad, like a waste of time. I had a similar impression when I found out I could swim, and it made me wonder even more if these elements would be used later in the game or not.Now let's talk about the bosses and combat. The bosses in this game, well the only 4 I saw before I decided to stop playing, had some really interesting concepts. However the difficulty in this game is atrocious. If you take 1 hit you're dead, that's it. You have a bow and arrow and 1 single arrow which you need to retrieve. This in my opinion is lazy game design, it's artificial difficulty. It's obvious this game is inspired from 3 main games, Shadow of the Colossus, The Legend of Zelda, and Dark Souls. None of those games has a single enemy which can kill you in 1 hit at the beginning, so where did the developers get the idea of a 1 hit system? After my 30th try on the slime boss I came to the conclusion that this game was essentially Dark Souls with 1 hp and 1 stamina, probably worse. I should mention that you do have an ability to have your only arrow come flying back to you, but it makes you stand perfectly still and puts you in harms way.Now I finally DID beat the slime boss, however when I beat the slime boss the screen flashed white then the game crashed. I put down my controller and thought to myself, ""Why am I playing this?"". The answer was because I wanted to see if you actually GET anything from the boss, perhaps an extra arrow, a sword, an extra life, anything that might make this all worth it. I started up the game again died a few times and then finally I did it, I beat the boss again...and then the game crashed again. At this point I thought maybe the game was just completely broken. I told myself I had to at least try 1 more time on the off chance the first 2 crashes were a fluke, I'm glad I did. I beat the boss again went through the cut scene and then... nothing. There was nothing for beating the boss, just another 3 bosses waiting to be beaten.I went to the ice boss shot an arrow to wake it up where it immediately killed me without notice.I closed the game.I will not play this game ever again, or recommend anyone else play it."
76561198129142098,Recommended,297130,32023698,Posted: 28 May,all,FGX,"If you like mechanically focused boss fights, amazing music, and challenging gameplay then please consider buying this game. It has been an inspiration to me and I often bring it up in conversations about game design. If you play games to relax this might not be the one for you, but if you're like me and enjoy games that don't hold your hand and bosses that can take 20+ attempts to overcome then I reccommend it to you."
,Recommended,297130,24756072,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Textunes,"Titan Souls is a great game full of fun bosses and is very encapsulating. The only issue I have is with the second last boss Soul who is seemingly random and is super annoying to fight, otherwise it is very well done."
,Recommended,297130,17574508,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Dubstepmummy,This game is so great and hours of fun. The only problem is when you want to play in hard mode then the game is impossible with makes it even better than before.
76561198073076879,Recommended,297130,20244578,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Dandy,One of the few games that always finds a new way to be fun and difficult.-Beautiful graphics-Fun gameplay-Fantastic soundtrack12/10 ~Would buy again
,Recommended,297130,20325955,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Felolira,LOVE IT! AMAZING GRAPHICS AND NOT FOR THE FAINT OF HEART GAMEPLAY!
,Recommended,297130,20337792,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,twitch.tv/Sarkmor,"This game is hard.Don't trust on the videos that you watch, or the wiki tutorials.This is so hard, that i died 280 times to beat it on easy (all bosses)...Currently trying to beat on hard, with 4 boss defeated and 92 deathsGreat game, but hard. Recommend a controller to play."
76561198116831647,Recommended,297130,20850621,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Jet Mystery Torpeado,"To sum up this game. It is fun. It is one of the few games which makes me exicited to play and is stilll fun to play after completing it.Everytime you start a new game, you still get that challenge to hit that sweet spot to defeat them. Once you get a stratergy down they can become pretty easy to beat.However some of the downsides are:When you die it takes time to get back to the arena(Especially the woodland bosses).If you dont get a stratergy down then you will die a lot.They can become annoying after the first 30 deaths of fighting each boss.If you are using a keyboard to fight then you only have 8 direcition to point in which can be really annoying(Especially when defrosting the entrance to the Ice serpant boss).Yet overall it is a great game which I highly recommend."
,Recommended,297130,17618580,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,mckinst87,"I've read a lot of the negative reviews and I can see what people are getting at,it's not the most polished of experiences and truth be told after 4 hours (1 of those spent on a boss with laser eyes and two stupid fists I hate so god damn much that I just want to rarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrGFDHDKSHSKKSHSKSNSK................I don't have any desire to continue or replay it or god forbid speed run it.But that said, I enjoyed the experience a lot, it's an atmospheric nicely realised world with the type oof exploration I enjoy. I liked coing up with my own theories for what everything meant and what my character was actually doing. I got into the boss fights and the time between dying, swearing relading and fighting the boss again for the 1230th time is short enough to not be annoying (except  for a plant thing in a nice Zelda-esque forest)Is it worth the full price (he asked pretentiously to himelf the pretentious little so and so) for me I paid full price and I don't regret doing so at all, that's all I can say on that.STUPID LASER EYES STUPID STUPID STUPID FISTS NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO! GWAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!"
76561198048783129,Recommended,297130,19546527,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,RTJGSketch,"A charming visual aesthetic that utilizes gorgeous pixel art and low-poly models, a soundtrack that easily warrants an essay's worth of praise, bundled together in a game that's highly engaging, challenging, and utilizes the few mechanics it possesses to make each fight a unique puzzle. Short in length, with a lot of replay value for those who enjoy challenging themselves and hunting for achievements. In short, an experience I think anyone should try at least once."
,Recommended,297130,19562793,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Salt,"A great game for all players who have played pretty much any type of game that has bosses (which is what this game only consists of.) that require you to think while fighting them. If you were ever a fan of Zelda bosses, then these will bring back some memories. All of the bosses I have fought thus far have made me think of different ways to beat them, and have forced me to learn their move sets and attack patterns. While none of the bosses I have faced thus far have been over the top challenging, they have still required me to put in more thought than I would have usually, and have all proven to be fun to fight. The pixel at in this game is also very beautiful, and clean. The attack mechanic is very interesting, but works well with the game. You get one arrow and a bow, and after you fire that arrow, you can call it back to you. The thing is, that as the arrow travels back to your character (The arrow will not go through walls when returning) it will inflict damage upon anything it hits. I would recommend this game to people who can tollerate dying a few time in order to figure out how to beat your opponent, and can handle having to be smart with their attacks; otherwise, this game is not for you."
,Recommended,297130,20208050,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,pH,"This game focuses on two things and does them fantasticly.1. Boss fights: The mechanics are as clean and simple as it gets, so it's all down to pure skill. No leveling, items, skills, etc. It's just raw dexterity and puzzle solving.2. Exploration: Between the fights, you get to explore this gorgeous world and truly soak in the pixelart and soundtrack.The main is unforgiving, and I love that.For anyone who loved this, also try Jotun."
76561198090639544,Recommended,297130,20277628,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Kaiser Dreschner,"If you love Shadow of the Colossus then you will like this, similar game progression (kill big baddies in 1v1 battles) but with an interesting bow-only gameplay and 1-hit death. Graphics are cool (although in getting♥♥♥♥♥♥tired of 8/16-bits graphics) and smooth, and the tracks pretty fitting and enjoyable.Overall it's not an epic experience, but a pretty damn indie with insane challenges."
,Recommended,297130,20842061,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,moOx,"probably GOTY 2015 for me, though its more like 2016 for me cuz I only found out about it this january.This game grew on me rly fast, very enjoyable, atmospheric and great gameplay.My first playthrough took me about 5.5 hours and I died 350 timesI already liked this game in my second playthrough so much that it made me want to speedrun it and I never before even thought about speedrunning a game, but now I'm doing it and it's so much fun even though I played through it so many times already, but I'm pretty committed to it now^^obviously speedrunning isn't something u can  just do because u want to, u need to get a feel for the game first and u need to learn everything about the game... the beauty about Titan souls is that it isn't actually a big game, it's just hard, and in hindsight it isn't even that hard, u just need to learn the game, that's about it.If u want to get into speedrunning, this game is great to pick upabout negative reviewers I have to say that those are probably people who don't like a challenge, I would also argue that this game is harder on its first playthrough than dark souls, which could be too much for some ppl and no.. it's not like dark souls but some people mean to compare the 2 and I can see where they are coming from in some form but they are not rly similar.anyway.. just pick up the game It's a great game/ experience and don't let urself get down, It's rly fun and rewarding.. be it completing ur first playthorugh or beating every boss in the game without dying and feel like a pro-- this is just a rly solid gameIn my first 88 hrs. I've encountered only 2 bugs, 1. got stuck once on the teeth of the ice world boss and 2. killed Soul once in a very strange way were he died while I didn't even shoot at its direction^^anyways GG and HF!"
,Recommended,297130,25899415,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Hvidyo,"Dark souls, if dark souls was released before dark souls."
76561198071720482,Recommended,297130,31479245,Posted: 30 April,all,pyr0kid,"this game is hard. like, very hard.to give you an idea how hard it is, listen to this. under 1% of players have beat the game on hard mode."
76561198210025467,Not Recommended,297130,32958210,Posted: 28 June,all,Kool-Aid Man Randy Savage,"Titan Souls is a bad game. It is not hard, it is not punishing. It is simply unfair. The concept of having only one arrow to shoot and retrieve is interesting, the artstyle and sound design is very good. But it is poorly executed. The speed that bosses move, attack, and track at is too fast given the size of your character, and the mechanics of shooting your arrow. I think that this game was a good idea, just poorly made."
76561198056057114,Recommended,297130,20927238,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,King_Stingray,"A beautifully constructed, short, and challenging experience. Consisting of a colorful landscape, enjoyable soundtrack, and a variety of mysterious bosses."
,Recommended,297130,21229131,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,killa_link,"Every battle is a boss battle, where every boss falls with one strike, you only need to figure out how to hit them.Great fast paced puzzle-like boss fighting gameplay, beautiful pixel art aesthetic with diverse and expansive level-design & a wonderous musical score.9/10"
76561198072359520,Recommended,297130,17548349,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Biggie Cheese,"Like dark souls, but with only bosses.11/10 would throw controller againBut seriously this game is really fun, but infuriating. I had to take a few brakes and once I found out there are secret bosses, I was excited enough to fight them. All I have to say is, youtube is your best friend."
76561198154300378,Recommended,297130,17945075,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,KONODIODA!,"I honestly don't know why so many people don't like this game, it's really similiar to Shadow of the Colossus. It has a fantastic and beautiful soundtrack, the open world is incredible! It isn't that big, but I really felt that I was in another world! The bosses are very creative, and you have to find the bosses yourself, when you find them you have to find a way to kill them. The bosses are very creative and some of them are incredibly difficult to kill. Titan Souls is very hard but very rewarding, after you've killed a boss you feel incredible, like you just beat a final boss.It has a demo so you ca check for yourself if you like it.This may be one of the best games I've ever played. I definetily recommend this game 10000000%"
76561198038186441,Recommended,297130,19397986,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,eldeth1029,Very fun game and has a lot of replayability. Can't really go wrong with it.
76561198025819408,Recommended,297130,19464784,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Ionthas,"Must play for all Dark Solus fans. Incredible mechanics, controls and music."
76561198042056116,Recommended,297130,19623476,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Dardadé,"Tl;dr - Game is entirely boss fights. Bosses are unique and fun. Fast-paced, battles can be won or lost very quickly. Controller is recommended, but absolutely not required.The game is entirely boss fights. These fights end in either one well-placed arrow against the boss, or one well-placed hit on you (with a couple exceptions). It can feel a bit underwhelming when you beat a boss because of this, but it's okay! There's a solution! It's called a whoooole library full of bosses. There's a damn lot of them, and they're all unique and hard to fight.The game is played with minimal backstory (Did I say minimal? I meant it's not there.)Controls are very tight, which is good, because the only way to beat the boss you're fighting might be to fire and arrow in between floating fists zooming around that can either block your arrow from their target or just pancake you.Music is pretty 'aightBasic Controls:Can quickly move a short distance by rollingShoot an arrow, aim using controller or arrow keysCan use the force to make your arrow fly back to your hand, this can damage enemies and is sometimes the only way to beat them""AAAH! I'M SUPPOSED TO PLAY WITH A CONTROLLER!?""The game is meant to be played with a controller (""highly recommended"") But certainly not required! With a controller, you can shoot your arrow in a whole 360 degrees around you. But if you're stuck with just the arrow keys, you can shoot in only 8 directions by holding down the arrow keys to aim (""^"" Key to shoot North, "">"" Key to shoot East, ""^ and > together"" to shoot diagonally NorthEast (This being said, you can also be insanely edgy and release the arrow just after letting go of one of your arrow keys after pointing diagonally ""let go of ""^"" key after holding ""^ and >"", though this is generally unreliable and overall a bad idea)) Though it's harder to play with a keyboard, I beat the first 4 bosses in ~45 minutes, though those 45 minutes had sweat and lots and lots of blood poured into them."
,Recommended,297130,17574368,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Kekistan Soldier,This game is really hard WARNING: do not play this game if you have anger issues.
,Recommended,297130,20202543,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Awesomender,"I personally had a great expierence playing Titan Souls, I compare it to a weird mix of Shadow of the Colosseus and Dark Souls. The game is very simple, take down all the titans, with your singular arrow. One good shot to whatever that specific boss' weakpoint is, and it is going down for the count. Same goes for you, one hit, and you're dead.Pros:FunFeeling of accomplishment with every killChallengingGood SoundtrackVisually pleasing, even with pixle styleCons:Walking back from the checkpoint every time you dieHow many times you dieNo StoryShortIf you're looking for a more complete review, please check out my video below. Any and all feedback is weclomed.https://youtu.be/LXJec2KfoNs"
76561198140298720,Recommended,297130,17634239,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,AngryPenguin,While the game is short there is a lot of replay value and trying to see how fast you can beat a boss is fun. Each boss is visually interesting and well designed the combat system is clever and the visuals match the clean soundtrack very nicely. I personally prefer it over shadow of the collasus and it's only con is it's too short as I already previously stated. All in all it's well worth the 15 dollars it costs and is a nice little adventure to dive into for a week or so.
,Recommended,297130,17953420,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,n0thingman,"Perfect blend of challenge, exploration, and atmosphere."
,Recommended,297130,19432323,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Toyra,The boss fights are very uneven in their difficulty.Great game nonetheless!
,Recommended,297130,19518640,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,LunarShroud,"Fun, boss-only game with a wonderful, vaired world to explore. One shot, one kill mechanics for you and enemies makes it seem very fair. Feels like dark souls-lite, but done in the best way possible."
76561197979241252,Recommended,297130,20121852,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,blitz_shot,This game is difficult but well 100% well worth it. Had so much fun playing it.If you liked super meat boy you'll love this.
76561198218369732,Recommended,297130,21454056,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Prussian,"I haven't gotten a chance to beat the game yet, but with the playtime I've had, I would recommend this game to anyone who loves a game that's challenging and has a GREAT soundtrack. Thumbs up to the dev/devs!"
,Recommended,297130,21572825,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,LordofAcre,"Very hard game that can be quite frustrating, yet is very rewarding if you manage to kill a boss. Some bosses will make you scratch you're head trying to figure out how to beat them. If you want an ""easy mode"" you can use a guide but it will take a significant part of the reward aspect from the game figuring out how to beat the boss yourself.If you like hard but rewarding games this can be the game for you. Well made and the music is quite nice.The only bad aspect I would say about the game is that it would be nice if there was a quick redo button to restart a boss fight or that some checkpoints would be closer to the boss you are trying to beat to save time."
,Recommended,297130,17554905,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,oh fucc yes thats the ticket,"This is pretty fun, and I think many will really enjoy it. Although I've only beaten the first three bosses, I already have a pretty sizable complant. After you die, instead of just a jumpcut to the save point, there is about a five second black screen and a little bit of music, and it annoys the hell out of me, becaus eyou die a lot."
,Recommended,297130,17952518,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Fluffy,"If this game was a potato, it would be a good potato."
76561198150883031,Recommended,297130,18050387,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Ancient Citadel,It was the best game ever!!!!!!!
,Recommended,297130,19446640,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,2 Indie Dev.,"I love they way this looks, but I'm I the only one who dislikes the controls?I want to play this but the two button setup sucks so bad."
,Recommended,297130,19500961,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,VirtuallyReal,"-- Recommended but on sale only --Titan Souls is a short and charming experience that would have been gold had it been a bit more rounded out than it was.While a lot of reviews downvote due to how short the game is, I'd consider it a ""feature"" of the game. For a boss-run style game (that has a total gameplay timer in it), short and sweet makes sense and turns the game into a speed running challenge if you're into that kind of thing, adding some replay value.Game is challenging, albeit not ridiculously so. As many reviews point out, it has a very similar feeling and theme to Shadow of the Colossus, but unfortunately lacks impact that made SotC work.Pros;- I like that the game is short and mysterious, and doesn't waver from it's core concept- Challenging, but not over the top- Fast-paced- Has a hint of subtlety to it, enough to make it interesting and mysterious if you pay attention, not enough to make it stand out in the long run.- Soundtrack is pretty damn good- Art is really nice, reminds me of Risk of Rain- Final boss was pretty wicked, had a really cool final-fight feel to it.Cons;- It is a short game, I enjoyed it as a short game but if you're looking for a time investment, this is probably not it- Puzzles and mystery of the game fall short. It seems like the devs were a small bit too careful about inclusion of such, exploration and discovery go unrewarded. While I found the one hint to the ""Lost Woods"" type area leading me to the boss, it would be easy to find said Titan without noticing such a hint, which is a bit discouraging and defeats the purpose.  Had they let the game have a greater element of discovery and perception to it, it would have made it much more interesting and rewarding to find more hidden Titans.- The actual fighting is unfortunately not thought through very well. There were several bosses were I was wondering ""Oh, do I have to do 'x' to expose/hit a weak point?"" when the answer was no, you just shove an arrow into the weak point and that's mostly it, which made it frustrating since I was otherthinking it and hoping perception would go rewarded, when it was punished with death until I just made a lucky shot and killed the boss.- For a mysterious game I don't want to say the ending was terrible, but it was. It kind of just ends, answering nothing and raising no intrigue. Had there even been a few really cool and artistic final shots of the area or the tower in the last scene I feel I would've been much more satisfied but instead it just kind of ends. I didn't even expect or really want answers, but it doesn't even present a story or end on more questions. Had the ending presented some kind of idea or introduced something that could let players develop their own story or outline of what the adventure was about, it would have had a solid and mysterious ending with enough intrigue to keep people talking and interested. Much like the end of SotC which I have to reference again, in the last scene your character is suddenly an infant with horns but the girl you were trying to save is alive again. It has a sense of closure, while also adding a layer of depth and confusion that raises intrigue. By contrast this game just ends completely and utterly, roll credits. (Yes, I got The Truth ending)That pretty much sums it up. Took me around 2.5 hours first attempt. Fun and fast game with some healthy challenge that missed out on small opportunities to make it well-rounded and fully polished."
,Recommended,297130,20101722,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,AndyKoopa,"Good game, a 2D difficult boss fight game. You will die!!"
,Recommended,297130,20244298,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Starborn,These controls are more responsive than my dead dog.
76561198073700238,Recommended,297130,21192379,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Reiik,"Holy ♥♥♥♥ing moly, the game soundtrack is FREAKING AWESOME, all the battle is very fun, and some battles are too hard that makes you want defeat the boss even more than the last time you died for him.The game has only one con: It's hard to aim, even with a gamepad, and it should be possible to aim with your mouse and walk using your keyboard, the gameplay would be way better for those who dont own a gamepad and also for thoose who own.I recommend this game so ♥♥♥♥ing hard,you definitely should try it."
,Recommended,297130,21353309,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Damienn,Look guys a giang green blob to fight. I got this!  ... *SPLAT* nope... have to re evaluate the situation... Great game and a MUST BUY!
76561198125805632,Recommended,297130,21086167,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,The Deku King,good game try it if you like boss fight games
,Recommended,297130,19571030,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Mit,Like shadow of the colossus but 2D
,Recommended,297130,19688294,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,sonictk,"A game with a solid core mechanic, great aesthetic and atmosphere, and a well-executed implied narrative and setting. Very much in the vein of ICO and Shadow of the Colossus, but a much more distilled experience with less filler/padding. This is precisely what good game design is all about. Witcher 3, MGSV, Order 1886 may have had spectacular visuals and art direction (and crazy good animation and insanely good cinematographic direction in the latter two cases), but Titan Souls is a better classic than any of them, because it is a solid concept executed well."
76561198043111734,Recommended,297130,20209217,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Alzack13,"This game is hella fun. It's a challenging boss-only game where you die in one hit, but the bosses also die in one well-placed shot from you. Controls are tight, bosses are well designed, and if you die the checkpoint isn't very far from the boss, so it's not really that frustrating. If anything, it's a tad short, but it has a slew of challenging modes to keep you interested. Definitely reccomend."
76561198088604687,Recommended,297130,31674772,Posted: 10 May,all,Dusty Bonez,Great game! Would recommend to anyone who enjoys challenging boss battles
76561198005996699,Recommended,297130,28936649,Posted: 2 January,all,noblevalue,"Incredibly hard, but very fun. If you like Boss Battles in general or think Hyper Light Drifter was cool, then this is absolutely for you."
76561198025931754,Recommended,297130,33358960,Posted: 7 July,all,zakh134,"charming, memorable, creative boss fights and one of the best OST's in an indie game"
,Recommended,297130,33415096,Posted: 9 July,all,WisePsychoFox,"This may be an old game, however it is very addicting an a good challenge to face. To any and all people complaining about things like ""It's hard to aim"", ""It's too much work"", ""Theres not enough checkpoints"" and anything else I must ask you ""Why did you buy it then?"". If you're not going to put any effort into a game then theres no room for you in the community. It's obviously not meant to be easy and I'm glad it's not. Stop complaining and just finish at least normal mode like I did. Oh, and also the tutorials on how to beat each boss is usually less that three minutes (Per boss) so stop coplaining about that too."
,Recommended,297130,33172640,Posted: 3 July,all,C0Bruhh,10/10 would die 200+ times for 15 kills
,Recommended,297130,23935922,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,JakeDaSoup,Works well on nvidia shield while on the go!
76561198325776512,Recommended,297130,31572449,Posted: 5 May,all,Reid,"having completed the whole game before,now just purchase it for collection.Good game."
,Recommended,297130,25023115,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,★TUNA ★,This game has a brain behind it. You just gotta shoot at it with an arrow. <
76561198309317558,Recommended,297130,23893458,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,cade,"fun,beautifulgraphics,greatmusic. And cheap PICK IT UP"
76561198181719042,Recommended,297130,24248552,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,jessechapman914,How it is 15 dollars is WAYYY over priced i finished in 3 days i say it should be 5 or 7 dollars but anyways it was good and challangeing
,Not Recommended,297130,24207916,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Doublevil,"Titan Souls is a kind of boss-rush challenge game. It has very simple game mechanics: you can charge and fire an arrow, have to retrieve it to fire again, and you can roll to avoid attacks.I bought the game hoping for a few hours of fast-paced action.What I found, however, are inconsistently difficult bosses that you have to murder in a matter of seconds, because otherwise you'll be the one getting murdered in a matter of seconds.In addition to the shortness of fights, there are several things that prevented me from enjoying the game:- The inconsistency is the most annoying issue. Most of the bosses' behavior has a random component, and you won't be able to find a consistent strategy; at least not in a single playthrough. This makes the sense of achievement you are supposed to get after killing a boss spoiled by this sensation of it being no more than a fluke.- Strategies required to kill bosses often aren't smart at all. Without spoiling, I'll just say that some bosses are only vulnerable for a few frames. Couple that with the randomness of their behavior and the time it takes to charge your bow, and you get frustration.- The environments you have to cross to get to the bosses are empty and uninteresting. Some of them feature a ""puzzle"", which is equally uninteresting and feels like a waste of time.- While musics are pretty great at times, sounds aren't.If you're looking for a good fast-paced boss rush action, try Furi instead."
,Recommended,297130,23994507,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Gustavus Anonus,"Running to the boss room: The game™This game would be so much better if 85% of it wasn't running to boss room because you made mistake and died 5 seconds after entering it. I'm pretty sure that from 2 hours  and 22 minutes (in game timer) I wasted around  1:50 just running around. Otherwise this game is very enjoyable if you are into fast 1v1 duels where one mistake may cost you your life (and time since you have to run to boss room again). Music is very good, graphic is okay (depends if you like pixel arty graphic) but world is really, really empty - you have occasional ruins here and there, some buildings, roads trees and thats about it. No friendly npcs and no enemies in between your search for bosses. I have nothing to say about story because it's told Dark Souls style - hardly any dialogue, you have as much knowledge about this world as guy sitting next to you on bus. Maybe it would be better if devs would give you abbility to translate Titan language from 1st playthrough instead of giving it to you after you complete your first run.Anyways it's pretty good game but since basic game lasts around 2h it would be wiser to get this game while it's on sale.7/10"
76561197983496416,Recommended,297130,31889871,Posted: 21 May,all,CrOnNoS,"3 hours game. Still, these are 3 hours with no talking, little walking and lots of brainstorm and battles while trying to find out how to defeat each boss. Feels like 5-6 hours =P. Anyway, that was a great game which focus on your reflexes and quick thinking to notice the hints and gaps to fight back and completely ignore talking, leveling, grinding and anything else but fighting the bosses. Even less things to do, apart from the bosses, than shadow of the colossus."
,Recommended,297130,28855894,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Sotto,"Awesome friggin game. I was debating to buy this game at full price a while back because i read the reviews and it sounded very promising. But I've seen it go on sale a couple times before I even knew about the game so I decided to wait, and my god have I been missing out! The mechanics are great for what the game is created for, kinda reminds me of hyper light drifter, and I finished both these games in less than a day. I would've paid full cost for the game if I had known how great it is."
,Recommended,297130,34043693,Posted: 5 August,all,'eRt1,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ Is this an Dark Souls reference?
76561198143227063,Not Recommended,297130,34178293,Posted: 11 August,all,Jaedien,"So just tried  thisafter playing some Hyper Light Drifter, which i would not recommend playing in that order. This game is unwelcome(no story from the get go to immerse you or draw you in). I really do not understand the mechanic that you have to hold a button to regain you one and only arrow while dodging franticly, or the one and only life one has has while doing this. This is obtuse and frustating and i play Dark Souls with a grin. I try this some other time and give it a second chance... But i would recommend Dark Souls if one wants a moderately fair hard challenge or Hyper Light Drifter if beautiful pixel graphics, an awesome ""weird"" story and a nice metroidvania level design if one desrires such,"
76561198032761932,Recommended,297130,22439223,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Gigaxe,A very challenging game. Completing it is a great feeling of achievement.
76561198259557841,Recommended,297130,22462783,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,InfiniteBacon | Trading,"I've got alot of games including The Witcher 3, Rocket League, Skyrim, etc. but I've never been so motivated to play or beat a game as I was when playing this one. Great Game"
,Recommended,297130,23212637,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Spookerblitty,"Very good game! I love the music and graphics. It can be very frustrating sometime, but always comes across as amazing. However, it can get very repetitive so if you have a short temper or get bored easily, this is not the game for you. Overall it is a very good game and I recommend it!"
76561198029145000,Recommended,297130,21989419,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,theonlytreat,"The main gripe I saw with this game before purchasing was the difficulty. People complained that the fun of the game was ruined by a near constant death screen. After buying the game yesterday and finishing it in around 4 hr 45 min I can say that's simply not the case. Yes the game is hard and yes I died over 200 times in my first playthrough but that is exactly what makes the game so rewarding. Learning from each mistake and memorizing each boss's attack pattern made it all the more sweet when you finally sneak that arrow into the yeti's♥♥♥♥♥or mushroom's pimple. I am by no means an exceptionally skilled gamer either, I'm sure someone with more finesse than I could complete this game with much less difficulty.All of this being said, I could not justify paying $15 for this game but at $3.74 I'd have really missed out if I hadn't picked this one up."
76561198013085392,Recommended,297130,22260511,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Akadosh,"Too casual, all the enemies die in one hit."
,Recommended,297130,22934270,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Real Guko,"""I'm too cheap for 3D dark souls 3 so I settled for the 2D version instead"""
,Recommended,297130,23545234,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,XayDay,"love the soundtrack of the game , it is hard sometime to play but its funnot really going to play the same game style again , because i don't see my self sepending lot of time playing this game for so many hours , in 1 boss fight just to find out how to kill it !!! (not me)"
,Recommended,297130,23059656,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,nachoolo,"I recomended yes.BUT, and it is a big but, ONLY IN A SALE.that's because, althouth the game is beautifull, the sountrack is great and the boss fights (ie, half of the gameplay) are quite hard and fun, the respaw sucks a lot.The big problem is how freaking big is the world map compare to your avatar, a huge world full of nothingless. A lot of people will compare this game to Shadow of the Colossus (not need to say why), game that also had a empy world map. The thing is, that in SoC, the world wasnt exactly empty: you have trees with frutes that give you more live, ruins to save the game and hunt lizards to gains stamina, and you were not alone, you were with Agro.The other reason was that SoC bosses werent Dark Souls levels of hard, so you wouldnt restard time and time aggain the boss fight, roaming the lands to the conflict. This is what happen with Titan Souls.The lack of a real story also hurts the game.So, at the end Titan Souls fails thanks of some minor thigs tham pile up, making the game tedious sometimes. Maibe if they had made the game more easy, or put an story, or put more flavor in the world, or put it a quicktravel, or everything of that, this game would had been a indie Masterpiece.But, with what we have, wait for a sale, because the game isnt bad."
76561198112704740,Recommended,297130,22210154,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Jarl Ballin 69,Top kek
76561198156079216,Recommended,297130,22894189,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,TheWildCard,"I bought this game only a couple of days ago and I can safley say that it is an amazing game. The music, the artwork and the time that has been put into this game is definetly shown.to all players that want to have more of a blood pumping game that will definetly make you want to keep playing more of it, this is the game that will do it.I love this game and cant wait for the developers to produce something else like this in time to come."
,Recommended,297130,23151053,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Mashedwaffle,"Few games can claim to be as frustratingly satisfying as Titan Souls. It's basically just a serious of tough boss fights but the execution is brilliant.  Each boss has its own room and you must activate it by shooting it with your one arrow. It's always immediately apparent where you have to shoot to defeat the challenge but the brillience comes from the difficulty in lining up that shot. Because you only have one arrow, there is this strange, frantic panic that comes when you miss that shot and have to dodge around more attacks. Theres an interesting relationship between the game and the player where no matter how many times you die, you never feel discouraged. It's like if Shadow of the Collossus and Dark Souls had a baby and the original Legend Of Zelda was the cooky uncle that showed the kid how the world works. I love this game. It's beautiful and haunting and genuinely challenging. I can't state how great it feels to finally land that shot, killing your adversary. It's a thrill that only this game can offer. Definitely pick this up if you want a challenge. Oh, and when the game says ""gamepad strongly recommended"" take that advice to heart. The keyboard is hard, though not impossible."
,Recommended,297130,23269784,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Gear_Lock | JhoJho,"""Should I play Titan Souls?""The answer to that question is somewhat difficult to answer--especially for those who stumble across the vast wasteland of negative reviews and harsh criticism towards a somewhat ""difficult"", but somewhat ""fair"" gameplay experience. Many who have tried the game have either left it feeling accomplished or completely swindled by its' playstyle, etc.Let me start with this: the game is indeed, quote on quote, ""hard"", but at the same time I find it very ""fair""Let's begin with why...If the Souls title alone didn't throw you off, this game is not meant for casual players or for people who will rage quickly. If the game alone doesn't dissuade you the sheer amount of dying will. You will die. A lot. Just like with FromSoftware's Souls games, there is a LOT of pattern memorization and simple tricks to beat the bosses before you. How to figure them out and pinpoint WHAT to do exactly is where I think most people drop the game and complainThe game itself has a very punishing reward system. ""One hit, one kill"". That's itSounds simple enough on paper, but in execution, it is notoriously challenging to master--especially if you are aiming to 100% this game. With your only weapon, you are also given that punishing ""one hit, one kill"" system, yet instead of it being one shot only and only one shot...you are given multiple attempts to retrive your only arrow. Whether it be by summoning it back to you hand with the press of a button, or chaoticallyu dodging your way through attack to pick it up is where the game shines and fails, but only for how the weapon is optimizedAs we go farther down this list of bosses, you find that each and every one of them has something similar, yet different. Say for example the slime giant. With multiple shots, you can  easily split the mighty foe into smalled pieces...but at that same time, you are increasing the difficulty of killing the host body. With every boss you encounter, each comes with their own set pattern and level of getting past that said pattern.It took me almost 20 deaths for the final boss on the FIRST plane, (since at this time I am believing there to be multiple planes), because a pattern that was so simple to figure out was being poorly executed by my constant mistakes. Did the boss have some cheap moments? Yes--but a lot of the problems being set forth were from me either rushing in blind and not paying to my enemy. That's thing the makes this game actually ""fair"". It's how well you pay attention to said patternsFrom here on out, it's a matter of whether or not the repeated deaths and patterns memorizations are going to affect how you will approach this title. If you go in simply because of what everyone says, you're not giving the game a fair chance. If you approach it from a different angle and at least attempt your way through--despite the deaths; despite it quote ""unfair spikes""--you'll generally have a fun experienceThe game heavily borrows assets from not only the Souls games, but from things like Zelda and surprisingly enough Shadow of the Collosus. Essentially if those three games mixed, this would be their end resultSo back to the question at hand. ""Should I play Titan Souls?""Yes. And if you don't complete it, then at least you gave the game a fair chance despite it's unfar moments"
,Recommended,297130,23663255,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,F̖͕̙̗̭̠̦͡a̸͇̳̞̮̙g,"A challenge.I love playing this game, it has an awesome soundrack and fights.it's very hard though.♥♥♥♥ that legendary titan slayer dude though.clever puzzles though.though ♥♥♥♥ that yeti too though.in summary it's rage inducing, impossible without a controller, and can make you want to die.but it's fun and cool as hell.buyitnerd"
,Recommended,297130,32789392,Posted: 25 June,all,Sathalom,"This game, although quite short and simple on the surface is very fun. It's basically a series of boss fights most of which are very well designed and will prove quite a challenge. This game might not be for you if you are quick to anger but otherwise it's a lot of fun."
,Recommended,297130,21627814,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,darkseed,"Very hard game with the keyboard. Great game! It has an atmosphere of epicness and just over all interesting to play. Regarding the difficulty, it is hard but beatable. I am proud to say I beat this game with just the arrow keys and X and C. Would recommend."
76561198067312788,Recommended,297130,21878536,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,slapmasterjack,"This game is bautiful. However, it is difficult. And by difficult, I mean you will become frustrated, no matter how much a fan of difficult games you are. While I give this game a ""Yes"" recommendation, it's games like this that make me with there was a neutral recommendation to offer, between Yes and No.Looking and feeling similar to a 2D Shadow of the Collossus, the game pits you and your unnamed hero against a bunch of boss battles in an atmospheric, ancient environment. You get a single arrow, which you can call back to you after you fire it.That's about it. You take that arrow and try to kill a number of unforgiving bosses. The formula is mostly the same for all of them: find their likely weak point, and try to put the pointy part of your arrow into it. Some bosses deviate from this pattern, but not often. The enjoyment taken from trying to figure out how to kill the boss is turned quickly into frustration as you spend more time trying to avoid being squished, burned, decapitated, frozen, gutted, blown up, melted, incinerated, eviscerated, or turned into a red mist then you do trying to hit them. Unlike similar games, you have little opportunity to learn any form of pattern the bosses follow and determine how to defeat them; dying several times within 10 seconds of the start of the battle will have to be expected.I suppose the hellish jog back to the boss room from a save point after each fight gives you enough time to contemplate what you could have done differently. Usually, unfortunately, the answer will be ""not a hell of a lot"".The game is both brutal and beautiful. But if you're lacking in patience, stay clear.Best recommendation? Pick the game up on sale. I commend the creators for what would be an otherwise perfect game in all regards, except for how absolutely unforgiving it is, and how long it takes for you to try again after you (inevitably) (repeatedly) fail."
76561197962214491,Recommended,297130,21948648,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Pope Beefius XVI,"This game is a lot of fun, you die in 1 hit, but bosses also die in 1 hit, when you die you pretty much spawn next to where the bosses are at. The people complaining about the game being hard and all that, are just a bunch of noobs. Get this game if you're into 8 bit games, it's very enjoyable."
76561198083841185,Recommended,297130,21954574,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Mythica,"Took me 4 hours to beat every boss :/ , i was encouraged to purchase this game based on everyone elses reviews reporting it to be difficult, it was not the case however the boss fights are very beautiful and i enjoyed figuring out how to kill them, :)  over all i give this game a 7, id probably have rated a 10 if the game was as hard as everyone said."
76561198154433067,Recommended,297130,21974849,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,WyvernMaster,"The game is well made. Each titan presents a challenge on your first run through the game, and even on my third playthrough i had some trouble with a few of the titans. The most difficult Titan to beat by far is the one called Soul. The pixelated sytle of the game and the beautiful music make this a beautiful and atmosphereic game. Alot of concerns people has is that the game is ""too easy."" While each Titan has a singular weak spot where they can be killed, they are very, very good at kiling you before you can kill them. Even after that, there is hard mode, a mode where you cannot role, and a mode where you have only one life. These aspects make the ame so much harder. Honestly, this is one of my favorite games that I've played this year."
76561198056509344,Recommended,297130,22096751,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Diego de la Vega,REALLY good game. You only have to beat bosses.
,Recommended,297130,22137394,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Citizen Kabutops,PLAY THIS♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,297130,22866100,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,ForFunnyPlay,"Very nice game, kinda short for it initial price and the normal mode, but with other mode and this price (5€) it's reall a game that we can't miss.Actually, since it's presented by Delvolver I compare it to his ""brother"" Hotline Miami/2 (that is my favorite game). And in a completely different style I'm once again stonish by the artisitc direction and the music.Maybe an option that can separate run/dodge or attribute another button to run will be welcomed."
,Recommended,297130,22912687,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,[MLords]Shkax,As awesome as it is difficult
76561198065804021,Recommended,297130,23004839,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Captain Kirk,"Even though some of the aspects of the game could use polishing, this is an amazing game that deserved a play if you like beautiful games or incredibly challenging games.Probably one of the hardest games I have ever played.Interesting game mechanic.Beautiful pixel graphics.Amazing soundtrack.A truly inspiring play even though my k/d is 20/444. My only complaint is that you cant remap the controls, and those without a gamepad(like me) are truly at a disadvantage.I find that many people are complaining about the ""walking simulator"" like gameplay. I would say for me the large amounts of walking that you do have to do in the game give you time to appreciate the world, lore, and contemplate the story behind the game. Do I think that if you respawned at the boss battle the game would be improved? For some people, maybe. I found that making me walk from the checkpoint to the room every death made killing the boss even more satisfying. Without that, you dont get any perks, no dialogue, only a short cutscene. I found that the sense of accomlishment was enough to lead me through this game."
76561198127662351,Recommended,297130,21808186,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Noice,good game worth the money
76561198019576097,Recommended,297130,21984694,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,FullMetal,"Amazing Top down Shadows of the Colossus.It's not difficult as some may claim (normal mode), it's just fair. You'll die with 1 hit, and the bosses too...Iron mode and No roll mode are nearly impossible, but still fun to try.Sadly the game is too short (just wait for a good sale)"
76561198062679452,Recommended,297130,22010612,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Keasey,"Awesome pixel art, crazy challenge, great music; get it, but don't get the deluxe stuff, it may not actually be there once you buy it, mine wasn't.."
76561198134315199,Recommended,297130,22015178,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,epikpie,i died a lot
76561198062801935,Recommended,297130,22019654,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,DaLuckyNoob,"A boss run like no other.Very hard, don't despair, die and try.Love the graphics, love the music, beat the game !"
76561198219199579,Recommended,297130,22286129,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Mufty,"I was initially reluctant to purchase Titan Souls based on the number of negative reviews about having to walk back to the bosses; however, ultimately swayed by the look of the graphics and gameplay, I purchased it anyway. I'm glad to say this was the right decision.Despite the game's simple controls, every single boss manages to add something new, each one with a distinctively different feel. Despite the difficulty of the game and the number of commentators who seem to believe otherwise, 'cheap kills' are few and far between. Each boss has a very much readable pattern, and mixed with the game's well-built control system, if you die you know it's your fault. Sure, you may (probably) will die the first one or two times as you try and work out the boss's pattern, but then you jump back in and you do better. This system promotes natural, fluid grinding and player growth and it isexactlyhow a game like this should be. One major point, uncommon in most 'hard' games, is that the bosses, much like yourself, all die in one hit. To kill them takes less than thirty seconds or a minute each, and this removes a lot of the false difficulty inherent in long boss fights without checkpoints in favour of a honing of skills, and a puzzle-like search of the correct method of victory. Playing back through the game now to get the boss-specific achievements, it is immediately noticeable how much easier every single boss is, and that is a very good sign of the prevalence of skill over luck in the fights.On top of this exceptional combat, the art, music (every single boss has their own, characteristic theme!) and overall mysterious and exciting theme of discovery in the hub world, this game is an utter joy to experience. And, as someone who likes partially concealed stories (see Braid, Fez, etc.), the odd hints scattered throughout the game towards a greater story, and the speculations and theories surrounding them, are very enjoyable to chase after.If it were just for the battles and the walking, this game would be close to perfect, however the gripes about the respawning are not misplaced. Especially when you're getting the grips of each boss, or fighting one like the Knight Titan with an extended introduction, the time wasted on getting back to the boss is a real, unavoidable downside. There is an argument to be made for the extra pressure added by this or perhaps a plot-relevant concept of travel or punishment or some such, but there comes a point when thegameplayof a game must be considered the most important thing. I will say, while I hate to admit it, there was one benefit in walking back to the bosses in that through the calming music and the cathartic mashing of the 'roll to go faster button', the stress of dying was actually somewhat relieved. Perhaps Ididfind more enjoyment beating the bosses this way than I would otherwise, but I can't really say one way or another. The one thing in my mind that is truly, absolutely unnecessary and which it seems most people are forgetting is the respawning itself. The dull six seconds of fading out, fading in and getting up. At least when I am walking I am listening to music and pressing buttons: I am playing. When I am respawning, I am just bored. At this point it is not a game.All in all, if you like challenging or explorative games, I would suggest trying Titan Souls. While I do not believe it is a plus point, I feel the respawn system is not enough to ruin an otherwise very well-designed game. What really stands out is the addictive gameplay, engagingplot, and captivating soundtrack.Gameplay: 8/10Sound: 7/10Art: 7/10Story: 8/10Overall: 7.5/10"
76561198151357770,Recommended,297130,23083339,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,PatchBlue,You'll rarely see a game as good looking as this one. It's easy to see the creaters of titan souls got their inspiration from shadow of the colloses. Titan souls is beautiful and calming with hard bossfights. I would recommend this game to anyone who likes getting sucked into games and is up for a challenge.
,Recommended,297130,22077624,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,AkuaDynasty,"The game is pretty good. It if both difficult and physically aesthetic. Not for everybody, if your not fond of games that could be labled as a ""Rage Game"", but the game can very pretty fun with gameplay that you don't see to often. Very nice"
,Recommended,297130,22297929,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Buck the WonderSlave,Not everything is good. Pacing is terrible. Open world is pointless. Map goes amiss. Incredibly difficult but incredibly rewarding.
,Recommended,297130,22828618,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,kimi,It's like Dark Souls and Shadow of the Collossus had a baby...
76561198302644863,Recommended,297130,22952536,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Phlurmp,"This game is one of the greatest games on Steam right now. Beautiful pixel art graphics, amazing soundtrack and stunning enemies, each unique in their own way.There is also a bit of replayability. After beating the game the first time around, you can play again in different modes, making the game harder, as well as there being quite a few achievments up for grabs. Not only that, but beating the game allows you to translate all the glyphs, which just about everything in this game is written in.This game is quite hard though, and playing without a gamepad makes it even harder. The game is not very long, and it took me around 6 hours to complete, but can be completed in under 20 minutes. There are also a few visual problems as sometimes it seems the boss warps into the sides of the walls.But in the end, no matter how furious you get at each boss, there is no better feeling then finishing them off with a clean shot. With the beautiful world, holding secrets and strange puzzles, this game becomes all the more emersive. Despite all its cons, the pros greatly diminsh them, making this game a wonderful masterpiece.9.5/10"
76561198092625250,Recommended,297130,23024014,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,zackeroniandcheese,Extremely fun. Lot's of stratagy to figure out mechanics. A nice breath of fresh air reminding me of shadow of the colossus.
76561197963567753,Recommended,297130,23039898,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,osaka,Awesome boss fighting game. Practically non existent story.
,Recommended,297130,23058024,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Alfyne,"I personally adore this game. It has a great retro feel but not like pac-man different. Titan Souls' world is enormous and emersive. Even though there is no dialog you still feel that there is a purpose, a plot. What is so genius about this is that it allows the player to create there own fantasy as to why you are in game. I strongly suggest this game to gamers that love zelda, dark souls, fire emblem. 10/10"
,Recommended,297130,23299419,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,...,"It's got difficulty, smart AI's, and unique combat system. What's not to love?"
,Recommended,297130,32795961,Posted: 25 June,all,Big Ounce,Dark Souls gives you options for different weapons and play styles.......This does not......Really recommend it though if you like difficult games
,Recommended,297130,34875419,Posted: 10 September,all,TacoLord424,Hard but very beautiful.
,Recommended,297130,24921910,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Jetti,Dark Souls 2D
76561198063121518,Recommended,297130,33728455,Posted: 22 July,all,Salty Turret,"It's genuinely very hard. I like how it tests your abilities, definitely get a controller for this one. The are style is pretty good too. I talk to myself a lot while playing this. Don't let dying a lot frustrate you, take it on the chin, laugh about it and get back in."
,Recommended,297130,33763944,Posted: 24 July,all,Exatron ٩( ᐛ )و,Live. Walk up stairs. Die. Repeat.
,Recommended,297130,33691092,Posted: 21 July,all,TheSlimeLord,"Definitely one of the best pixel-based games out there. If you are easily angered... LEAVE. The games requires alot of trial and error,   it might take hours just to kill a single boss. You could probably write a guide after you kill some of the bosses in the game. Each boss is unique and pretty fun. It is possible to kill most of the bosses in a few seconds if you are fast enough. This game will test your skill,mind and speed. If you are gonna try to get all of the achievements... GOOD LUCK M8. Some achievements are so hard they are practically impossible. The game has a amazing OST. Like seriously go listen to it.In Conclusion...Titan Souls is a great game with a amazing OST. Good luck, You'll need it."
,Recommended,297130,35242919,Posted: 27 September,all,✪ Spartan195,"Art is awesome, but  controls and player movement can sometimes F*** all up"
76561198038827783,Recommended,297130,16228382,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Niruth,"Considering Shadow of the Colossus is my favorite game of all time, Titan Souls definitely doesn't top that but it is similar in many ways, thus being a pretty nice game. Although the game is fairly short, I enjoyed the game even though I finished it in barely 3 hours.Pros:+ Great soundtrack.+ Good graphical style even though its pixel-based.+ General combat mechanic is pretty cool, almost every titan goes down with a single hit, but that goes for you as well.+ If you're struggling with a titan, you're not forced to beat it as you could just go somewhere else and start fighting another titan (Eventually you'll need to beat every titan in an area however, you can beat the titans in that area in any order you like).+ When you complete the game for the first time, you will unlock a couple of difficulty-increasing gamemodes, such as Hard mode, Iron mode (1 death = Permanent game over) and the No run/rolling mode.+ Some pretty hardcore achievements which definitely leaves a good challenge for those who wish to take them on.Cons:- Game is pretty short, therefore I think the game should of had at least 10 more titans to be worth the full price.- The world is pretty small. At first it will seem huge, but the closer you get to the end you will start realizing how small the world really is.- Not really much of a story to the game. For example, at the end of a fight when you beat a titan you absorb its soul, but this doesn't do anything at all."
,Recommended,297130,23777562,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Chudster,I just love dying 10/10
76561198039776881,Recommended,297130,16538507,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,FedeXXX,"Great game, simple, but very difficult.You fight only bosses, but each one has it's own pattern and way to kill it.One thing though, in general fights last less than 30 seconds once you realized the pattern.Don't expect long and complex fights like Shadow of the Colossus or something like that.Expect 2-3 hours to reach the end game, more if you want to replay in hard mode, iron man, etc.Can't recommend it full price, but must buy in a sale."
76561198004565666,Recommended,297130,16558893,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,brickey.8,"Do you like fighting bosses? Do you like exploration? Do you like actually having to think before you attack? Then you'll like this game.The game's focus is on bosses, and the bosses are very good. Each boss is well-designed and unique; a few of them are rehashes of concepts you've seen before in other games, but the majority feel fresh and new. Emphasis is always on dodging and manouvering and waiting for the right time to strike. In fact, every boss can be killed in one hit to their weak point, but might take dozens of tries before you figure out how to do it.That said, a few of the bosses require either ridiculously precise timing (like, less than a quarter of a second), and the final boss is entirely luck-based (the only ""strategies"" involve exploiting a weird quirk in his AI). The saving grace is that again, you only have to nail that timing once to kill the boss.Inbetween bosses you'll explore some beautiful scenery. Every area has unique sights to see and was created with intricate detail; they vary from ruins to forests to a volcano and a frozen mountain. Your character's footsteps even vary depending on the ground you're walking (or running) on. Checkpoints give you clues as to the number and direction of nearby bosses.There's also a phenomenal soundtrack, both in and out of battle; everry boss has its own song.The one thing that I consider bad is the keyboard control. Most of the game can be beaten just fine with a keyboard, but there's a few bosses where it's much, much harder than a gamepad due to not being able to fire in any direction. When a boss's weak point is open for less than a second after an attack, 8 directions doesn't cut it.Overall, I highly recomend this game to anyone who likes killing creative and unique bosses. Which is hopefully everybody."
,Recommended,297130,16361208,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Space Pharoah,"A Shadow of the Colossus esque game with a near Dark Soulsian style of storytelling, sign me right up.This game's pretty much about pure skill and using what few abilities you have to pull off the impossible. The one hit kills and one hit deaths make the game extremely tense at almost every battle, coming at it over and over, figuring out a way to win, it's an interesting learning curve but it can be intensely frustrating, especially towards the end. But that frustration is worth it in the end for that sheer sense of accomplishment.The environment design is excellent, it might be a bit big and walking back to bosses can get a bit frustrating, but the way it's set out, some neat background details that help tell parts of the story, it genuinely feels like you're walking around a long forgotten world. The tidbits of story you pick up, especially when replaying after unlocking a certain mode, create an interesting ""Fill in the gaps"" kind of deal that, as I mentioned, reminds me of Dark souls.Soundtrack is also excellent. I especially like how the boss music can start at two different places so it doesn't get too stale for the short time you get to enjoy it.Overall, it's an atmospheric experience of a game that, if you like boss battles, is a must have."
,Not Recommended,297130,30385427,Posted: 7 March,all,archdeco,Y'know how in hotline miami or other games with twitchy instakill gameplay there's a quick restart button that's instantaneous and keeps things moving?...Man Hotline Miami is a good game huh.
,Recommended,297130,16648102,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,ROFLSam,"2D Shadow of the Colossus, tight as hell and very fun."
,Recommended,297130,16634410,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Barwar,"Fantastic game. Really short, but worth it for it's beautiful visuals, great soundtrack, and epic fights."
,Recommended,297130,16687305,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Grenden,"Great boss design, very challenging, excellent graphics, unique gameplay. Short, but sweet."
,Recommended,297130,16688335,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Wostet,"Extremely hard at first, you die without realising it.But it's very challenging, the game is like a succession of really hard boss and each time you've got to study them and find their weak spot and the timing to strike it.It's hard but possible ! That's what I like with this game is despite the fact that each boss seems really hard, it's not impossible to beat them, you just have to try again and again.Then you get better so you can re-do the boss in far less death than before. And also if you want some real challenge you can try the achievments (some are insanely hard) or re-do the game in harder modes.It's really enjoyable to try beat a boss for one hour and then finally strike the final blow ! That's rewarding :)The music and graphics are also very good !"
76561198162040302,Recommended,297130,16688246,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Dish_Washington,"Possibly the most fun ive had playing a game in a long time. BE WARNED, if you get frustrated easily, this game is not for you. But if youre looking for a challenge, its worth the 15 bucks. You get ONE arrow (which you can call back to you) and ONE life (unlimited attempts) You HAVE to pay attention, luck has nothing to do with it. If you study the titans actions you'll beat it, after a few tattempts (I died over 700 times).  Overall, spectacular game, looks great, plays well using simple controlls (use gamepad). The ONE AND ONLY DOWNSIDE (in my opinion), its kinda short.10/10 would die over and over again."
,Recommended,297130,16844789,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Beeblesnout,"THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAMEThis game was truly something else. The fact that all the bosses can be killed in one hit and within a matter of seconds of the start of the battle, is really amazingly created and executed in this game. It gives a sense of fairness on a whole other level in the way of the bosses being as weak as you are (but in averyconditional way), then other games that just power you up an unrealistic and stupid way. I guarentee that this game will make you [strike♥♥♥♥♥♥♥hate[/strike] love the developers for making these bosses the way they are. The price is a bit much for what the game is but not by much, I can tell the devs spent a lot of time on this game and they should really be rewarded for their beautiful creation. I would gladly give this game a10adda10!"
76561197992229015,Not Recommended,297130,33951747,Posted: 1 August,all,Dire,"Alright, let's recap: Titan Souls wants to benefit from the ""souls mania"". It's an isometric 1 hit 1 kill boss shooter. There are several areas in the game that can be explored, but there is nothing to explore apart from finding the actual bosses to gather their souls. There are a total of 19 bosses I think. The gameplay could not be simpler. You have a dodge roll that serves as a sprint button when held down, and an attack button with which you shoot your arrow. Your one and only weapon. The longer you hold the button the farther it flies. When you don't have your arrow, holding the button pulls it back towards you (necessary for defeating at least 1 boss even).The bosses themselves aren't terribly designed, they're even fun, but the game is at times too unforgiving and doesn't tell you well enough how you died at times. Couple that with a system that takes 1 shot 1 kill to the extreme and there is way more frustration here than I ever had in any of the Souls games. The game suggests a controller and since I had one plugged in I can't even remember if there is an option not to use one. THAT would make aiming at least somewhat possible. With the controller it's not very precise to be honest, if you only have 1 shot and you have to hit the weak spot on a constantly moving and attacking enemy (at most you have like half a second after an attack to hit that weak point). And you die in 1 hit...as do the bosses. When you do kill one you feel incredible happiness for a short while, but not necessarily because you know you've achieved something, but rather you pat yourself on the shoulder for surviving long enough to take the lucky shot. Shoot just an inch to the side and you're screwed.But even after criticizing the game's gameplay so much, I still managed to beat it in about 3-4 hours. For a 15 dollar title with minimalist graphics AND gameplay that's not all that great imho. Everybody values money differently, but mine is precious to me, so I noped out at the final (hidden) boss, because restarting a 3-stage fight from stage 1 every time and waiting for the weak point to appear is more pain than I can handle. Give it a go if you like really hard boss fights and nothing more...and when it's on sale."
,Recommended,297130,16542453,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Asoka,Short and amazing. Doesn't overstate its welcome. Really pretty. Use a gamepad.
76561197980186686,Recommended,297130,16572710,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,TrueChicken,"Awesome game.Almost all titans are awesome to defeat.Some toughts:Some bosses are specially easy to defeat on normal mode but made a good battle on hard mode, those being the mushroom and the teeth ice guy.The last boss (yourself) is not fun at all. Its way too small and you have just to random guess where he will be. Not fun. Really sad.The water dragon serpend guy also happens to be way too easy on hard mode, you have a chance to hit him RIGHT in the beginning.The ""truth"" ability isnt much, is it ? I mean, it just translates the boss names, but it would be better if the bosses said things to explain the story better, but only with the ""truth"" ability you would be able to read it.I saw some people complain about having to hit a spot way too specific, like on the yeti. I feel that sometimes i hit it too but it just didnt count. You know what could solve de issue ? A optional replay of the last shot you dealt, playable after you die, so you see how far you hit where you wanted.A replay would help as well for you to know if you hit where you want but that wasnt the solution to the boss. So the people woldn't be confused if they just missed the spot or the titan is killed by doing something else."
,Recommended,297130,16533353,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,reopucino,"Time to review.. I love this idea game when in Ludum dare.. Now this game it's comeback with more titan and polish game, and with good music.This game came up with good pixel art, music and polish evironmentnote :This game it's extreme hard but you can finish this game if you know that point. You just be patient and levelup you skill. 1.1 hours kill 5 titan, I think that's not bad for me"
76561198213666149,Not Recommended,297130,30364717,Posted: 6 March,all,mudragreas,"A nice game for those who like ridiculously difficult games. I don't. I've already spent all my patience reserves with games like this, back in the 90s. The only comforting thing is that dying doesn't cost you too much, just a minute's walk. But you'll die a lot, and in most bosses you will have no clue of what to do, and a very small time-window to figure it out. ( unless you consort to youtube videos, but, then again, what's the point, if not figuring it out for yourself? )However, I somehow like the idea of fighting just bosses, no minions. Then, there's that surprisingly good soundtrack. Kept me playing for a little more than my nerves could handle.Had the price been a little more reasonable, which is, around 1/10 of the current one, I would have given it thumbs up.Buy it on a discount for the music, and, who knows, you might like the game as well."
,Recommended,297130,16641381,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Rockit Leg,I love the bossesI love the pixel artI love the game's conceptI just hate walking around
76561198129548135,Recommended,297130,16767494,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,SenpaiDoesn'tNotice,"Everyone who disliked this game has expectation issues. The second I watched the trailer I knew exactly what I was getting myself into. Great game, could have more bosses, but I'm totally satisfied.You'll feel hella boss when you beat a titan."
76561198045807635,Recommended,297130,16818808,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Owlmanandy,"Imagine ""Shadow of the Colossus"" and ""LoZ: Link to the Past"" had a baby.  This is the game you would get.Well, that was the idea, anyway.Don't get me wrong, I really enjoyed this game.  It was one of the few games I bought for full price and one of the fewer still that I have spent enough time on to beat.  And I enjoyed it almost every step of the way.  Almost.Pros:  The graphics are fantastic, the gameplay is solid, the music and sounds and enjoyable, and the titans are full of variety and often have heart-pounding battles.  There's a fair amount of content and replayability, too (Although anyone who manages to beat the Iron Man mode is either a masochist or Lord Gaben himself).Cons: It can get rather repetitive, and as the case may be, having to run to find the titan's lair and wait through loading screens every time you die can become too much of a hassle.  Also, although the titans are varied, 80% of them are just ""roll and shoot until you hit the weak point.""  The ones that didn't follow that pattern exactly were incredibly enjoyable and rewarding, and I wish there were more like.  I also wish there were more titans, honestly.  I don't entirely know if the game is worth it's $15 price tag, in all honesty, despite how much I enjoyed it.  One of my main problems was that, despite how large the world is, there isn't really much to do.  If you find every titan, from what I understand, there are no other secrets.  There are no monsters in between titans.  Just a lot of running and empty space.  Also, I do wish there was some sort of character progression.  I know that's the exact opposite of what the game is about, but hey, I like character progression.So, all in all, it's a fun game for a few hours, and while I don't think I'd play it again (maybe in a couple of months I'll change my mind), I did enjoy the time I spent with it.  Maybe I would have enjoyed it more if I had bought it on sale.TL;DR: TITANS ARE MY TRIGGER."
,Not Recommended,297130,24246163,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Rose,"It's a really short game that starts off with pretty good bosses and then evolves into bosses that are more luck based than skill based. I beat it in 4 hours. Idk how much I bought this game for but I know for a fact it wasn't 4 dollars which is the most i'd recommend anyone pay for this game.Overall it really isn't a bad game but I have to rate it down for it being overpriced, not having any content, progression is done wrong, etc."
,Recommended,297130,23941475,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Saucy,"This game is easy, the bosses take one hit..."
,Recommended,297130,35104074,Posted: 21 September,all,Kyu Isabella Tennant,"Recently, I've been seeing a lot of reviews that are saying the game functions poorly and is too difficult. On the topic of the game not functioning properly, it's always one of two things. Either the player doesn't play well and feels a need for an excuse or the game legitimately malfunctions. You'll find both of these to be true with any game, not just this one. Games bug out. It happens. When it happens repeatedly, submit a bug report, email the company, talk to Customer Support if you're brave enough, but unless the game is something as dysfunctional as Journey of the Light or Soda Drinker Pro, don't go leaving poor reviews and hating on the developers because you found a bug or a glitch. Now, on to the next topic. Difficulty. YES, this is a difficult game. There's not really a counter argument to that other than that's the way it was designed. It's intended to be difficult, and executed quite well. Would I recommend this game to a friend? Depends on the friend. Not everyone enjoys David and Goliath style games, clearly."
,Recommended,297130,17605475,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,yourstruly,sotc respawned as an indie.instantly became my new addiction.
,Not Recommended,297130,19557696,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Zesty,I'd give it a neutral rating if I could. The atmosphere and boss fights are great but there really shouldn't be any reason to deal with checkpoints and running back to the bosses after failed attempts. That's needless tedium that could be replaced with being respawned right before the encounter. We really should be past annoying punishments like this in games that are played for fun.
76561197993576902,Not Recommended,297130,16555751,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Ninjin,"The devs of this game clearly played Shadow of the Colossus and Dark Souls, but don't understand what makes those games good in any way. This game is frustrating, unresponsive, and surprisingly lifeless."
,Not Recommended,297130,16512445,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Water Face,Incomplete Keyboard + Mouse controls: Do not support this game
10110100110101010,Not Recommended,297130,16541789,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Sandman,Don't buy this unless it's 50% off or else you'll be wasting your money.
,Recommended,297130,20048002,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Gabsugoku,Good game
76561198045007006,Not Recommended,297130,16522334,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Fehs,"I cannot recommend this game.It is a good looking game, most of the bosses look very cool and the music is great.However, you hardly get to listen to the music because a boss fight usually lasts 5 - 15 seconds.The difficulty is another thing that has annoyed me about it. I'm close to the end, maybe 1 or 2 bosses left and I have not enjoyed it. At first I thought that it was just one of those games you go in figure the bosses weakness then try again and again to get it right, which it is. However, when you die you respawn, nothing else happens, therefore dying doesn't have a consequence. You die, you respawn, you walk, you fight, you die. That is the game.For the price, it's not worth it at all, if you are a completionist then you might replay it, but you get maybe 3 - 5 hours out of it and that's you done.So far I have gotten no reward for killing the bosses. All you do it kill one, then go kill the next untill you have killed them all.I feel that I am playing this game just to complete it, get it out of the way then uninstall it.Though many many people enjoyed the game, I didn't, I don't see the point in it.This is just my opinion, please don't kill me."
,Not Recommended,297130,16522699,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Kyar,"This game is kind of below average. The gameplay gets frustrating, the hit boxes are pretty awful and it's rather short. On the plus side it has decent graphics and a solid soundtrack but it's not worth the money. Doesn't help that the developers kind of a prat too."
,Recommended,297130,19061764,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Zaphite,"Titan Souls is an enjoyable, albeit short game with a nice pixel art style and good music that suits the game very well. The gameplay is very similar to Shadow of the Colossus in that the only enemies you fight are boss like creatures that require you to find their weak spot and hit it with your arrow. Although you only need to hit their weak spot once, you also die in one hit, which is where most of the games difficulty comes from.The Good:As mentioned above, the art style is good and adds a nice atmosphere to the game with a great soundtrack that goes along with it, that includes peaceful music while exploring and looking for the bosses, and switches to a faster pace and more intense piece when fighting a boss. The controls feel fluid while running around and fighting, and only having one arrow to work with makes you have to plan when and how to use each shot. Since your arrow is also ""soul linked"" to you, it is possible to attract the arrow back to you after you shoot it, adding another element of strategy as you can hit the bosses by doing so. Each boss is unique and finding each of their weak spots is part of the challenge that makes fighting a new boss even more enjoyable. Managing to finally figure out how to defeat a boss and landing the precise shot to kill it is a very satifying experience. The difficulty of the game remains challenging but never becomes overly hard, and includes 3 new modes after you complete the story that increase the difficulty if you want more of a challenge.The Bad:Alhtough the environments look nice, the overworld in the game is very empty, and the lack of a map can end up in you getting lost, but it isn't too difficult to find your way back. Although the controls feel fine, a gamepad is basically essential as there is no mouse aiming and only being able to aim in 8 directions with a keyboard severley increases the difficulty of the game, and in my opinion makes it almost unplayable. The biggest complaint I have with this game is that it is too short, being a $15 dollar game it took me only about 3 hours to complete the story. There is some replay value with the 3 new modes after you beat the story, but they still use the same bosses, which means you already know how to beat them.If possible, I would recommend buying this in a sale if you want more value for your money, but overall I would say the fun boss fights combined with the appealing art and music outweigh the short length of the game. Each fight is epic in it's own way, making you use your wits to figure out how to find its weak spot, and your skill to land the perfect shot."
,Recommended,297130,18792650,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Th33b,"Man I thought that Dark Souls was difficult!Don't let the retro graphics that classic ""Zelda"" look fools you. This little gem is hellish. Only buy if you're looking for a challenge.8/10."
,Recommended,297130,18826901,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Cuphead,amazing game!
76561198004668573,Not Recommended,297130,19688447,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Argus,"A lot of other people have said it, and I'm just gonna add to the chorus.  Time between iterations is too damn high.  I get that the game wants to be atmospheric, but when you die, (and you will die often), it takes a long time to get back into the action.The game actually kind of reminds me of football in that way.  Lots of screen time, almost no play.When you die, the camera watches your corpse get mangled for about five seconds.  Then, it fades to black for five seconds.  Then when it loads, you have to wait five seconds for it to let you move.  Then you have to walk all the way back to whatever boss you were on, which can take five seconds, if you were on the first boss, to something more like a minute for later ones.  Oh, and dodge rolling into stairs or walls stuns you for a long time.  That part I kinda get; it teaches you not to do it in level.  But it's still kinda frustrating that there's no easy way back.  All those little loading times add up, and I was spending more time between fights than actually in them.Just... look; all game devs, ever: look at Super Meat Boy.  See how it takes less than a second to get back into the fun part of the game?  Let us do that.  Don't bog us down with the frustrating or empty bits.  This is the same problem with prequels to movies (if the movie was the most interesting part in the character's life, why would we want to see something less interesting?)  If the gameplay is the fun part, why would we want to have to play the not-fun part over and over?"
76561198254721507,Not Recommended,297130,26696624,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,ezoe,"If you use 2560x1440 display, this game renders to about 3/4 of region located at bottom-left corner of the display.Which lose the desire to continue playing this game for me.I compled myself to keep playing.Your weapon is bow and a single arrow.if you shoot the only single arrow you have, the arrow stays on the ground.You can pull it back for another shot.An interesting gimmick and it probably able to solve puzzles but It just annoying and waste of time.Also, player die in one single collision with the enemy.If you die, you must start all over again from the nearest respawn point.It's boring and annoying so I decided it's not worth my time for.I regret buying this game.Don't buy it."
76561198164643413,Recommended,297130,32838221,Posted: 26 June,all,sp00kman,Very entertaing Legend of Zelda/Shadow of the Colossus-like game that I can play after a long day of school to let all the stress out. Love the simplicity and nostalgic aesthetics of the game. 8.5/10
,Recommended,297130,19861443,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Noct,You only have one shot.............You're probably going to missAlso16Kills275Deaths
,Recommended,297130,21853251,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,csteere,"This game is cool, I can't beat any of the battles though, still worth it."
76561198177826065,Not Recommended,297130,19896084,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,kDudez,This game reminds me of my life.... Always Failing
76561198083405537,Recommended,297130,19919200,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Mikolo771,♥♥♥♥ing amazing game
76561197970083635,Not Recommended,297130,22879040,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,SciBoy,"Blargh! No intro. No one to talk to. No one to attach to (am I supposed to sympathised with no-names unknown plight?).I don't know what's going on and I don't care. Traditionally what Indie-games have done differently than triple-A is use story, music and art to engross the player. Sound is nice enough, graphics is OK (although the whole 8-bit thing is getting so effing old) but the story.What story?Difficulty level is way too high. Let the player get accustomed to the controller, why don't you?I give up, and I only just defeated boss 1. Sorry, but you didn't get me interested in solving this.Can I get my money back? :-P"
76561198051425125,Recommended,297130,17523855,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Sckolar,6 kills 70 deaths
,Not Recommended,297130,23282585,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Coops,"Frustrating difficult, and that's not a bad thing. But i'm not a big fan of having to walk all the way back to the boss room every time i die. And believe me, you will die. A LOT. 85% of this game will be more or less walking from the starting point to the boss room.Not to mention this games♥♥♥♥♥♥poor PC control scheme. Do not get unless u have a controller. Upon startup the game even tells you that it's best experienced with one. But that's the devs way of saying, ""We were too lazy to optimize the game for PC.""Wouldn't reccomend."
,Not Recommended,297130,24743009,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,x4121,"This is just stupid. If you make a gamepad-only game, say that you need a gamepad (this is still a computer, not a console). Otherwise, make it possible to aim with a mouse."
76561198072969799,Not Recommended,297130,23969937,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Kuma & Neko,"So the minimalistic indie style art in this game is very nice, there are some pretty good ideas for some of the boss fights and they would surely have some potential in the hands of a more experienced developer but here the execution was poor. The whole idea of one-hitting makes the fights unsatysfying to play through. It is very easy to cross the line between a well designed hard boss and an annoying one, and in this game it happened a lot. And a lot of other minor downsides like not being able to zoom out and see the whole arena, some annoying RNG factors, the sound effects not representing well what is actually happening in game and some graphic bugs as well come down to a very poor experience playing the game. No matter if you are good enough to beat the bosses or not the game will probably not be any fun at all."
76561198053162232,Recommended,297130,18268646,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Capt. Haddock,"Makes Dark Souls feel like a god damn cake walk. You will die. A LOT. However the death is nearly as punishing nor as frustrating as it is in Dark Souls. The musical score is fantastic and the levels are beautiful. All in all a wonderful game,"
,Recommended,297130,18491628,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Banter,Very Difficult game but alot of fun if you like a challenge.  Controls are awful for mouse and keyboard but the game make you think and is very exacting and fair.Check out my playthru of it for a taste of what it is like:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4YKN0jdHuM4
76561198122522709,Recommended,297130,20052822,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,lil' bitz,"Want to re feel the Dark Souls ""Death"" experience? And your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ed, all the time? ;)Yes?Then i highly recommend you to buy this game xD"
,Recommended,297130,21566950,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,parkjose,It's like Shaddow of the Colossus on the SNES - lovely soundtrack to boot.
,Recommended,297130,18187331,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Wild Matsu (無法松),"This game is pretty good. It's basically a 2D Shadow of the Colossus. There are no enemies except bosses. Each boss dies in one hit, and you also die in one hit. This makes the game a little frustrating and random; you can die dozens of times, but as long as you land that one lucky hit, you win. To balance this, most of the bosses are extremely difficult, so that it usually will take many tries.Usually, it is a puzzle to figure out how to beat the bosses; their weak point is not clear. Sometimes you have to wait for the boss to expose their weak point, or lure them into exposing it, or attack them in order to expose it. Usually, even when you solve this puzzle, you have a short window in order to attack a tiny hitbox, so it may still take multiple tries. The bosses attack swiftly and without warning, so you will have to try multiple times in order to learn their patterns.BTW, you can hold down the roll button to run. This is ""explained"" using heiroglyphics early in the game, and the game doesn't actually make you do it to proceed, so I missed this and had to deal with the agonizingly slow pace of repeated rolling for the vast majority of the game. Don't do that."
,Recommended,297130,18242811,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,RAIZO,"A young boy-child, a bow, an arrow and a quest to rid a mystical world of titans. This game is like what many have said before, a 2-D version of Shadow of the Colossus. The premise is as simple as you may have guessed from what I already said – you play the role of a boy that goes on a quest with his trusty bow and arrow to rid the world of titans and claim their souls.And to reiterate some more, there truly is no plural ‘s’ that can be applied to ‘arrow’ – it really is just one arrow that you have to use against the titans. Oh, and you die if you get hit once. The catch is that many of the titans die with a single hit as well, and those that initially don’t die with a single hit will eventually do just that once you reveal their sweet spot after your initial hit(s) reveal said sweet spot. Though missing your shot is troubling, the cool thing is that you’re able to ‘suck’ back your arrow without having to go and retrieve it, assuming there are no obstructions in the way.Truly a short (yeah, sadly it is very short), fun and engrossing game that you’ll want to play multiple times, especially with the added bonus of challenges that can be applied to the gameplay, like a hard mode and a no run/no roll mode, etc. once you’ve completed it for the first time.My only gripe is not so much the length but the 16-bit retro beauty of this game – it totally makes me want to boot up Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past or a similar game (a game should make you only want to play it, rather than another game). If only the devs could have designed this game more along those lines, with actual adventure, puzzle solving and dungeon-plundering mechanics, Titan Souls couldhave been truly spectacular. But still, it is very fun and shouldn’t be passed up, though you may want to hold out for a sale."
,Recommended,297130,20095045,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Juan,gud game r8 8/8 m8
76561197969427154,Recommended,297130,20435204,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,вıɢ воѕѕ,"It's a beautiful game and it's very challengingbut the price tag is fake, even on sales!I bought this game on winter sale and it cost me  5,99€, a new controller, keyboard, a monitor, a hole in the wall, a broken hand, a human life.Pro Tip:If you see someone on your friendlist playing this game, you should avoid any contact while he/she is playing and at least 2 hours after."
,Recommended,297130,20450919,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,➹ CreaMy,"I haven't played much of this, but I love it.The game looks amazing.The bosses are hard but beatable, although you will die alot."
,Recommended,297130,20653873,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Koya Dusk,"This game is epic, beautiful, fun, and a new perspective. Play it.Quit being afraid of hard games. Seriously.It has solid 16 bit graphics, a good soundtrack, incredibly hard bosses that require creativity, skill and style to beat, and it has a ton of replay value."
76561198209267949,Recommended,297130,20018360,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,TheChileanDefense,WOW I LIKE PLAY PLZ
76561198057525755,Recommended,297130,17589615,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,11254man,"Titan Souls is an interesting and well polished game, but with a few undeniable issues.Gameplay~The gameplay of Titan Souls is rather simple.  You have one arrow, and have to lodge said arrow in the weakpoint of the games bosses.  This is made harder by the fact that every boss can insta-kill you with all its attacks (Save for the Yeti and Thunder-Garydos.)  The boss also goes down in one hit to the weak point though, so combat is kept relatively fair.  The comparison I keep finding myself drawing is 2d ""Shadow of the Colossus"".  To top it off, the hub world itself is a lot of fun to traverse, and the bosses all feel very distinct from each other mechanic wise.  There's really only one major problem, though I'll be adressing it later.Story~While not told to you outright, the story of Titan Souls is rather interesting.  The lore behind a few of the bosses, particularly the gaurdians, is quite interesting.  There are a few spots in the story that feel rather forced, such as the meeting with the giant titan by the graveyard.  The story also suffers from this game's largest problem, which I swear I'll be getting to soon.  I have a natural affinity for Titan Souls's brand of storytelling, but that doesn't allow me to excuse a few faults.Length/Replay Value~Here is Titan Souls's greatest downfall.  The game itself has a bit of replay value, with a good spread of acheivements and even a hardmode, 1 life mode, and a secret version of a boss or two.  But the length is truly dissapointing.  The game has very few bosses, and it really defeats the stand out parts of this game.  The comparison to Shadow of the Colossus becomes a bit thin in this regaurd because, unlike Shadow of the Colossus, the hub world is small to a point where you can get from boss to boss in the matter of around a minute.  And once there, you can face off against two or three in a row.  I'd have to agree with those people saying that this is much more akin to a proof of concept than a full fledged game.Soundtrack~Titan Souls has an absolutely beautiful soundtrack.  Each boss has its own theme, and they feel very distinct and well put together.  The soundtack is purely orchestral, and is definitely worth a listen.Graphics~Titan Souls is part of the large wave of retro art games coming in lately.  I enjoy this art style greatly, and Titan Souls is definitely one to pull it off.  However, I do understand that it's not everyone's cup of tea.Reasons not to buy~-If you really want to get all the bang for your buck (1)-If you aren't a fan of puzzle-based bosses (2)-If you don't particularly enjoy bosses kicking your teeth in (3)Reccomendations~-Shadow of the Colossus, Dark Souls 3 (1)-Dark Souls 1/3, Undertale (2)-Shadow of the Colossus, Terraria (3)"
76561198239565910,Recommended,297130,20695374,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,kAArot kIEIng,SOOOOO HARDDDDD!!!!!!!
76561198051076224,Recommended,297130,17543251,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Greeny,"""Bossfight simulator"" with beautiful music, minimalistic gameplay mechanics, nice pixel graphics and, of course, hard and interesting bossfights."
76561198034009446,Recommended,297130,20785107,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Field Marshal Windbag,The game is all about combat and it's really great. Since all bosses die in 1 hit they are all really fast or require precision in your aim and timing and the challenge always results in extreme satisfaction when the arrow meets its mark.It has a legit hard mode in wich enemies are simply better at what they do and some even have added gimmicks/puzzles to expose their weak spot.
,Recommended,297130,20299510,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,The Devil,You can ignore all the negative reviews from the Call of Duty rejects who couldn't get through the first few bosses. Titan Souls is an homage to the old school gamers and days of yore when gaming didn't involve getting screamed at and griefed online by 12 year olds. Titan Souls is straight-forward gaming for people who like a retro challenge. Kudos to the developers for keeping the heart and soul of gaming alive.
,Recommended,297130,20724855,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,FRIDGE,This game is very beautifull and hard. And when i say hard i mean really hard. Every part has very hard bosses. Its challenging yet rewarding and very fun. The only problems were that every hit is 1 hit ko and when you die you have to walk all the way to the boss again
,Recommended,297130,18209284,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Grub,"Titan Souls has really polarized a lot of people. I happen to be somebody who thinks it's a pretty decent game. Honestly, pretty decent is EXACTLY how I feel about it.The controls are fine. Just fine. A message pops up at the beginning of your playthrough which says ""controller reccomended."" I ignored this message (I don't have a controlller), and it took me a while to get used to shooting and aiming that little idiot's arrow with one letter key and four arrow keys. Once I got used to it I was, for the most part, pretty well off fighting the bosses, but there were a couple of times during my playthrough where I got angry and closed the game for a while because of how frustrating the controls can be. However the feeling of just NAILING one of those giant turds with that sweet♥♥♥♥♥arrow is incredible; especially when ya snipe em real good. The feeling rivals the very similar feeling of defeating a Souls boss.The bosses themselves are fantastic. I loved the design of pretty much every boss; it's obvious a lot of time and love were put into designing these bad boys. There are some that are better designed than others, some that are more ""eh"", and a couple that feel like throwaway bosses, but overall I think that the dev's really hit the nail on the head in terms of design and gameplay and all that.That being said though there are a couple of fights that are really, truly, ridiculous; specifically the one against a certain dingbat knight who shall remain nameless. There are also bosses that are pretty easy to cheese, I can think of two or three that I destroyed instantly; but like I said, overall the titans are pretty fun and reasonably challenging.Now where the game really falls short is storytelling. I was incredibly disappointed in that regard. Storytelling in Titan Souls is very, very sparse. I personally have always been very down for that sort of thing, but I don't think that Titan Souls pulls it off at all. They give you bits and pieces of lore but nothing more than a morsel, and everything they give you feels disjointed and separate; so much so that it's very difficult to form any real idea or conjecture bout the world or the protagonist or anything like that. I only played through it twice, though, and I'm sure more playthroughs would yield more thoughts but I don't think there's really much to dig up in this game, especially considering the strange lack of discussion over it around the Net. It's hard to decide whether to contribute this to the creators of TS just not having a solid idea of what they wanted the game's lore to be or to them just being terrible writers, either way they fell short.Also, regarding the story, it can feel SO derivative; painfully so, at times. This game really felt to me like a weird amalgam of Dark Souls, Shadow of the Colossus, and Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood. It's got Souls-esque difficulty and high frequency death, epic SotC inspired boss batles separated by long interludes of exploration of the game's beautiful world, and images and motifs (which I can't explicitly mention for the sake of spoiling the game for others) which are stupidly derivative of some of the most iconic images and motifs in FMAB. I mean, I'm totally down for this mixture, it's a very interesting one, but some times I just found myself thinking kind of poorly of the creators of this game for being so derivative, especially in regards to FMAB. However that's not to say that this game's really lacking lore is bad; it just feels incomplete. If you play this game, you will still find yourself absorbed and fascinated by it, even if you have no idea what to make of it.All in all, I think it's a pretty decent game. The game doesn't seem to have as much depth as might seem to promise, but you will love fighting and defeating the titans and exploring the game's immersive, stunning world.Also! The music is fantastic! Strikingly so. You wouldn't expect it from such a game."
,Recommended,297130,33585032,Posted: 16 July,all,Heavensdoor,This Game Just Drilled my backhole in triple dimensions.I like it.
,Recommended,297130,18141721,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Sacra Nth,"Fast and brutal, to a point where it becomes annoying, Titan Souls is a great pseudo-casual experience. The speed at which you can progress through the game makes up for the '1hp' mechanic, though the vastness of the ingame areas (which are quite beautifully designed) turns the game into a walking simulator between bossfights. The little semblance of plot that this game has is a nice touch, too. It also comes with a nice, fantasy-battle soundtrack, as well as a pixelly font.Bosses are hard.You. Will. Die. (Seriously).Alright, we're done here."
,Recommended,297130,28486645,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,ブラン Everybody Hates Miki,People don't like this game because it's hard x)losers
,Not Recommended,297130,24222979,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,The CrompTown,If you don't have a controller the game is broken
,Recommended,297130,24661197,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,TheEnemyEngineer,"> Played little tutorial> First boss> First death> 5,000th death> Rage quit> Killed first boss10/10 would die againIt is definitely worth buying on sale"
76561197982581918,Recommended,297130,30498974,Posted: 13 March,all,Oztington,I liked it. 8/10
,Not Recommended,297130,29069776,Posted: 6 January,all,MaxKorylus,Wierdest billiards simulator I've ever seen.
,Not Recommended,297130,24770295,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Jahmba_Hey,Cool concept for a game............but waaaaayyyy!! too hard
,Recommended,297130,30818342,Posted: 29 March,all,Crash,"Amazing game, though would definitely recommend playing with a controller"
76561198063139489,Recommended,297130,21862016,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,The Rhino,This game is about a 6/10. It's not amazing but it's not bad. The boss fights are creative and the character handles well. The music and the environment is great and the artwork looks good. Unfortunately too many of the battles depend on manipulating the titan and depend on the titan doing a specific thing so in both regards you spend too much time just waiting and staying alive which just gets boring.
,Recommended,297130,22905172,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,War Tycoon,"Very fun, very good atmosphere, loved the design.However, the game is too short. Well worth the money if you can get it on sale."
,Recommended,297130,33110072,Posted: 1 July,all,Dominik14690,"hard, but cool and addictive game"
76561198035366817,Recommended,297130,21663606,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,orangecow,"It's a love-child of Shadow of the Colossus and Darks Souls, all done up in beautiful pixel art.  The soundtrack is atmospheric in the overworld, and ramped up for the boss fights.The gameplay is a bit unforgiving, but once you get the hang of it, can be very rewarding.  You die in one hit, but can usually kill the boss in one hit.  The challenge is the timing..."
,Recommended,297130,22262861,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,D_KingOfSpades,"Very reminiscent of Shadow of the Colossus and, unexpectedly, Dark Souls. I love the thrill of fighting bosses over and over again, and being transformed into a rougue-like made a signifigant change. I know this is not a Souls game but it does evoke feelings from the franchise. However, the final boss was a little dissappointing.Still a great game, and often used my ability to ragequit for a day and ace the boss next time I play easily."
,Recommended,297130,22845116,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,AAAAAAAAA,"I got this game on sale, $4.  I really recommend buying it now just because its like 50% off for the original price $16. (All CA$)Remember: I only have 2 hours played, everything I say may be incorrect.This game is hard, you only have the one arrow which you always have to retrieve.If you enjoy games where you need a different  strategy for each enemy, which so far are all different.2 hours in, I died 100 times (there are checkpoints).Every time I killed a boss, I felt like I accomplished something, its a great feeling.The Titan Souls world is very nice thought 2d can look kinda weird; the story is blurry but I can tell it`s one of those games with a rich lore.The only real downside I see is that there isn't much between the boss fights.There are no enemies, (only bosses) but luckily there are some head scratching puzzles.I personally wish there were individual enemies between boss fights, but I understand why not.You also stick with you character and weapons probably the whole game, so probably no customization or different weapons throughout the game.Overall a very fun game, feels very achieving, it does make you rage though. Watch out for that.‎(ﾉಥ益ಥ）ﾉ﻿ ┻━┻"
76561198098023723,Recommended,297130,21873763,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,ᅚᅚ,"Didnt know I could run until the second-last boss. Seriously had to spend 6 hours and die 500 FRIGGIN TIMES to clear this. I suggest not skipping any  content * no spoiler intended *  or u may have to backtrack alot, which might not be fun. Other than that, If u hate urself i sincerly recommend this game"
76561198116014105,Recommended,297130,22589929,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Alltorn-N56,"I came into this game expecting crazy rolling and impossibly fast arrows flying anywhich direction while being swrmed by enemies. I was sorely mistaken. The pace and timing of the game with it's enemies the TITANS all attacking you with unique attacks in different patterns and speeds were a huge challenge I was not expecting. The gameplay is fun as you have a new problem at each titan and the large treks you must take between boss' to find them I found largely enjoyable due to the gorgeous pixelated landscape. The treks between where you respawn and to the boss while shorter than going to region to region did get boring. Sound in this game has been masterfully orchestrated to provide a none too dull experience as you are pelted by the titans and a calm reprieve as you travel the lands so that is a godsend as I thought this game would have a high pitched non-stop enthusiastic 80's track and that would have killed me more than my 745 ingame deaths.To sum it up this game with its lovely aesthetics, engaging combat, easy to pick up controls if you use an xbox360 or PS3 remote (I did not use the keyboard as the game sugested; don't let me stop you though) and the sense of achievement that so rarely come from playing tripleA games make this an exceptional purchase for those who wish to buy something simple. It is hard, but only because we aren't used to games like this don't let me forget.After this review I will try and get the rest of the games achievements and maybe become a start streaming this game HAHA ;)."
,Recommended,297130,22957960,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,G A Y  A E S T H E T I C,If you want to feel good about yourself.don't buy this game
76561197979961681,Recommended,297130,33120318,Posted: 2 July,all,HexeR,"Mix Dark Souls with Shadow of the Colossus and that's what you have here.  Each boss requires its own strategy in order to be beaten.  Though, there are also environmental puzzles that you must solve along with beating the bosses.  A very cerebral, although minimalist kinda game."
76561198254696613,Recommended,297130,21845582,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Gaster,yes i recommend this game for the people that like adventure and spooky pixel gamesbut the one downfall is that it could use a 2 player online mode to invite your friends in your steam friends list but other than that i have nothing other to say about it the game is very fun
,Recommended,297130,21847745,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Arakasi,"Art and Music - Absolutely beautifully done, and prefectly fits the setting and tone.Story - To call it 'non-existent' would be false, but it's functionally non-existent.Gameplay - This is where the meat of the game is, whether it passes or fails for you. In a sparce (but very pretty) setting there are a number of rooms each with a different boss in them. Each boss is at once a test of timing, aiming, and deduction as you try to figure out exactly how to kill it. You will die a lot, but each death brings you one stop closer to beating the boss, either through figuring out how you're meant to kill it, or getting the timing/aim just right.This game is certainly not for everyone, it is only for people who get a sense of extreme satisfaction for overcoming very difficult challenges. Would recommend watching a video that goes through some of the early gameplay before you decide to pick this one up."
,Recommended,297130,21711261,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Infern,A game harder than Dark Souls while in a Pixel art top down art style.You have a bow and the ability to dodge roll. Those are your tools at your disposal.Now kill all the bosses (If you can)It's about how much Salt are you ready to endure.Since I haven't even defeated the first boss yet...I am saltier than a salted peanut.Still I am going to carry on playing the game when i feel like I am ready to becomeSaliter than the Ocean.
76561198129391160,Recommended,297130,22845066,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,BigBoss,Okay first up is this just me but are all games with the words souls in them unbelievably hard?Dark soulsLost soulsAnd the newest instalment to these: Titan SoulsNow this game is not for those who like easy games because this is far from easy. Each boss is also a bit of a puzzle  so if you don't like puzzle games don't play it. Other than that it's a great game with beautiful attention to detail and good music and is definitely not a walking sim.For those who like super meat boy and other games like that this is a great purchase unless you end up losing your money by smashing your computer!
,Recommended,297130,21910689,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Katatonia,"Game is extremely hard, have fun! rage quit like a scrub."
76561198052250807,Recommended,297130,33103932,Posted: 1 July,all,LegendL1nk,"This game right here is really hard to evaluate, thats why i have to say a few things about it.Titan Souls has a really beautiful art style and soundtrack. If you have played ""Shadow of the Colossus"", you could compare it with it. A world for you to explore, where you can eventually e find the Titans. Each one of them is a hard boss, that you will have to defeat. In order to make that possible, you have to learn his mechanics and moves to be able to defeat him. You need to be prepared to get frustrated a lot. If you want to get challenged, you should buy this game. If you like try and error games, you should buy this game. If you like boss oriented games, you should buy this game. Everyone else should not touch this at all.Pro:-Beautiful art style and soundtrack-Many varying boss battles-Short playtime(if you are good at this game)Contra:-Really frustrating if you dont get the rhythm-Sometimes bosses won´t get hit, even if you clearly got them8/10"
,Recommended,297130,25993149,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Air_O2,Fun if you enjoy besting challenges
,Recommended,297130,31741436,Posted: 14 May,all,MrAgLi,"Hard and fun. I like it. It is very challenging, rage inducing but skill and timing based. Just my kind of masochism."
,Recommended,297130,25165794,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Chocobo,"Dark Souls if it were in bit graphics, without mobs inbetween bosses."
76561198104535134,Recommended,297130,30053985,Posted: 20 February,all,Lontum,"This game is expencive.Not for the game itself, but for the destroyed controllers.Controllers were not destroyed due to the rage at my many deaths.They were destroyed by my few, exquisite victories."
76561198101832009,Recommended,297130,15794795,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,darugo06,"Titan Souls is definitely an indie game, as most people use the term nowadays. It's akin to Cave Story in that they're both good examples of short but otherwise worthwhile experiences. Allow me to explain step by step.Let's start with the Gameplay. We'll break it down between controls and mechanics.As far as controls go, this game is very simple. You move your character with the arrow keys or control stick, you can shoot your solitary arrow if you have it stocked or call it back after shooting with the same button. While aiming to shoot, the arrow keys/control stick become your method of aiming instead of moving. Along with movement and arrow play, you also get a dodge button that can be held to make your character run. I highly recommend using a gamepad, some bosses are near-to-outright impossible with only 8 directions to move and shoot in.In contrast to the simple controls, the gameplay mechanics are more in depth than one would expect. The entire game can be boiled down to a glorified boss rush. Every titan encounter is in the typical ""boss room"" structure, whereas upon finding the titan in its room and engaging in it only victory or death will allow you to leave. Every boss has a weak point, but is otherwise invincible unless you hit this one spot with your own arrow. This makes each boss feel more like a battle of wits rather than strength, where solving the question of 'what' the weak point is and 'how' to hit it is as important as not being hit yourself. Learning a titan's pattern through trial and error and finding the perfect moment to attack is what this game's combat is at its core. It’s best not to get too worked up as death will happen in this game, again and again and again.Outside of battles with the various titans of this world, the player is left to explore an unexplained and quite desolate world in search of the aforementioned titans. There are little rewards for exploration if you were looking for more than another titan to fight, and none if finding vague hints of the lore doesn't interest you. There are no mobs to find, and no enemies to deal with and level up against. This is a world of titans and decisive actions.Now let's talk about Narration. This topic covers story as well as the level of engagement the game is capable of putting you into.As far as the story goes, you're a chosen hero on a mission to kill all the titans and obtain the ultimate power, and learn the truth. Although, none of this is told to you in the game. Going off just the game, and not the game's description on this store page, you're a guy (or girl...?) with an magic arrow searching for and killing titans to collect their souls. There are murals that vaguely depict events or prophecies, but nothing is exactly obvious. The designers seemed to have taken a page of From Software's book of 'finding the story' design, without actually putting much story to find though.Despite having such a paper thin plot, I found myself immersed during my gameplay all the way through. The engagement factor comes from the gameplay I mentioned before. Such an in-depth game of solving the boss' puzzle coupled with the sense of true satisfaction every time I figure it out and earn victory coaxed me into taking the next step and finding the next boss to fight. In some cases, yes I thought it impossible to defeat a boss, and ended up skipping it for another fight. Though that didn't deter me from playing nor detach me from the immersion, in fact it forced me to rethink how I approached the boss and lead to victory once I learned how to really fight each boss.Now we'll finish off with the Aesthetics. This'll cover the art, which includes both sound and visual, the setting of the game, and how everything ties together into one experience.Titan Souls uses a pixelated style mixed with simple three-dimensional graphics snuck in with a pixelated dress on to look more like all the other sprites in the party. Though it isn't 'anime with 3D CGI' levels of cringe worthy obviousness, in fact they're done quite well that I'm unsure whether the game was actually pixelated and not one big 3D graphic to begin with. The way some bosses can look like beautifully intricate sprites while others appear as pixel-textured models, and all of them fit without anything looking too far out of place is a feat on its own.Speaking of fitting aesthetics, I found the music to be amazing in quality and purpose. The music is there to set a tone or invoke a feeling. With each area of the world came a theme that played the trope as straight as the typical lava area and snow area would in any adventure game, however that doesn’t mean to diminish how well it was produced. The feeling of first finding a new themed area coupled with the sudden shift in tone for the background music gave me a warm feeling of accomplishment, as if all that exploring actually wasn’t all for waste.Don’t even get me started on the boss themes. I absolutely adore the boss themes of this game. From what I could notice, every boss has its own theme. Some even move to their theme, at least in the beginning. Every theme came off as fitting for the titan at hand, and made that fight all the more memorable or even fear inducing when their theme would come in at the start of the fight.On the topic of themes though, I found the settings of Titan Souls to play most of the usual tropes. You start in a simple temple area, than branch out into the forest, volcanic caves, snowy peak, and even a small graveyard, all linked back to the main temple and its own little gardens. The areas are large, giving the sense that you’re actually in a world and not some corridor leading to the next boss. That same size also plays into the general theme of the world. It’s empty. It almost feels dead, abandoned, apart from the titans you’re there to defeat. It gives an odd sense of wonder, like something else is going on. Your mission isn’t some fanfare’d prophecy about saving the world, there isn’t seem to be right or wrong here. Just titans, and you who have come to slay them for your own goals.Altogether, Titan Souls becomes an experience more than a walk from boss to boss. If you take the time to look around and get a sense of the world, and think about what’s going on, a whole story built on speculation opens up. The same book players would write for themselves when playing one of the notorious ‘Souls’ games by From Software, this game builds a world using only aesthetics and gameplay and doesn’t tell you anything at all outright. Each battle is a challenge on its own, forcing you to master the simple controls and the mechanics of the game alike as they’re presented to you within each fight. Death will happen, but it’s not the end. It’s only a means to grow and try again. Just you, your arrow, and a dozen titans to slay."
76561198152675826,Not Recommended,297130,15653101,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,camienkaen,"I went in expecting the game to be challenging, and got a game that was just frustrating.Firstly, the controls are simple, in fact too simple. Putting two functions (roll and run) on the same button makes it very difficult to survive bosses because I was constantly messing up, forgetting to keep holding down X because I just had to press it to roll. Also, why isn't running the default movement pattern? The world is too large to just stroll around in, because then you'll just get bored. Back to the controls, aiming is a b**ch since you can only use the arrow keys, which is incredibly inprecise. It'd be easier if there was real mouse support.Secondly, the map is confusing. Bosses are not easy to find beyond the first set of 4, and there are plenty of branching paths from the spawnpoints that lead you RIGHT BACK to the spawnpoint. If these paths don't lead anywhere, why are they here? Just to give an example, there are two bosses in the forest/swamp area. To reach the one to your right, you have to take the right path, then when you get to the next area, immediately turn back around. When you get back to the spawn area, it's no longer the spawn area and it leads you to the second boss. How is that sound design? And how was I supposed to know that? The game is already challenging enough with the bosses, making it harder and take longer to reach them (because it does those bosses are sooo far off) only takes away from the game.The bosses are difficult, and if you can overlook controls and map and want a challenge then this is for you. If you don't like what I've written, don't buy the game."
76561198136462355,Recommended,297130,15977982,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Bubbarelli,"Beautiful, challenging, and mysterious.Take a deep breath, fire your singular arrow, and awake the slumbering beast.Titan Souls has no intention of grasping your sweaty palm.Observation is key to discovering the weaknesses of the imaginative and vastly varied Titans. Avoid their attacks and your opportunity will reveal itself, though how and when to exploit it often remains unclear. Fortunately, you have infinite lives to try different tactics, because you will quickly burn through many of them. As unforgiving as this process is, I've rarely felt truly frustrated - I've simply not understood what needed to be done, or failed to execute it within the narrow window. You face a short walk back to the battle arena after defeat. I used this time to reflect on why I'd failed and how I could change my approach to succeed. Still, over time these treks become marathons, and an option to cut straight to the action would have avoided this. Controls are tight and responsive, provided you heed the strong recommendation of a game pad. Seriously, keyboard controls are futile here.The world is pretty and detailed, yet feels slightly hollow - its a lonely journey. This was most likely to convey the isolation of your vulnerable protagonist, and this works, but some rewarding exploration would have created a more vibrant world, rather than just a hub leading to battles.The score is glorious. Wistful, ethereal music accompanies the main world, ominously fading to silence once you enter a dungeon, replaced with pounding tribal beats and darting strings once battle initiates.When that perfectly aimed arrow connects and the giant is slain, it is satisfaction and disbelief combined. Only one task remains - retrieve your lone weapon.An immensely rewarding game, it deserves to be valued on its own merit, not stand in the ""Shadow"" of any other."
,Recommended,297130,16338362,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,ekings95,nice game
,Recommended,297130,16300860,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Strida,"This game is one more reason why people should try indie games. Challenging, but yet simple gameplay. Has a beautiful combination of retro visuals with 3D and image effects. The soundtrack is awesome and fits perfectly with the game. Although a bit short, the extra modes gives it a great replayability value (tried Hard Mode + Truth Mode only -Iron and No Roll modes are for true titan slayers-). The guys from Acid Nerve did a hell of a good job with this game, hope there will be new entries from them in the future. 9.5/10"
76561198073236550,Recommended,297130,16320588,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Genesius,"Despite my playtime on it as of writing this review, I feel I can say a decent amount about how FREAKING AWESOME this game is! I'm playing Bloodborne right now so I knew going into this game was going to require a lot of reaction skill, and I ended up clearing the first 4 bosses no sweat (The Ice Cube was a b*tch until I learned the secret to the room!), and I'm sure by saying that karma is going to come back and absolutely obliterate me :DGetting real, I found a ton of things I love already: the soundtrack is gorgeous! It's a unique style I haven't heard in many games, but the boss music and the exploring music fits in perfectly (especially when you die the first time to the boss before the elevator!)The pixel graphics I was surprised by. I know you can make art with pixels and make it look really good, but in Titan Souls the artwork done is fantastic! They really put their hearts into making this game look as good as it plays.Gameplay is very simple, with only, like, three buttons needed, I would still take their advice on using a gamepad for this. You get used to it very quick and I started using the gamepad right away when I booted up, and it's been a smooth ride (except for one point where my arrow was stuck in it's draw phase and wouldn't get out of it until I died. Possible bug? Or perhaps my controller was being stupid :P)If you were lazy and decided to skip to the final verdict of this insanely long review, just buy it. You won't have any doubts putting this game in your library, especially with it being on sale atm. Do yourself a favor and pick up a copy of this, even if it's just for the soundtrack and artwork.Also, it should probably be mentioned this game can make you laugh like hell! It's easy to screw up hardcore and die in the most hilarious of ways!BUY IT."
76561198071820451,Recommended,297130,16432165,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Bearplane,"This game is pretty simple, yet challenging and enjoyable. Beautiful world and soundtrack. I also love the mystery of the hero and titans.I just wish there was a little more revealed throughout the game. Besides that, it's perfect."
76561197966119621,Recommended,297130,16430328,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Ednory,This is a pretty little game that plays out like a boss rush mode with deadly bosses to fight in each successive area. The game takes a little patience as deaths are a certainty to begin with but the bosses are not so difficult such that you cannot figure out what to do after a couple of tries.It is a little on the expensive side for what it is and how much gameplay is in it but having bought it in the sale I was left satisfied.
76561198080450156,Recommended,297130,16425335,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,2030 Ultra,"A pretty good game, but DO NOT get it unless you have a controller! It is basiclly impossible to play without it.It's moderately fun, and annoying at times, but the satisfaction of destroying your nemisis boss with the thwack of your arrow is great. I'd say to get it on a sale."
76561198047626721,Not Recommended,297130,16538928,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,JUSTTOOMANYDAMNBONGOS!,Chore simulator 0/10
76561197996720250,Not Recommended,297130,31917815,Posted: 23 May,all,aspitfire,♥♥♥♥ YOU ♥♥♥♥ YOU ♥♥♥♥ YOU ♥♥♥♥ YOU
76561197990814638,Recommended,297130,17470520,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,FuddRuckers,"Exactly what I expected, and never had a worse k/d ratio"
,Recommended,297130,17199486,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Shit-Ass Dead Dude,"I gotta say, The Last Guardian really doesn't look anything like I expected it to."
,Recommended,297130,19918614,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Kagu™,"Though not spent long in this game, I have completed it once over and can say it really captures the aspects of an old fashioned castlevania-esque title.Those who say the bosses feel the same and have the same basic patterns to one another are incorrect - in my opinion. Each boss has a varied set of dynamics in which the player will have to learn before blindly shooting the arrow and expecting to win every boss without learning its patterns or movements. Once you give some thought into how you kill the said boss, it's quite simple to execute.Basically - if you buy this game thinking it's a casual rogue-like, you will be horribly disappointed and will no doubt be one of these people whom play for an hour then complain.If you're looking for a challenge and something to keep your mind occupied, whilst also having a beautiful soundtrack to listen to and an outstanding atmosphere to traverse in, this is your game."
76561198127213899,Recommended,297130,30026473,Posted: 18 February,all,NorthSide,Fun and balanced all the way through.
,Recommended,297130,17893605,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Fatale,"Challenging without being impossible. It seems to be inspired by Shadow of the Colossus but not in some cheap rip off-way. I do tend to get a bit lost in the world map though. Anyway, it's just epic. Awesome music, awesome battles and delightful graphics."
76561198069665551,Not Recommended,297130,31877664,Posted: 21 May,all,Dog Getting bamboozled,this game is fun if u have an controler u cant actully beat the game with keyboard along with no options on what key does. the reason you cant win the game is becouse with the controler u can turn your all around and in a part where you have to shoot some ice with a fire arrow you cant move the right way with the character when using a keyboard.
,Not Recommended,297130,24040474,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,𝑡𝑦𝑙𝑒𝑟 ☂,it's sort of like warioware but infuriating and pointless instead of fun and mindless
,Recommended,297130,17749547,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,a🅱ro¬¬,"Many of the reviews I have seen are straight to the point of it being 'short' and in regards to finishing it, I have to agree. But with the quite short time I had with this game, the finishing time didn't matter, it's the experience that matters. Seeing the boss for the first time and wondering what made it trigger, getting instantly squished, impaled, melted or vaporised (respectively), staying back to discover the attack pattern of the boss (while being assaulted with vines, fists, icicles, magical arrows of death etc,)  getting enough courage to take shots between attacks and finally taking it down. All of this was what makes this game great. Regarded, I still havent versed the majority of the bosses, but the ones I did fight were quite a challenge with the final fight making me physically gasp and then punch my fist in the air with joy when I finally took it down. I plan to go back to this game in the future.9/10"
,Recommended,297130,18542111,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Nikachu92,"Very Difficult game.  Very well made though.  Great music and pleasant graphic for a retro style game.  You will die.  A lot.  The most annoying thing about this game is then when you die, getting back to that area is awful.  Like once or a few times would be fine.  But like I said, you die a lot so you end up spending a good chunk of time getting back."
,Recommended,297130,18649722,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,danybeam,"TL;DR awesome game, painfully unforgiving.this game is quite fun and while I like it I can see where the hate is coming from.the boss battles, or just... battles since there isn't really any enemy other than bosses, are UNFORGIVING.you should only buy this game if you have tons of patience or knowledge of when to quit.also take in consideration that this game is a one hit KO (for you AND bosses) so keep in mind that the awesome boss battle music will be heard in little 5 to 15 seconds loops.HOWEVER besides all that, I'm recomending this game because it's fun and while I've never been really a pixel grafics fan I'm happy that I gave this game a thought because the games looks awesome.In conclusion, if you want a fun game I totally recomend this game."
76561198097831732,Recommended,297130,18464374,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,SingleBlackMan,dank kush
,Recommended,297130,18573985,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Bob le témeraire,"I only played like 40 minutes but I can already tell you that I love this game, but if you are looking for a narrative story then this game is not for you. If you love zelda like game then it's for you"
76561198154605312,Recommended,297130,18622110,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,DjBlaklite,beautiful artwork. hard as ♥♥♥♥. only complaint: wish there was no recover after rolling. thats it. its a great game. like dark souls in 8bit had sex with shadow of the colossus.
,Recommended,297130,20058853,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,CheckeredTux,controls very clunky even with the gamepad and it is 90% walking through the same place over and over again. Still amazing visuals and very challenging would recommend
,Recommended,297130,17852400,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,☣ ReZ ☢,Harder than Dark Souls. 10/10.
76561197994073479,Recommended,297130,17780590,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Coffee,"Its like Shadow of Colossus, but you only have 1 HP. Great challenging game accompanied by a brilliant soundtrack. But could really do without all the walking, especially when you die and have to walk back to the boss... why not just start you off next to boss room?If you buy it just be prepared to die alot and walk even more."
,Recommended,297130,17585314,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Nyu,Sick pixel artChallenging bossesFun kill or be killed mechanic♥♥♥♥ ye quinton
76561198167506056,Recommended,297130,18865230,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Fireblaster40,"In my opion I belive that this game and Shadow of the Colouses share a lot of things, like your the only human around. But unlike with SOTC this game isnt boring and you feel like you actauly acomplished something when you killed one of the bosses. Plus this game is kind'of like dark soles, why, because with death you understand and think of ways to kill the boss you just died too. So yea good game"
,Recommended,297130,18936794,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Zachillion,Very hard and it's difficult to figure out what to do and how to do it but it's original and cool.
,Recommended,297130,19877332,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,skidbird,"To me this game felt like ""Shadow of the Colossus"" + ""Dark Souls"". I enjoyed everything about it.If you approach this game expecting a deep story with tons of RPG elements you'll probably be disappointed. If you come expecting great graphics, music, and fun gameplay, you'll probably be pleased. It's a simple yet challenging game, that leaves you satisfied after each boss defeat.The on criticism I would give is that I wish there was some type of RPG progression system, where you could upgrade some aspect of your character or weapon. I think that would add another good layer to an already great game."
,Recommended,297130,19834492,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,The Best Nerd,"Okay, I just read the review section after playing the game for a while, and it seems that most of the negative reviews are just by die-hard CoD fans. This game is a love letter to Legend of Zelda and Shadow of the Collosus fans, as it combines the puzzle/strategy combat of the top-down Legend of Zelda games with the ""you are puny"" feel of Shadow of the Collosus. And, not only that, the bosses don't feel ripped out of either game. They are a solid combination of both games that gives most LoZ and SotC fans. Also, don't expect the story to be spoonfed to you. Seriously, don't. There is very little story to the game, partially to accompany the ""OOH MYSTICAL"" feel of the game, and partially because the devs were a little too lazy to implement story. Otherwise, it has rock solid LoZ gameplay with the hardcore SotC/Dark Souls feel, with an entrancing mood and setting of it's own."
76561198101580470,Recommended,297130,19836412,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,DefinitelyAmish,"Chances are if you get this game, you'll hate it. Not because it's TOO difficult, or because it's easy (I mean if that IS your problem with the game, ♥♥♥♥ you). You will hate the game simply because you will die. You will die 5 times just to figure out how to kill one thing. Then you will procede to die 52 more times. Yeah. It blows. But the feeling of success? Fantastic. Damn near ♥♥♥♥♥♥ic....oh also it has an awesome soundtrack, great yet simple mechanics, and grade A pixel art."
,Recommended,297130,19917598,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,<-- Jehuty,This is a very good game. Grab a controller and all your problems are solved. Highly recommended to anyone who likes atmosphere and pixel art.
76561198056341503,Recommended,297130,19894840,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,KnightOfMadness92,"It's rare of me to find a game that pisses me off so much while also having so muh fun. It's a game that punishes you for making mistakes and rewarding you by using strategy and reflexes. This is what the offspring of zelda and solaire would look like.10/10, would die via♥♥♥♥♥shaking yeti again."
,Recommended,297130,22837449,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,DracoHandsome,"4/5 GoodTitan Souls is effectively a challenge mode -- its content consists largely of moving between quasi-puzzle boss fights. This and its general aesthetic are highly similar to the PS2 cult hit Shadow of the Colossus.However, unlike SotC, Titan Souls lacks any sort of content or progression beyond these boss fights -- both your character and all bosses (except one) die in one single hit, and your only weapon remains a magic bow with a single, returning arrow. Your only movement technique is rolling.The challenge of the game is that only one specific spot on each boss is vulnerable to attack and only at certain times, and you have to figure out how to expose it. A single hit to that spot with your arrow -- including on the return -- will defeat the boss immediately (except one.)Pros:- Widely varied bosses- Not every Titan is required to reach the ""last boss"", only the EX last boss- Game becomes gradually more frantic and difficult but not completely unfairly- Magic arrow returns on command and is deadly in transit; adds meta to some boss fights- Sectionalized content allows for both long or short play sessions- You defeat one boss by shooting him in the butt- Difficulty modesCons:- Keyboard controls ARE NOT WASD + MOUSE, so you're limited to shooting in 8 directions without a controller- Very short (my first run took a mere 4 hours 17 minutes)- Little to no content beyond boss fights and difficulty settings- Walking to bosses is a chore, especially between deaths- Certain cinematics are a bit lengthy- EX final boss is stupid and highly annoying; normal final boss is much coolerI would do the following to improve this game:- Allow use of WASD + Mouse for finer aiming (go ahead and fight Knight / Soul / Truth with only 8-direction aiming, see how well it goes...)- Allow players the option of either respawning at the boss room entrance or back at their last checkpoint- Allow players to teleport from one discovered checkpoint to another- Add a horse, chocobo ripoff, or other much faster transport that only works outside of boss rooms (animal will visually shy away from boss rooms it could fit into)- Add optional puzzle rooms or hidden non-Titan bosses that add context clues to piece the story together, none of which are required to access Truth- Add inconsequential wildlife such as birds or squirrels- Allow skipping of cutscenes or certain boss intros (--> Truth)"
76561198027994280,Recommended,297130,19892188,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Ismaru,"Cool game. Has a real Shadow of the Colossus vibe to it. Recommended!Pro'sVisually appealingGood, crisp controlls (very needed in a game like this)Easy to learn, hard to masterChallenging and diverse bosses. A good amount of them also, divided up into areas nicelyReally satisfying to hit the boss at the right place after figuring out it's pattern and weaknessConsRelatively short time to complete the game needed, as there are only bosses. There isn't a story, no NPC's, no dialogue, no progression or anything. So if you're ""good at this"" you'll be done quickly. (however, the game does throw replay challenges at you like an iron man run)You only get one weapon - your bow. I think it would've been cooler if you had a few more weaponsBosses literally need one hit to kill. Only at one boss you had to ""expose it's weak spot"" and then you could one-hit it. So once you confirm their weak spot, you killed them right away.Was this review useful to you?Please check out the Izzy Reviews Curator pagefor regular updates on reviews for other games!"
76561198259919595,Recommended,297130,22616598,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Shintsill,woah good game + game is good i r8 69/over9000 wish i had it this is donald trump the dilliorare signing off bye laters ill ddos yer mum. :) :) :) :)
76561197993965446,Recommended,297130,31204322,Posted: 17 April,all,Testosticor Fantastiballs,"Hard as hell, but fun."
,Recommended,297130,21865052,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,เหมี๋ยวววววววว,I die at main menu
,Recommended,297130,21866017,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Cleric Quill Katarn,"Before I played:＼＼ ＿＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)<　⌒ヽ/ 　 へ＼/　　/　＼＼ﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ/　//　/|(　(ヽ|　|、＼| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /`ノ )　　LﾉAfter I played:／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　 　ム｀ヽ/ ノ) 　）　ヽ/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ._,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡)"
,Recommended,297130,33701095,Posted: 21 July,all,Djeru's Resolve,good
,Recommended,297130,26129871,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Dread Pirate Tuco,"I love it. It's a simple and beautiful game that you can play in your free time. Wait for a sale and get it, because it's a very memorable experiance."
,Recommended,297130,15508875,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,.::AI | HiNasaPeepo,"This game is like Shadow of the Colossus meets Dark Souls meets Legend of Zelda. I'm only part way through at this point, but it is absolutely fantastic so far.Some people are complaining about it being repetetive on the fights? I don't know wtf they're talking about. Every boss is unique. Sure, they all have a weakpoint you have to hit, but the method of hitting it is very different for each boss. Learning their attack patterns (and trying to stay alive long enough TO learn them) makes each fight challenging and intense.Another complaint I saw was the lack of story. Why do you need a giant narration or deep story for $15? Honestly, this has more story than some $60 games I've played... Finding the secrets and reading the boss names adds alot of flavor to the game.MY only complaint is that you can't change the keyboard controls. From watching videos, I kinda thought that shooting the arrow would be done with the mouse, but the videos were done with a controller. With the keyboard, you use the arrow keys and X and C, so aiming is only 8-directional and makes things quite a bit harder. But it's STILL fun with that limitation. Maybe even more fun if you like that kind of challenge.I honestly hope that there is either more added to the game over time or a sequel is made. I highly recommend this one."
,Recommended,297130,15896069,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Shiva,"I don't like Titan Souls personally, but I still recommend it.The sound and art design in this game are wonderful, it has tight controls and is incredibly atmospheric with its minimalist design.I've beaten the game giving each boss about a dozen tries, checking if I understood what I was doing wrong, if yes then keep trying, if no then watch a video to see what I'm not understanding. That is the crux of my own dislike of the game, a lot of bosses kill me too quickly to actually glean useful information from them. Experimenting with a different setup is possible, but sometimes you die immediately during an optimal setup and dismiss it only to realize you had it right the 4th time. The boss designs themselves are strong and when you finally figure out how to kill a boss quickly it's satisfying, the road there isn't enjoyable for myself though.This isn't a slight on the design, there is extreme clarity in the choices they made in this game and it has a solid voice. I recommend it to other people who have patience and appreciate a well crafted experience."
76561198008830894,Recommended,297130,15986260,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Griga,Die and retry again again again and again...and kill sometimes
76561198027295819,Recommended,297130,15904965,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,jcscarlett10,"Awesome soundtrack and great, simple game play. It's fairly difficult on its own, but go for all the achievements for a real challenge!"
76561197987498188,Recommended,297130,15979637,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Scythe1344,"You only have a bow and one single arrow and have to face giant monsters.Every being is kind of a puzzle and mostly only needs one hit in the right place.The controls are very responsive.The graphics and the soundtrack manage to create an atmosphere of solitude only comparable to ""shadow of the colossus""."
,Recommended,297130,22861724,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,q3.railgun,"""I'm too cheap for 3D dark souls 3 so I settled for the 2D version instead"".Now that I've actually beaten the first play,You are a boy/girl with a bow and arrow. As long as you return your arrow with jedi mind powers you are given unlimited ammunition. You also only have one life, however all the bosses have one life as well (some arguably more than one but technically still one hit to kill).The game revolves around finding each boss' mechanic and then optimizing your movement to get that quick kill in. If the boss battle is beginning to last over a minute then you're probably doing it wrong. Once the main mode is completed you unlock more ""challenge"" modes that include a no roll (limited movement options), ironman (no continues).All in all, quite a good game as I really enjoyed looking for the killing shot opportunities and finding the fastest way to get them. A lot of complaints about the walk back to the boss room from the checkpoints but I would like to think of it as time used to get your thoughts together to strategize."
,Not Recommended,297130,23931141,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Paikz,"With a controller this game is pretty good but....The lack of support for remapping key binds is the stupidest thing I've ever experienced. I don't want to play this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game with the arrow keys, I want to play with WASD. It's been a year since this game released and no patch yet. It literally makes the game unplayable. Refunded immediately."
,Not Recommended,297130,30374739,Posted: 7 March,all,YOU ARE GOING TO JAIL,"6/10titan souls suffers from alot of thingsbut it also has its positivesPROS:open worldany boss in any ordergood graphicsgreat soundtracjCONSyou cant just spawn infront of a boss when you die so you have to backtrack.this is reallyannoyingbosses are uninspired with a few exceptions like,the truth,onyxia,mountain boss,mask boss,gol quyin.there are strategis but i found myself searching for them online rather then figuring them out myselfif you forget to kill a boss on the other end of the map its really irratating to backtrack twice in a map as big as thisclimbing is boringnothing to do in the open worldbosses like ,the soul,truth,vinethesis,knight elvis,mushroom thing, are just too hard compered to easy bosses like ,eyecube,mimic,mask boss,lava ball,mountain boss,gol quyin,yetiand lets not forget the secret titan you litteraly cant die no matter how hard you tryUPDATE:keyboard only the lazy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that developed this game couldnt bother to have the mouse as an aiming tool instead you can only shoot WEST,SOUTH,NORTH,EAST,or in other NORTH EAST DIRECTIONS no NORTHER EAST directions"
,Recommended,297130,22278817,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,ManDown,IT IS HARD. IT IS UNFORGIVING. IT IS PAINFULLY ENRAGING. IT IS AWESOME.
,Not Recommended,297130,15368388,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,The Megalophyte,"While it's a short and mechanically fun game, the artist for this game is a skin mark on the underpants of society, and his imagination for insults can only be matched by his lack of skill at making anything other than pixel art.For reference, see:https://twitter.com/_andrio/status/588011732037013504"
76561198072786457,Recommended,297130,16504683,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,funkyMONKEY,+ design+ atmosphere+ very high difficulty+ varied bosses
76561198064876720,Recommended,297130,15512474,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Nosehair of Justice,"simple. fun. challenging. nice soundtrack and visuals. solid gameplay.Some people are complaining about the time it takes it walk from the save pont to the boss. see for yourself, if you played the demo, the time it takes to get to any boss is about the same as that as it is in the demo. It never bothered me so much that I thought it ruined the games experience.Others are complaining about there being bad suppport for keyboard controls, I played on a gamepad and thought the controls were very fluid, the game strongly recommends gamepads, mainly xbox or playstation, It might not work with another brand of gamepad.From someone who has played the full game and unlocked all but the no death achievements, 15 dollars is a fair price. if you are someone who always waits for sales, it is very likely this will go on sale in the summer for 8-10 dollars. totally worth it.the game just feels like a well-oiled machine. when i wasn't fighting one of the nineteen bosses I was walking through some happy pixel art scenery and listening to a great soundtrack with great ambient outside noises. i would love to see something alongthe lines of a titan souls 2.8/10 a refreshing and satisfying indie single player experience"
,Recommended,297130,17041145,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,*+*+TheLizardKing+*+*,"As many others have said, this feels more like a proof-of-concept than a game. Sounds harsh, and feels harsh, because the game genuinely plays extremely well, but there's not much to it.I haven't played much, and haven't gotten very far, so I can't claim that I know the story. From what I gather, you're a dude with a single arrow (which is admittedly a very strong arrow) tasked with taking down Titans and gathering their Souls, which I don't feel the title inferred well enough. Basically, you line up a shot, take it, and then can recall your arrow via some kind of psychic link. You must battle several bosses, and that's pretty much it. Each of the bosses has their own quirks, weaknesses, strengths, attacks, and designs, and it's always a nice 'daunting' feeling when you walk into a new boss room for the first time.It's a good game, for sure. The design and art is absolutely fantastic, with a hint of retro-flair to it. Each boss has been wonderfully and maticulously crafted, and the work shows for sure. Titan Souls does a very good job of drawing you into its strange world, and the bosses feel as intimidating as their size would have you believe. It's challenging from the first boss onward, and only gets rougher from there. I've found that it's one of those games where you can switch off with your friends without anyone getting too bored from watching. Pretty damn good, best for fans of LoZ or Colossus, but I probably wouldn't buy it full price."
,Not Recommended,297130,23882545,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Dakusan,"Just wasn't enjoying the combat at all, and that seems to be all the game is."
76561198152701546,Not Recommended,297130,28955855,Posted: 2 January,all,hi im don,disappointing...
,Not Recommended,297130,31827950,Posted: 18 May,all,Korfor,"A challenging game that requires good timing and coordination.Unfortunately i do not recommend this game because of their respawn system...Usually you die 10 seconds into a bossfight, then theres the waiting for respawn and walking aaaallllll the way back to the boss everytime, takes about 15-25 seconds"
,Recommended,297130,17753926,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,felipebelinassi,"In Titan Souls you will:- Die- Die- Die- Then you'll learn how to defeat the boss- Die again- You'll see that you were wrong- Die, Die, Die- Finally you'll manage to defeat the boss- EXPERIENCE SWEET SWEET JOY10/10 and i'm waiting for Titan Souls 2"
,Recommended,297130,23929527,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Klimas,it's pretty good
76561198301309180,Not Recommended,297130,31051725,Posted: 9 April,all,MSEP,"I really don't want to say anything bad about this game, because I quite enjoyed what time I spent playing it. However, it only took me 2 hours to 100% a playthrough, and any replayability comes from having a slight difficulty increase. The fights are really short, and if you don't beat the bosses in the first 30 seconds, you probably will lose the fight (with a few exceptions). The fun comes from figuring out the trick you need to beat the boss, but almost all go down in one hit. So, basically its just, try one idea, die, try another die, wash, rinse, repeat until you happen to figure something out.Basically, this is not a bad game. It has great music, and interesting worldbuilding, but it does not provide lasting entertainment or challenge. I would only recommend this if it's on sale. Otherwise, you'd be better off elsewhere."
,Recommended,297130,16752935,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Shibato,Not From Software™ but definetly a Souls game. and as always prepare to die \[T]/
76561197965361589,Recommended,297130,17239841,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Psymon²,"An intense 2 hours from start to finish.While this game stongly appeals to me, as there is no hand holding, and it requires lateral thinking and fast reflexes, I can imagine it not being as appealing to a wider audience.Play the demo before buying, and you'll either soon be sick of it, or finished and eager for more."
76561198011827193,Recommended,297130,17258767,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,asfarley,Cuts straight to the good parts of NES/SNES boss battles.
76561198136084367,Recommended,297130,22832868,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Brocoly,Very nice game. This is like Demon souls and Dark souls = (Tital SOULS)
76561198004008196,Recommended,297130,16988044,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Ben:  Seahawks #1,"It's like Shadow of Colossus meets Super Meat Boy:  a sequence of super short, brutal bosses, where each fight is a puzzle.  Well done."
,Recommended,297130,16898302,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,UFO,Yeti♥♥♥♥♥♥ Nuff said.
,Recommended,297130,17576616,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,pichali,"Mutha ♥♥♥♥ing Pew, but only one pew becuase you only get one arrow and it's great. Problem solving mixed with killing titans to become the ultimate badass gangster in the whole hood. Did i mention the aroow is magic and you can make it fly back to you. It's like you're Yondu from Guardians of the Galaxy but less of an♥♥♥♥♥and more of a badass. The bosses are bs but who ♥♥♥♥ing cares because it's so satisfying to finally kill them ♥♥♥♥♥es and when you kill them you rip their souls right out of them like a ♥♥♥♥ing dementor. 10/10 would bang their head against the wall while trying to roll up stairs."
76561198106839672,Recommended,297130,19086681,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Jedi Master Yoda,"Its a good game, fun for people who need a challenge and can make you pull your hair at the enemies, but over all a great game."
,Recommended,297130,17388109,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Kofichi,"I entered the game, i died in the game, i left the game, i came back to the game, i died 300 times more, i beat all of the bosses, i unlocked iron mode, hard mode, no roll mode and truth mode, i entered the game in hard mode, i died to the easiest boss of the game, i never came back again.10/10 would die again"
76561198109324790,Recommended,297130,17437484,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Sir,"if you want to be successful in this game, you have to learn and adapt to the patterns of the bosses/titans and have good timing to shoot your magical arrow at the right place at the right time. seems pretty simple, but you soon realize it can be frustrating."
76561198079619383,Recommended,297130,17424499,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,ExcitingStoney,All i have to say is its really addictive
,Recommended,297130,34921774,Posted: 13 September,all,buckshot,Dark souls who?
,Not Recommended,297130,24820174,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,surrealeus,Get Hyper Light Drifter instead.
,Recommended,297130,16018362,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,yourboibilly,"This game is challenging but very simple, all you need to do is ""pew pew"" with your arrow and stuff. But when you die you need to walk to the arena thing over and over again until you beat the boss, I don't have patience to walk back to the same place until you win, but this game is still awesome. c:"
76561198103636134,Recommended,297130,16375576,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,The Pigeon,"Great game. Highly recommend it; but make sure you have someone with you to restrain you, just in case you have the overwhelming urge to grab a pair of scissors and start viciously carving the pattern of a Swastika in your frontal lobe, or snorting 3 pounds of chili peppers up your nose, or rubbing chlorine in your eyes, etc., becsue this game's grueling, unrelenting difficutly will bring into your mind the possibility of the practice of self-harm. You have been warned..."
,Not Recommended,297130,16246947,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,BOATCH,"Short, not-very-inventive boss rush game made by a couple of hipster fannies. AVOID."
,Not Recommended,297130,15390513,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Transcendental Raccoon,I wish I hadn't bought that game.I encourage everyone to not support the devs' childish behaviour with your money and buy it only with a 100% charity bundle if you're still interested in the game itself.
76561198149302279,Recommended,297130,15856088,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,hodor520,"Totally recommended.Great game,great music  and a touch of lore.Definitely use a controller.Prepare to Die!!!"
,Recommended,297130,16080724,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,SwagginsBaggins,This is a fun little game focusing on learning various boss fights. Wurf playing
76561198100339527,Not Recommended,297130,22850161,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,smh tbh fam,You cant roll up stairs. The rest of the game seems alright so far but this one little issue is annoying me so much I thought I'd write a bad review.
76561198222196464,Not Recommended,297130,16507617,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Who Could It Bee?,Hard
,Recommended,297130,31093476,Posted: 12 April,all,RED,thes gem ist veri fdifectlt
76561198018875816,Recommended,297130,15499855,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Dead Koala,"Great game with beautiful art and music to it. Some very challenging fights and cool bosses. I think a game is worth it when a play an hour for every dollar I spent. Currently I am at 10 hours on a $15 game and am still spending time trying for all the achievements.For those who haven't seen much of the game it consists of 19 boss fights with nothing inbetween. A very short game if you just want to beat the bosses and reach the end. Where this game really shines is in the challenges that you unlock after beating it for the first time. The Hardcore mode with makes all the bosses faster and can change their movement patterns, Ironman mode which allows you only one life and and the mode that removes the ability to roll.If you enjoy challenges and speedrunning then this is probably a good game for you if not then you will probably one of the very dissapointed people and should not get this game.CONS: needs a controller to be played well and the waits between deaths and beig able to fight the boss again are too long"
,Not Recommended,297130,28549208,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Botulism,Might be fun if you didn't have to walk back to the boss every time you die.
76561198027027433,Not Recommended,297130,24003927,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,THE DEWD,"Ok, there's no sprint button, you just have to hold on to the roll key, first big mistake.Next, you only get one arrow that comes back to you in a snails pace.And third, one hit you die, so that also sucks.If I wanted to play a game where the bosses are only huge dudes, I would play shadow of the collosus, which, also by the way, doesn't serve you up all the bosses on a silver platter."
,Recommended,297130,31832491,Posted: 18 May,all,A7MADoZ,As i hoped it would be
,Not Recommended,297130,31869689,Posted: 20 May,all,magdriveproductions,"this game is trash, prepare to have ur ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥handed to you as soon as you start the stupid game"
,Recommended,297130,17250165,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,davidlatimer,"Frustratingly Good,  1 Hit KO, Greatness. Titan Souls In A Nutshell."
,Recommended,297130,30900079,Posted: 2 April,all,Dank Weed,basically a downgrade and easier version of dark souls
,Recommended,297130,25487892,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Win5get1free,"When Pope Benedict asked Giotto for a drawing to prove his worth as an artist, Giotto drew a perfect circle - freehand ... perfection is a powerful message. Simple, but perfect."
,Recommended,297130,15373016,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Quatropus,"Titan Souls is a top down non-linear puzzle game, similar to the idea of Shadow of the Colossus.  While not on the same level with the comparisons between the two, the one thing that both games have going for it is the boss mechanics.  Titan Souls takes that idea and turns it into a mechanic that the bosses die in one hit, you die in one hit, and you only have one arrow.  A puzzle like mechanic that is lacking the usage of equipment and abilities.  Instead, it's based on reaction time and awareness.  If you miss your shot, you'll probably die.  If you never learn the boss's mechanics, you'll die.  You can argue that a game based on trial and error is not a good game, but trial and error is a concept in every game.  The fact that the Souls titles (which need to stop being compared to Titan Souls) are very succesful because of the trial and error.Now to play this game, you will need a controller.  The PC controls are not fantastic in the least and there are no key rebindings (although there are only two real actions in the game).  If you don't have a controller, you'd either go and get one or just skip it.  The difficulty is an opinion.  I say that because people who can solve puzzles or learn mechanics quickly, will have no problem.  If you can't, you're going to get stuck.  The art style is fantastic with a portrayal of some Fez like animations and the camera being drawn back reminds me so much of what Below on the Xbox One is doing, giving you a sense of how large this world is.The music is simply beautiful in every aspect, to the point that it's a damn shame they don't have it on sell anywhere.  From soft and somber music to some straight heavy guitar riffs, the range of sounds are absolutely outstanding.  As far as sound design, every sound is impactful (I.E. a yeti rolling into a wall, a blob hitting the ground, being sucked in by a gust of wind, etc).The story itself is probably the weakest.  It heavily focuses on narrative and doesn't give you much of the history of the world, bosses, and protagonist.  That is up to you to decide whether your character is there for the right reasons or the wrong reasons.  Why is he here?  What kind of person is he?  Why do the titans not attack you instantly?  What's the ""truth""?  All questions you ask yourself throughout the game, only for you to come up with the answers.I feel the price range of $15 is fair because I love simple yet challenging games like this.  It's not everyone's cup of tea, but if you dig like Shadow of the Colossus and are heavily supportive of the rise of indie devs, I totally suggest picking this title up."
,Recommended,297130,15832599,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Hawke The Pope Rope,"Fun, Tight, Expressive, and intensely satisfying. Everything you want in a punishing game and more, Totally worth the investment."
,Recommended,297130,16177355,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,h6x,"It's a really good and cool game, reminds me of the first Zelda with some elements of Dark Souls, the enviroment it's well made, has a chill vibe and when you kill an Titan it's really awesome"
76561198125676675,Recommended,297130,15684098,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,LordFite,"I am about 10 bosses into the game and I think it is great!  Don't get me wrong...the difficulty is frustrating but that doesnt make it bad in my opinion...just more rewarding.  I recommend to anyone who likes a challenge, a great soundtrack and gorgeous artwork."
76561198156282999,Recommended,297130,16312355,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,ChazzDoomington,Hugely enjoyable and frequently rewarding. Chock full of atmospheric charm and challenging without being frustrating.This game is a steal at any price.
76561198087379519,Recommended,297130,16219610,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Master_Earth,"Amazing game. only took me 4 hours, but every single inch was so unique and intresting. will play more on challenge modes!"
76561198162288254,Recommended,297130,16235812,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,SonicPlayzGamez,fun game requiers patiencei give it 8/10 stars
,Recommended,297130,15488943,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Shadowspaz,"This is not a long game. I have completed it a dozen times, and I am not tired of it. That should express how satisfying the mechanics can be.Not just that, but the optional modes - Hard, No-Roll, and Iron - Really force you to rethink your strategies. With Hard, anything the Titans did before, they now do more of. More projectiles, more attacks per cycle, faster movement, smaller windows to kill them in. It's more than just the ""harder means quicker"" formula most other games use, and it makes your approach much stronger by playing it. No-Roll simply limits your movement, but again, it causes you to restructure your strategy, since you now have anincrediblysmall margin of error.Iron Mode is just one life. Standard addition to difficult games.Killing things, though. This game makes it absolutely satisfying. 20+ hours later, and it still feels great to land that hit, dodging past an attack, and barely getting the arrow to hit at a steep angle. They did a solid job making the weapon feel impactful.The one complaint I do have, though, is there is nothing to do in the overworld. No enemies, no puzzles. Thereisone area, where you need to light torches, and even though it's small, it's awesome just becauseshooting is so fun.But that was one area, one time. I wish there was more like that.And, of course, as I said at the start of this review,  itisshort. It'll probably take the average player 3-4 hours to complete their first run, and maybe another hour to get the true ending. This is a game built for speedruns and for improving strategies. If that isn't what you want, I'll still recommend this on a sale. A 5 hour game, if that's all you play it for, is still worth 5 bucks."
76561198022608702,Recommended,297130,15508393,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,bossfight1,"Before we begin, lemme say that, while Gleeson acted like an idiot towards TotalBiscuit, I'm willing to put that aside while looking at  the game itself.So, Titan Souls: You play as a young man from a society where the very concept of 'accuracy' is the most heinous of sins, due to his rhetoric with archery being ""Shoot in the direction of my target"" rather than ""Shoot my target."" I'm probably just salty, but I lost count of how many times I'd aimed in the direction of the boss but just barely missed. You come to slay a number of Titans for some reason I... never quite gathered, I probably missed something. One boss asks if you're after 'power or knowledge', but that's the only clue I can remember. The game feels like a mixture of old school Zelda and Shadow of the Colossus, with a greater extent towards the latter; a young hero travels to a forbidden land with a cursed weapon, seeking to slay a number of immense creatures and obtain their power. In spite of the similarities, Titan Souls does more than enough to set itself apart.The bosses are nicely varied, each being highly challenging and needing a VERY lengthy period of trial and error to overcome. Each of them have a weak spot for you to hit with your arrow, and the challenge lies in exploiting that nanosecond of opportunity to hit it.The game itself is INFURIATING, and not just from the fact that you die in one hit and the bosses' attacks are fairly quick; you'll quickly feel apathetic towards your character when he doesn't hit the weak spot that, in that brief moment, would have been an easy hit, or when he dies because he doesn't move faster than a brisk stroll while the boss is stomping after him. But then, if you die, it's your fault, and while I could argue that the game might set the bar a bit too high at times, or that some of the boss kills require a degree of luck, that's probably just me being salty at my 100+ deaths.Now, people have issues with the fact that this game has no progression, and is nothing but boss fights, and while I LOVE boss fights (hence my Steam name) I can understand their issue. Shadow of the Colossus succeeded with having 100% boss fights by having those lengthy moments of traveling from the hub temple to the Colossus' lair, and having you do them in a specific order, one at a time. Colossus had progression, while Titan Souls simply has 'Beat four bosses, then beat the rest of the bosses in any order you want before the last three.' But I'd argue it has a sort of Talos Principle vibe where, after a period of making no progress you say ""Okay, I'm gonna try another one and come back to this one later."" But, to each his own. I thought this game layout worked for my tastes, but I respect that it didn't for others.All in all, while this game nearly made me put my fist through several walls, it left me with that feeling of ""SCREW YOU"" each time I killed a particularly tough boss, and each death made me clench my teeth and refuse to concede defeat.Pros:Nice art styleGreat musicVaried, interesting bossesSimple gameplayCons:EXTREMELY difficultCharacter's slow movement and lack of accuracy with a bow can be frustratingFaster movement speed in the overworld would have been niceAnticlimactic ending"
,Recommended,297130,19348620,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,🍌CBw/C🍌,i became romantically and sexually attracted to a blob of lava
76561198105797139,Recommended,297130,15513000,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,MyLittleMortys,"I've read tons of these negative reviews and I honestly have really tried to not like titan souls, but its just not happening. If seeing a good 2-hour movie is worth 10 bucks, then playing a great game for at least triple that time is definately worth 15. The game is exactly as good as it looked in the trailer, if not better. If you thought the trailer looked awesome, don't worry, the game delivers. I strongly recommend this game. The gameplay is solid and simple, yet immensly difficult at times which is great. The game world is beautiful and mysterious, like something out of a dream. Just as strongly as I recommend this game, I also recommend a controller beacause keyboard controls are pretty brutal. People have been complaining about the keyboard difficulty, when the game literally says ""Gamepad strongly recommended"" whenever you boot it up. It's basically saying ""you seriously need to use a controller but hey, its a free country."" I personally don't have anything negative to say about the game, its pretty great, but if you're not sure you'll like it, there is an internet that you can use to make up your mind."
76561198069914996,Recommended,297130,16362839,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Motivation,You know that level of rage thats so bad that all you can do is smile and make that high pitch noise ? Prepare to get good at it .
,Recommended,297130,17385858,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Crococaine,"I Only Recomend This Game If  You Love A Great Challenge, The Art Work Is Nice ,and I Love The Music. The Gameplay Itself Makes It My Favorite Game And How You Have To Find Out Each Weak Point Of The Titans and How You Have To Walk Around The Map To Find Each Titan. I Guess It Could Have More Bosses But Its Still A Good Game In My Opinion"
,Recommended,297130,17395074,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Dangerous Beans,This game is really cool. The devs said they were inspired by SotC and they really did manage to catch the feeling of that game here.Check out the demo!
,Recommended,297130,15644782,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,six oak,Would be way better with a workshop
76561198029123764,Recommended,297130,15497700,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Dominonub,Im so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off about not being able to roll up the mother♥♥♥♥ing stairs was it to ♥♥♥♥ing hard to make it a thing about rolling up the stairs like i can roll down them and for whatever reason I dont die because of all the ♥♥♥♥ing bones that break but i dont see me falling over and going the ♥♥♥♥ happend to meOverall everything in this game is good....love it....doesn't make me rage (stairs) reminds me of the fun i have on dark souls
,Recommended,297130,15625302,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,jobias,Pretty challenging. Great art style and the controls feel really tight.
,Recommended,297130,15646772,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,TheMixx822,"This is a great game, but it's very short and might not be worth the money."
,Recommended,297130,15656832,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Enzocreed,"okay, i first heard about this when it cropped up on steam after a successful , a fairly short form top down twin stick controlled game, where every action you take must be considered and every pause of simple mistep leads to instant death, not that this is a bad thing, as you respawn instantly.  the story (at least from the start) is not explained, but the hub world (as it is). consists of various doors that must be opened and the boss inside defeated. this is a definite buy if you like challenging, but not insurmountable challenges, i have been playing for around 25 mins so far and have beaten 3 of i believe 10 bosses.The Graphics are definetly what i would consider retro, 16 bit esque styled, but the simplicity keeps you focused on the very fast gameplay.death in Titan souls is not necessarily a punishment but e learning curve, the respawn times are so fast, the 2-3 seconds it takes gives you enough time to realise why you just died, then shrug it off and immediately try again.  it can be a bit frustrating, but still you suck it up and really do want to try again.The music is fantastic and fits the boss you are fighting.  the overworld music is calming and yet mysterious.also the first time the fourth boss killed me, i actually laughed out load.  overall for the price, well worth it. i would recommend this to anyone, and it's very clean that the developers really cared about this game.  (but when they warn that a controller is strongly recommended, they aren't kidding, I haven't tried with a keyboard and mouse but aiming the one arrow you have would be near impossible with only 8 cardinal directions.)TL:DR: get this game, it's fantastic, cheap and a great way to kill an evening or two."
,Recommended,297130,15806471,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,SkulFuk,"So at first there were bosses, then more bosses happened, and there was an arrow on occasion with a bit of rolling and running like a wuss.However I can't recommend this game in words because apparently that makes you a tool for not hating something Totalwhiner fanboys think we should all hate."
,Not Recommended,297130,22815794,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Trippi,Too much rng based
76561198145692979,Recommended,297130,15601678,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Torivor100,"Extremely thrilling and interesting, although a little short and somewhat frustrating at times. I also don't like the lack of a story line and I'm not quite sure what happened in the end, But this is over shadowed by all of the exitement and feeling of accomnplishment this game provides."
76561198093926579,Recommended,297130,15556515,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,DeskieFam,"This is a fun game. Very challenging and can be aggravating at times, but you just have to remain calm and see every fight through. My big hang up for it however is that I wish I had received an explanation to it all. However, that is not the fault of the developer. This was their vision. I just wish I got more answers is all."
76561198042011451,Recommended,297130,16198966,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,ANALizer,"I've never raged so much in my entire life. I also don't get all these bad reviews since kinda like in the souls series (dark souls) when you die it's your own fault. I called ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t once (or twice) and it was my fault. If you wanna see the part where i rage it's below there vvhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A3lLdZmCZ00Otherwise, it's relatively short but lots of replayability for mazochists."
76561198107262872,Recommended,297130,16094814,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Woah,Use a controller and you will breeze through this (not)
76561198280061902,Not Recommended,297130,22819385,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Anthonishere,"the game doesnt launch rigth, just a black screen"
,Recommended,297130,15603961,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Slimecicle,This game is the bee's knees I've gotta say. I think I just about summed it up here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rm55s2-ZDts
,Recommended,297130,15486319,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,"""Eat the middle first"" CandyCane","This game has some great boss battles and feels really tight control wise. The difficulty increases pretty well and every new boss always has a new pattern that requires many tries for the player to understand and exucute the perfect blow.Still not finished the game but i have heard it is a bit short. So far its really fun and worth the 16 $Also the music in this game is AMAZING and the art style is great, I purchased the collectors edition because of these additions.9/10"
,Recommended,297130,15530532,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Grizzthor,A few bosses in and already hooked.
76561198037403017,Not Recommended,297130,29686627,Posted: 3 February,all,CHAO$$$,"The gameplay design of this game is not particularly well thought out.Most Bosses dont give you windows of opportunity to go for a kill (and they shouldnt.. because they die after 1 hit... just a really terrible design decision here..)This means that the most consistent strategies to kill a boss are simply to take a shot early in the fight that either kills the boss or , if you miss, kills you. If you die you walk back and just take the exact same shot again. At some point you hit and win.Due to this huge flaw there is hardly any fighting the boss. Its just a 10 second timing test + walking simulator."
,Recommended,297130,15495866,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Alien Dude,The right mix between relaxing and punishing gameplay. You treat every boss like a puzzle and once you solve it its so psychologically rewarding. Highly recommended from the buttom of my titanium soul.
,Recommended,297130,22825289,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,EH HE,It's like Dark Souls and Shadow of the Collossus had a baby...
,Recommended,297130,15621533,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,lokitheinane,"I want to say that titan souls Is a uniqe concept, but it isn't beacuse Shadow of the collosus exists. All the complaints about this game only having bosses, and the big, empty world are complaints that could be leveled at that game too. the only difference is the lack of a horse.For the record, i love shadow of the collosus, and I love this.The controls are smooth and buttery, the action is frantic and paniked and the woirld is big and haunting and full of creatures you have have to go out of your way to annoy and murder. It does right exactly what it should, and leaves everything else out. A simple character in a complex world"
76561198091682568,Recommended,297130,15536045,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,DetectiveLizard,"Titan Souls is a simple game with a simple rule. One bow, one arrow and one hit. You defeat Titans and continue on to your quest. What is the quest? Well to defeat Titans and that's about it. The story isn't all that complicated and it doesn't really need to be but there are several areas with cave drawings and such so I presume there is a reason or a hidden message behind the game.The game as you've probably seen above uses pixel graphics and personally I quite like it. It's good pixel art with a lot of vibrant colours and shading. The only problem I had was the main character. He/she looked a bit derpy to be quite frank. But all in all it's good.The game doesn't have any small time enemies, loot, gear, easter eggs or a lot of what we've come to expect. It's all about the Titans which some people refer to as ""Bosses"" but since they're the only enemies in the game it's hard to justify that term. The bosses usually take one hit or have some armor you have to remove and I like it for the most part. It's cool defeating them but I it sometimes get's fustrating so you might want to take breaks when playing. Not that you probably need one since this is the game's biggest problem.It's too short.That's a bit of a shame. I liked this game but I think they may have stripped too much away from it. I know I may have missed some Titans but I didn't just run straight through the whole game. I died, I dawdled around corners to see if there was anything worth seeing but yeah the game was a bit short. However I believe this is a game that is meant to be replayed a lot on various modes and beating your score. If that's your thing then I think you'll have a better time and if not make sure you take this into consideration.The music I just have to mention. It's really danm fine stuff. A lot of soft melodies as well as tough brutal chords but you die so quickly you barely have enough time to hear it.This review wasn't supposed to be so long but I can't do too much about that. It's a good game with a cool simple idea and combat with unique ""bosses"" and excellent music. It's short however and multiple playthroughs seems to be expected with multiple modes. I give this a 7/10."
76561198048391553,Recommended,297130,15723196,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Tredecian,"pixelated shadow of the colossus + dark soulsThis is an amazing game, but not one to be beaten in a single sitting. better to chip away at it to manage frustration from many, many, many deaths at the hands of the gorgeous bosses"
76561198154478045,Recommended,297130,15822209,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,DaHirsl,Find i supa :)
,Recommended,297130,15594710,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Protoguy,"Great combat, love the art style, challenging enough to keep you going. Highly recommend."
76561197998221307,Recommended,297130,15573310,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,GrandGunman,"I'll admit when I was exploring E3 2014 game footage on the Polaris youtube channel this game's title attracted my attention immediately, Probably because I'm a fan of Dark Souls and Attack on Titan. But all that to the side Titan Souls is a solid adventure game with great music, atmospheric map design, and crushingly difficult boss fights. The game has a very simple mechanic where you die from one hit, however so are all the bosses. The boss fights feel more like a puzzle than fight, its just that these puzzles need to be solved with precision and timing. Sadly the game isn't very long but I can say it is more about quality gameplay than anything else. As far as story goes I can't seem to find one, you are an archer with one arrow you have to reuse all the time and your fighting titans because feel like it. If there is more to this story I certainly can't see it but it doesn't give me any bad feelings towards it. Bottom line its a good game with a simple mechanic that is used well."
,Not Recommended,297130,15384232,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,benly,one of the worst games...
,Recommended,297130,15520316,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Baron Von Blumpstoven,Boss fights are pretty fun and unique.
76561198057732594,Recommended,297130,15515242,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Nitrogue,"fun, yet rage inducing."
,Recommended,297130,15571711,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,2552,"This game is fun and hard, good mix of both. even tho i didnt kill all the titans i felt happy with the soul kill, may come back at some point and 100%  would recommend"
76561198066290130,Recommended,297130,15484650,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,MattTheDinosaur,is there anyway possible to change the controls while playing on keyboard because i think the controls are impossible and i do not have a controller to use
,Recommended,297130,15551764,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Tohloo,TB nuthuggers ayyy lmao
76561198095397675,Recommended,297130,15506511,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Ezpez,It's awsome. Thank you
,Not Recommended,297130,29659689,Posted: 2 February,all,Pvt. Pupper,so hard SO SO HARD its not even fun after the 3rd boss
76561198061117155,Recommended,297130,15473767,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Latchlornde,"Titan Souls is an impressive game to come out lately. With amazing art and a beautiful soundtrack, this game is worth the cost. But what is Titan Souls? Titan Souls is a Judum Dare style game with the theme of 1 hit, 1 kill. This goes both way for you and the bosses. While dying in one hit sound troubling, the save points are generally nearby and are only a short walk away to try again. People have attacked this game mainly for the amount of walking you have to do, but for god's sake its an open world game. Of course your gonna do some walking. Also, the reason they dont respawn you at the entrance is for the fact that if you struggle against Boss A, just go to Boss B instead and try killing him. Whether it be shooting a Yeti in the butt, or having to shoot an armour clad skeleton in his arrow, then his body within the short frame of three second, this game is meant to be challenging. Yes the story lacks, but you can clearly put the pieces together if you explore and read the names of the bosses.  The longetivty of the game is questionable at times, with the option of Iron Man mode, No Rolling Mode or just Hard mode, it can get very boring very quickly.     The cost should not sway you from buying it, it is well worth the 15, with possible hints to DLC in the future. So go out there, find a boss and solve him/her out. Whether it takes 1,2,5 or even 100 attempts to kill that boss, the victory is quite worth it.      Overall, the only cons of this game would be questionable longetivity and difficult story line to understand."
76561198077224046,Recommended,297130,15507771,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,blob | decade.tf,this is a amazing game the only thing that would make it better is if they added multiplayer
76561198047521912,Recommended,297130,15566952,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,EggManZ,This game is very challenging. Play it if you have the patience. I did; and it is very rewarding to get that winning shot in a boss's weak spot. Almost every fight felt like a real victory; there were maybe one or two bosses I got in only a few tries.Everything about this game felt like a mini-Shadow of the Colossus. The length of the game depends on how many tries it takes you; I'm working on the final boss right now and I have under 200 deaths. The pixel art and music and heart-pounding boss fights make this an excellent game.
,Recommended,297130,15489127,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,RemGumm,A good challenging game
76561198117074018,Recommended,297130,15483154,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,itssirtou,"Don't buy this without controller support. Your aim is heavily restricted. Otherwise the game is a lot of fun, very challenging, especially getting the achienvements. The hyper-simple art style with some fairly good event graphics and awesome music. Devs are apparently trash, but thats not what GAME reviews are for..."
76561198063553582,Recommended,297130,15571749,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,kind heart,launch gamedie 100x in a rowturn off gamesilently ragerepeatwould silently rage again
76561198292649453,Recommended,297130,28591465,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,DonIverson258,this game is great! But the only probem in this game is when i open titan souls it becomes black and i cant see anything i only hear sounds pls help me! i buy this game for lifetime so pls help me fix the black screen pls!
76561197999171190,Recommended,297130,15364420,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Blaurgh,"While I do like this game, and I am going to recomend it, there are some serius issues that the other reviewers seems to have missed so far.I don't have any issue with the fact that the game entierly consists of bosses, I don't dislike the fact that you die in one hit (at least not that much), the real problem comes with the fact that nearly all of the bosses die in one hit as well.While ofcourse that one hit is usualy extreemely hard to land, and often requires some condition to be met first, this will still very often cause a situation where you try 15 times to beat a boss, and then you just land a lucky shot, or otherwise kill the boss within seconds of starting the battle. It is extreemely anticlimactic when the boss can be beaten in 10 seconds or less, as long as you do it perfectly.The game just isn't as satisfying as it should be. If more of the bosses had multiple stages this could be fixed, but the developers seem to have focused more on making it difficult to survive for even a few seconds, instead of making it difficult to last the whole way through.I will also say that i haven't beaten the game yet (though I am almost certain that the boss I am failing to beat right now is the final one), so it seems that the game is rather short as well, but you should probably look for another review written after this one to make sure."
,Recommended,297130,15480729,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,ItalianNose,Had to kill a Yeti by purring an arrow in his♥♥♥♥♥ and I did it after 100 deaths.10/10
,Not Recommended,297130,22817102,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Chuckles Fan,"Game will not work for me. Like many others, upon launch I get a black screen and the game crashes. It's just a freaking flash game and yet it can't run properly? PATHETIC."
,Recommended,297130,15424258,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,internisus,"As a boss rush game, what distinguishes Titan Souls is that it is aone-hitboss rush game—for both you and the bosses.  The encounters play out like puzzles; impressively hefty three-dimensional creatures dominate their arenas as they throw their weight around, often leading you to scramble and panic before you've figured out how to manage them, and you will die many times in your effort to learn how to fight and defeat each of these well-patterned foes.And you must learn, for there is nothing save your own skill and strategy that can help you.  This elegant design refreshingly eschews the bloat that is prevalent among modern games; you will find no fodder enemies, equipment upgrades, or level ups here.  Some reviewers have opined that Titan Souls therefore lacks ""progression""; that, somehow,more gameis an insufficient reward for overcoming a challenge.  These people secretly hate video games.Despite its simple concept, it would be unfair to portray Titan Souls as merely a series of boss rooms.  There is a world here stretched between them, beautifully laid out and lushly drawn and animated so as to provide a sense of place which meaningfully contextualizes your experience of searching out the slumbering titans in their secluded dens.  It is a world with secrets, too.  Several titans have hidden themselves well, and during your hunt you may stumble across routes which are obscured by the game's overhead perspective (speedrunners take note).For those who pay close enough attention, murals carved into the walls of cave passages tell a subtle story together with environmental detail and even the locations of the titans themselves—a story that cannot be fully grasped until a second playthrough after receiving the true ending, which translates enemy descriptions.  Even before you have that information, however, there are still some surprising titan encounters with thematic implications—enough to plant that seed of familiar dread in your stomach and start you wondering whether this quest you are on is a noble one at all.Completing the game for the first time and getting the true ending took me about 3 hours, and I spent 8 more refiningmy speedrun.  Beyond that, there are additional modes for a harder new game+ difficulty, a one-life iron man run, and a restriction on rolling and running that requires you to completely change your tactics and gain an even better understanding of these boss fights.  For those who are willing to patiently replay Titan Souls and master its myriad challenges on the game's own terms, I certainly do recommend it.If you decide to make the purchase, consider paying a little extra for the deluxe edition as the soundtrack is quite lovely and easily worth the additional cost.  Sometimes the guitar and flute pieces that play as I walk through the forests and among the ruins remind me of Child of Light; they share that wistful melancholy.  TryForest Songsfor a sample."
,Recommended,297130,15412121,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Xeiva,The game is good. It's a boss rush game and if you like those then I have no hesitation in recommending it. Just make sure you have a controller!
,Recommended,297130,15392277,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Windyyy,"While many of you have read reviews that do NOT RECOMMEND this game I can assure you that this is a good game. Firstly, I'd like to emphasise that looking at the profiles of those people who have not recommended the game they have not completed the game (one of the achievements) and are therefore writing from a biased perspective. A perspective influenced by their lack of skill and inability to overcome the challenges thrown at them in this game, to then blame it on poor game mechanics (Yes I'm looking at you Wolfman...amateur).Now that's out of the way let me explain the good points about this game:1) The Graphics - This retro pixel-style game design is amazing and is pleasing to look at whilst running around and during fights.2) Sound & Music - The sound and music tie in well to the area and/or boss that you are fighting to make for a better experience. I bought the collectors edition myself and the soundtrack is something that I would listen back to in the future only to be hit by a freight train of nostalgia and want to put myself back into this torturous realm!3) Gameplay - This is debatable amongst the player-base (so it seems). However, the difficulty of the game, even in normal mode, provides a challenging experience for even the best of gamers out there. That split second window of opportunity you have to hit a shot, to then succeed and fist pump the air is truly gratifying. If you are not a skilled gamer to start with then this game probably isn't for you.Moving on to the negative aspects of the game:...there aren't really any major problems in my eyes except for one; respawn distance from some bosses. There are platforms in the various regions of the world which act as checkpoints and a place to respawn should you die during a boss fight (which you will). The distance between these checkpoints and the entrances to the various bosses can sometimes take up to 30 seconds of game time to run between. Dying multiple times and then having to run and waste more time adds to the frustration factor of the game.Another potential negative about the game is the lack of story. It seems to be non existent but there are puzzles and lore which have yet to be discussed or discovered due to the age of the game. I find myself sitting in a room with three directions on the floor wondering what exactly it means and if there are secrets to the game that I have yet to find.The only other points to mention in this review are to critique some points from players who have not recommended the game.Some people have stated that there is 'no reward or growth in order to overcome bosses' that you are having difficulty with. THE WHOLE POINT OF THE GAME IS TO FIND A WAY TO OVERCOME IT YOURSELF. IF YOU ARE NOT GOOD ENOUGH TO DO IT THEN YOU'RE A SCRUB.The game mechanics have been criticised too with people stating that the inability to move when charging a shot with your bow or recalling the arrow is an out-dated mechanic or broken. NO. The game is designed like that to make it challenging. Having played through and completed the game on Normal and Hard mode I can safely say that if I had the ability to charge my shot whilst moving the game would be a joke and far far too easy.To sum up, I didn't purchase this game for a story or to find excuses. I purchased this game to challenge myself, to be rewarded with a massive sense of achievement once I was able to overcome the various challenges I was faced with. I plan to replay the game on No Roll Mode (which I am currently doing) and to try and get most of the achievements (albeit Iron Mode - 1 life to complete the game will be near impossible). Anyway I recommend this game, yes it is punishing and if you aren't good enough you just aren't good enough. As with all things in life, you either train to become better and overcome the challenges or you just fail. If you can't overcome a challenge in a video game I dread to think what your actual life must be like. I believe there are hidden secrets yet to be found and I look forward to replaying the game and torturing myself some more!"
,Recommended,297130,15361489,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Allthegoodnamestaken,"(controller recommendation for this game is absolutely justified - even as someone who routinely ignores them, playing this game with a keyboard sounds like an awful experience)Update: All done! There are 19 bosses in total, and beating the game unlocks three alternate modes to play on. Everything I said from early impressions stands for the length of the game. I've heard that Hard Mode makes some notable changes, but haven't tried it out just yet. Will update when I can confirm. I died around 250 times on normal, which I think is the most any game besides VVVVVV has killed me.--------------------------So far I've seen a little under half of the games bosses and killed a little under a third of them. Based on how horribly the fights in between ""killed"" and ""seen"" went, I don't expect I'm anywhere near a third of how long it'll take to beat.The easiest way to recommend this game is to tell you to go play the demo. If you like that, you're going to love the full game. If you didn't, you're not. This is a game that takes the deliberate combat of Dark Souls, the boss philosophy of Shadow of the Colossus, and the art and music of Legend of Zelda and combines them into something truly unique. The demo contains three bosses from the game, and although they're the three least interesting I've fought, it's still similar enough to the full game that you should know whether or not it's your thing.If playing the demo is for some reason not an option, the best way to describe this game is a series of very unique and *very* skill-based boss fights. You get one infinitely reusable arrow. You die in one hit. The bosses die in one hit to their weak spot. Combat is essentially a real-time puzzle in which you're racing to identify and hit that spot before you make a slight mistake and die. It's a game where you'll routinely win by pixels and milliseconds, and also one in which you will much more routinely lose by pixels and milliseconds. If you find defeating the odds makes up for the frustration along the way, I cannot recommend this game more. If dying a dozen times in a row to the same boss doesn't sound fun, you will absolutely hate it. For those worried about the lack of exploration in the demo, the game world is much, much larger and there are plenty of side areas to explore. After the initial hallway, even the required bosses can take a decent amount of exploration to find.Artistically, the game looks and sounds phenomenal. The boss design takes heavy inspiration from A Link to the Past and  The Wind Waker, with Shadow of the Colossus and some other Zelda games mixed in less noticeable ways. The music shares similar inspirations, but stands easily on its own.For anyone considering the collectors edition, I would say it's worth the extra $5. The soundtrack is great, as I've mentioned, and the art book is equally impressive. Unless more are hiding from me somewhere, however, there are only two wallpapers included. They're both great, so I'm not mad about it, but I'd certainly have liked more than the minimum needed to use a plural.I'll update this if anything significant changes as I play through the game, but I can't imagine it will. This is a game for people who love precision, classic Zelda boss fights, and beating the odds. So far, it does those things better than any of its inspirations, and even if the length isn't quite there in the end, that's worth $15 to me."
,Recommended,297130,15417854,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,tarunasaurus 👳,"**BTW I played this on OSX Yosemite with a PS3 controller, no issues at all and the button prompts are actually PS ones, so that's pretty neato**The final credits have rolled after I have beaten all the bosses in, and I'm really satisfied (3.5 hours in). Like, super duper pleased with this, this is really high on my 2015 list so far. My time with this game is far from over, but I'm loving it so far.However, this game will not be for everybody. If you're patient, appreciate 1 thing done right as opposed to a lot of things done 'okay', and like the idea of getting ever more efficient at fights, then all aboard the hype train.Titan Souls is what you get when you boil down Shadow of the Colossus to the raw and add in a lot of cute sprite art, with a soundtrack that honestly rivals that of SotC (seriously that forest theme is so fetch).The difference is though, that this game is a one-shot-kill for everyone involved. Even though it has 'Souls' in its name and shares the same welcoming of multiple deaths, the combat is very much distilled down. In Dark Souls, you'll often trade blows and dance around, whereas here, it is more of a waiting game to figure out where the weak spot is, prime yourself for that key shot, and claim souls. It's more like Nidhogg, or Bushido Blade for the Playstation, in that way.This means that once you've figured out how to beat a boss, fights can last merely seconds, and while some my think that's not great from a £/min perspective, I personally feel so pumped when something that's been giving me so much trouble for so long crumbles so quickly. Also, upon beating the game, more game modes are unlocked to add to the replayability, and to make the experience a lot harder.There's no other equipment in the game. It's just you, your bow and your arrow. The are tight enough to pull this off, and there's never a point when you die that you fell like you can blame it on janky controls. They're fine, you just need to git gud.However, this does lead on to my only negative, but it's not one I can really fault it for. Having more 'Zelda-style' puzzles in the overworld would have really taken this game over the top, but that's not what the game set out to do. This is a game about killing big scary things, and so I can't really fault it for not being something that it isn't trying to be.So, to summarise:+ Gameplay+ Music (unnnff)+ Visuals+ Atmosphere+ End-game unlocks- Not enough puzzles, but oh well.This game is pretty great."
,Recommended,297130,15494891,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Orangelight,Its fun to play
,Recommended,297130,15372725,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Jeff Dee,"I got the same adrenaline rush from vanquishing Titans after dying many many times in this than in Dark Souls.I would recommend to anyone that loves struggling for accomplishements.The game is somehow short, but if you're addicted to the fights and the simplicity of the mechanics, with Hard mode and Iron man even NO RUN / ROLL mode, you get insane replayability.A Speedrunner Heaven, A Dark Souls / I Wanna Be the Guy Heaven.9/10 (main playthrough too short) -Still great replayability"
76561198172621750,Recommended,297130,15395766,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,ranmanrek,"Really fun game! Best way to put it: you can only get hit once, you only have one arrow and there are Big'ish Boss Battles. Watch your death counter go up."
,Recommended,297130,15410557,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Voxel,"Warning: DO NOT PLAY WITHOUT A CONTROLLER. This game was designed to be a PS4 game that just happened to be released on PC as well.Short and Sweet: If you like speedrunning games, buy this. If you are expecting an AAA title legend of shadow souls love child, you will be highly dissapointed. Buy if you feel that 5 hours is worth 15$ to you, (lot better price than the movies, too.)Forwarning: This is less a review about the game, as it's just simply amazing that three guys pulled this off without a high budget anyway, and more about how I feel about people reviewing this game with poor or biased judgement.This game is just amazing for anyone who loves to speedrun games. (Heck, it's even got a built-in timer.) The designs are just simple, but complex enough to give a good first experience, and give you the possibility of beating each boss in 10 seconds once you learn how. Most people came in here expecting a huge, zelda-esq game where they would constantly be fighting bosses. This is not a huge game. This is a short game, made by THREE people. THREE. It was DESIGNED to be short, for the purposes of being able to play this game over and over and over again, not for the sake of a new experience, but because each time you find a faster way, a better way, a way no one ever thought of. Taking 20 minutes to beat a boss the first time, to take 5 minutes, the next time, to taking only 10 seconds to beat him after that just feels amazing to me.I feel people have this warped idea of what a game should be. This is NOT a AAA title, yet people seem to be holding this game to those standards. The soundtrack is pretty good, considering this is a game with only three developers with probably an extremely low budget. Yes, the game is short. Yes, the game has some control issues. Yes, the game's bosses can be completed within 10 seconds each. Yes, the game has no puzzles that make you think about what you have to do. You know what? They wern't even trying to make it, yet you have a warped up idea that all games should hold up to this standard.The game is around 19 bosses, each taking anywhere from 5 seconds to 30 seconds to complete once you figure out their patters, and you'll more than likely be completely done with the game in 4 hours and then never touch it again. It was by far worth the 20$ I payed for the digital collectors edittion. (Bought it so I would have a map for drawing my speedrun routes, I like the sound track, and the art is good.) This is not your average AAA game, it's a game that has recieved so much love from people who like the game for what it is, it flooded in people who are expecting more than the short experiences I love. Transistor is another fine example of a short, rememberable game like this one. They both are around the 15$ range, and both last around 4 hours of gameplay. So it is ""worth the 15$,"" but you guys just don't like the game. If it isn't for you, it's not the game's fault you don't like it, so no need to give it a bad review.I respect people who rate the game negative for having issues that are apart of the game design, and not gameplay. If you don't have a controller, it sucks. They even say when you play, ""gamepad highly recommended."" I can understand giving it a negative review for that, because the game just wasn't designed for a keyboard. They could add mouse support, rightclick a location to move that direction / roll/run. Left click to shoot/draw arrow. I understand that. But giving it a bad review because the game isn't an adventure game, or it doesn't have secret powerups for you, isn't the games fault, you just came in with improper expectations."
,Recommended,297130,15414504,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Felonious Titan,"My playthrough of the game was rather short (just around 6 hours, including breaks). But this game is magnificently crafted, scored and stylized. Each boss fight feels unique and all the fights are boss fights. While the game is light on story, it is set in a colorful and imaginitive world that is brutally contrast to the intensity of the fights you'll have to face to reach the end.On the point of the fights: each titan is unique and challenging in its own way, employing different tactics and abilities to force you to think about your approach.I'd definitely recommend this game. I came here after watching EXP's stream, and hearing the music. At that point, I had to stop watching and play this for myself.Good luck with those last achievements, though."
,Recommended,297130,15357879,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,HexNash,"8 bosses in for me and this game is excellent so far. I was concerned a bit at first about complaints of backtracking every time you die, but the spawn points have been so close to the bosses that it really isn't bad at all."
,Recommended,297130,15433289,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,TylerNG,"Titan Souls is a wonderfully fun game for brutal masochists.This game won't hold your hand; right in the first fight, Titan Souls makes it very clear this game is hard and you are going to die. A lot. If you don't like being challenged, steer clear. Otherwise stay seated, because you're in for a fun game.Your unspeaking character faces nothing but challenges in a beautiful, but lonely world. The only creatures you encounter are bigger and stronger than you. There are no upgrades, your only reward is being able to move forward. I liken the themes prevalent in Titan Souls to Stoicism; all you have is yourself, your wits and your ability to endure increasing hardship with neither complaint nor reward. Oh, you also have a magic bow and arrow, too.I personally am struggling through the middle of the game, but improving myself to overcome merciless bosses is a rewarding experience. The fun is in getting better. I highly recommend Titan Souls to those who like to overcome challenges.Also, this game is beautiful. Walking around in the world is a visual treat for sure."
76561198010195741,Recommended,297130,15401183,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,ak47,"One of the most beautiful games that I have played so far.I see that people might not become happy with the concept of only having boss fights, but for me it worked fine.Not only the bosses are well designed, but also the outstanding soundtrack and pixel art and last but not least the simple but yet so perfect gameplay mechanics made this game become an experience I would not like to miss."
,Recommended,297130,15397449,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Clavus,"Amazing little game. Doesn't overstay its welcome but requires some effort and focus to complete. Some bosses seem impossible to beat at first, until you find that split-second in their attack pattern where you get a shot at their weak spot. Then it's a matter of execution, you don't realize you're winning the fight till you actually won it. Environment design and atmosphere are very reminiscent of Shadow of the Colossus; peaceful, mysterious and monolithic. Recommended :)"
76561198151171225,Not Recommended,297130,29724321,Posted: 5 February,all,Scrooge McDuck,im pretty bad and this is legitimately not fun
,Recommended,297130,15361412,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,(YouTube)Dragnix,"Titan Souls comparison to a 2D shadow of the colossus seems somewhat valid. A great variety of bosses already encountered with different strategies, along with simple yet straight forward gameplay is coupled with a fantastic world setting and a sense of awe and wonder. The simple nature of combat with one arrow actually is a fresh idea on things in a world of overly complicated fighting mechanics, and it honestly it gets a lot of things right all over the place. Well Worth playing, Well worth getting at the sub $15 price even a couple hours in.+:Fantastic variety in boss battles, despite simple premise.One Arrow combat makes it simple, yet complex with the ability to grab arrow from a distance.Beautiful Overworld and well done use of pixel graphics.Music appropriate, great sound design all aroundLearning Mechanics, Rewards being smart.Great Design elements all around. Obviously knew what they were doing in terms of level design and boss design.-:Possible limited replay. Each boss has a set strategy, very similar to SOTC.Progression is limited. You are the same person you started the game as, basically.Sometimes, trecks to repeated attempts on fights get annoying.For gameplay and more commentary:http://youtu.be/8v_Msko53kY"
,Recommended,297130,15397197,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,sq;rl,"A neat indie twin-stick shooter with a twist.You play as a little boy armed with a bow and one arrow.You die in one hit but your enemies also die in one hit.You will only be battling bosses here, no minions. Just bosses.Controls: AmazingArt: GreatMusic: GreatStory: LackingGameplay: AmazingDifficulty: HardAwesome, awesome game. Would recommend to anyone."
,Recommended,297130,15425210,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Kamikaze Pepsi,"I HIGHLY reccomend this game..... If I could describe it in just a few words i would have to say 2d Shadow of the Colossus. It is completely perfect. Amazing Graphics, mechanics, and Concepts all move together to form a game that has great replay value, and even after defeating the bosses once, you still feel the need to go through again. Me and my friend Pre-Ordered this game and the day it came out we started practicing, and now we've whittled our times down to a measley 30 minutes, and are planning to continue practicing!"
76561198010600112,Recommended,297130,15363117,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,GullofDoom,"Right away this game blew me away , it reminds me of a world similar to Shadow of the Colossus in both just environments and monsters you're fighting. In this case you're taking down Titans to collect the souls , your motivation is shrouded in mystery and the game kicks off with pretty much no explanation! It's got a wonderful aesthetic to it and a great soundtrack too! If you're interested in the game and want to see more made a video covering it aswell! And definitely do check out the digital edition if you like the tunes in this game. Absolutely great release!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T3ll1JaaFms&feature=youtu.be"
,Recommended,297130,15420821,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,NormalPrimate,"I never post reviews, but seeing Titan Souls be downvote-brigaded is a damn shame. It's easily one of most solid releases of the past year. Seems like every other game now claims to be Dark Souls inspired, and while Titan Souls boss fights definitely convey that level of diffiuclty and epic feel, its the mastery of a few extremely simple mechanics that made it such a compelling experience for me. You have 1 arrow, and must retrieve it after shooting. You die with one hit. You are completely underpowered and overwhelmed, facing down huge monsters. When you manage to beat them, the sense of accomplishment is *very* satisfying. People are complaining about the price, but I got way more enjoyment out of this than the vast majority of $40-$60 AAAs in my collection."
,Recommended,297130,15422782,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Shinmegumi,Legend of Zelda design + Shadow of the Collosus bosses and music + Dark Souls difficulty
,Recommended,297130,15422159,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Twinkle Toes,"Having now beat the game, I feel like I am able to give a good review of Titan Souls.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------To start, Titan Souls has been a game that I have known about for a while, and really looked forward to the launch. So about the game. Titan Souls has a beautiful soundtrack that goes incredibly well with all of the areas to explore and discover. The idea of having one arrow and one life, is a truly awesome idea in itself. Add that with fighting colossal titans that have a weak point where you can kill them with one blow from your arrow, and you get one epic game!The challenge of the game was fairly difficult. I played the entire game with my keyboard, and there were some challenges, and yes, some rage induced moments. But over all I truly loved going from one location to the next, fighting the titans that slumber.My favorite titan? The Unkown Titan that you can find in the graveyard. Im not going to give any spoilerinos, but that Titan truly gave me some feels right in the heart.All in all, this is a wonderful game that im sure any one could love. I hope that you check it out and hope you fall in love with this game, just as I have.This is Cogsdale,Ill check you later!On a scale of 1-10, I rate this game ♥♥♥♥♥♥ically Amazing."
76561198056695988,Recommended,297130,15409918,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Deceiver,"I think you should make a map or something to help guide the players towards the boss room cuz after the map gets kinda confusing 2 navigate, other than that this game is a gr8 game and i recommend it."
,Recommended,297130,15405879,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Evgiz,"I found Titan Souls to be a very enjoyable experience, in fact its one of my favourite games so far in 2015. The combat, although its simplistic nature, is used in many different ways depending on which Titan you're fighting. The game doesnt fit everyone, but for those who like challenging gameplay and great atmosphere, this is a must have!PROS:-Great atmosphere.-The music is stunning. There are tons of soundtracks, all of which are very high quality and fit well to their respective area or titan.-Beautiful graphics. The game looks polished.-Challenging combat.-The game respects the intelligence of the player and doesn't tell you everything you need to do.CONS:-The game is meant to be played with a gamepad. Using a keyboard makes Titans much more difficult to defeat.-Frustrating at times when game mechanics fight against you. This might be different with a gamepad.-World seems a bit too ""dead"" in the sense that there is not much you can interact with. It acts more like a background rather than a part of the game.TL;DR: Great atmosphere, challenging combat and beautiful game world. Play with a gamepad for a better experience!"
76561198158768185,Recommended,297130,15407887,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,The__Boss__Fight,"Keep in mind i'm no professional, but here goes...Titan Souls is a challenge, it makes you think and adapt to beat it. That's the core concept: fight, die, learn...and to some people it's a negative thing because we'e flooded with ""instant awesomeness"" games that you dont have to work especially hard at to be good at. Whereas, with Titan Souls it beats the hell out of you until you get it perfect, and that in itself is a rare quality in a game.The core mechanics of the game are solid, the very first screen tells you to use a gamepad, which doesn't redeem the poor controls without said gamepad, i myself played an entire playthrough with the keyboard and got thouroughly frustrated, but had a much more enjoyable experience when i plugged in my Xbox 360 controller. But what this game does have going for it is its incredibly addicting sense of satisfaction when you finally manage to overcome the obstacles it throws in your face, its absolutely BEAUTIFUL soundtrack, a suprisingly rich atmosphere, and a charmingly simple concept.My overall conclusion for this game was an 8/10, docked down only due to the fact that the experience i had was not as long as i would've liked for the money i spent and the poor PC controls. If you're into this archetype of games then definitely pick it up, but if you're not willing to spend some time and roll with the punches odds are you'll end up hating something you don't understand."
76561198009786259,Recommended,297130,15365630,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Gabbo (ง︡’-‘︠)ง,"Titan souls,is a very challenging game with a high learnig curve it's hard but not unfair.Like in Dark Souls,it gives u that great feeling of finally beaten the boss u tryed several times, over and over again cause there are tons of bosses.So in short if u like games like Dark Souls, Hotline Miami, etc... with great gameplay and soundtrack (dont know the story so far) u definitly should buy this game"
,Recommended,297130,15425747,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,French Fry Dio,"Very solid. Crisp and bone-simple mechanical core, enough ramifications to keep that simple mechanical core interesting and engaging, an appealing visual aesthetic, and enough boss variety to make for a really good experience.If the core gameplay cycle of Shadow of the Colossus, Monster Hunter, Dark Souls, etc appeals to you, there's a very high chance this will appeal to you as well. Check it out!"
76561198041376656,Recommended,297130,15421628,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Cthulhu's Reign,I had a blast with this game.  Everything is wonderful and the music is great.
,Recommended,297130,15391043,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Countdown,"First off, this game is not for everyone. But, if you like a real challenge to your games... then look no further than Titan Souls. I really enjoyed the art style, play style, music and overall feel of the game. It takes you from moments of serene calm, as you hunt for the Boss Arenas, to extreme panic, as you fight to get that pixel perfect shot on that massive Boss. Are all the fights hard? Yes. Are they all fair? I say so, if you are patient enough to figure out the pattern... and learn the secrets that have been laid before you."
76561198109704234,Recommended,297130,15390071,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,OG Lazar,10 Killed100 Deaths9/11!
76561198038107546,Recommended,297130,15398015,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Rajeesh from IT,"This game has given me a feeling that few games have given me recently. I'm merely posting this as a first impression review of course. But I've gotten the feeling of exuberant joy at beating the first boss that I haven't gotten from ANYTHING else lately. The game concept is similar to Shadow of the collossus in the sense that the game is about fighting big bosses with no faffing about grinding or cutting down hordes of minions. You have an arrow and you don't get more from what I've seen, yet you have such a great time picking up on the quirks of the bosses and figuring out what you must do to take them down. It felt incredible taking the first boss down, partially because I realized that I did it with just some combat rolls and one freakin arrow. The game's visual style is remniscent of the gba zelda games. At the same time it feels very smooth and intuitive. The music is also excellent as it ups in intensity the closer you get to defeating the boss. Overall, a fantastic game that I haighly recommend, Dennaton has done it again."
,Recommended,297130,15369355,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Smithed,"A beautiful masterpiece, and very difficult (VERY)9/10 (will be updating review soon)"
76561197983662248,Recommended,297130,15418936,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,TechieRefugee,"To start: I used to add a much longer header to my reviews, but since it often made the review too long to submit, I've opted to leave it on my Backloggery.Gameplay: You may notice that (at least as of the time of posting this review) I've only played this game for just under two hours. The reason behind this is because I beat this game in just under two hours. I feel like this point should be made front and center, as it is a very huge factor in determining whether or nor you are going to purchase this game. Even after defeating all the bosses, as well as the secret final boss, this game took my friend around three and a half hours. Since we completed the game first time through at roughly the same pace, I'd imagine it would take me roughly the same amount of time. There are additional difficulties, such as a Hard Mode (makes bosses kinda harder maybe), Ironman mode and a mode where you can't roll. Suffice to say, if you're one of those people who only likes playing a game once, you may wanna steer clear of this game until a sale.Now, let's stop gabbing on about the length of the game and talk about what the game has to offer. Whether or not the second word of this game's title being ""Souls"" was an allusion to the series of a similar moniker is unknown to me, but despite this, it's much better to compare this game to Shadow of the Colossus, as much like Shadow of the Colossus, this game is ""Boss Rush: The game."" There's a bunch of bosses that you have to fight (around 19 as I was last informed), you run around a map roughly half the size of the overworld in Legend of Zelda: Link's Awakening, solve a couple of puzzles on the overworld, and that's about it. Unfortunately, the overworld for this game never gave me the same sense of wonder and adventure that SotC gave me. While this is subjective, of course, the overworld looks empty and desolate in a kinda bland way.Combat is two buttons: push A to roll (also, I'll be assuming you are gonna use a 360 controller for this, as it or a PS4 controller is HIGHLY recommended), hold A to run, hold X to charge an arrow shot, hold X after shooting to recall your arrow and that's your lot for controls. I really don't understand the point of not running all the time, as walking seems to be entirely useless, and could just as easily be assigned to partial pushes of the analog stick. There's also no consequence to running all the time, unlike in the Souls series, so it just feels unnecessary. You can aim your arrow in any direction you want, which is why you really want to use a controller for this game.As mentioned earlier, I've only fought 13/19 bosses, and for the most part they're pretty well designed (except for a certain Knight which would be pretty rad if not for one really dumb bit of artificial difficulty). These bosses are really where the puzzle elements of this game come to light, as most bosses have some form of puzzle solving to them. Some are pure execution, but others do require a bit of brainpower. You die in one hit in this game, but so does the boss. While this does make finding the solution satisfying, actually beating the bosses feels pretty shallow in the long run. It's about 10-30 seconds of intensity and it's over. There's no gravitas to the bosses, and I think that's my biggest problem with the game.It's because of this that I've looked at Titan Souls in my library over the past few days, thought about playing it, then went to play something else. There's no meat to the game; it's all surface layer, at least as far as the main playthrough is concerned. This game isn't a bad couple of hours; it just lacks some panache, is all. 7/10.Story: Something about souls or whatever i dunno symbolism or stuff. I guess I'm too much of a plebian or something, but I really couldn't find any story worth talking about here. As such, I'm not going to.Graphics: The detail in the pixel art is quite nice, and I can certainly admire the effort put into this game's art. However, 2D pixel art doesn't do a very good job at making big worlds feel big, I've found. Because of this, long stretches of land just feel dull and lifeless, especially with some cliff faces meant to look big actually looking kinda silly with how long the texture stretches on for. Boss design is pretty neat, but one thing that I don't understand is why some bosses are rendered as sprites and others as 3D models. Well, I should say that I get why from a gameplay perspective that some bosses are 3D models, but I don't think it fits too well with the graphical style that the game was trying to have in all the rest of the world. I think it would've been better if the team had gone either all bosses in 3D or all bosses still in 2D. As for the technical side of things, it runs fine, fullscreening to my native resolution of 1080p without any hassle. Nothing to complain about there. Overall, while I can admire the technical finesse of the art in this game, I feel that as for an overall style that this game is in some places lacking and in other places somewhat confused. 4/5.Sound: The soundtrack to this game is quite good, and I'd recommend giving it a listen outside of the game. Why outside of the game? The bosses will die too quickly for you to be able to hear the songs, unfortunately. While most of this game's OST has a basis in orchestra, it does branch out to some Dream Theater-esque progressive rock every now and then, which is always a nice change of pace. There's not any voice acting apart from Mister Fister yelling at you, so nothing to talk about here. Good showing on the sound portion of things; I just wish I had been able to hear a bit more of the soundtrack in game. 4/5.Overall scores are: 7/0/4/4; cumulative score of 7.5/10. Again, while I definitely did enjoy my time with the game, I just don't feel compelled to complete the rest of the game. Not that it's frustrating to play or anything; I just don't feel like exploring this world to a great deal of depth. Again, I could see a 100% playthrough taking about four hours, but once again the world just feels too flat for my tastes. For me, it's worth it on a sale, but otherwise the price does feel a bit steep given the amount of content."
76561197964576324,Recommended,297130,15362868,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,TreeEskimo,"Titan souls is a game about battling bosses. The only gameplay is fighting bosses and traversing the world to get from boss to boss. By cutting out all the fluff titan souls has created a richer experience at the cost of overall playtime. If you're looking for a long game then titan souls might not be the game for you as my first playthrough of the game took 3 hours. That being said I typically beat games in about half the time an average player would take (you can probably expect 4-6 hours of unique gameplay).Game length aside, I found the game to be really enjoyable. The controls are smooth and the gameplay is fluid. The environment looks great and the bosses attack patterns fit together with their respective aesthetics. Each boss battle felt like solving a puzzle. First I had to observe the bosses attack patterns and find out how to dodge them. Then I had to figure out their weakspots and devise an attack pattern that could exploit their respective weaknesses. Lastly I needed the execution to dodge the bosses attacks and successfully put my plan into action.On top of actually figuring out the boss fights there is an extra level of difficulty in figuring out the fastest way to kill the bosses. While some of the bosses had extremely dangerous attack patterns there was often a way to kill them in the first 10-15 seconds of the fight. While figuring out these quick kills was fun, I found the game to be slightly too easy when using them on some of the bosses. To counteract this there are achievements for each boss that often require you to not use a quick kill and they also add an extra level of challenge to the fight. If getting all the achievements isn't difficult enough for you, there are new game plus options which add even more difficulty to the game.While the game only took 3 hours for me to complete, I'll proabably spend another 5-10 hours trying to get all of the achievements and completing the new game plus modes that add extra difficulty to the game. This has been one of the most enjoyable games of 2015 so far and I'd recommend it to anyone who doesnt mind the shorter than average game length."
,Recommended,297130,15363880,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Shore Volker,"Its Hard, but I like it!"
,Recommended,297130,15417725,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,FtB,"Yes the game is enjoyable, although in between boss fights.  Well, lets just say that part isnt as interesting as the boss fights. I do recomend, but I have one question.Should we be expecting any updates with adittional content, or is this the extent of the game?"
,Recommended,297130,15420725,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,VersaceTornado,"It's fun if you're into this kind of thing, boss rush games, but they could have optimized this game immensely. If I have to walk back to the goddamn mushroom boss one more time I'm gonna shoot someone."
,Recommended,297130,15361215,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Joy Of PESI,Sweet jesus this game is amazing.Why are you reading this? You should be buying this game and playing the crap out of it.Challenging and frustrating in all the best ways. I happily welcome this game into my collection.Are you still reading this? You should be playing Titan Souls!
,Recommended,297130,15433375,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Lord Sanguis,This is what happens when Dark Souls and Shadow of the Collossus make sweet masochistic love and have an 8bit love child.
,Recommended,297130,15390181,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Feta Cheese Mess T.D.,"I absolutely love this game, I'm only 2 hours in right now, but everything from the sound to the gameplay is flawless. The pixel art really suits this game well and makes everything look beautiful, the music can go from a serene stroll to an absolute barrage of instruments either pushing you on or making you feel like the odds are against you. The one hit, one kill system for both the character and the enemies alike keeps things tense, and while it often can be extremely difficult, you slowly learn about how the bosses work and how to kill them, and it always feels like a boss can be defeated. I find this game most relateable to Shadow of the Colossus, given that it's entirely bosses that are Gosh Darn huge, and you feel the same sort of loneliness and beauty (although it's not as sad when each boss dies). The only problem I have with this game is that it makes me swear quite a bit, but, as of yet, I have not found anything else wrong with this gameIn Short: Brilliant sound and graphic design, gameplay is super fun and unique, lets me reminice about Shadow of the Colossus, makes me angrier than I'd like to admitEdit: I have since completed this game, and wouldn't like to change anything I said. All in all, it lasted me around 6 hours, however, with the extra challenges and the fact that I can now read the bosses' names, I'll definitely revisit this again. Also, in the final few stages of the game, there were times when I thought there was undue difficulty, but when the game is based in part off of Dark Souls, it's reasonable. All things considered, I would recommend the damn diddly out of this game until the end of existence.(P.S. My favourite Titan was the snow face with the laser fingers and ice teeth, and my favourite area was the forest)"
,Recommended,297130,15421384,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Tim 'YM' Johnson,"Highly recommended.Grab a controller, sity back and enjoy the punishment.Each fight is varied and unique. They're all simple enough to understand yet difficult to kill. Each follows their own pattern that has its own weaknesses, you just have to figure out what they are and exploit them.Beautiful art, wonderful mood. Highly recommended.I hear the keyboard controls are janky at best, so if you don't have a controller, this might not be a good purchase. With a DS4 it feels beautiful."
76561198005915501,Recommended,297130,15358962,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Player One,"Proving you dont need amazing graphics for a game to be enjoyable, I'm having a good time so far, I will update this review as I get further. So far though, worth my money. Gamepad HIGHLY recommendedUpdate 1:  Got the first achievement ""First Blood"" where I killed one of pieces of a titan from what I can tell, it was his body. With the difficulty factor of this game, every single kill will feel like a great success. This game is quite difficult right now and I love it.Update 2: Uploaded a first impression video with myself and Player Two giving commentary to the first few fights on YouTubehttps://www.youtube.com/user/HiddenLevelStart"
,Recommended,297130,15357894,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Gnator8t4,"Basically a pixelated version of Shadow of the Colossus. Oh, and there's a yeti with a pink butt.89%"
,Recommended,297130,15417484,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,fserb,I really enjoy titan souls. It's fun and challenging.
76561198149693123,Recommended,297130,15390924,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Mysteryhat,"The game is fun and a good mix between DS and Shadow of the colossus.It has a good combat system and the bosses are pretty creative.Nice realxing atmosphere combined with intense boss battles.Also the game lenght is based on your own skill.But I feel some bosses are a bit easy.. some of them I killed on my first try,and I am just a casual gamer. This can simply be solved by giving all bosses phases.Also I think the ending could've been so much moreI would recommend this, but some more content would'nt hurt.(7/10)"
,Recommended,297130,15395396,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,PleaseAndThanks,"Unless you plan to 100% the game like me it's hard to recomend it at full price since your first playthrough takes 3-5 hours.  But if you want to get a lot out of this game you can. There's 3 extra modes that are unlocked after you beat it once (Hard mode, Iron man, and No roll) which can be combined to be even harder. There's also a huge interest in speedrunning the game, the thread on SDA has been fairly active and there where a ton of runs of the demo.Either way this should be an insta-buy on sale and you should consider it at full price."
,Recommended,297130,15364874,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,-BloOm-,"Oh man this year is a treat for my weary gamer heart :DJust gave this a try, killed 5 bosses so far.If you love challenges on souls level you will love this game.Dont play if you do not own a game pad!"
,Recommended,297130,15472513,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,It's Dingle!,And you thought dark souls has hard. ha.
,Recommended,297130,15395495,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,CoffeeKnight,"Incredible game for thrill seekers, fans of Demon's/Dark Souls games, and fans of Shadow of the Collosus.It was a short playthrough but the artwork assets, the boss design and creativity, the soundtrack, and the rush were all worth the money."
76561198062303177,Recommended,297130,15413234,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,The Majikaal Potato,"I have played and finished the entire game including the secret final boss. This game was quite challenging in some respects, but after you figure out the algorithims of each Titan, you only need to find the right time to shoot your arrow or retract it and you have beaten the boss. I died about 290 times in this game, and almost gave up on playing the game anymore, but all you have to do is continue trying again and again, until you finally defeat the Titan. THIS GAME IS DARK SOULS+SHADOW OF THE COLOSSUS together, if you rage-quit a lot I suggest that you don't buy this game."
76561198025148070,Recommended,297130,15370602,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,EclipsedHusky,"Great game, challenging, and when you figure out the bosses you get that feeling of ""YEAH! I DID THAT!""And then you get to the last boss which is none of that at all. :( Honestly had to seek the forums on how to deal with the last boss, and the fact it was designed the way it is after all the fun and puzzle like bosses just made me a bit salty after I beat it.If you have 15 bucks and a few hours to dig into a game grab it!"
,Recommended,297130,15400446,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,fatsopanda,This game is loyal to the original idea from a Ludum Dare game jam and it's impressive that the developers didn't start building it into something more complex thus making the game completely something else from its origins. It's a difficult and a punishing game.
76561198083394376,Recommended,297130,15425252,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,lirenxn,"Remind me of Shadow of the Colossus, which I did not have the chance to play. A game with less plots but a scene tells mystery. Every titans is designed to be defeat in a specific way while player will be killed by just one hit. That makes the game unique and attractive. Like a work of art."
76561197969823836,Recommended,297130,15389280,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Scratch N' Sniff,"I don't like it because...imagine super meat boy but everytime you die you have to do 15-30 seconds of other stuff to try again.I find the gameplay really fun (fighting the monsters) but the inbetween stuff doesn't feel like gameplay or world building, it just feels like padding. It's not like shadows of the colossus where getting onto the monster is a part of it. Titan souls is just walking back to the room so you can try again.The actual gameplay is fun and challenging. Exactly what I wanted. Just too sparse. It doesn't make me want to play again."
,Recommended,297130,15392519,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Mr.Dappertorn,Titan Souls in my opinion is a masterpiece. It strings together simple yet elegant combat along with a solid and deep story told through little to no spoken world. While it does have a lack of content to an extenet its worth every penny. 10/10
,Recommended,297130,15412749,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,FleiBoy3,AWESOME!
,Recommended,297130,15404752,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,What The Funk [NGC],"If like me you didn’t have time to get even half way through anything from the Dark Souls series, this is a fantastic indie rendition with a lot of charm. It plays a bit like a long chain of Zelda link to the past boss fights in a great looking top down pixel world.It took me just under 4hours to complete (with secret boss) and was immensely satisfying.If you are strapped for cash it is a short experience (though for me worth it). I also wouldn’t go near this if you’re the sort of person that hates failure.I look forward to going back at some point to play through on hard mode."
76561198020479238,Recommended,297130,15362328,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Plebeian Bob,"One man, one arrow, one quest.Don't want this wall of text? Check out my Build-a-ReviewPros:_Pretty: Yes, I know, we're all sick of pixel art. I like it though, I think it looks really nice, with soft coloring and minimalistic style that makes the game seems both familiar and foreign at the same time. Great attention to details too, your character's breath will become vapors in cold area, for example._Sounds nice: Punchy sound effects when you loose your arrow, or when the bosses attack you. Good ambient as well. Also, the music is terrific, particularly boss fight music._Interesting gameplay: This is what makes this game all the money here. The game gives you one, ONE, arrow, and you have to kill every boss with it. The whole game then becomes a really heart pounding game of catch with yourself, where you find opportunity to loose an arrow, then go pick it up (or leave yourself open to call the arrow back to you), then find another opening; meanwhile, you're also dodging every attack coming out of the bosses AND trying to decipher their patterns and weaknesses. It's intense! There's no tricks here, no grinding, no stats, no help. Either you're good enough, or you're not._Difficult: It's real hard. Never unfair though._Boss Rush Mode all the time, and all the time Boss Rush Mode: It's all about fighting bosses, it's all about fighting really cool-looking bosses, it's all about fighting really cool-looking, well-designed bosses with devious, satisfying patterns that work in the exact way you'd think they'd logically work._Cool sense of style: The game seems to have a vision of what it wanted to be and went for it. The way the lights, the sounds and music kick in and time out are all impecable. Killing a boss, for example, will flood the screen with bright light and a stream of loud sounds, almost symbolic of the joy the player feels defeating a tough enemy. Then in a moment, it all drowns out. The player is left with a dim, color-muted room in total silence; mournful of what was once a worthy opponent... It's really cool, is what I'm trying to say.Cons:_Can be pretty bad in term of pacing: Listen, if you're designing a game that you KNOW will be difficult, design it with the least amount of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t possible. The player dies a whole lot in your game, so don't sit them through a loading screen, spawn them outside of the boss room, make them walk back inside, then sit them through another loading screen. Just spawn them in the boss room! Don't put in so much downtime in between the gameplay for no reason.Overall, is it worth $15? Despite my mini rant about the game's pacing there, I'd still whole-heartedly recommend this game. It's good! Simple, challenging, interesting and unique. It's pretty, too, which doesn't hurt."
,Recommended,297130,15452536,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Tokiw,"How would I describe this game in one word?Satisfying.This game is beautiful, difficult, and oh so satisfying.The enemies in this game (There's only bosses) are all 1 hit kills. While that sounds like it would be really easy, it's the fact that you have to figure out exactly where and when your shot needs to be taken.  Oftentimes you have less than a half second to make that call. Since the bosses are one hit kill, it makes it just SO satisfying to get that one shot that rings true, stopping the madness around you.  Every boss is unique and they all require creative thought on how to best approach them, or get them to reveal their weakness. While many of the bosses require you use their own attacks against them, that's only to open their weak point, where you then finish the job yourself.  Every kill feels earned, and (almost) every death feels fair.Pros:==========+Difficult+Beautiful Graphics+Awesome Music+Great Concept+Very crisp, yet simple controlsCons:==========-Some bosses are far away from spawn points, which can be frustrating for more difficult bosses because you have to walk all the way back every time-Fairly shortNitpicks:==========*The story is... Well, this is the kind of game where you make your own story up.  I feel like it could have easily been told in the transitional areas from boss to boss, but it wouldn't add or detract from gameplay.*There's a maze. Nobody likes mazes. (Here's a hint: Left Up Up, and Right Left Up)*Some of the boss doors are hidden. I never had to look at a guide, but I can see some of them being easily missed.*A map would be handy.All in all, I found this title to definitely be worth the asking price. I'm certain it will go on sale at some point in the future, so if you're unsure, buy it then. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,297130,15362971,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Kimau,"♥♥♥♥ing brilliant! No upgrades, dingbats or doodles just pure hard boss fights where everything has one hit point and you have one arrow."
,Recommended,297130,15384294,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,o shit waddup,"I have been waiting for the release of Titan Souls since the oringinal protype was put online, and I have to say that Titan Souls delivered in every aspect accept one... the game contains only two or three puzzles! I remember thinking about how the game could contain differnt puzzles to unlock different bosses, and I was dissapoitned to find that the puzzle method was only used once or twice. Overall, I think that  Titan Souls is an essential for anyone who wants a challenge in their games, however if you enjoy a good puzzle more than a fast paced boss-fight, then Titan Souls isn't the game for you."
76561198113236440,Recommended,297130,15365257,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,HDeati,"Great Game, Very Challenging!"
76561198027535176,Recommended,297130,15369273,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Ch33tah,"If you like the demo, this game is more of that. If you think the game's too easy, wait till you get to new game+."
76561198097170534,Recommended,297130,15407671,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Loki,Best Game of the year
,Recommended,297130,15409938,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Broq,Fun but still somethings missing like a real progression system 7/10
,Recommended,297130,15365421,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,1337 Ml of Pure Fry,"This game is awesome. It's esily the best game ive played this year, and the art style is pretty neat."
,Recommended,297130,15401145,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Clay,":o Well the game feels pretty much like one of the older Arcade games.Not only because of the Oldschool pixly graphics, but more because of the Advanced Difficulty.Nowdays alot games don't require much Skill anymore, but trading 1 for 1 Life (You against the Titan)is a battle that you can lose within the first 3 seconds or earlier if you're not aware enough.Also the game is pretty simple what makes it addicting. You have 1 Arrow, 1 Bow, and a Roll you can do.That's it.i would Titanly Recommend this.10/10 would die and respawn again."
,Recommended,297130,15365035,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,bLindiRL,This game is a work of art! Fantastic blend of souls games shadow of the colossus and legend of zelda.It looks sounds and plays fantastic its a must buy!
,Recommended,297130,15360796,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Nine,"8 Bit Shadow of the colossus, but harder.Im having gamepad issues, so my experience has been limited to keyboard.."
,Recommended,297130,15384410,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Citizen_Snips,I bought this for 13.50 and to be honest it's not worth that price for the content it holds. I do like the game itself as it is very pretty and damned hard. If there were to be some additional content then it would be worth the buy but right now I'd suggest holding on till it's cheaper . Music is solid and gameplay is great until the last boss which is sheer luck to beat.
,Recommended,297130,15468320,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Jamie Loves Dumb Cats,As if A Link To The Past suddenly lost all the parts between the boss fights. Titan Souls is a great game.
76561197964881567,Recommended,297130,15392218,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Tips Fedora,"This game is a combination of Shadow of the Colloses and Dark Souls. Its hard but fare with a great atmosphere. You definatly need a controller though, I couldn't imagine playing without one."
,Recommended,297130,15392952,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Vodish,"Enjoyed the game, too easy! What? There's not only 4 boss? let's go to the death!At the beggining I thought there was only 4 boss, or 5, with the 3 doors, the fourth, and the big♥♥♥♥♥door upstair, I was happy when I saw there was REALLY more than that to this game :DLove the music, love the graphics, love the gameplay, everything's cool.You just have to be patient and like difficulty."
76561198017693553,Recommended,297130,15371792,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,madmitch411,"Fantastic game, essentially a fusion of old school Zelda games and Shadow of the Colossus. Although it is a short game (took me about 3 1/2 hours to beat all of the bossesincluding the secret final boss) it felt like a massive adventure, very reminiscent of Shadow of the Colossus.The game has little to no story, with very few lines of actual text that keep you guessing as to what you're actually doing in this world.I kept thinking there would be some kind of closure after the secret final boss, but it just left me more confused. Enjoyed it, nonetheless.There are 4 unlockable modes in the game,hard mode, ironman mode, no run/dodge mode, and truth modesome of them make the game extremely difficult, but provide a great challenge for those who just cant get enough of the games grueling boss fights.Overall I'd rate Titan Souls 9/10. My only gripe being that it leaves me wanting to play more, but there's nothing left to do. I'll keep my fingers crossed for an expansion/sequel."
,Recommended,297130,15365665,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Ruptor Tempor,Hard? Yes. Beautiful pixel art? Yes. Fulfilling batles? Yes. Worth every penny? Definitely.
,Recommended,297130,15442093,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Sonny D,"This game was meant to be a PS4 game which was released simultaneously on PC.  With that in mind,I do not recommend buying this game if you do not have a controller!However, if you do have a controller, this game is extremely fun and frustrating at times.  It is rather short (I beat it in about 3 hours), but what the game lacks in length it makes up for in everything else.  The soundtrack is absolutely amazing, so if you have extre money to spare I also recommend buying the Collector's Edition."
,Recommended,297130,15444707,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Gamblore,"Game is pretty, fun, but not a strong recomendation. If you like figuring out the mechanics of boss fights in games check it out as there are not many games like this. Don't watch any Let's Plays on this game because you really don't want to know anything about the boss' mechanics, as figuring them out is the game.I feel they had a whole thing about making it a journey rather than a game you rush through. That isn't always great when most of the bosses you can figure out how to kill with very few deaths but it will still take you many more times to trick it into doing what you need it to do and then get the timing/control right. This leads you to taking long slow strolls (and rolls) to get back to the boss even after you know what you have to do. Also the placement of steps making it so you can't roll/run back to a boss sometimes is anoying because you know they did it on purpose to make you go slower.The world is pretty but when I finished the game I didn't expect it to be over, I kind of just explored my way to the ending while still missing a huge section of the world all together. It is hard to know how far you have progressed and what you haven't covered. The map in the special edition probably would have helped with that if I had that edition."
76561198035005610,Recommended,297130,15403483,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,lmurphy,"Brilliant fun if a bit short, Loved the graphics and music especially the forest reminded me of being young and playing Zelda Link to the Past! Boss fights are frustrating as hell but when you beat them you will be cheering in delight and rolling over their corpses!"
,Recommended,297130,15386439,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,squaллe,"Should you buy this? Yes. The combat is tight, the music is pleasant, the graphics are nice.The game is kind of short, I do have to admit, but its length mostly depends on your skill.Each boss has its own mechanic and certain tricks that your can use which is great.Achievements are proper, sometimes offering hints and even challenge during playthrough.There's a couple of modes for a more hardcore player, such as ""iron"" and ""no roll"" ones that really spice things up.Unfortunately, there is nothing else to do, but to fight titans, something that can put people off. I personally liked this straightforward approach.Bottom line - I say give it a try."
76561198123766477,Recommended,297130,15361754,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,tantaragla,Hard but fair and extremely enjoyable. Play this is you enjoy 'Shadow of the Collosus' or 'Dark Souls' or both.
76561198181685293,Recommended,297130,15366996,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,kazmir101,You get to do mushrooms and shoot a yeti in the♥♥♥♥♥10/10
,Recommended,297130,15392201,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Highway to Heaven,"I could write 5 paragraphs about how I don't recommend this game because it wasn't fleshed out or because I disagreed with some of the mechanics or because it didn't satisfy my autistic desires.But I paid $15 for it and it gave me something fun to do for (at least) a day, so I'd recommend it."
76561198076693905,Recommended,297130,15361224,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,NicePanini,"Shot a yeti in the butt, then ate it's soul10/10 buttsSeriously though, while this game is hard it's immensly satisfying. Since every boss battle requires an essentially perfect attempt, every win calls for a 'nailed it'.Its good basically :)"
,Recommended,297130,15388203,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Ajaxis,"Dude, this game?Totally rad.1 arrow/10"
,Recommended,297130,15368908,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Cynapse,"The good:-Gorgeous pixel graphics (some bosses are 3D as well)-Amazing atmosphere.-Music fits the mood-Gameplay is simple, yet takes lots of timing to beat any bosses.-Fair difficulty-Incredible boss design.-Exploration is enjoyableThe bad:-Lots of backtracking-Frustrating if your skill is not up to par with the game difficulty.-You will need to play bosses many times, dying to almost every attack before learning their patterns.-Mixture of 2D and 3D makes aiming difficultOverall, this is an amazingly solid game. Coming from Ludum Dare, nothing was compromised from the overall vision in the full release. Having put several hours into the original concept, this is still a very challenging game. Each boss is very unique, requiring different tactics to defeat them. It is a game where you will most likely play in bite-sized sessions due to needing a break from the difficulty. The controls are responsive, and I haven't had a death that seemed like it was the game's fault.My favorite part of this game is the atmosphere and music. It harkens back to the open, empy world from Shadow of the Colossus. With some imagination, each area tells a story. I thoroughly enjoy exploring the (though very small) world.It can get somewhat repetitive at times. When you die to a boss, and just want to restart at the door, the game will warp you back to your last save. These are not far from each boss area, so this is more a nitpick than anything.Another gripe I have is with the addition of 3D graphics on some bosses. With an orthographic game camera, it is difficult to pin point the exact location of weak points on some 3D bosses, or judge where projectiles will land.In any case, this game is a great experience. A test of skill and determination. I give it:Arbitrary_Score/10"
,Recommended,297130,15386387,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Best Friend,This game was designed by sadists.  I love it.
76561197964102247,Recommended,297130,15386853,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Mr. Toodles,Fun boss puzzle game its a tuffy
,Recommended,297130,15366004,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,johnny2by4,One arrow. Good to go.
,Recommended,297130,15363960,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Wesker Frank,"You can sprint, you can dive roll.You have a single Arrow.You have to defeat all the boss.1 Hit, you die.Goodluck.Amazing gameReally ♥♥♥♥ing hard.There is more or less 16 boss to defeat in a kinda open world map. You can defeat any boss in any order. Except for the first and the lasts.There is a few references to old games like Mario64 and ZeldaTook me 3:30h to beat it on normal I died 230 Times T.TYou unlock 3 other dificulty once you beat it.Any fan of Dark souls, Binding of Isaac or Shadow of the Colossus Should get this game."
,Recommended,297130,15370061,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Instygan,Just buy the game already
76561198140091371,Recommended,297130,15366154,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Zimzey,"""Oh, let's see what shooting this will do!"" *smoosh*If you're interested in looking at more gameplay, check out this video!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DWF0cuqA7nA"
,Recommended,297130,15383867,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Erotic Frankfurt,"Still just going slowly through this game but love it, the mechanics are simple enough, the OST is amazing, and each titan is very satisfying to kill."
,Recommended,297130,15395241,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,qwerm,"I was rather surprised to see all the bad reviews by people upset about this game; From the moment I heard about this game a few weeks before release, I haven't looked forward to a game this much since borderlands 2. all the 16 titans I had fought( apparently I missed a few during gameplay) had been designed wonderfully; As majestic as they are brutal and unrelenting, the moment you initiate a fight, they press hard and fast until it dies, or you become reduced to a sad smudge on the ground. that said, comparatively speaking this WAS a short game, though I will be attempting the extra modes later on( no roll mode looks awfully brutal).That said, I enjoyed this run overall, and hope that others who buy it, find sufficient enjoyment in this game as well."
,Recommended,297130,15441980,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Vinrafel,"Titan Souls... I'm still not sure how I feel about this game. I'll put a positive for now, because I think its pros outweight its cons.Video Review (my opinion has changed a bit since the episode):https://youtu.be/ELdJlq14HSYWhat is it?Titan Souls is a game about fighting giant bosses with only one arrow. Each boss has a particular weakness that you need to find and exploit. The gameplay is made to be difficult (similar to Dark Souls). Beating the bosses will be based upon your own skill (and luck) rather than your characters progression (which isn't actually a thing).So that's what it is. Why am I on the fence about the game? The main irksome part of the game is everything in between the bosses. The world (once you get past the first area) is MASSIVE. Travelling between two respawn points feels incredibly tedious.Then you get an even bigger issue. There is a forest section. It is a Lost Woods scenario. In other words, it is a maze that sends you back to the beginning if you go the wrong way. I found the first boss, and can't find the second. I don't see any reason that a section like this would be in the game. You do nothing but keep trying new paths (which will end up taking a long time). I left after about twenty minutes of searching for the second boss.I also have a smaller problem with the game. I feel like some of the weak spots on the bosses are far too obscure.One boss is the Titan Slayer, a giant guy who shoots arrows. The way to kill him is to shoot his arrow and then shoot him again. The Tell is that he goes XRay at the beginning of the fight (if you see it you'll understand). If you're in the wrong position you won't even see that (I didn't the first time, the screne was cut off). I also still havn't figured out what to do against the magma slime. I think it's to shoot it in the mouth, but there's no clear indication.Pros:-Difficult gameplay that is rewarding when you succeed.-Wide variety of bosses. Each of them is significantly different.-Responsive controls. That's very important for a game that relys on difficulty.-Lots of bosses. There are more than fifteen bosses (I'm pretty sure). You will spend quite a while beating them.Cons:-Massive empty world. Really, the only thing out there are a few obscure glyphs. It has no reason to be so large.-Lost Woods. See above.-The game never teaches you how to sprint. It's holding down the roll button. It really should have said something.-The game is clearly not made for the computer. It says that it is recommended that you play with a controller, and I very quickly foudn out why. It's very hard to aim with a keyboard. It's possible to do it, but a controller would be MUCH easier.Overall, I can't extatically recommend the game. If you want difficult boss fights, it will fit the bill on that mark. It is not a must have game, but it's not so terrible that I would warn you against it. I think you get the idea."
76561198044540030,Recommended,297130,15410192,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,hyliam,I love this game and I hate gamergate
,Recommended,297130,15369298,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Thee Under Brake,"A bit of Shadow of the Colossus, with the difficulty of Dark Souls, and a vibe of Fullmetal Alchemist."
,Recommended,297130,15366034,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Flence242,Hotline of the Colossus
,Recommended,297130,15371051,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Kyrandis,"Shoot an arrow, drag it back."
,Recommended,297130,15373115,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Ein,One of the best games
76561198047123592,Recommended,297130,15398494,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,CrazyTrex,The game is fun and interesting. The boss designs are pretty great. It does require a controller however especially on the last two bosses. Still a fun game and would recommend if you enjoy boss rushing with the progression being the knowledge that you get to go learn the next boss mechanics.
,Recommended,297130,15363190,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Theater Thug,Boss fighting simulator 2015
,Recommended,297130,15442678,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,EX咖哩棒,I like this game so much
,Recommended,297130,15452034,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,PrincessGumpy,"Not that far into this game.  It is Shadow of the Colossus meets retro art and fantastic music and atmosphere.  If you want hordes of enemies don't bother with this one, otherwise its a good pickup for the price."
,Recommended,297130,15459448,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,EUGENE V. DABS,It wears its inspiration on its sleeve but Titan Souls doesn't feel derivative of SOTC
,Recommended,297130,15461949,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,2/21/2013,Good game
,Recommended,297130,15357763,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,korefuji,i played. i died. i cried. 3 people watched me. i cried again.thanks avid nerve
,Recommended,297130,15460517,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,YoPacoWantSumTaco,If you like Dark Souls or Shadow of the Colossus then give this rewarding little indie game a try.
,Recommended,297130,15459396,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Nick,"I bought this game because TotalBiscuit is a whiny tool. 10/10, would purchase 12 more copies, easily."
,Recommended,297130,15406989,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Byoomer,I bought this game to spite Totalbiscut and as an added bonus the game is actually really good. 10/10
,Recommended,297130,30416934,Posted: 9 March,all,tetristank007,"Some people might say the Titan Souls is a failed attempt at a rouge-like game. I've heard stupid arguments on 2 sides saying it's either overwhelmingly hard, or even some saying it's far too easy.......cmon. I think this game achieves exactly what it went out to achieve, which is being a challenging and unique boss rush adventure. Now the one hit and DEAD mechanic is pretty cool at times, but for some boss battles it seems to turn a REALY epic fight into a VERY anticlimactic end which is the last thing you want in a game about epic fights. This is a minor problem though, as some of the boss battles are very creativly designed and leave you with a sence of achievment once the titan has fallen and you still stand victorious. Overall it's by no means a groundbreaking experience but it's still a fun game worth paying for in my opinion."
76561198032854822,Recommended,297130,17941796,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Soop,This is one of the hardest yet fair games I have played. It's all about fighting bosses. Everything dies in one hit including you. There is no upgrade system; you just have to get better and be better than the game. If you enjoy the souls series you will appriciate this game8.5/10
76561198023182671,Recommended,297130,17684518,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Beefitty,"I quite enjoyed this game.  At first I didn't know whether this was gonna be a game I can get into after simply watching the video on the store page, but then I noticed it had a demo download.  So I DL'd the demo played it and was like ""I could get into this.""  Bought the game later and played it at times like before heading off to work or before going to bed, so my progression was slow at first.  One day I decided to grind the game out.  When I pulled stupid moves that caused me to die, I couldn't help but laugh becuase it was just simply funny to die the way I did. after three and a half...ish hours I couldn't belive I had won.  Some titans were fun, some were too easy. but in the end I did enjoy the game on the first playthrough and will make another day to attempt the achievements I didn't get by accident on the first playthrough.   I don't see myself getting the 'beat the game in 20 min' achievement but perhaps another happy accident could happen.A friend later told me about how there was a supposed twitter fued between a developer and totalbiscuit and I was like ""who cares!?""  Outside opinions on a game from a reviewer doesn't appeal to me.  I can simply try it for myself and I'll either like it or dislike it.  But my homeboy is a TB fanboy for some reason and he said ""because TB doesnt like it and had a twitter fight with a developer is enough for me to not try it""  ok, Don't think for yourself there buddy.  I tried it I liked it and others will too.  Sure not every game is for everyone, I personally don't like too many shooter games but that doesn't mean I dislike the entire genre.  Some games win and some games lose and not all that win are based on high profile game reviewers. Its a lot like movie reviews.  Critics didn't like Boondock Saints but the public did. So all in all try for yourself and make your own decision."
76561198043552595,Recommended,297130,17687981,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,pickle_tickler,"Fun, interesting mechanics, had a blast fighting all the different titans. However, the game does not offer much more than that.  There is little in terms of story and not much replay value besides the different gamemodes and achievements. I would reccomend, but only if its on sale."
,Recommended,297130,19435917,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,T4l0n,"Challeging boss rush game, with an amazing atmosphere and art.Controls are great, minimal, essential and it just works.Some bosses are better than others, and the game is pretty short, but the overall quality is undeniable."
76561198058019460,Not Recommended,297130,30640392,Posted: 20 March,all,TheHighTomTitty,it tries to imitate many other games but fails in what made all of those games great
,Recommended,297130,19422821,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,EvHzll,"Titan Souls is a mix up between Dark Souls ""difficulty"" and the boss fighting element of Shadow of the Colossus. While it does succeed at being punishing, it feels like the creators missed the mark on making the boss fights themselves satisfying. It does feel nice to finally hit the mark on your target, however, the majority of the fighting feels like a big setup for the final shot. There's no slow progression towards beating individual bosses. You eventually figure out how to beat the boss and wait until the stars align for the right moment. This is especially apparent in a few Titan fights where the setup is the longest part of the fight. I did not feel like getting to the bosses was very long like others have expressed although I  feel like most of your time is spent doing this for some bosses.Overall the visuals are good for an 8-bit style game and the OST is excellent, especially in the fire level. However, the vague story and little explaination leaves more to be desired. It would have been nice to see some leveling up with the bow (range/attack speed) or the character (faster dodges) like there was in SotC. As for the gameplay, a controller is REQUIRED. The KB+Mouse controls are lazy and could have been made better to allow for more than 8 directions of movement and shooting.If you enjoy grinding away at bosses over and over then you should consider buying it when it goes on sale for $5 or less since the game is so short."
76561198074644085,Recommended,297130,19452258,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,AfroSpaceJesus,"Awesome game, very short, puzzling and thrilling at the same time!Plus it makes you feel warm inside when you down a boss!If you don't mind indie graphics and want to experience a unique adventure with no pesky mobs then this might be the game for you!"
76561198144952660,Recommended,297130,20296335,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,ArmyDefender,11/10 would die 214 times again to replay.
,Recommended,297130,20462616,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,TheJGits,Isometric shadow of the colossus.  Absolutely beautiful & wonderfully difficuilt.
,Recommended,297130,20457904,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,x_my_big_beefin_dong_x,"The great thing about this game is in it's simplicity, yet it's still very challenging. The world creation is beautiful, and the pixel graphics flow together extremely well in every environment. The gameplay is simple. It's a ton of boss fights. Imagine Shadow of the Collosus but with pixelated graphics and a top down 2D point of view. It's essentially what this game is. One cool thing about the game is, everything, EVERYTHING dies in one hit. Every boss has one weak point that you must find and exploit, and you can only get hit once before respawning. It's very fun and the boss fights are quite well designed."
,Recommended,297130,20456581,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,thegreatnanners,"The only downside to this game is the over world, everything else is fantastic."
76561198157432285,Recommended,297130,20509278,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,RifleKitty,Meh
,Recommended,297130,27451020,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Nikey9,It looks stunning and plays really well.You die a lot tho.
,Recommended,297130,27370801,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Matheus,"Incredible game. One goal, one arrow. Find out how to kill the next boss. Also, it has an incredible art, here goes my thumbs up."
,Recommended,297130,27371204,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,JeffBurnsRed,An amazing game with fantastic combat and atmosphere.
,Recommended,297130,27297297,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MR.BadassMCLee,"First boss: I die. Second Boss: I die. Third boss: I die. Fourth boss: I die... twice. Fifth Boss: shut up, I'm trying to kill this f**ker. Sixth boss: I die enough time to realise I'm not good at this. This game is good despite dying a lot."
,Recommended,297130,27331562,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,nufftalon,The game wastes no time in dishing out some punishment. It is awesome!
,Not Recommended,297130,27349599,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bran The Builder,"Do yourself a favor and play the excellent Dark Souls 3 or Hyper Light Drifter, both more fulfilling games with complex boss battles, more appealing environments and more rewarding gameplay."
,Not Recommended,297130,27383745,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,wzy,Its not really all that much likeDark Souls.
76561198065744751,Recommended,297130,27362505,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Jam-The-Valiant,"Titan Souls is ♥♥♥♥ing hard, but man isn't it beautiful! The world you traverse is just breath taking. Behind the many shards of plastic stuck to my monitor.. This game was crafted with heart and polished to perfection. No matter how many times I cried and begged to defeat each boss, I still love this game. BUY IT."
76561198062603268,Recommended,297130,26722345,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Weenie Hut senior,"Great game, takes  alittle time to get used to but feels like an iconic old game"
,Recommended,297130,26805700,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Syp,"The game is very hard. Some bosses don't have obvious weaknesses, and sometimes can be infuriatingly difficult. It is sort of difficult to play it with a keyboard but after a while, I got use to it. It was hard to figure out how to activate one of the bosses entirely. Despite all this, it's one of those games that gives you a very rewarding feeling when you finally do beat the boss"
,Recommended,297130,26847756,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,JEBEDIAAAAH,Dark souls 2D. Still a great game
76561198072786288,Recommended,297130,26927380,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,weaverr,"Such a sick game, hard as ♥♥♥♥ but very rewarding."
,Recommended,297130,26925151,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Noval,Get it
,Recommended,297130,26931020,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ξquailax,"This is a challenging game where one hit is all it takes to die. What I find fun about this is encountering a new boss, figuring out the pattern as once you beat them it feels satisfying.Although in my opinion the game is not worth the full price, it is still fun none the less. A controller is highly reccomended if you are thinking of getting this game."
,Recommended,297130,26980946,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Oda,Hard
,Recommended,297130,26913065,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Adsync,"A simple love/hate relationshipits so much fun, intill you get hit once and die, then have to run all the way back just to die again. Its probably because im just bad."
76561198115700824,Recommended,297130,26858409,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,mooshiimine,i loved this game it has a lot of felling and a great story
76561198062774489,Recommended,297130,26892564,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Slonn,Step 1 - DieStep 2 - DieStep 3 - DieStep 4 - DieStep 5 - Profit?????????
76561198025717459,Recommended,297130,24122927,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,MrBow,"Shadow of colossus but in 2d and only an Arrow... You die in 1 hit, but so do the bosses, if you figure how to kill them. The game is really hard (but not I wanna be the guy/boshy hard). I advise to not search on how to beat the bosses so It wont ruin the fun of beating them. Even the ""last"" fight. I can see this as something many people would dislike, considering how games these days are way too easy with the path pratically given to you, no discoveries and with health regeneration.The game itself is short, my first run I beat the final fightS in 2h49, but since there is an achievement to beat the game in under 20 minutes (including ""cutscenes""), if you master the game it's really fast.Overall, I really recomend it for people that know it's hard and commit to find out how to beat the game.The only flaw that I'll agree is the long walk after -frequently - dying to the bosses. There are checkpoints between areas, but still, you'll do plenty of walking."
,Recommended,297130,26974172,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Alantalan,super HD *u* y difilcultad XD
,Recommended,297130,27586264,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,yager0469,"Quite honestly one of the best indie games I've ever played, so difficult but so rewarding.Scratched the itch I had for a new Shadow of the Colossus"
76561198101212255,Recommended,297130,27634571,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Uber,kappa
76561198137047353,Recommended,297130,27807320,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,toreger.toreger,"Okay, let me just start out by saying that this is one of the best and most creative games I have played in a long time.- They have no minions, puzzles or even platforming in order to get to the bosses. Generally, this would make them anticlimactic, but a combination of the vast and beautiful world you travel through to get between them and the fact that you don't have to finish one boss before moving on to the next (which means you will clear out all the ones you find easy first, and be left with the ones which seems like an impossible challange).- You can figure out how to beat the bosses through a well balanced combination of logical deduction and trial & error.- After playing for an hour I suddenly managed a boss on my third try, and it felt incredibly satisfying, as I felt like I had actually become better over the past few battles.- No health bars means you don’t have to keep trying and trying to beat a boss even after you figured out how to hurt it (especially important in a game where you are supposed to die a few times). This put the focus on what the player want to do: figure out how to kill these gigant titans!- No extensive backtracking (since it’s open world) and no filler rooms with no real purpose, means that every single time you explore a new area, it’s exiting!- Different trace in the snow when you roll, rolling down stairs etc. (the devils in the details)Reading through the negative reviews was what drove me to leave this one, because far too many of the claims are invalid.- The few seconds it takes to get back into combat after respawning are strictly necessary to prevent the game to just feel like endlessly beating up the same guy. It is the very thing that make you feel the weight of having only one life. That you are fighting things that has a million different ways of killing you in a split second. In addition I would feel like I surrendered if I at any point spawned inside the boss room, but had to leave because I was tired of dying to the same titan. Now I just feel like I'm saving it for later!- If the world was full of people and objects to interact with, it would lose all it's impact. Anyone who has played shadow of the colossus will know what I mean. The feeling that this world is unchanging, and have been like this since times unknown requires that you don't find belongings of others all around the place. And the effect the lonelyness has on the mood of the game speaks for itself."
,Not Recommended,297130,27799198,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Oppenheimer Dinggeo,"I really liked the pixel art, the combat, and the actual boss design.I didn't like everything inbetween. There's a pretty big world with absolutely nothing in it. It basically serves only to make the walk between all the actual content longer. At least it's pretty. It still gets boring though, because you have to see it every time you die and have to walk back.Not worth $15. IMO try and get it on sale for under like $6"
76561198104804182,Recommended,297130,27881612,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Alipro,"You only fight bosses in this game  , i enjoyed fighting every boss.and you only have arrow as weapon , and dash as quick movementonly one hit for you to die , the same goes for the bosses :)you don't get any new ability through out the game - u have to improve ur game play to get going :Dif you r searching for a challenge , this game is for u ."
,Recommended,297130,27884111,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Golden_Pixel,Definitely one of my favorite games of all time I've beat the game many times and still having fun beating my previous time and death counter. Has a good challenge along with a story one can relate to.
,Recommended,297130,28026960,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Elsewhere,"It's a great game. The music and sounds are nice, and the artwork is beautiful. The map is larger than needed, especially when you can only move so fast, and there's only one hidden titan (and two somewhat covered ones) considering all the places you can go.It's also a major rage game and you'll quickly get tired of rolling back towards the titan. It's even worse if you want all the achievements because you'll have to play one-life mode. It'll also be way harder if you don't own a controller.This game made think a lot of Shadows of the Colossus and after I was finally done hating everything while playing it I went to back to play hard mode (best of luck to those of you play one-life mode)."
76561198156529123,Recommended,297130,28134646,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Alpha&Omega,"This game is worthy to be known as the pixel version of Shadow of the Colossus.I have 3 kills and 50 deaths in my first try, but the challange is what makes it fun.I would most definitely recommend this game.I only wish it had steam trading cards..."
,Recommended,297130,28139819,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,wbk,"Challenging, but in a good come back to it every now and again kind of way to make progress.  Maybe not a game for everyone though."
,Recommended,297130,28091575,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,A_Hurricane,One of the best 'david v goliath' type games I've ever played.
,Recommended,297130,28018162,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,WoodenArcher,I think that this game is ultimatley time consuming unless you are really good. I haven't beaten the game yet but I am pretty driven to do so by the epic bosses and the soundtrack that makes every fight feel more weighted. I would most definetly recommend this game to anyone that is seeking a challange.
76561198041583595,Recommended,297130,28069954,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,tedeybob (mad man),"I'm writing this review to get the steam badge on a game i nominated. Anyway the fact is out of all the games that a nominated for this or that award this one felt like it was the most unappreciated for how good it is so I'm writing the positive review for this one, I'd hope that shows people looking at this game that its a good one!"
,Recommended,297130,25197618,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Pennycook,"Dark Souls + Shadow of the Colossus = Titan SoulsThe core game mechanic is simple: you die in one hit, but bosses do too.  Actually finding out where a boss keeps its weak spot (and exactly how and when to hit it with your arrow) is another matter entirely.If you're up for a challenge and happy to play a game that has no problem killing you over and over and over again until you master it, this is one for you; if this sounds like hell, move along."
,Recommended,297130,25024145,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Taylix,A fun challenging game with slight hints of Shadow of the Colossus along with Legend of Zelda style bosses. A good buy for those that like a quick and fun challenge.
76561198138562486,Recommended,297130,25097694,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Oeke,"I want to make it clear that this is not a carefully constructed review, but more of a summary of what made my experience enjoyable versus what didin't.First of all: do NOT play this game if you are easily frustrated, and/or do not enjoy the process of trial & error and attack pattern memorization involved in beating a very tough boss.Now, the positives:+ A unique and responsive one-hit-kill combat+ Very detailed pixel art (especially when it comes to the enemies)+ Nice alternance between calm moments of exploration and frenetic boss battles+ Good variety in both the appearence and the attack patterns of the bosses+ Hidden secrets around the world that, while being few in number, provide clues in regards to the lore of the game+ The possibility of completing the game without killing every boss (allowing more casual players to avoid the toughest fights), while rewarding those who do complete all the bossfights with a special secret at the end of the gameThe negatives:- The deliberate difficulty of the bosses, together with the amount of time required to travel from the checkpoints to the boss arenas, make the frequent deaths a frustrating recurrence- The game areas outisde of the boss arenas are completely empty (the bosses being the only type of enemy encountered in the game), thus making the time spent traveling from a group of bosses to the next little more than a scenic route through deserted enviromentsThe subjectives (these are elements of the game the enjoyment of which is highly subjective):= The game has both lore and a story, although they are more 'hinted at' than told in a classical manner most of the time, which might displease those seeking for a story-heavy adventure= The bosses are extremely difficult to beat, and while learning their weaknesses and using them to achieve victory fills the player with satisfaction, the process of trial and error through which this victory is obtained is a very frustrating one= Both the player and the bosses have a single health point and will die in one hit (do keep in mind, however, that most bosses have to either be hit at a specific weak point or posess multiple stages), this makes the combat more tense and adrenalinic, but also means that a single mistake can lead to a failed attemptThese are my considerations on the game, and even though subjective, i hope they will be helpful."
,Recommended,297130,25020937,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Sessh,"This game is absolutely amazing. If you're a fan of Shadow of the Colossus then you will definitely want to give this game a shot. You start off as a dude with a bow with no instructions from the game on what to do. After walking through a very small tutorial area, you're already fighting the first boss. There's no trash mobs in the way or dialogue telling you why you want to fight this boss, just the fact that you're there is enough.The first boss is also a great introduction to the game at a very fair difficulty. When you die to a boss, you go back to your checkpoint which isn't right outside the boss room, but far away enough for you to think about how you want to try to beat the boss on your next try. Every boss has very different mechanics but all have the same objective: find out the weak point and kill the boss with one shot. There was no point where I thought my death to a boss was the game's fault. There is a little trial and error at the very start of boss fights but as you progress through the game, you get a better feel as to how to approach every boss.My first playthrough on normal took about 45 minutes and the learning process of the game felt great. Rolling has a slight delay in between rolls so you can't just mindlessly roll out of the way of bosses. One of my only complaints with the game is the small amount of time that you need to hold down the ""shoot"" button before an arrow will actually fire. This issue also didn't really arise until my hard mode playthrough. Hard mode feels really good while you are going through it. You can no longer luck your way to defeating a boss. Every boss that I fought I needed to have a deliberate strategy and then execute that strategy perfectly. The true final boss on hard mode took almost an hour and was extremely satisfying once I was able to beat it.The story of the game is told in a very unique way and is surprisingly deep for how short the game can be. Overall this game smashed any expectations I had going into it and it was a pleasure. I'd recommend this game to anyone who is a gamer for a few hours of an amazing experience.Pros:-Beautiful pixel art that gives every area and enemy a unique feel-Combat feels great and all mistakes feel like your own rather than the games-Exploration in between bosses is perfect. Not too long but not too short.-Great replayability with Hard mode offering a great challenge and Iron mode for the true fans of the game.-Music is really atmospheric and adds to the overall experience. Sound design was perfect as well.-Achievements are actual achievements rather than ones that you would receive for playing through the game normally, e.g. Defeat a boss in a certain way.Cons:None"
76561198044022304,Recommended,297130,25172097,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,cancer,harder than dark souls 3
,Recommended,297130,24803945,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Censored Hentai,Dark Souls v5.0
,Recommended,297130,24870315,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Common Stockboy [THOD],"Very simple, and very fun. I've been chipping away at it a few minutes at a time for a while now. It is brutally difficult, but by breaking up my sesions I've still been able to enjoy it. I personally would have liked if there was more emphasis on ""solving"" the bosses rather than tricky execution of tactics, but it's a fun one all the same."
76561198084021005,Recommended,297130,24801463,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Adored Kat,This game has a few flaws as people say BUT the game is still fun & feels great whenever you defeat a boss. I recomend to get this game while its on sale. The game feels too short for $15.
,Not Recommended,297130,26585763,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Michael Macmanus,If you're itching for a low-rent Shadow of the Colossus meets low-rent Hyper Light Drifter this is your dream come true.Otherwise ... meh.
,Recommended,297130,26592200,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Retired? | Kernel,"5/10. Good for a quick run-through, but it lacks depth. Marketed like Dark Souls, but lacks most of the Souls series elements because of linearity and lack of choices."
76561198142287694,Not Recommended,297130,26615885,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,The Kvass King,Not worth it beat it in 4 hours really overpriced do not get it
76561198131846357,Recommended,297130,26611105,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Wonderplum,Enjoyable game. Nice artistic styling and fun gameplay. Can become slightly repetitive or tedious at certain points. Would recommend to those who enjoy a challenge.
,Not Recommended,297130,26570220,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,CoasterCraft Gold,"Beat the first three bosses, got stuck on the fourth, didn't enjoy any of them."
,Recommended,297130,27965535,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,TastyCarcass,"Very fun and good boss fights, but I think it suffers a little bit by putting artistic choices in front of gameplay.The biggest one being having to walk all the way back for each fight. Would love an option to turn this off, since it just gets tiring.I respect that 'tiring' can be a deliberate artistic choice, but I don't think that the game as an art piece really works, other than the visuals. The lore that takes a while to do and completely rips off Shadow of the Collosus, so I wasn't too interested in it. I don't think games should be unpredictable for the sake of it, but I didn't find it engaging.Last boss is bs btw lol"
76561198122550289,Recommended,297130,28088699,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,JaxBox,"Great game for players who are veterans when it comes to gaming. This game packs quite a punch and it will satisfy you after each challenge you beat.If you plan on buying this game, don't if...- You are new to games in general, this is a VERY CHALLENGING game!- You easily get frustrated and angry- You don't have a working controller that will connect to your PC (Trust me on this one, I've beaten the game twice with just using the WASD keys to aim and it's pure hell!)- You hate challenging games.Overall, I loved this game! It made me get off my computer for a break and made me come back again to keep trying to beat it over and over. It has some fantastic artwork and a very cool concept for a game. There is no story, but it has plenty of room for theories. Definitely one of my favorite games."
76561198039021312,Recommended,297130,27735634,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ago339,"im loving this game.im a terrible gamer, let me begin with that. so all these bosses, including the first ones, are insanely hard for me.that being said, despite the one hit kill of your character, and the fact that you only get the one arrow which you need to call back to you or pick back up after every time you fire it, i love this game.its boss fight after boss fight, and games that are specificly a series of unique bosses getting hard and harder is exactly my kind of adventure.so on the one hand if you like unique, and challanging bosses, a pixel 2d world, and a main character who only gts one health and a unique magical tool that you constantly need to think how to apply it, in the best way possible for each situation, being carefull to pick your moments, you will love it.however if you dont like a game with nothing but bosses, a main character with one health and one uniquely complicated way to fight the bosses, and/or a 2d pixel inviroment, this is not for you.personally i think the price is a bit much, but given the level of detail in the designs, i feel like the creator deserves the cash."
,Recommended,297130,27737091,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,isfos,"The game is simple: one arrow, one shot, one target, don't miss. An elegant and captivating journey that bounces back and forth between calm serenity and intense action."
,Recommended,297130,27713579,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,BEASTFREAK,This game is great and VERY HARD. I highly recommend using a controler becuase it's even harder with a keyboard.
76561197979971176,Recommended,297130,27712072,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Russia,"Extremely difficult, but totally beatable, and makes for a short enjoyable little adventure with beautiful music."
76561198061128977,Recommended,297130,27867717,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Dark Matter The Death Incarnate,I will admit I like this game. I will admit this is a good game and finally I will admit that I shall use all my time to beat this game.
76561198047113920,Recommended,297130,27757437,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Fupa,"Great game, beautiful art and the soul of shadow of the colossus."
,Recommended,297130,27746008,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,SpecTec,"I wasn't expecting this game to be anything special when I first got it. I saw it in my Steam Queue and thought it looked neat was all. But when I started playing it I soon realized just how amazing this game really is. For days I obsessed over clearing the bosses, each with their very own unique style. And when I cleared the game I felt satisfied, but not put out. I continue to come back to this game and try my hand at some bosses because they are all so well-made. If you are on the fence about buying this game I can tell you right now, GET IT! You will not reegret your decision!"
,Recommended,297130,27909707,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Scumbot Prime_,Actually incredible
,Recommended,297130,27906566,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Tudumanu,Pickup while it's on sale! Is a game focused on boss battles... expect to die a LOT! Kknow how to defeat the boss and execute the final blow. This is it.
,Recommended,297130,28356902,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,TripleHelix935,Ultimately not a bad game but the frustraing mechanics would probably put off most people so i would suggest trying it out through some other means before buying or mess around with demo if you want.also not cool about how the dev reacted to totalbiscuit not wanting to play his game but don't tlet that stop you if you had any thought of playing this
,Recommended,297130,33542045,Posted: 14 July,all,Ikoroshia,"I can't understand recent reviews hating on the fact of dying in order to advance in this game.It's necessary to experiment on how you can engage on the weak spots of the variety of the bosses in the world.I'll admit that it can be somewhat frustrating if you walk into the boss room and are instantly one shotted due to a hit.But you get that awesome relief when you fought for a long time, dodging, maneuvering your arrow and are finally able to hit the weak spot. Especially if you're are hunting the ridiculous achievements this game serves you.""Maneuvering the arrow"" brings me to the unique gameplay this game offers.You have one arrow that you can shoot and pull back to you. That's it. Then throw the roll mechanic in and it's up to you if you beat the game (Maybe by Luck) or ragequit it.If you like ""hard"" indie games give it a try.-Beated it one time"
,Recommended,297130,33577973,Posted: 15 July,all,jamonjamonja,Titan souls is a fun game and I like the mixture of reflex with figuring out how each boss works.  That said don't get this game if you don't have much patience.  it can take longer to walk back to the titans than to die to the titans.  Also it is DIFFICULT.  I haven't even tried hard mode and I died 266 times beating the game.
76561198120597552,Recommended,297130,21068840,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Toothpaste,Dark Souls for people with not-so-good graphics cards.
76561198061191725,Recommended,297130,29412540,Posted: 21 January,all,🐾Knot A Gay Fox,"Easy to play, hard to master"
,Recommended,297130,29080297,Posted: 6 January,all,Frygar,"Okay as a flash game it's an amazingly detailed homage to it's parent game, Shadow of the Colossus. And it's incredible that it was made in a couple of days. The overall tone is very reminicent, the overworld is completely safe so the action only happens in the titular Titan arenas, giving a wonderful sense of flow. I would compleatly recomend it as a shining example of flash game development.As an 18 New Zealand dollar game it's a bit too big for it's boots. It would be very ignorant of me to say no effort went into the port to steam, As the flash version is literally the tutorial level, meaning four bosses. The full version has 19 total and a reasonablely large open world. But there are two fatal flaws with this game.The first is Aiming. See your character can only aim in the eight cardinal directions, and all of the bosses move in complex patterns. I can see why they had to have the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ aiming while coding for the flash game competition, they had like a week. But when selling your game to a PC audience, I can't fathom why you wouldn't aim with the mouse. And don't give me ""how are you going to press the other keys when your hand on the mouse"" because this game has six input keys total. (Moving is assigned to the 4 arrow keys, dodging and shooting are assigned to X C respectivly) so the game could be on the WASD keys and the mouse, right click to dodge, left click to shoot. And while we're on controls, not sure why we can't remap our keys, Acid Nerve, or why doesn't our charcater doesn't run automatically. Did you think the game was going to be too easy if we weren't holding down a key constantly?The second flaw is just plain content. There is literally nothing to do besides fight Titans. Shadow of the collosus was a bit light on sidequests, but what little there was gave you motivation to explore the beautyful scenery. In Titan Souls however, you'll be exactly as strong when you finish the game as when you started it, there aren't even aestetic changes. And because there's nothing else to do you can't just stop fighting the giant monster and go have a break to eat lizards and climb trees, because there's no reason to be anywhere but slamming your head against the current monster of the hour. There's just no vent to the fustration.I can appreciate that the developers wanted to go for a minamilistic interface, having no menu screen adds to the impression that our hero really is just walking into battle with naught but the clothes on his back. But the side content doesn't really need to apear via menu, I would of suggested things like solving a puzzle that unlocks a path to a seceret titan and killing it, you get a bow that draws faster or somthing. Maybe a shirt that changes the dodging animation. Something man.There are some other issues, not really deal breakers on their own but coupled with the two above and all togeather they weigh heavily on the experience, like eating an entire cake before intercource. The save points are pretty crappily placed, taking between 30 seconds and 3 mintues between respawn and fight, which could of been fixed fairly easily by just restarting outside the boss room. It doesn't add to the experience to have to go bushwalking everytime I get crushed Acid Nerve. Actually I do have to give credit to the developers for this next bit, because this is the first example of mixing 2D and 3D sprites/models i've seen that doesn't look like complete♥♥♥♥♥ Good job. But the problem is the 3D bosses often employ attacks in the 3D plane that land in the 2D plane, which messes with your perspective and makes them really hard to avoid. To fix this issue i'd recomend making it more clear where their attacks are going to land, better use of shadows and a longer windup would help.And lastly the story is kind of taking the♥♥♥♥♥♥ Apparently the reason you're attacking these titans is because your character needs to become stronger for some reason, and eating the souls of somthing called ""titan"" sounds a lot more effective than his current gym membership. But because your character never gains any new abilitys or skills or improves in any way it comes off as completely phoned in. Could of been easily fixed by aquiring new abilitys/skills that advance gameplay as you play.The reason this reveiw has been structured so every problem iv'e broght up i have also written a solution, (almost as if to offer some kind of constructive critisism) is because this feels like an early access game. Like they're in the middle of porting the flash version, so they worked out the map and bosses but are currently working on side content and mouse suport. But this is apparently a finished product. I'd recomend getting it on sale though, becuase despite the past 5 paragraphs of distain, it does a really good gob with the actual boss fights, the arrow mechanic is fun, I even sort of like how you die in one hit because it adds a lot of tention to combat, and everytime a titan dies you eat it's soul knowing you dodged all of it's attacks flawlessly. The open world feels big, and the soundtrack is amazing. it does do a lot of things right, but sadly is brought down by lazy design."
76561198213387056,Recommended,297130,29546214,Posted: 28 January,all,Nairiel,It's all boss fights and it's really difficult but it's so goodI think it has good atmosphere and the controls are overall very simple and alright
,Recommended,297130,29345500,Posted: 18 January,all,brunoarriva,"Giant bosses and only one arrow. One hit, one kill.It's beautiful, fun and very difficult.Dying a lot can get you a little frustrated (or angry)."
76561198205884391,Recommended,297130,29973295,Posted: 16 February,all,makitstop,this game looks greatbut its near inpossible to play unless you get a controller for your cpuso...play it if you have one butonly if you have one
,Recommended,297130,29896230,Posted: 13 February,all,Sir Zachary,"Really atmospheric, and respectful of the player and the game's rules. The music is phenomenal. Every fight feels responsive and within your control. You may die in a single hit, but every boss has a vital spot that'll kill them just as quickly. Sometimes it takes intense timing, aim, and critical thinking to reveal the vital spot, but it'd be little more than target practice else-wise.  The game takes a very reserved route in terms of a narrative, but with understandable mechanics, gorgeous atmosphere (both aurally and visually) it isn't lacking because of it. In fact, I think it adds to the overall experience. Just like you teach yourself how to defeat the bosses, you piece together the game's world with the things you notice scattered around the explorable areas.I've gone through one playthrough, and am looking forward to my next one or few, to see what else is in store. On a side note I really, really enjoyed the ""lost woods"" area, which used space with joyful abandon, throwing my generally analytical thought process for a loop.If you're into difficult games with tight rules and glorious atmosphere, this game may be for you!"
76561198077355156,Recommended,297130,29120038,Posted: 8 January,all,Jokemasta,Fun and difficult game i love it and achievments are the perfect mixture of hard and satisfying
,Recommended,297130,28941765,Posted: 2 January,all,Adam,"You know what? I feel like taking on another effin' titan.This is trial-and-error, pixel art, Shadow of The Colossus. You find yourself in a vast, overgrown, lonely world, filled with doors leading to ancient lairs, caverns and arenas. The titans are passive, ignoring you until you strike them - they just live here dude, you're the one with the mysterious quest. Once angry, though, they'll kill you in under a second if you don't start running. Ninety-degree angles! Ninety-degree angles! OH GOD WHAT'S IT DOING NOW *dead*The controls are difficult at first, but you're on this quest on this world's terms, not yours. You only have the one arrow, and once loosed, the fire button makes you stand still while it flies back to your hand. You'll need practice, adventurer.The genius of this game is in the titans' weak spots. With a little caution and observation, you'll quickly figure out what you should be aiming for. And if you can manoeuvre around these gigantic death machines, into that golden window of opportunity, and fire that one - good - shot... there's nothing like it. The game gives you a badass moment to rip your arrow back, and it's all over. Against all odds, you are the champion.Being just the environment and boss battles, this game perfectly condenses these moments into ten-minute plays - relaxation and mystery, and then when you're ready, chaos, overwhelming force, confusion... then inspiration, determination, and finally awesome success. Well worth your money, especially on sale!"
76561198355251988,Recommended,297130,28979791,Posted: 3 January,all,Dustin20,"Titan Souls requires a lot of patience and determination to repeatedly try again after dieing over and over. I felt a sense of accomplishment after defeating most bosses, however there were a few that left me feeling more lucky than accomplished. Once I found my rhythm I did not want to stop.  The mood, atmosphere, aforementioned sense of accomplishment, and curiosity of what was next kept me engrossed in the game and driving forward.I enjoyed this game a lot and would recommend it to certain people, however the frequent deaths and high difficulty of Titan Souls makes it hard to recommend to everyone.(Played on Windows 10; experienced 1 crash but all my data saved; overall the game ran very well.)"
76561198157150206,Recommended,297130,28996184,Posted: 3 January,all,W0LF,"Pixelized Dark SoulsI have a love/hate relationship with this game. My friend showed it to me a while ago, and I baught it in an instant descision. I do not regret it. Here's why:Pros:-Brutally Hard GameplayI honestly love this type of style, although this may be different for other people.-Awesome Pixel ArtPixel art hits a soft spot for me. I love making it but could never make something as good as this.-Well-Designed BossesThe looks as well as coding for each boss is very well thought out. Good job Acid Nerve!-Cool Special EffectsAfter each boss a cutscene plays, which left me almost speechless when I first saw it (a little hyperbole but it was pretty cool though)Cons:-Brutally Hard GameplayI don't personally mind this, but just a warning.-PlotI haven't finished the game yet, but so far the plot has been less than amazing.Overall: 8/10Strong gameplay and cool graphics, but an improved plot would bump up the score. W0LF, signing off."
,Recommended,297130,28948418,Posted: 2 January,all,Air For Free,"This game is hard. You will die. A lot.BUT if that's something that inspires you rather than deters you, then this game is well worth it. The art design is beautiful as well as the music. It's nice to look at while walking around in the world. The mechanic of one arrow, one life is cool and well utilized in the fights, but it is not by any means easy. It took me many tries to defeat each boss, but GOODNESS GRAVY is it satisfying when you finally get them.The only problem that I had with the game was the respawn locations. I would've rather spawned right outside the boss I had just lost to so I could instantly retry.Also there's a mushroom that causes you to trip. Don't do drugs kids.7/10"
76561198105847641,Not Recommended,297130,29043861,Posted: 5 January,all,King Beef,"I bought this game right after playing Jotun, so i was  in the mood for another boss rush game. While this is that, it fell flat for me. The general idea is tthat in this game both you and the bosses go down in one hit. This usually means that you have to hit them once in some weak spot while dodging their attacks. this means that in mostt cases, boss fights consist of learning one movement pattern and lining up a shot in the split second window. It feels more like a practiced routine than a epic fight, especially since they are mostly done within 30 seconds.In summary, while it is a solid game with a interesting idea it doesn't feel like a epic boss rush fight, but a row of resit tests."
,Recommended,297130,29266533,Posted: 14 January,all,Handlessman,"Great bosses, pixel art and gameplay. The soundtrack is really well done as well.Very simple game about trial and error. The controls are good for the most part.The rolling feels like it lags a bit, but other than that, if you like Shadow of the Colossus or Dark Souls you'll probably like this game."
76561198032348675,Recommended,297130,28640976,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,steffenbk1,"Super fun, and beautiful artstyle. For such a low price now during the winter sale. It is a must have. If you like challenging boss battles"
,Recommended,297130,30232530,Posted: 27 February,all,GieTech,How fun it was to kill a gorilla ice monster by aiming at his♥♥♥♥♥♥..8/10 poking eyes aint funny.
,Recommended,297130,27899002,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Roadman Shaq,WHHAAAA 8-BITS = TO MANY BITS
,Recommended,297130,26840463,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,8042,The ''Increased Your Suicidal Tendencies'' Award
,Recommended,297130,23963190,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,pineapple,i like to kill titan
,Recommended,297130,30344650,Posted: 5 March,all,Klef McFarlin,This game is really cool and REALLY ♥♥♥♥ing hard... get it and see if you can beat it... and once you beat it see if you can beat it with few to no deaths... good luck ;)
76561198053942148,Not Recommended,297130,31508505,Posted: 2 May,all,Cockatiel,"Controls. They suck! You use the arrow keys to walk around, and c and X to roll and fire the bow and arrow.But because you have to use the arrow keys to both aim and walk around, you are limited to eight directions. But the many of the monsters in the game are designed in such a way that it is very difficult to get lucky, and be in the right place and time to hit a weakpoint in the second it shows itself.This issue isn't really present in the first couple of bosses, you fight four first, then the game world opens up a bit. But eventually it starts to become a serious problem.You can't even rebind keys, so if you don't like arrow keys and X and C, then you're sol.They could have fixed most of the issue by freezing/slowing time when you hold C to draw the arrow, then letting you use the arrow keys to rotate the aim, instead of just using the eight basic directions.The game itself is fun, but since it controls so poorly, it's really hard to reccomend."
,Not Recommended,297130,31853059,Posted: 19 May,all,Warnerrr,"This game could be fun if the controls were tighter, and not quite so...I dunno, floppy? I can't find the right word to describe the controls other than that. You have to stand stock still to retrieve your arrow, unless you want to run over to it, which is incredibly tedious. Dying means you have to do the boring 10-20 second walk back over to the boss you want to fight again, and once you finally manage to defeat it, you now have a similar length, but different path to walk to fight/die/fight/die/fight/die (repeat ad nauseam) against the next boss. Requested a refund in less than 1 hour. I know there are die hard fans who are gonna come through and say I am an idiot/jackass for posting a negative review about this game, but sorry, it's just not fun."
,Recommended,297130,31853447,Posted: 19 May,all,Lucas,"Has a unique concept, interesting art style, and is very challenging (sometimes too challenging).9/10"
,Recommended,297130,31860435,Posted: 20 May,all,amontiellomusic,"This game is somewhat the closest thing you'll ever see to a pixelated version of Shadows of the Colosus. It's a pretty epic game, with beautiful design all around. As far as the bosses are, they are quite tough and challenging, but can be beaten if you find a way to outsmart them or if you're fast enough.I'll give it a solid 9/10 or so, but I STRONGLY recommend using a controller. They have a message on startup that says it's recommended....believe me, it's one of those games where it's in your best interest to connect a PS3 controller or something."
,Not Recommended,297130,31898967,Posted: 22 May,all,Octavius Rex,This game is just trial and error. Just not fun to play for my liking.
,Not Recommended,297130,31907020,Posted: 22 May,all,Jerry Seinfeld,"+ The game is challenging+ The art-style is well chosen, considering the developers did not have enough resources(Oh boy, here we go...)- The game gives you absolutely NO incentive whatsoever to do what you do. A:""Hey, go kill some big guys and take their souls"" B:""Why tho?""A:""Just doo eet"" B:""...OK"".- They take the word Titan, divine beings, and use it in the sense of them just being some big dudes with a single red weakspot on them. Although I wanted to finish what I started, I felt sorry for the ""Titans"" because I was not given any reason to kill them.- There is a very unhealthy amount of lack of information in the game. Yes, that bonfire-thingy revives me and shows me the amount and general direction of the bosses, but whats the point of the journey if there is nothing left to see after the first run? Since there are only bosses, and there is no lore given, I might as well just spawn right next to the door to the boss, otherwise its literary a waste of time to run the same path over and over and over again. And what's up with those names and titles of them? Some kind of gibberish because the developers couldn't think of anything better to write? You want me to fill the blanks you left there, maybe because of incompetence, or look up some fan-fiction to give those ""Titans"" life?- Minimalistic gameplay is good, but it's not done well here. Rolling and running are one button, which seems good, but the way it's been treated, you will ALWAYS roll before running. Its not tap=roll and hold=run, but press and keep holding. I've played with the controller, and even though you are given multiple keys for the run and shoot commands, you can't roll while running (i.e. hold one button to run and tap the other while running). It's a dumb and senseless impairment of the players capabilities. It was already frustrating enough that your arrow won't come back because it gets somehow stuck behind the boss and you have to run around to get it or just die to do it all over again.- I need to buy the super special edition to get a MAP?? C'mon..."
76561198087208078,Recommended,297130,31920851,Posted: 23 May,all,GizMunkie,yassss
76561198111937184,Not Recommended,297130,31932109,Posted: 24 May,all,ElysianMeadows,"A couple of good, interesting design decisions are outweighed by one terrible one. Painful to play."
76561198071706292,Not Recommended,297130,31907722,Posted: 22 May,all,The Hatman,"This game is... alright, I suppose, but barely worth half the price they ask - the amount of actual content in the game is not very large and the game is often more frustrating than fun.While superficially the difficulty, the emphasis on boss fights, and, well, the title may make it tempting to relate the game to Dark Souls, this is a poor comparison. The thing that made Dark Souls boss fights work even in spite of the difficulty was that even when you lost you learned a bit more about the fight, and when you finally did win it was because of the combined effort of all of the previous attempts, not just because that one time you got lucky. Unfortunately, in this game, thanks to the predictability and limited movesets of the bosses (most have only one or two different actions), most fights consist of a few attempts - which is to say about two minutes - where you actually learn the fight and decide on a strategy, followed by a vastly longer period of executing that exact same strategy and hoping that it works. Not all the the fights were this bad, but the ones that were are the ones that I remember, and perhaps unsurprisingly also the ones which took the most time. This is not the way a boss fight should be.If this sounds like a harsh assessment of the game - and perhaps it is - this is largely because the concept is really good. The actual execution, however, is poor - and so I can only really describe this game as disappointing."
76561198073050877,Recommended,297130,32273577,Posted: 8 June,all,Crusty Jugglers,Enter the Gungeon with 1 bullet
,Recommended,297130,32347013,Posted: 11 June,all,DragonReaper,"This really is a great game. At first I did not like it because the fights are hard, but after beating the first four bosses and moving on to the full game I really started to appreciate how well made this game is. I have only played a few hours but so far I have really liked the gameplay."
76561198054431302,Recommended,297130,33524540,Posted: 13 July,all,Breadstick,"I got my♥♥♥♥♥♥handed to me by this game. There were far too many times where I shouted profanity at my laptop because of it.But defeating each titan was just incredible. This game truly made me appreciate the value of just trying and trying again, even if I was adamant that the titan could not be beaten.Will this game be enjoyable? That truly depends on how many times you are willing to have your♥♥♥♥♥kicked by the titans, and how rewarding you find the time you finally beat it. In my first playthrough, I died 299 times and spent five and a half hours to fully complete the game on normal difficulty. Looking back, every death and every second played were definitely worth it.The music should also be praised: it brings each titan to life and is very atmospheric. Like with any good soundtrack, you instantly recognise the song and the titan it belongs to.One final note: only play this game if you have a controller. Seriously. I don't think it is possible to beat it using a keyboard."
,Recommended,297130,30160624,Posted: 25 February,all,starbink,"this game became a sentimental favorite almost immediately. its a really beautiful and unified work of art. the plot is vague and mysterious, and entirely implied for the sake of non-stop gameplay. the tiny size of the child hero on screen perfectly conveys the massive scale of their challenges and surroundings. the peaceful overworld songs are somber and thoughtful, while every bosses' song is unique, exciting, and fun, just like the bosses themselves. the color palettes and designs are really beautiful, and having a 2d hero battle giant 3d bosses just always looks amazing, that is like, so inspired and well executed. onyxia is my favorite.what really works for me is the way in which the challenges of this game are designed and presented. killing extremely fast giants with only one arrow and stopping whenever you draw your bow is literally as hard as it sounds, and the moment you die you see the hero's tiny child life snuffed out in an instant. it sets in how unlikely you are to succeed by facing you against constant failure, but never a form of failure that actually punishes you for playing: the checkpoints are an equal distance from 2 to 4 boss chambers at once. trying again is always easy, going for a different boss and coming back to this one later is always easy, setting out to find a different set of bosses is always easy. your skill just slowly rises to meet each challenge, and in this way i find the game extremely relaxing.for me this game was like an indulgent wish fulfillment. i always wished that 2d legend of zelda games were more simple, unified, and truly let you face challenges in any order. i always wished that shadow of the colossus had more variety and challenge and less presentation fluff and complicated scenarios. i personally prefer this game to both. titan souls is just so aesthetically pleasing and so tightly designed and i just adore 2d pixel art mixing with 3d to no end. it's very short and sweet, and slowly mastering each of the 19 bosses is stimulating and rewarding.also, i can tell this game is designed for a controller thumbstick, but playing with a keyboard is absolutely fine too. aiming your arrow in only the 8 cardinal directions is a bit of a handicap but its actually a pretty fun way to play if you think you'd like it. i promise the game isnt spoiled if you don't have a controller handy. also i'm aware now that this game has a reputation for ""hair-yanking hardcore gamer frustration"", but i wasn't aware of it when i first played to the end. i just found it extremely chill and was pretty surprised to read the ""you will scream at your monitor"" response to this game. i guess i would suggest that you stay hydrated and watch your sitting posture if you get upset easily?? idk.but yeah this game is perfect."
,Recommended,297130,22853924,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,xdan,"It's unique, it's challenging, it's well designed, it's short. That's all you need to know."
,Recommended,297130,33349746,Posted: 7 July,all,Pops,"A pretty short and rewarding boss gauntlet with a beautiful soundtrack and great art. Each boss is essentially a unique puzzle that requires trial and error, precision, and timing to overcome. The only complaint I have about this game is the lack of decent keyboard support.The game has a lot of undeserving negative reviews because of weird comparisons to Dark Souls' bosses learning curve, despite the fact that it's literally nothing like Dark Souls except for the hefty amount of deaths.Also, The little walks from checkpoint to boss gates don't last more than 10 seconds so I don't know what's up with all the complaints about that."
,Recommended,297130,33408068,Posted: 9 July,all,ArcticFox__ 👻,"I love this game. I wanted this game after I saw JSE play it, but I just don't get why it isn't more popular."
76561198084055391,Recommended,297130,33346231,Posted: 7 July,all,kalica,The developer/s of this game hates people.
76561198156556741,Recommended,297130,33266531,Posted: 5 July,all,fsyhantis,"I played a cracked Titan Souls long ago, and now I think I should pay with respect to developers.I once played the game with my friends, I did the operations, and they helped discovery the tricks.It's really a joy when we guys beated the game over a night.For this game, I think the play skills are important of course, but the game sometimes is more like a puzzle,which need some luck and inspiration."
,Not Recommended,297130,33361935,Posted: 7 July,all,Phalanx,"First game I can't recommend. And it's unfortunate, because it had such potential. It has great gameplay, lovely art and soundtrack, and is overall very challenging... but I can't recommend it. This game has no direction.You run around an open world finding titans to defeat, but what really annoys me is there is no order. So, you can face one titan, get frustrated, and move on to another one. Personally, that's really not great for me, because I often have trouble sticking to challenges unless forced.The other issue is that there's no cohesion. I played the game for a little while, defeated a few titans (had a blast while doing so) skipped many of the titans that I found, then found that I could somehow proceed through the big doors that brought me to the next section of the game. I stopped playing after a bit of that. It just got... boring. Like I hadn't deserved what I was up to because I didn't defeat all the titans at the start.TL;DR: So, if you like bashing your head against a wall (not because you have to, it's optional) then be my guest. This game can be fun. But if you like to have some solid and defined challenge to overcome, this game isn't for you."
,Not Recommended,297130,33675162,Posted: 20 July,all,Healbot,"Boss are ok-ish, except it's a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to lose 5-15 sec of your life for each try ( and you'll retry them a lot) instead of a retry boss option at your death.Two of the last 3 boss are more reliant on ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t timing, especially the penultimate boss that relies on timing AND luck.The hub is big. Great, but no. It's empty. It's quite nice looking, but empty. Great fun to walk 20 screen of nothing to get to the next boss zone.Also, had to fiddle a lot in the config files to make a wireless 360 xbox pad to work with the game.The run button is tied to the dodge/roll button, which doesn't sound bad at first. Except that aside for left stick to move, right stick to move the camera, x to fire you arrow/retrieve it and A to dodge, there's no other command in the game. Don't tell me it's impossible to put a run button on the rest of the pad ?And there's no option to rebind the buttons, so enjoy being stuck with the control scheme."
76561198157772317,Not Recommended,297130,33688116,Posted: 20 July,all,KakkaKakkaKabbage,"this game has no story or any reason to do anything. it gives you a arrow and one life to kill a bunch of unkillable bosses. you get nothing for killing a boss, not only making the victory lame, boring and pointless, but its just unsatisfying to spend an hour on one boss, then to finally beat it and be like, ""thats it? no extra life? i dont get more arrows? then what was the point"" the game had a good idea, but just went about it all the wrong way"
76561198104957936,Recommended,297130,33683959,Posted: 20 July,all,Nyroc2100,It has bosses and thats cool
76561198074460980,Recommended,297130,32954626,Posted: 28 June,all,TheGreatBobbyop,"This game way surpassed my expectations.  It's like a mix between shadow of the colossus and Hotline miami.  There is no other way to describe it.  its incredible.  Be warned, it's extremely difficult"
76561198044213910,Recommended,297130,32960328,Posted: 28 June,all,DarkBaron,"Let me get this straight: this game will kick you down. It's though. Cute, but extremely though.Don't let these simple yet beautiful pixelated graphics fool you, the game is challenging for sure. Here you don't fight against minions, you go diretly to the boss, because that's what the game is after all: a series of boss fights.You will die, you'll need to die. ""Why I'll need to die, Baron?"" - You must be asking yourself, then I explain: to defeat the bosses you must figure out how they work, their mechanics, their movements, so you can come up with a plan to defeat them. You'll die but you'll keep going on because the game is challenging you to do so and you want to prove yourself capable.You have one arrow, that's all the equipment avaible for the entire game. Other than shoot one arrow, what can you do? Roll and run. That's it. Simple enough. All you have to do is shoot one miserable arrow (you can use some sort of magic to retrieve it), but the path you go down to shoot that arrow will make you eventualy mad.The game is incredible, the graphics are marvelous, the soundtrack is beautiful, the gameplay is very instinctive and the game is as simple as it can get, yet it is very challenging. I strongly recommend it and you guys will find yourselves entertained through a lot of time, I guarantee."
,Recommended,297130,32962515,Posted: 28 June,all,isaacbee,"Basically boss-rush, the game. That said, I really liked this game, and it's amazing how many different varied and interesting challenges the devs were able to make when you and the bosses both die in one hit. If you're hoping for a more proper adventure with exploring and story and whatnot, you'll be disappointed, but if you just want some really good boss battle design, you've come to the right place."
76561198151292831,Recommended,297130,32992778,Posted: 29 June,all,Mr.Straw Hat,"One of the hardest and weirdest game i have ever played. Weird cause you can one shot boss with a single arrow, and Hard because it takes a lot of time to study each boss while you die like a ratio of 4/5 death a min :D.. overall its a good game and worth the money if you love challenging and noob free game."
,Recommended,297130,33900580,Posted: 30 July,all,hagosho,It's only two buttons. It can't be hard. Just two buttons. Nothing with just two buttons can be hard. Nope. Not at all.10/10
76561198214470752,Recommended,297130,33939973,Posted: 31 July,all,NarwhalKnowWiz,This game is basically a 2D Shadow of the Collosus.Which at one points you shoot a yeti in the butt to kill itI don't have much more to say so I leave you at this:Good game.GOOOOD game.GGGud game.GoOoOoD game.Alright that's all
,Recommended,297130,34184220,Posted: 11 August,all,itStarshine,awesome <3
,Recommended,297130,34277289,Posted: 16 August,all,Conra,"This game is literally just fight bosses of your choosing one after the other. It works. You're equipped with a bow and one arrow, once you fire the arrow you have to retrive it so make your shots count. This is because bosses are designed to be quite difficult the first few times you fight them, so you'll want to find their openeing. This is somewhat hard because you're left wide open since when you pull the bow string back, you cannot move.The game has put a lot of care into the atmosphere of the game, ultilizing: music, graphics and gameplay.It's hard not to recommend this."
76561198049038786,Recommended,297130,34541103,Posted: 27 August,all,cottonds420,"I played the early demo version of this game when they originally submitted it for the Ludum Dare. I was blown away then, and the full version is exponentially better and more challenging. If you're gonna play it, I highly reccomend a gamepad of some kind, especially for the second to last boss.9/10"
,Recommended,297130,21861947,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Val,"1 shot you die, 1 shot they die14 Bosses Killed113 Deaths1 hour 49 MinutesFun but don't pay more than $5"
,Recommended,297130,34636117,Posted: 31 August,all,DROP TABLE *,"Great game with nice music, pretty pixel art, difficult bosses, and ok controls, i wish rebinding if controls was a thing. But that is my main complaint. Everything else is very good, and i still have a great time playing the game!"
,Recommended,297130,34571193,Posted: 29 August,all,Shoot! There it is!,"A brutal game that is awesome fun. They keep it simple with the controls but you have to be creative with each enemy. Has a Shadow of the Colossus feel with mechanics. Tough but definitely doable and I would highly recommend to anyone wanting a challenge. It is a bit on the shorter side so maybe wait for a sale to purchase this but either way, good fun with tons of replayability as there are hard modes available once the game is beaten."
76561198141697631,Recommended,297130,35400982,Posted: 1 October,all,liontamer45,"This is an awesome game, variety of bosses and attacks for those bosses, awesome pixlized look and the feel of accomplishment when you defeat a boss. I love how hard the game is too. 100/10 i definetly would play again. I WOULD LOVE A SEQUEL!!! please make more areas, bosses, and move sets! i love the difficulty of the game"
76561198197149777,Not Recommended,297130,35483352,Posted: 4 October,all,Eggplant43,"This review was hard for me to give a negative opinion, because of how much i want to love the game. The game is meant to be dificult, but how  maddening this game might get you is not worth the acomplishment of beating a boss. The controls are simple and smooth, but i do recommend 100% a controler over the keyboard. The bosses feel unique on how you need to figure out how to defeat them. One thing i hate is how every time you die you have to walk all the way back to the boss, this makes the game feel like its dragging on. This leaves  no action between the bosses and makes the game very lackluster. However i feel so emersed with the great sound track to the terrific pixelated design i will always love. This brings me to my final score of a5/10."
,Recommended,297130,35463198,Posted: 3 October,all,Stanky Wang,"Everyone complaining about the game being unforgiving probably havent killed the slime boss, or the ice cube brain. This game is really fun, pretty hard and enjoyable. One of the best rogue like games outthere"
