user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,297120,10143654,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,CueZero,"The moment I start Heavy Bullets I'm assaulted with a minimal bright neon colored title-screen and a trippy melody with hazy vocals blaring over the glitched sounds of the menu like I've stumbled upon some kind of Philip K. Dickian Hotline Miami. I instantly think to myself ""Yep this feels like something Devolver Digital would publish."" This is of course a very good feeling.This exceeds any rogue-like FPS before it in every way, and ups the ante by having very well-thought out and carefully planned gameplay. The action and combat are more than solid, intense and the atmosphere is engaging; with enemies that can pop out of bushes killing you in a heartbeat, the panic of realizing you haven't loaded all those bullets you picked up, all powered by a pulsing electronic soundtrack that creeps up on you as you come closer to dangerous areas.The roguelike elements here work *very* well. You are placed into the thralls of a glitched neon world with harsh and bright hallways randomly generated everytime, the goal is to reach the end of each floor and eventually make it to the 8th floor where you're tasked with resetting a malfunctioning mainframe. Sounds simple, but equipped with only your 6-shot revolver this will prove to be a true test in frustration as there are monsters, turrets, and worms hiding around every corner to whittle away at your already very limited life. The floors are randomly littered with items to help with this, and you'll find banks where if you're playing smart enough you can buy life insurance or deposit money that carry over into your next playthroughs, making things slightly easier each time.Seriously if you like roguelikes at all buy this game. If you like first person shooters at all, buy this game. If you like crazy artsy games with insanely stylish visuals and trippy sound design, buy this game!"
,Recommended,297120,10156779,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,bobert awful (F+),"If Wolfenstein 3-D went to college and did fifty tabs of LSD on a dare in his dorm room, you would get Heavy Bullets.EDIT: Exxe in the comments has denied my review a perfect 10/10 score through lack of Shrek. Here is the new review with the added omission:""If Wolfenstein 3-D went to college and did fifty tabs of LSD on a dare in his dorm room, you would get Heavy Bullets. Shrek."""
,Recommended,297120,12197286,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,A Victim of Stars,"Heavy Bulletscuts down most of the fat surrounding games that venture to use the Roguelike genre, a refreshing take after dozens upon dozens of titles that use hidden depth, tons of discoverable combinations and, situational item usage. It’s a bit of a double edged sword but the lack of complexity is a nice alternative.Heavy Bulletspushes everything aside for a much simpler and, at times, more effective method.As a wise prophet once said, “Six bullets… more than enough to kill anything that moves.” And your employer seems to adhere fairly strictly to those words!Highrise Hunting Grounds is run by some questionably dense people. It’s difficult to tell if they’re sinister or just willfully ignorant of human rights, sending a janitor down into the depths of their intricate hunting grounds to find out why the mainframe is going crazy and turning the park’s security systems against the very people they’re meant to protect. Plopped down into neon hallways that look like they could be very delicious popsicle flavors, all you have is your gun and your wits about you. As you progress through the 8 layers of hell, there are vending machines and hidden secret cases holding useful items like rockets and homing grenades, as well as a few items that make you wonder how they ended up there in the first place. Using the ritual blade will, for instance, harm you for an entire heart’s worth of damage in exchange for giving you back the exact amount of money you’d need to heal that heart back.The crux ofHeavy Bullets’ gameplay loop is simplistic genius. Whenever you fire a bullet from your gun, you have to run over to it and pick it back up again in order to reload it into the revolver. At first you only start with just enough bullets to reload an entire cylinder but you can eventually find, buy, or have bullets given to you through inheritance. There’s a slight margin of error in most rooms near the start but you’ll need to come to grips with your twitch action skills before the halfway point. Messing up a shot will require you to dash into danger, more often than not to recover your rounds, and, even with yourQuake-speedrunner pace, you’ll still likely take a hit or two. My heart was pounding in the later stages of the game, even after I had upgrades to increase my reload skill, bullet recovery distance, and extra hearts!As per the standard for roguelikes, you’ll be dying often as you come to grips with what the game demands of you. This will start off as a tad bit of an annoyance but the game does offer some small level of continuation to ease you into that one run where everything will go right. Available in the vending machines are purchasable items that allow you to pass a certain amount of money you’re carrying into your bank account when you die or, more importantly, the Last Will item which deposits every penny you have on you as well as any bullets, bombs, and keys. You’ll be given the latter three instantly at the start of your next run. This is pretty much the key to being able to afford as many health and stat upgrades as possible during a run. I, myself, had built up almost $1,000 in the bank before my first successful run, during which I spent a good chunk of that reserve.Just when you start feeling comfortable, the game tosses new enemy types at you and changes up the scenery a little bit. Instead of the simple walls that looked like they could have been gradients on a new-wave CD stacked in Tommy Vercetti’s car, some blinking computer bits and crude technological chrome begin to adorn the walls. You’re also given a flashlight after a certain point, though the game never truly puts you in the complete darkness. Sadly, it only changes so much visually but, then again, you’re hardly really looking at the walls when you’re constantly fighting for your life.In keeping with the minimalistic approach, the sound design is sparse but executed with razor sharp precision when it counts. Music occasionally cuts through the deafening silence to energize a particularly ballsy suicide run on a full room. Corny musique pipes through the vending machines, coming across more like slot machines tossed out from a casino on the dead end of Vegas city limits and re-purposed. Every creature and malicious turret has a unique sound of their own that you’ll familiarize yourself with rather quickly. Learning the telltale signs of each is key to surviving large and tricky rooms that use tall grass and rocks to block your line of sight. Some players complained about the music’s lack of presence, but I feel the use of silence is extremely important in not only building up the tension of every fight but also to let you listen in on these clues before things get really hectic.For all thatHeavy Bulletsdoes well, though, it comes at the price of not having much in the way of replay value. Once you’ve beaten the final boss you have nothing further to really do. The game’s achievements hint at a few challenges you could try but, in the long run of things, you won’t be able to easily put 100+ hours into this like many other games in the genre. When stacking it up next to games likeEldritchorFancy Skulls, it hardly has sea legs worth holding onto for more than a few playthroughs. Unless you’re a fan of replaying for the sake of the challenge, 3 heart only runs with no potions like some insaneZeldaspeedrunner, it just may not be enough. The basic experience, the thrill of that first completion, gives a nice sense of accomplishment and I think the tense silent moments broken up by spurts of greased-lightning violence are exceptionally well done. But having limited ways of killing things presented to you and randomly placed setpieces which you’ll eventually become familiar with will certainly bum out players earlier than usual. Is this enough to dissuade you from picking up the gun? Well, that’s entirely up to you, partner. You just have to ask yourself one question.Did I fire six shots, or only five?Did you like this review? Please stop by and check it out at RGZ.cahttp://rgz.ca/gaming/heavy-bullets-review-6teen-shells-from-a-30-06/and take a look at my other reviews, as well as our coverage! Thanks for reading!"
,Recommended,297120,32246135,Posted: 7 June,all,Vash(88),"The game is fun if you are one of the lucky people to not have the ""frame loss bug.""   The graphics are from 10 generations ago, so this could run on your dusty Ipod picture that is in your mom's attic.  Unfortunately, a bug came out of no where that causes people, including myself, to lose 5 or so frames every few seconds.  This is a fast pace game, and the frame loss is a game killer.  I was able to play my first ten or so hours with no problem, then the bug started with no change to my setup.People have posted all sorts of specs, and the dev has tried but failed to fix the bug.  He even stated in the forums that some things just can't be fixed, and he's sorry that some people can't play it.... Kinda lame but I can't blame him.If you don't have the game, try it.  If you get random frame loss, refund it.  The game itself is great, so I will give  it a thumbs up, even though those of us with the bug are SOL"
,Recommended,297120,10123005,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,zingrook,"Heavy Bulletsis a low-poly, high-style FPS roguelike set in indoor jungle of sharp-edged rainbows infested with sharp-toothed nightmare creatures. Levels, enemies, items, and even the UI drip with color and unique personality. The glitched-tech sound design and sparse, synth-heavy music compliment the sometimes jolting and often gorgeous environments exceptionally. You've seen first-person roguelikes before, but you've never seen anything like this."
,Recommended,297120,12932610,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Knight Paragon,"Simple yet stylish, First-Person, Rogue-like excitement. Not quite enough gameplay elements here to make me fall in love, but I do consider this game a good friend.Textures? Who needs those. Leveling? What does that even mean? What this game excels in, is bringing you to laser focus upon rounding each new corner, and mechanics that encourage you not to look back.Currently it has some glitchiness: there are many, many frame dropping freezes, especially when ""seeing"" an enemy after a lull in the action (I have actually lost my best run due to the game freezing my character and magically making my bullets go thru enemies, all at 4 fps).With some consistent development, additions to the mechanics, and polishing out the bugs, this game could become a 5/5 Star beaut.Best of luck to the stylin' dev(s)."
,Recommended,297120,12140460,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Mariobro 🌸,"Funky, fresh, and god damn fun, Heavy Bullets is a rogue-like FPS from disco hell. Featuring eight levels of crazy monsters and various other things, it's an experience that shouldn't be missed."
,Recommended,297120,10350422,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Silent,"""Like Isaac with guns""and the only tears are your own"
,Not Recommended,297120,22060881,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Aquatic Tube Cat,"This game is pretty fun but I'd only recommend buying it durring a sale like I did. I don't think it's worth 10 bucks but thats subject to each person's opinion. It has some replay value and even if it doesn't particularly grab me I find myself loading it up every so often.Pros:It's got some pretty interesting mechanics what with the bullets being reusable and causing you to retrieve them due to the fact that you have nothing to defend yourself if you run out of bullets. The whole rougelike mechanics are pretty heavy in this game as well. You don't really make a lot of money off of enemies so with the prices going up the deeper you go it becomes really important to balance what you want to spend your money on. Potions, healing, bombs, the discount (which should be top priority), your life insurance, etc. With money being so important it both makes sense and sucks that almost everything in the game only sells for 5 dollars, with a few exceptions.Cons:Although it can be fun I can't really recommend it to people, as interesting and unique as it is. As many have said there is an unsolved sutter issue that happens every so often. Its pretty random when it happens. You can go a whole game without it and sometimes you cant get it to stop. On top of that I feel like theres some balance issues with hitboxes and such. I've been attacked through a wall from around the corner by one of the imps as well as a crawler. Turret placement can be a real pain to deal with when its only weakpoint is behind it and it shoots two times per second. The turrets are deadly accurate as well, forcing you to constantly move in order to dodge them which can really put you at a disadvantage if theres more than one or other enemies in the same room. I've also had it on more than one occasion where a turret's bullet clipped a corner and still damaged me even though I was out of the line of fire/line of sight.On top of all that the developer has given up on the game so there won't be any updates in the future. It's a pretty barebones game that has the potential to be better but sadly wont be. I wouldn't mind seeing some more balances, bug fixes, and additonal items and enemies.I personally wouldn't give it more than 6/10"
,Recommended,297120,26351347,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Sweep,"About Heavy BulletsHeavy Bullets is a really unique take on the Rogue-lite genre, and one that I feel anyone can thoroughly enjoy. It has the unique distinction as being one of the only Rogue-lite FPS games I've ever encountered, and it really milks that label for all its worth. With a colorful, neon design and blocky 3-D graphics, it's a pleasant break from all of the ""retro"" pixel games that have been coming out recently, so it's visually appealing as well.GameplayIn Heavy Bullets, you are given a revolver with six slots. You can fire these six bullets and then pick them back up to reload into your gun. Sounds simple, but when enemies begin swarming you, you can quickly find yourself separated from your bullets, which are now all the way accross the room. The game itself is extremely challenging, though as you get accustomed to the controls and gameplay you can feel yourself improving. The gunplay is responsive, if a little finnicky at times and killing enemies is satisfying, as they explode into a cloud of coins and bullets. Secret rooms and locked doors make exploration a pleasure, and a unique banking system allows you to store money and items for future runs, a feature that I really appreciate.ControlHowever, I must say that the control is a bit of a mixed bag. You move extremely fast in this game, far faster than any other FPS I've ever played, and this means positioning yourself for strafing kills or aiming can be a challenge until you acclimate to the lightning speed you move at. Items are also a part of the game, but they too suffer from some flaws. Certain items are more useful than others, and some are even detrimental. (why would I want running shoes if I already have trouble controlling my character?) Bombs are extremely difficult to use without hurting yourself in the process, and the in game text is a little bit vague and hard to understand. Carry Item+ does NOT let you carry an additional item, it just lets you carry more of the one you already haveAll in AllHeavy Bulletsis a really nice FPS Game!9/10 From MeSweep"
,Recommended,297120,10240275,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Ggdograa,"One of the most addictive games I've ever played. Pixelated graphics which look nice and would probably run on a toaster. The more you play, the better you get. It may only have 8 levels but getting there will take you a long, long time. You really need to give the game a bit of time to get adjusted to its mechanics, and then after that you'll be hooked.Full video review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S2DUWs4lJQ8"
,Not Recommended,297120,24379743,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Fein,The game is really fun and I would recommend it if it weren't for the micro-stuttering. It happens a lot and gets you killed all the time. It's been an issue for what looks like almost two years now so it doesn't seem to be getting fixed either.
,Recommended,297120,32901302,Posted: 27 June,all,jafromobile,Complete waste of time.  Highly recommended!
,Recommended,297120,12656063,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,[nerdhaus] Joogs,"Heavy Bullets. Where to start? At first, I'd like to say that this game is nothing for people who expect to finish the game within the first or second run. Death is permanent in this game and one of the essentials in the whole gaming concept itself. Once you're dead, you have to start the whole game again. However, the effects of death can be overcome by thinking of a clever strategy and planning in advance.But what is this game even about? You start with a normal revolver filled with six heavy bullets and three bombs at the first level. The main mechanic of this game implies that you have to pick the bullets up in order to keep your revolver full to the brim. However, as you wander through the maze-like generated world, you encounter many sorts of enemies with their own and unique weak spots which you have to find out in order to make up your own way of beating the game. The game gets progressively harder and you'll be facing boss enemies at the fourth and the eigth level. Of course, you cannot beat them without proper preparation. That's when shops come in handy. You gain money by killing enemies, items by purchasing or finding them throughout the whole game (they can be both, passive or active) and special perks by upgrading your skills. With the right combination, you'll be able to finish even the worst enemies off.This makes the game amazingly challenging. If it seems like you can't get past a level, you have to try harder. Don't stop until you have successfully beaten the stage. If you do stop however, then you're in bad luck because you may never get past said stage. The game forces you to play extended sessions which makes you come back for more. Furthermore, I do have the feeling like the game is adjusting to your style of playing since the more you play this game, the harder the earlier stages get. (If someone could verify said assumption, that'd be great.)This is not just a FPS game where you are supposed to kill every enemy in sight. It's quite the opposite once the gears are running. With every death the game teaches you about the things you did wrong. Being in a tricky situation doesn't mean that the game's random generation is trying to outsmart your tactics, but you may want to think about a new strategy then.The art style is very simplistic but still neat to look at which adds a bit of friskiness throughout the whole game itself. One thing I greatly acknowledge is the game's soundtrack. Although the game makes you think that you're in a serious situation considering that your inventory space is limited and you have to make choices wisely, the music emitted from the medbays, bullet shops and banks knocks you out of the skies and shows you that you may need a second to recover and think about how you're going to progress. It's not all about guns and bombs, you know?However, there are a few minor bugs in this game which will (hopefully) soon get patched, but influence your way of playing heavily at some points. Sometimes, enemies recognize and attack you although you're not in plain sight (or/and if it's not declared in their attacking scheme), but hidden behind a wall. Sometimes, the game seems to lag out for a few frames periodically which can delay your actions significantly. However, like I said, those are minor bugs and will eventually get removed some time. They are no reason to consider not buying the game.After all, I'd like to say that Heavy Bullets is a nice and refreshing twist for everyone who wants to take on a new challenge. The key to success is to never give up no matter how impossible a certain situation may seem. Everyone who thinks that this game is about blindly killing enemies is out of position. The game requires good reactions and a strategy to fulfill. If that sounds like your cup of tea, then this game is made for you."
,Recommended,297120,19230169,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Marco Antonio II.,"Surprised that given the Rogue-Lite craze in indie games this title isn't more talked about, especially after being played and promoted by many popular individuals.Is a low poly FPS with an abstract but appealing visual style, the neon colors have a good contrast so they never feel like an eyesore, and the style has a neat early 3D vibe, the sound design having a glitchy vibe to it.The gameplay reminds me of the original Wolfestein 3D; there’s no jumping, you walk through semi Labyrinthic corridors killing enemies and finding secrets, but that’s where the similarities end. The random generation is really good; I never encountered myself stuck or in unfair situations that can’t be solved by your own skill. It has some heart pounding moments which makes this game memorable at times, but going through random adversity never gets old.It has an interesting item variety, which can help you or ruin you over. However, while some items make for different and interesting play styles, I wish the game had more to offer.  Many of the items are only there to be used for the achievements or feel arbitrary, meaning you’ll be selling those or ignoring them altogether. An update that expands the item pool would be greatly appreciated, but I also appreciate that the game is mostly skill focused and you don’t need to rely on the items in order to make it to the end, but they help.Don’t expect a deep plot or story in this tittle, it constantly contradicts itself (In purpose) and anything regarding the ‘plot’ is told via flavor text and some small things within the game. Its main focus its gameplay with very minor plot elements.Overall, the execution is original and really fun. The idea of having to recollect your bullets in this manner is something I’ve never seen before, and it’s well executed. Being able to play the game at your own pace is a great addition too. Go slow or go fast, is a blast.Warning!There are people suffering with stuttering while playing, there are many theories for this issue and you can read up more about it on the forums. I play this game on a very out dated toaster and barely noticed issues regarding this, for me it’s rare to say the least. But the stuttering can prove unforgiving or to ruin the game entirely given its nature, if you suffer from it and can’t find a way to fix it, a refund is recommendable. As much as I enjoy this game, no one should go through that, and the creator should make a better effort to fix this problem."
,Recommended,297120,12134644,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,papa gravy,I played wolfenstein 3d while rolling on ecstacy and it was pretty close to Heavy Bullets. This game is fan-♥♥♥♥ing-tastic.
76561198064833939,Not Recommended,297120,29290023,Posted: 15 January,all,Awake,"Heavy Bullets isn't a bad game. At least I don't think it is...Heavy bullets isn't a particularly innovative game, nor is it a game of depth. What you see in your first playthrough is, to my knowledge, what the whole game consists of -- and that's not a bad thing. The gameplay is fast-paced but basic, with the ability to pick up bullets being the only thing that I would consider to be an unusual trend for a roge-like/lite game. money must be managed well, and there are no checkpoints. All pretty standard, albiet enjoyable stuff.The MASSIVE con to this game is the glaring issue of regular stuttering. My rig, along with the vast majority of players', well exceeds the minnumum requirements, but regardless, consistent stuttering is a consistent problem. Because of this (deabably) game-breaking bug and the dev's lack of interest in patching it, I simply cannot reccomend it."
,Not Recommended,297120,20472919,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Carl Winslow,"Listen, this game would be fantastic and I mean fantastic, if the dev would either let the community fix the GAMEBREAKING stuttering glitch that occurs at random (but always the most important moments) in the game. The game is playable, but if your goal is to master the game then don't bother because even if you are the best in the world the rando-stuttering issue WILL kill you at the most important moments of gameplay. Overal recommendation, buy it once they have given us a fix for the game."
,Recommended,297120,10133926,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,PoxyTrex,"I got to say this game is one of the best rougelikes i've played.Pros:-Nice graphics (not much, but simple and thats what makes it good)-Nice Sounds-Challenging (there barely no standing around lining up your shots)-Random generated levelsCons:-THE WORMS (they're just to scary when u encounter them without expecting it)Cant wait to see what else comes from this."
,Not Recommended,297120,22132292,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Dresius,"It IS a fun game and the price is really reasonable, but the game stutters more and mroe the further you get, making the last boss almost impossible."
,Recommended,297120,17866570,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Corporal Phre$h,"Really simple and enjoyable.  If you like the idea of a simple to grasp roguelite FPS with the nifty feature of being able to pick up fired bullets, I say go for it.  Wait for a sale or whatever, but it's pretty fun.In case you haven't gotten the run-down on the game, here it is:Though it's labeled as roguelike and it mostly is, it's technically not, because your bank account doesn't die.  So you could technically just grind until you get enough money to buy every single thing you need in one playthrough.  But that would be lame.  You wouldn't do that would you?After you fire bullets, you can pick them back up from where they land, and put them back in your gun.  Bullets and coins will gravitate to you if you get close enough, and you can upgrade that feature.Shops, enemies, and levels are randomly arranged per playthrough.  Shop inventories are also unpredictable.Main thing I wish this game had was a difficulty option.  But if you want hard mode, just get drunk or high and play it.  Legally of course.Co-op or deathmatch would also be nice."
76561197996666428,Not Recommended,297120,12166722,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Unselfish Knave,"An interesting concept to be sure, but this feels more like a proof of concept than a full game. It just feels like there is very little variety in gameplay, and the difficulty curve is all over the place. The most common enemies can be taken without a second thought, but anything else is extremely punishing. It's a game that feels like it still needs a lot of tweaking and polish, and an interesting gameplay concept just isn't enough to carry it."
,Recommended,297120,14816472,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Bigdan99,"This game tries alot of new concepts that work surprisingly well, such as the recycling of bullets and the banking system. I like to think of it as Binding of Isaac meets Hotline Miami meets Quake. If you like any of these 3 games, you won't regret buying this."
,Not Recommended,297120,24362021,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Neon Henchman,"I do like how it sports a cool art style, might be the sole reason I got intrigued, and it has somewhat fun, simple mechanics, but I get really annoyed whenever I try to head to the security mainframe.The gameplay, as I said, is easy to pick up and play, and it was fun trying to conquer a room filled with turrets, while looking out for snakes in the grass, but after the initial shock and X runs, and despite being randomly generated, the game gets somewhat dull and repetitive.  Said repetitiveness must be plaguing roguelikes in general, so it isn't totally at fault, but at least for the first half, I just had to counter very simple AIs for quite a long time, in environments that only differ as to where the doors and vending machines are now set at.  I believe a simple game can still have a lot of depth, but this isn't it.Another bad thing, the game stutters quite a few times, for 1/4 of a second, and whenever it happens, it's always right after I killed an enemy, oddly enough.  I'm well aware I sound like the ""Dur, it's only 720p and 30fps"" crowd, but when I have to kill 2 enemies that are aiming at me, thinking I could quickshot the both of them, the game freezes, stuttering me and messing up my sight on things, even for the briefest of moments, and the other enemy then is right up my grill without warning, it's pretty lame and it happened more times than I would be comfortable with, heck it happened during the first boss, leaving me as a very salty barnacle.Lastly, if I have a Last Will, which SHOULD save my items upon death, and is in the backpack when I die, it becomes useless and I lose my 15+ keycards and bullets.  I'm perfectly fine with passive items not working in the backpack, but I think that this is just nitpicking right here.I'm not having a great time with this.  There is some fun to be had at times, but if you are like me and only got intrigued by the visuals in the first place, you may end up disappointed."
,Not Recommended,297120,14147498,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,D. Mouse,"Seems like it could be a really fun and addictive game, but the micro-stuttering makes it unplayable for me. Many others are affected as seen in the game's Steam forum. Seems like it needs some optimisation.I'll be keeping an eye out for a fix and will play again and update my review if it's taken care of."
,Recommended,297120,15802131,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Americancheese909,"I have a bit of a weak spot for Roguelikes, so when I saw this on sale, I had to check it out. Overall, I'm quite content with my decision to buy this game, although there's still a few things that really prevent me from fully enjoying it.The pros:1. One thing I really like about this game is that each enemy is unique and challenging in their own way. No one enemy feels too easy or hard too fight by themselves.2. A problem that you sometimes see with games that have randomly generated levels is that they occassionally throw something nigh-unbeatable at you if you're unlucky. This game never does that. It gets harder as you go, but every death you have feels like its because of a mistake on your part, not on the game's part.3. There is a small way that you can make future playthroughs easier. By storing money in the bank, you can have a large stockpile of cash to use in different playthroughs to make things easier. If you have a lot of trouble with this game, or if you run across some items that you want to buy but don't have enough money for, the bank has you covered. This really helps to take the edge off of this game's difficulty.The cons:Now that I've gotten the praise out of the way, let me address the one thing that ""prevents me from fully enjoying this"" as I said. During the beginning of the game, I noticed that it had the occasional stutter. By this, I mean that the game had a rare lag spike, in which everything would freeze for a second, before it would unfreeze, with me in a different spot. This was tolerable at first, but as the game progresses, it just gets worse.Now, I should probably hedge this by saying that my computer is relatively low-end, but there aren't any options in the settings menu that make the game run any smoother for me. It should be said that Heavy Bullets is the kind of game that you do NOT want to have this kind of glitch in. By the seventh or eighth level, the stutter is so frequent that enemies that really should not be a problem become a nightmare.Oh yeah, and it makes it nearly impossible to beat the final boss, so have fun with that.However, maybe this is just a problem that stems from my pc's general mediocrity, and if you have a better computer, it might work. Alledgedly, the dev is working on fixing this problem, but untill then, it really mars this game's performance.With all this said, I still feel that it is overall an enjoyable experience. 7/10. I'll be willing to give it an 8.5/10 when and if the glitch is fixed."
76561197981488539,Recommended,297120,12147596,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,gatt,"Not normally a fan of roguelike games, this one is an exception in that the gameplay is fun enough that constantly dying and being taken back to level 1 isn't as much a frustration as it is a learning experience, with enough depth in decisions (spending money on upgrades vs health vs banking it etc) to keep it fresh.FPS controls are super responsive and accurate, so it never feels like you've been ""cheated"" out of a shot - they always land exactly where you want them to, and this makes it all the more satisfying."
,Recommended,297120,18980079,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,J1NROH,Aim-Training Arcade Game.Fast. Deadly. Neon. Sick. Like it.Buy it.
,Recommended,297120,12702563,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,UkeFromHR,"Hands down the best minimalistic game I have ever played. It's fun, its scary and its fast as hell. Every time you make it past a room a level or even a bomb bug (yes a frickin bomb bug) you have a little party in you head saying ""hell yah!"" Yeah its a small game but its hard and it doesnt FEEL hard. It's not a quality that it easy to explain.To understand this, imagine you are running in a field of tall corn. It seems nice enough, and there is cool music on you ipod that your listening too. WHACK. A giant black beast just smacked you on the tushy and you promptly shoot an oversized bullet through it's nostril. Now you didn't know there was a butt-smacking monsters and you don't know how many more there are but you don't know how much more your butt cheeks can take. You DO know that the over-size booty-basher went down quick and you have a few more bullets. So grab hold of what yo mama gave you and get other side of this cornfield because the music is good, the graphics are appropriate and by the of this, you've shucked enough corn to call yourself a farmer.I hope that made sense in some way and that anology did the trick. If not, buy the darn game and find out what I mean."
,Recommended,297120,12186805,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Entrusted One,"Great art and colors.  Simple and easy to learn.  Like most rogue-likes, if you die it is your own fault.  8/10 NEVER TRUST THE BUSHES."
,Recommended,297120,12141961,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Lycaon,"Basically, it's the closest to a  first-person Hotline Miami roguelike you'll ever see."
,Recommended,297120,12143416,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,BladeTwinSwords,"Length of Time Played: 13.5 HoursDistance Played: Beaten the GamePersonal Grade: BOpinion of Each AspectGrading System - Outstanding, Excellent, Good, Acceptable, Poor, Horrendous, AbysmalGameplay: GoodStability: ExcellentStory: AcceptableControls: ExcellentGraphics: GoodMusic: ExcellentSounds: GoodDifficulty: ExcellentNotes: + (Positives), = (Small Gripes), - (Negatives)+ Trippy retro visuals provide a great atmosphere.+ Randomized rooms and vendors assure no run is the same.+ More than enough items to mix up playstyles.+ Reasonable game length helps the game not become too monotonous.= The plants in-game tend to obscure your view.= Many of the items you find are mostly useless or situational.- Gameplay can become stale after a while."
76561198047719882,Not Recommended,297120,22830204,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,DeeDoubleU,"It could be fun, but constant severe stuttering going to get you killed. Game is out for a long time and since this problem wasn't solved yet it probably never will."
,Recommended,297120,22822322,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Atanih,"Ay yo, do you enjoy your silly FPS games and have quite a bit of fun strafing and trying to hit targets quickly? And do you like roguelikes? Get this game for yourself then, okay?Honestly though it's pretty fun. It's small, but it's deeeefinitely worth a sale price if you like adventuring and shooting. You'll become accustomed to the graphics and know what to look out for after playing for a while. I enjoyed this game quite a bit."
,Recommended,297120,28910819,Posted: 1 January,all,Bassem,"A fresh take on roguelike dungeon crawling, with hidden depthAn indoor hunting grounds complex has been hacked, and the turrets are now as hostile as the weird wildlife. As one of many disposable janitors, you've been assigned to go through the eight floors and clear them until you reach the mainframe and reset it.Your giant revolver shoots oversized bullets that you then go and pick up and use again. That means each shot has to count. It also means if you shoot an enemy far away, you have to walk over there to pick up the bullet.You'll be dying a lot. Being the dedicated employee that you are, you can collect the gold coins that enemies drop and stash them in ATMs  so the next poor sucker has a better chance of purchasing upgrades and clearing more floors.Taken at face value, Heavy Bullets is a simplistic roguelike FPS. But once you've played a few lives, you start seeing the depth of the gameplay. I'm not experienced with roguelikes and usually I don't like them much, but it's all about playing the long game. Giving each run your best shot, but also planning ahead in case you don't make it all the way.You'll be finding or purchasing upgrades such as a coin or bullet vacuumer, spare bullets, rockets, an Aliens-style motion detector, speed boots, health potions and much more. You have to decide whether to hoard your gold or go all out. Maybe you'll do a few ""farming"" runs where you just stash as much gold as possible, and then do a proper run to clear the game. And since you can only carry one special item with you at a time (unless you get the Backpack upgrade), you have to decide what to keep and what to dump.One negative is performance. Mostly the game runs butter smooth, but despite the simple graphics I get a random stutter every now and then, on my GTX 980. Doesn't make sense, and can ruin an entire run in game like this that relies on split-second reflexes.Also, watch out for the snakes in the bushes. Those ♥♥♥♥ing snakes.I loved this game. It's quick, simple, and yet allows for strategy. I like the visual style. The music and sound effects are awesome. It's definitely worth it."
76561197975503147,Recommended,297120,10144703,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Laserfrog,"I received a 10% off coupon for this for no other reason than that Fork over at Devolver Digital is insidiously and disgustingly effective at marketing. That, combined with the already 15% off'd price convinced me to give this one a go despite my typically intense dislike of both Steam Early Access and Procedurally Generated Roguelikes.To the former issue, it's fine. The game is basically done and only really needs a release to throw down 'chieves, pokemon cards, and all the other heavy-handed fanfare that accompanies even the most bizarre and unwarranted of steam releases. The most I can say is that the music is a bit finicky, going back and forth between desolate silence and ZOMG COMBAT!!! mode at points where one or the other would be more applicable. It almost brings up the question of why the game is even on Early Access at all. It seems like the developer genuinely seems to want quick feedback from players to help polish the final copy before release rather than doing a quick cash grab to make everyone pay 40 to 80 bucks for a glorified wireframe alpha build like everybody else does these days.But there I go being cynical again. Now then, on to the gameplay.The gameplay is standard rogue-likey stuff except the combat isn't total floaty garbage. It has a few glaring issues, but for the most part is quite solid. You fire your gun, your bullets the size of soda cans hit your enemies in the soft gubbins, and then they explode in one hit. Enemies actually take a bit to bring you down since you get a pretty generous healthbar for a roguelike, able to take six hits from most regular mobs until dying. Non-boss enemies die in one hit, as stated, but some of them will only do so if you hit them in a particular weak spot, like the power generator for turrets a-la-Receiver. After firing your coffee-can-sized rounds from your Ruger 2.00 caliber Velociraptor, you can pick your bullets back up again like firing a nerf gun and then OCD-ingly making sure you picked up all the foam darts even though you have three more in your pocket because losing them will haunt you for the rest of your days. This adds a surprisingly fun and compelling ammo dynamic where you always have very little ammo and yet paradoxically more ammo then you'd ever need.In the first half of the game, there are three enemy types: snakes, chompers, and turrets. Interestingly, these enemies represent the best, average, and worst aspects of the combat respectively. Snakes lie in bushes almost perfectly camoflauged and strike at you out of nowhere, more than once causing me to jump out of my chair and scream random expletives. They can also poison you, which sucks just about as much as getting poisoned has since Final Fantasy One and Pokemon Red and Blue. As much as I would typically throw these off as ""cheap"" or ""unfair"", the ammo dynamic meant that I really didn't have any excuse not to throw a bunch of gigantic bullets into the bushes before I went exploring for health potions, so they actually helped endear me to the game.The chompers are typical videogame fair. They charge at you mindlessly, bite you when they get up close, and die in one hit. Nothing special, but they get the job done. Later on in the game they ""spice it up"" by throwing spider chompers, flying chompers, or that eternal unwanted scourge of all shooters that is apparently as easy to shake off as Zaire-strain Ebola and just as entertaining, the Kamikaze chomper. SSDD really, but nothing wrong with mindless mooks in a shooter. If anything, they make the encounters with snakes all that more epic.The turrets however are somewhat of a pain. To kill them, you have to hit them in their power generator, which can often be placed behind them when you enter the room. Often you'll have to thread your shots to hit their core, which would be easier if your bullets weren't the size of goddamn coelocanths. Often, you'll attempt to thread a shot only to have your enormous rounds ping ineffectually off the turret's impenetrable hide. The turrets however are bound by no such restraint, as the most common ones fire lasers, which will ALWAYS hit you if you're not moving and will usually hit you if you are. Luckily, they can be easily evaded by jumping over them which has the slight downside of a jump button NOT EXISTING IN THE GAME.Which brings me to my main gripe about the combat. The combat is essentially a modified version of an InstaGib Railgun match in Quake or Unreal Tourney, and as such it is ABSOLUTELY INEXCUSABLE to not have a jump button. In addition, this would add to the dynamism of combat by allowing you to jump away from those evil snakes or jump over and around a horde of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. If anything should be added, I think this should be prioritised.As to the rest of the game, it's a standard roguelike affair with upgrades, cash, and permadeath. Worth noting though is that the game has a rogue-lite banking system that allows you to store money for future runs, store valuable items, and even allow you to keep your items, upgrades, and a percentage of your unbanked money on death for a modest fee.The problem with this aspect is that most of the upgrades just aren't worth their salt. Speed can be upgraded, but you already move like a crackhead. You can upgrade reload so that you mash in more bullets with each button press, but you can already reload as fast as you can push the button anyway. You can upgrade Bullet Magnet, but there's an item that does the same thing as having maximum rank in that stat, and it's pretty easy to find on each playthrough. The inventory system is a bit daft too, in that there really isn't one. You get to hold one item. That's it. This sounds pretty good in theory, especially for a roguelike, but in practice it means that you'll be ignoring just about every consumable you find because you found one item with a passive ability on it that turns you into a bullet god. Sure, you can upgrade your backpack to hold more items, but good luck saving up the 100 coins needed for that one, or having two items you want to store in the first place. In fact, why have a Bulletgod Relic and 3 consumable rockets when you could just have 2 Bulletgod Relics?Really though, the game's actually pretty decent and it's worth a pickup if you enjoy roguelikes and other stuff like Receiver or Tower of Guns, though it lacks the intricate gameplay setup of the former and the depth and complexity of the other. If you're not into that kind of thing, it's still probably worth kicking about whenever it goes on sale. It's fun, but flawed, and that's honestly not half bad.And it gets mad props for not using Early Access to act like a money-hoarding ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥."
76561198066310712,Recommended,297120,13491550,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Orange and Green 2013,If you like first person shooters that are built to look like old polygonal acid trips into an underground blacklight safari then you'll like this game about shooting demons in a turret filled worm forest of NEON polygons.The levels are randomized each time.Permanent deaths make you play each game like it's your last.The game teaches you to sweep like a goddamn SWAT team member.Increasing difficulty and fatigue from multiple tries gives the game real challenge rather than frustration from bad controls or unbeatable foes that other games will give.4.5 Zap Zone Monsters Out of 5
,Not Recommended,297120,28928420,Posted: 1 January,all,Gerald of Rivia,"The game COULD be fun, but it's absolutely ruined by random stutters which, due to the breakneck pace this game progresses, will often lead to instant death forcing you to restart the game. Judging by my more than capable hardware, and what I've read in the forums, this issue is not an isolated case and appears to be quite prevalent. A fix will not be coming because the dev has abandoned it.Buy only if you have more dollars than sense ;)"
76561198053911859,Recommended,297120,13083505,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,M U T T,The love child of the binding of isaac and counter strike
,Not Recommended,297120,12824783,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,chairbender,"It's quite tense, atmospheric, and it feels good to play skillfully. Unfortunately, it has just enough problems that I wouldn't recommend it to someone.First of all, the entire gameplay through each of the levels is quite fun. It reminds of more of the type of shooting you would do in counterstrike as opposed to quake. It's all about peeking corners and out-reacting the enemies. Pretty much everything you can shoot gets destroyed in one hit, which makes the combat more satisfying and fast-paced.Sometimes, an enemy will notice you before you notice it and utter a cry, giving you a warning and a bit of time to respond to it before it gets the drop on you. Those sort of situations are definitely fun because you actually know what you could've done differently if you take damage. It keeps you on your toes, too, because you're always trying to listen carefully for enemy cries. I think it adds to the tense atmosphere in a good way.Other times, however, you won't be able to get the enemies without completely leaving the corner and you'll have to strafe around the room trying to dodge the turrets and other enemies. The turrets' turning and shooting behavior is very unpredictable which makes these sort of forced situations very frustrating because there doesn't seem to really be a reliable strategy for dodging them. Furthermore, I found it very difficult to shoot while strafing in this game - it seemed like the game was always stuttering a lot when I was trying to do this, which is frustrating.Also problematic, for a game that's all about aiming and shooting and lightning fast reflexes, it absolutely should not be having occasional lag/stuttering. Unfortunately, it has that and it seems to have it right when enemies are attacking me or coming into vision. It's not very freuqent, but it's enough to be annoying and mess up my concentration or ability to track what is going on enough to start taking damage. I am not alone in having this problem, so don't assume you're not going to have this issue either.Finally, the biggest issue that makes me not want to recommend the game is the difficulty spikes. Specifically, I'm talking about the level 4 and final bosses. The level 4 boss is ridiculously challenging and doesn't at all fit with the methodical, patient playstyle of the rest of the game. Going in blind, you're almost certainly going to just die in a few seconds. Further compounding this issue is that, once you die, you don't get to quickly try again to see how you could've improved (which would be a very satisfying game loop IMO). You have to then carefully plod your way back through the first four levels. I found myself getting impatient because I just wanted to have another go at the boss, and I would end up dying before reaching it because the game really requires a patient, methodical playstyle. This is, of course, highly frustrating, and it feels like the game is just trying to waste my time. It's like, I've already demonstrated I can handle the first stages, just let me go back to where I was at the edge of my abilities, where games are most engaging, dammit!The final boss is even worse in this regard. It's absolutely overwhelming when you first encounter it - there's so many enemies, new elements, sounds, etc... that it's just impossible to make sense of it your first time. And you have to play through eight stages again to even get to try to understand the boss after you inevitably die. While you're playing through the stages, you're not really getting better against the boss either because you play through the stages with such a different playstyle than you would need to use against the boss.Overall, the game is intense, atmospheric, twitchy, and responsive (compared to the bullet-sponge type FPS gameplay in similar titles). If you like the sort of FPS gameplay in counter strike and are looking to spend a lot of time on mastering something like that, you may like this game. But if you're someone like me who just wants to have a fun gameplay experience, you probably will find this game more frustrating than fun because so much of your play time will be spent doing things that you already feel you've mastered."
,Recommended,297120,26728155,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,tr&y,"Made it up to stage 7, half a heart left, found a med vendor, snakeworm right in front of it killed me. 10/10"
,Recommended,297120,13457383,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,MK_Atlas,Fast paced shooter/rogue-like where every shot counts. Try to make it through 8 floors of hell without dying. If you like FPS or Roguelikes then it's a must have at the price. Twitch skill required.
,Recommended,297120,14752741,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Notesurfer,"Heavy Bullets stands out like a neon buoy in a sea of generic rogue-likes. The garish art style may seem gimmicky, but in fact perfectly complements the vivid, nightmarish tension of hunting in The Highlands. In fact, the bizarre color palette and unusual enemy shapes serve an important purpose - to reset your perception and your ability to discern friend from foe. An experienced FPS player may welcome this departure from artisic norms as a means to retrain their reflexes, and those who love fast-paced FPS combat will find Heavy Bullets' frenzied bursts of action to be quite satisfying. The reusable ammo system adds a layer of skill and strategic depth while avoiding RNG-based ammo generation issues. Even sound is a critical element in the game, as different SFX help you predict enemy movements.Sadly, Heavy Bullets suffers from highly repetitive level generation. At least half of the items in the game are fairly useless, and the same can be said for many of the upgrades and extra weaponry. Although not inherently bad, the player's bullets are not projectiles in the traditional sense - should your reticle center on an enemy's weak point, they will die the moment you squeeze the trigger, regardless of distance or movement. Additionally, enemy aggro relies heavily on line-of-sight, making it easy to pick off enemies one-by-one in most rooms. These atypical mechanics add to the quirkiness of the game, and feel very appropriate amongst the other design choices.Heavy Bullets is best-suited for roguelike fans, who will love the tension and atmosphere that it offers; however, it is possible that those who pick this game up for other reasons may find its permadeath and repetition a bit more of a grind than they can bear."
,Recommended,297120,30664871,Posted: 22 March,all,pagedMov lft,"A great game to pick up and spend a weekend playing, Heavy Bullets is what every roguelike FPS should try to be: a game that rewards many playstyles in interesting ways. From the slow methodical approach to the quake-like run and gun, every playstyle has items that back it up, but aren't powerful enough to do anything but support you. There aren't any items in this game that could be considered a 'crutch' or a 'run-winner' in contrast to other roguelikes such as The Binding of Isaac where runs are heavily affected by what items you find. In Heavy Bullets it's largely up to you to conserve your health and hit your shots accurately. This game rewards skill quite heavily, allowing you to attempt to make skillful decisions to get yourself out of a rough situation, such as shooting enemy rockets or grenades out of the air. All of this sounds great on paper, however the way the camera moves in this game can sometimes be rather sluggish and other times seem a bit too fast, and the game itself is rather poorly optimized, I often get dips in FPS in the later levels which can greatly interfere with my aim when it happens. Other than that, I believe the pros of this game greatly outweigh the cons."
,Recommended,297120,11813423,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,thoasd |v|i|o|0|,"""Roguevolver""There's a lot of pink but don't panic! ... Just check your bullets!The visuals are simple but good - The sounds are well chosenIf you enjoy FPS roguelikes stop reading ... now."
76561198060622168,Recommended,297120,13720508,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Platinummatthew,1. Spawn2. Get To The 2nd Level3. DieNow Repeat
76561198095195290,Recommended,297120,24038537,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Robbadopolis,Walk to the ATM on acid simulatorSeriously this is my favorite game but that accurately describes it
,Recommended,297120,31634247,Posted: 8 May,all,snot,its like shooting cannon balls
76561197968892800,Recommended,297120,10141064,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Sachi What With the Fox Face,"An amusing hybrid of Roguelike and Doom-style FPS. What it lacks in polish or complexity, it makes up for with a fun item system and in-your-face jump scares from exploding aliens, laser turrets, and the occasional snake in the grass.Well worth the nine bucks, check it out if you're bored with the regular triple-A pile of schlock."
,Not Recommended,297120,32247203,Posted: 7 June,all,Little Coyote,"In theory, Heavy Bullets has everything it takes to be an exemplary FPS Roguelike - permadeath, randomly generated levels,  upgrades and somewhat original resources management. I tried it, because it was presented as a game similar to my beloved Tower of Guns and Paranautical Activity.But it doesn't have fast paced gameplay of Paranautical, or ToG's amazing design. Some may consider HB graphics artistic or beautiful for it's simplicity, but for me it was just cheap. Gunplay is almost non-existing, because in most cases (except for turrets) we can see enemies from long distance and the best strategy is to stand still, and wait until they are so close, you can't miss. You have limited amount of bullets, but it rearly does happen to run out of them in a fight, moreover, you can pick up fired bullets, which makes this mechanism just redundant.And there is an upgrade system. Unfortunatelly, you can carry only one item at the time, there are no separated slots for passive and active upgrades. In fact, you can't upgrade your charactem much more, than increasing life points and number of bullets (which in fact doesn't matter).It's not a bad game. It's just not good."
,Not Recommended,297120,12318249,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,SanguineBrah,"Heavy Bullets looks gorgeous and there is definitely a nugget of a fun experience here. The high-stakes mechanics are tricky, but fair if you are willing to play methodically. There is a lot to love here.However, the game's failing is in it's lack of replayability which unfortunately is a death toll for anything made with the permadeath & random gen formula. Levels are not varied enough, items/upgrades barely change your experience of a run and there is a disheartening lack of any feeling of progression. In short, there is not enough content to spice up your countless failed attempts to beat the game.Go play Tower of Guns instead."
,Recommended,297120,21918060,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Chuckleduster,"Every decision matters in Heavy Bulllets, which is strange for a game with a 2-sentence story and maybe as much dialogue.  This game could be called a management sim: You're always keeping track of money, items, and the titular bullets, which you need to pick up after firing. At least then I wouldn't be making purists angry by calling it a roguelike.Heavy Bullets is a hard game, but you won't know that until you've already gotten through one or two levels. It has a really nice learning curve that punishes mistakes just hard enough for you to not make them again in 5 minutes. You may be frustrated, but there are almost no moments in the game where you can call ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.I may be the odd one out on this, but I feel like the music takes away from the game. It plays at intervals, and then only for a short period of time. The music is good, sure. But the atmosphere I get when it's not playing feels a lot more tense. Pick up this game if you want dungeon crawling with a gun. And you don't mind the vaporwave color pallete they use (which I love)"
,Recommended,297120,10746685,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Sadius the Corruptor,"This game is a hidden gem as I like to think, it's a very different game and should be more knownThis game is a Rouge-like FPS, given 6 bullets with a pistol, you are given the task of shutting down a mainframe, clearing 8 levels of enemies that can be incredibly tough or simplistic, you are given 3 hearts, each hit takes down half a heart, when you kill an enemy, you are given several coins and get to pick up the bullets you shot off, these coins can be used to purchase many things including more bullets, Bombs and Health as you do not regernate at all.The 6 bullets you are given does count, miss numerous shots, and you will have to run over and grab them which could be near an enemy, it poses an incredible danger to miss, so don't miss at all.Doing this review I've put about 4 and a half hours into this game, and I must say, it's one of the best indie games I've played, 2nd favourite Rouge-like game (Only behind Binding of Isaac). Encountered only one bug (Which is impressive) throughout the entire time, although had it numerous times, it's easy to fix thankfully.It's incredibly addicting and very challenging, have not been frustrated yet but it's getting there for sure. In short, for the $10 price, it's one hell of a fun game, easily a worthwhile purchase. I cannot wait to see how this game turns out to be like, Since it's in early access, I'm sure it'll add many new things that will keep me playing for a long timetl;dr 8.5/10 Incredibly fun, addicting Rouge-like FPS, not many bugs and very challengingGo support the developer"
,Recommended,297120,10496803,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,RedHatDrew,"Dear Terry Vellmann,♥♥♥♥ you, and your beautifully difficult game. You've introduced a challenge into my life that is both infuriating and addicting. The sound design is excellent, and forces me to enjoy Doseone's fantastic work while I actively avoid snakeworms and try to find that last round I errantly fired in a panic. The use of simple enemies and principles used to slowly teach you the unforgiving nature of this world is expertly done. I'm only about 5 hours into this game as I write this, and I still haven't managed to get past  the goddamned turret boss on level 4. I thought I had him dead to rights in my second encounter, but I was immediately immobilized by a snare turret when I entered the room, and died in like a chump with a red potion still in my inventory. I relish the idea of dying here, as I continue to get tripped up on other randomly generated ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t on the way up. This is what my lunch breaks have become: an infuriating catharsis in which I swear more in an hour than during the rest of my day combined. And I wish it could be longer.Bottom line: This is a fantastic randomized game. Roguelike, roguelite, whatever you want to call it, Heavy Bullets delivers a challenge that is well worth the price of admission, and I can't wait to see what future updates hold.But seriously, ♥♥♥♥ snakeworms."
,Recommended,297120,10144930,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,MrMr1232,very amazing. Pretty Graphics. I don't know what to say....For and early access game I'v purchased this is the best one I'v owned during it =DKeep up the good work developers =D
76561198045050541,Recommended,297120,10173441,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,IAreLucas,"Proud to be an early access player! Devolver has got some amazing talent that they bringing to the masses, expect this to be the new craze for speedruns!!!"
,Recommended,297120,10179131,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,BillTheBobCat,This game is amazingly fun while also being amazingly stressful. Not for the light of heart.
,Recommended,297120,15796611,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,power8888power,"Special indle game that has unique gaming experience outside 3A titles, careful movement, corner-peeking, fast reaction with precise shot. Learn by playing, tons of death for sure, but you will go farther and farther, finally beat the game. Excellent Balance between random and person-skill, it makes gaming experience has variety but not luck-dependent. Although the way it colored is kinda weird and has micro-stuttering issue, it is still a good game.8/10"
,Recommended,297120,12286658,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Behemoth,"A nice, simple execution of an FPS roguelike. The extremely limited inventory gives every decision weight and cuts down on fiddly management of items, while the banking system gives you something to work towards while learning the ropes. But really, it comes down to reflexes and aiming skill, which only makes sense for an FPS roguelike."
76561198008580123,Recommended,297120,32146689,Posted: 3 June,all,PRAVEMI,"Randomly generated ROGUE FPS.Randomly generated colorful FPS where You have just a gun (and sometimes even a knife!) and soooooooooooo heavy bullets, that You've to pick them after any shot, becuase You don't have any other ammunution.It is surprisingly a very good fast paced strategic shoot out. Because You are not alone in this randomly generated maze. There are enemies (damn fast ones or tricky ones), security systems and even bosses.Only thing on your sides are vending machines where can You buy upgrades for your gun, life, backpack, life insurance... truly... life insurance too : )So... this is a good game when You have just a little time and You want an escalating challenge where the fast reflex and precision is the key."
,Recommended,297120,12405805,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,ollie zoop,"It's not often I find a game that I actually feel like investing time into. This is one of those games that you either love or feel indifferent towards. It's really hard to hate. One thing that this game does that I think is interesting and refreshing is not explain many of the mechanics that are in the game. This might sound like a negative attribute, but what it really comes to feel like is that the game is treating you like an adventurer, or like an actual adult. You don't get spoonfed by this game in any tutorials or anything like that. Almost everything you find out in this game, you find out either on accident, or through experimentation (given that you don't read any guides beforehand, like I didn't). The gamefeel this creates is that of an older game, with more emphasis on exploring and item management over story or spectacle. One negative thing I found about the game, however, is that it becomes relatively easy once you've beaten it a few times and saved up a fair bit of money in your bank. The achievements this game has to offer add a touch of replay value, but not if you don't feel like going way out of your way. That said, if you're a fan of Binding of Isaac or other roguelikes like that, don't pass on this one, as I think you'll find a great experience in a modest package."
,Recommended,297120,22868856,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,AmericanToastman,"A fast-paced, actionpacked and very atmospheric roguelike shooter. I absolutely love the asthetic and the gameplay."
,Recommended,297120,21659310,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Drunk Tomato,"The best FPS/roguelite I've played so far. Simple concept, simple graphics, but full of fun replay value. Flashy but not TOO flashly. The vibe is kind of 80s, too, which is fun."
,Recommended,297120,10135781,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Breadfish,Don't. Trust. The. Bushes.
76561198054147922,Recommended,297120,12158124,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Master of Disguise,"So I just managed to get up to level 8, and goddamn there is so much hidden content in this game. By the time you've finished the game (a task so difficult I applaud those who have done it) you can go back and play over and over again just due to the amount of content available. If you are even considering buying this game, trust me and take the risk. It is one of the most fullfilling games I have played of late, highly reccomended."
,Recommended,297120,10248139,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,arparparp,"Quick in terms of learning and gameplay, you'll immediately be absorbed by the colorfully-set-apart dungeon style gameplay and begin popping critters and creatures all over the place with your quick-reloading revolver. Fun and cross platform combine to make this reccomendation, yes."
76561197981133132,Recommended,297120,10916622,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Avenger +NoScope,Wow sweet game -- tactical feel to having only six bullets!
,Recommended,297120,10194003,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,<YP>Kriegle,"Tron meets Serious Sam meets Spelunky in a throbbing indoor technojungle. Early access shmearly shmaccess, it's already done except for tweaks and chieves. Worth much more than 10 dollars. Get this game. Get it."
,Recommended,297120,10331180,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,KeNEecH_,Very fun! Lots of bugs and very good for a Early Access
,Recommended,297120,10375965,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Beamur14,Nothing has ever made me as jumpy as this game has. Snakeworms will give you a heart attack.
76561198041999656,Recommended,297120,10214447,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Another One,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N4IYcBvDqQI&list=UUzQNjDn4H1cXz8CrEJRYFogCount your shots and steady your aim.That is what you are going to be repeating to yourself in this frantic 1st person rouge like shooter that has the movement of a quake or unreal tournament game but with half the health and way less ammo.The game has an interesting presentation which is of that of a PS One era game with polygons as its main focus. It is nice to see this in an indie game since the indie scene has been oversaturated with 2d pixel animated side scrollers. It is a good change of pace and makes me think of LSD dream emulator. One game i kept thinking of when i was playing this game was Receiver. Receiver is another game that does many things this one does. They are both 1st person roguelike games, they both have a polygon style and both force the player to manually reload.This is where counting your shots comes in. You have an indicator in the bottom right corner of your screen that shows you how many bullets you have in the gun as opposed to just a number. This is important since the game only starts you out with six bullets. When you get into a fight you better be ready because they can be fast and only last a matter of seconds and if you miss your shots you better be ready to run, but with no ammo you're not completely out of luck though. The game allows you to pick up all bullets you have shot.This means unless you have a melee weapon you are going to have to dodge and weave past turrets and other enemies to get to the bullets you fired.Time to talk about the roguelike aspect of the game.Ugh, is it just me or am I tired of hearing roguelike lately. It has become a real selling point for games lately. Just slap on the roguelike sticker on it and its guaranteed to sell a few copies. Some do the roguelike better than others, so how does this game fair. Actually pretty good. Its nowhere near the best but it feels good and not just a way to give permadeath and have it lengthen the game. I mean it does lengthen the game but the challenge is good and the randomly generated items each time you play add quite the variation. It has a banking system that allows you to save money and items across playthroughs.So you have only half a heart left and 100 coins, go put that money in the bank and make the next run easier. Storing items is also extremely useful to make it even easier.I actually want to take the time to talk about the Items. In the game you can only carry one item at a time, some have active effects such as the rocket and others have passive abilities such as the silver heat that allows one hit of damage without you getting hurt. It also breaks in half and falls to the ground after you get hit, no my broken heart. There are also items that you can sell at the bank and get even more coins. Some items are potions that will give you special powers such as a few seconds of bullet time or just heal you.There are also melee weapons you can get such as the knife and the pickaxe with will let you break rocks to get ore which you can sell.My personal favorite item is the teleporter. It allows you to set a portal in a spot and at any time jump back to it instantly.This game is a fun waste of time and for 10$ is well worth the price. I can’t wait till the game goes full release. I give it a 7.5 out of 10."
,Recommended,297120,10634011,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Mrs. Edgewick™,"Heavy Bullets is a game about feeling lucky, revolvers, and magenta. Collect your bullets, don't miss, and remember if you've fired five times or six. The enemies are fast - be faster. There are no checkpoints, there are no continues, and there is no room for crybabies. Heavy Bullets is about being fast and slow, and when to be which. Heavy Bullets is a game about twitch accuracy, instant combat assessment, and blinding speed.Heavy Bullets is a game about big, plush, heavy bullets and the revolver you fire them out of.You're going to need more than six."
,Recommended,297120,10536899,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Strongest Baka⑨,IT HAS BIG BULLETS11/10 GOTY
,Recommended,297120,11044733,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,eccentrik,Such colour wow. So amaze!
,Recommended,297120,19271063,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Dominus,"From all other game titles on Steam, Heavy Bullets offers the tremendous Fast-Paced Ferst-Person-Shooting expirience.In this game:""Every mistake is punished!""Make every bullet count!Act Quickly!Plan your moves!Otherwise you might get yourself killed in the blink of an eye.The game's endless replayability makes things more intresting. Once you've finished the game (Either by dying or succeeding) you're on for the whole new action.Only Cons in this game is various of bugs that can be found troughout the game...The most addicting FPS game ever played in my entire life!Would recommend it to everyone."
,Recommended,297120,33000191,Posted: 29 June,all,Floyd Anyweather,"Gripping little FPS rogue-like, with a vaporwave aesthetic. Worth the sale price."
,Recommended,297120,10176920,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Kepz,"Heavy Bullets is a first person shooter roguelike that rewards perceptive and patient players with the sweet taste of victory. Armed with your trusty revolver and six bullets, you must fight your way through eight floors of a vibrantly colored and dangerous landscape, buying and finding small upgrades along the way. Each bullet you fire can be recovered and loaded back into your revolver, just make sure you remember to reload as the creatures you encounter are very quick about killing you. The music and sound design in Heavy Bullets is a definite highlight. The jungle ambiance of each room, the mechanical beeps of the turrets, the cries of vicious beasts that will hunt you down sound distinct and keep you immersed in the world of Heavy Bullets. Only by being observant and by checking each and every bush for snake will you reach your goal of resetting the mainframe on floor eight and receiving the reward of $5000 in Heavy Bullets. Good Luck!"
76561198027517884,Recommended,297120,12210490,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Turbo Furry,"You get to run though a rediculous maze wearing high heels, and you can get a ritual knife to hurt yourself to get money. But wait there's more! You can find a severed hand that lets you shoot bullets from you inventory before they get shot out of the gun! It is a wonderful chaotic game, perfect if you enjoy dying, or great to give to a friend so you can watch them die instead!"
76561198079844252,Recommended,297120,27093943,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,☘ Jake Snake ☘,Fun rage inducing rogue like FPS with unique graphic style. Cheap and worth it.
,Recommended,297120,15528271,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,nostalgia.,"I picked up Heavy Bullets during the roguelike sale for $2, and I suggest that everyone should, even at full price. It's another one of the ""fps roguelikes"" that seem ever so popular these days, with a very retro feel.The first thing about the game that I noticed was extraordinary was the quality in audio and visual feedback: coins and bullets jingle on the floor, enemies clearly alert you through sounds when they're around corners, and worms scare you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ as your screen shakes and a loud bassy sound drops when they attack from behind.Although ""retro"", it manages to keep the player very immersed in the game, both with sound and mechanics, which is something games like Spelunky and Isaac tend to fade from doing as you get better and better at them. This may be good or bad, depending on how much immersion you're looking for from a roguelike.Mechanics are very in-depth, with magnets for coins and bullets, homing bombs, and even the ability to invest in a discount on all other items, a ""last will"" that saves your items and consumables on death for your next run, and a ""life insurance"" investment that lets you keep money on death for your next run.Finally, as far as performance, it runs great; maxxed, including FXAA, I get about 100 on a GT 640 / AMD FX-6100, which is a rather budget setup. There should be very few FPS issues, likely even on laptops.Overall, it's a very different experience from your average roguelike, and I love it.  If you enjoyed Paranautical Activity, Receiver, or Fancy Skulls, give this game a shot."
76561198097705575,Recommended,297120,15524957,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,DarkLordSteve,"This game is fun, but there are a few things I didn't like about it. If this game is currently on sale, ignore my cons and buy it!  It's a good game to pick up cheap!PROS:ChallengingRogue-LikeCheap funA unique game for a familiar genreGood music (see cons)Pleasant art styleCan run on a potato without being uglyCONS:The music doesn't play constantly throughout the gameThe story makes no senseEnemies are too predictableEnemies come in little varietyOMG the turrets are OPTurrets can only be killed with bombsBombs are rareIf I turret is close to the next level door and you have no bombs, you can't proceedMap is too straight forwardGunplay is unsatisfying7/10 solid game, but I'd recommend buying it on sale.EDIT: after playing more, I realized that the turrets can be killed if you shoot their battery. My bad. Turrets still are annoying little buggers though."
,Recommended,297120,15548099,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,telos,"If you've played Receiver (you know, that game made in a week) then it feels like someone took that game's concept, mixed it with Binding of Isaac, and fleshed it out to make it a full game. Seriously. It even has the shoot the battery thing to kill turrets from Receiver.Overall the results are enjoyable, but not much about it stands out. Unlike the other 'roguelite' FPS it really and truly has 100% procedurally generated levels, which is something that Ziggurat and Paranautical activity cannot say. But even so the challenges the game presents you with rarely combine into a serious threat. Once you get used to the game you will rarely be hurt unless you get RNG'd with a bad turret placement or the suicide bug bombs. Game's worth it for $2 at least."
,Recommended,297120,15647563,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Trash,"Heavy Bullets is very interesting, incredibly fun to play, somewhat scary at times, and wonderfully neon. It is simple, yes, but very nice and also unforgiving af. It's difficulty makes it fun and what it lacks in appearence, it makes up for in play. Instead of focusing on the textures one the walls and floor, you worry about the possibility of being attacked when turning the corner. It is *so* fun to play and I love it."
,Recommended,297120,11646210,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Supercillious Pendulums,"Heavy Bullets is a really unique take on the Rogue-lite genre, and one that I feel anyone can thoroughly enjoy. It has the unique distinction as being one of the only Rogue-lite FPS games I've ever encountered, and it really milks that label for all its worth. With a colorful, neon design and blocky 3-D graphics, it's a pleasant break from all of the ""retro"" pixel games that have been coming out recently, so it's visually appealing as well.Now how is the gameplay? In Heavy Bullets, you are given a revolver with six slots. You can fire these six bullets and then pick them back up to reload into your gun. Sounds simple, but when enemies begin swarming you, you can quickly find yourself separated from your bullets, which are now all the way accross the room. The game itself is extremely challenging, though as you get accustomed to the controls and gameplay you can feel yourself improving. The gunplay is responsive, if a little finnicky at times and killing enemies is satisfying, as they explode into a cloud of coins and bullets. Secret rooms and locked doors make exploration a pleasure, and a unique banking system allows you to store money and items for future runs, a feature that I really appreciate.However, I must say that the control is a bit of a mixed bag. You move extremely fast in this game, far faster than any other FPS I've ever played, and this means positioning yourself for strafing kills or aiming can be a challenge until you acclimate to the lightning speed you move at. Items are also a part of the game, but they too suffer from some flaws. Certain items are more useful than others, and some are even detrimental. (why would I want running shoes if I already have trouble controlling my character?) Bombs are extremely difficult to use without hurting yourself in the process, and the in game text is a little bit vague and hard to understand. (Carry Item+ does NOT let you carry an additional item, it just lets you carry more of the one you already have)All this being said should you buy Heavy Bullets? I would say absolutley. Even though it's still in development, the game is already really tight and feels really satisfying to play. Considering that the game is only going to get better as time goes on, I would say that it is worth it to purchase it now, especially if it goes on sale."
,Recommended,297120,12222539,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,GALAXY,"Great game to play while drunk.120 FOV, get some friends, get some drinks.Go wild."
,Recommended,297120,12205369,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Tangled,"rouguelike bullet sim with a bit more action than reciever, and a fair bit more direction too, looks a little bland at first but the colours warm on you quite quickly and the monsters get a little tougher and more varied as you go along"
,Recommended,297120,22858755,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Giovanni,"Heavy Bullets is a really fun FPS Dungeon crawler with fancy graphics, simple content and awesome perks & Upgrades. Unfortunately abandoned by the developers . However there's a  known constant stuttering ""bug"" in the game which is more likely to get you killed the higher you get in stages I'd still recommend to buy this game DURING the sale. This game certainly isn't worth 10 bucks.Every bullet counts!"
,Recommended,297120,31883863,Posted: 21 May,all,Hyrule Chosen One,"Disabling v-sync fix most stuttering issues, Heavy Bullets is a fast paced FPS rogue-lite game where you have to pick up your bullets after shooting them in a kind of neo futuristic universe"
76561197970705636,Recommended,297120,12237534,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Lesbillionaire puff-mommy,"On a sunny day at the park Receiver and Eldritch were hiding behind an old bark. ""I'll show you mine if you show me yours"" said Eldritch upon which Receiver had to blush furiously.Dumbfounded by her offer he gulped before nonchalantly answering ""f-fine"".Receiver unzipped his holster moments before rummaging within his pantsas Eldritch squatted down silently panting in anticipation.""Th-there..."" he said as he held out his Colt M1911A1 for Eldritch to see while looking awaywith his face completely flushed. ""Dont stare so hard..."" he mumbled as baffled Eldritchsgaze became completely affixed to the limp thing that hung out of Recivers unzipped pants.She then noticed it slowly comming to live. ""WAH"" he blurted as she took a hold of it to further inspect it.""D-DONT TOUCH IT DUMMY!"", ""why so? Look, it has like an opening on the tip...""""well...it feels weird"" he gasped. Eldritch on the other hand became  exceedingly intriguedand began fondling and fumbling as a wide grin spread across her face.She seemed to quite enjoy the soft feel of the texture as she shook her hands vigorously, maintaining a firm grip.""I---diot itt's gonna come out"" His body started trembling and the panting intesified.Then suddently he jolted repeatedly and his body slightly gave away on the extacy before he had to catch himself.How is this remotely canon!? Iunno! This game feels like Eldritch and Receiver having sexual congress with each other. Also you shoot a gun and reload it with the same bullet.Doesn't this sound exciting?"
76561198037940704,Not Recommended,297120,28413699,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,SiloZen,"Heavy BulletsNow, to be quite honest, the first time I saw this, I fell in love with this game, because it was simply a pretty easy game and then I tried to get good at it, almost beat the game until I misclicked.Now, this was maybe, 2-3 years ago.Now, the game itself lags at certain intervals and when the core gameplay of this game is based on quick reactions, it becomes near unplayable. The other bad part is, this game becomes progressively laggier the more you progress into the levels, becoming extremely stuttery at the last level. I used to love this game, now I can't even look at it.I would have recommended this game forever ago, but now I cannot.My other point in this review, I upgraded my setup from when I had it prior 2 years ago where i didn't have a single problem. So something isn't right when a game runs worse on a higher end graphics card."
,Not Recommended,297120,15552611,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Kerma,"Without a doubt, heavy bullets is probably the most stylistic ""rogue-lite"" (I refuse to call it a roguelike) on the market right now. Does that make it a good game?In Heavy Bullets, you're basically playing a person whose goal is to do something about the security system, but honestly the story pretty much ends there. Other than some really strange flavour text that pops up whenever you start up the game, there's nothing else to the story other than you're going around shooting spiders and turrets.The ""music"" (more like sound) and graphics are beautiful. I have heard some people complain about the colour palette, and while I sort of agree at some parts mainly I think it's pretty to look at and the sound fits perfectly. There's usually no soundtrack in the background unless you beat a level or walk up to a vending machine, which even then is only glitchy ambience instead of actual full on audio tracks. When you're almost dead, a intense drum beat starts playing which amps up the tenseness (is that a word?) of the game.That's where my positives mainly end. While graphics and sound are a big part of this game, the other is the gameplay- which unfortunately is not spectacular. The picking up bullets mechanic is at first, very interesting and fun until you realize that you're either going to be stuck at basically swimming in bullets, or no bullets at all and no way to proceed (which is amplified even more by another thing that we'll get to later).But what's wrong with the mechanic? Isn't the point that you get punished for bad aim, and that you have to risk your life to go grab more? That is all fine and dandy- until you realize that it forces the game to become a slow, methodical almost stealthing game rather than the fast ""shoot or be killed"" shooter that the game's movement speed and controls hint towards it wanting to be. Moving fast and shooting fast FEELS good, but you get punished for it so harshly by the enemy design and the nature of dropping bullets that you are forced to camp behind pillars and take your shots slowly- something that would work better for another game, but for the twitchy controls of Heavy Bullets it just feels like it bogs the game down to unplayable levels.In turn, this all creates a loop of camping and inching to preserve bullets and then running out of bullets because you're camping, making you have to camp harder and be even more careful as you try and make a sneak attempt to the bullet you dropped, probably ending up in your death unless you got a bunch of health to camp with or bullet magnet+ to grab it from afar. Overall, I don't think that this mechanic is pulled off well mainly because the dangers that are presented to you are too high to make the game that fun ""run-n-gun"" game it wants to be so much.Other problems I have are more nitpick and personal preference- I honestly feel like the banking system kind of encourages grinding and money grubbing more than actually enjoying the game the first times through; although you don't have to play the game like this, and there's even an achievement for ignoring it altogether. I feel like also some of the items are death sentences, I've never used running shoes without me running into a snake and killing myself and bombs seem like they're kind of on the useless side of weaponry even though you get a lot which ends up balancing them out somewhat.So, do I recommend it? Well, if it's on sale as it currently is for 2 dollars, I'd recommend it just for the graphical and audial experience, but otherwise I'd say no. The trailer of popular LPers screaming at snakes attacking them is basically all this game boils down to- being killed by hidden things as you camp in corners trying to hold onto your bullets.TL;DR:Heavy Bullets is an extremely pretty game game that adds a few innovative features, but squanders them by wanting to be both a slow stealth-like game and a fast run-n-gun, making your twitch based controls and movement basically useless as you inch around levels hoping a snake or turret doesn't kill you around a corner as you camp behind pillars. Get on sale for the graphics/audio, avoid on non-sale price because the gameplay is kind of bad.5/10"
76561198055492422,Recommended,297120,10487288,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Xofigo,"This game is made by the people that made Hotline Miami (One of my favorite games). This is kind of like Hotline Miami but as a First person shooter. If you have never played Hotline Miami (You should) it is a super fast pace top down get in kill everyone get out sort of game. So Heavy Bullets is a super fast pace twitch aim gunner. You run through a neon world with trees and bushes shooting monsters ,colecting money and geting upgrades. Very very fun game!"
76561198101989229,Recommended,297120,10413603,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,juliantheartist,"ok, i don't write reviews but this game is EPIC!!!! I've only played 30 mins or so but i could immediately see that this game was and is completely worth the 10 bucks i paid for it. also GUNS, and who doesn't like guns?"
,Recommended,297120,10461984,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Oreo,Tons of fun!  The challenge level is perfect.
,Recommended,297120,10478999,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Bear With A Sword,"As an early access game I have to say I was skeptical at first. The sceenshots and video didn't really provoke me to play this game. But I had some money laying around and I got it anyway. Boy, I sure got my monies worth. The fasted paced shooting mixed the dungeon crawling goodness really make this game enjoyable. Only thing I want more from this is well MORE GUNS. Yes the revolver you have is amazing at first, but you can't help to want another weapon on you. Granted the knife is a secounday, and a damn good one too, You can't help but want something else to obliterate those damn creatures. All in all buy this game. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,297120,10245025,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,BlankSpace720,I really like this game for its interesting graphics and intense gameplay. Each round lasts a few minutes but during the round it feels like forever and you get super drawn into the game!
,Recommended,297120,10312808,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Jim Toad,"Bit of a rage game at times, but it's fun all the same. It's small, fast, and can run on a potato. What's not to love?"
,Recommended,297120,11114245,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Spooky Space Ghost,"I am extremely proud to say that Heavy Bullets was my entry into the dungeon crawler fps genre. The 80's neon aesthetic along with the blips, bloops, and 8-bit electronica really complement the retro genre. Mechanics like the bullet recycling and the cross-playthrough banking system are fairly original and pretty damn genius.The gameplay difficulty is just right too; hard enough that it's not at all a breeze, easy enough that you won't rage (too much). A lot of how you do is based on luck, but it only makes it that much more rewarding when you stumble upon some extra health potions or treasure. Good reflexes are key to making it out alive. Each playthrough makes you learn from your mistakes, making the next run that much easier.Enemies are nicely varied, each requiring a seperate approach and strategy to fight. There is a plethora of items to use, ranging from the absolutely necessary to the down-right silly (most notably the high heels).The randomly generated levels may be constructed from recognizable template layouts, but still manages to make the encounter around the next corner unpredictable. Enemy placement is also randomized, but not unfairly so (i.e. you won't open a door to find a turret in your face).As far as what can be improved upon, as this is an early access game, a co-op or even multiplayer mode with friends would be really fun. Some AI behavior could use some tweaking, but none of it is detrimental to gameplay.In conclusion, GET THIS FREAKIN GAME. Creator Terri Vellmann really did a bang-up job with Heavy Bullets, and I can only see it getting better."
76561197994851184,Recommended,297120,11313195,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Scott The Bot,"Very fun, stylish and addictive FPS Rogue-like. I love the Life Insurance idea and am excited to watch this game as it reaches CRC status. Worms aren't as scary if you are checking bushes. Always check the bushes!"
,Recommended,297120,11369577,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Cap'n Jack Sparrow,"Addicting, unpredictable, nerve-wracking."
,Recommended,297120,11176857,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Aumnsiel,"A blatantly appealing yet deftly nuanced hybrid game that not only surpasses the sum of its parts, it stings, bites, zaps, and explodes them all at the same time. You are not ready to die in this game, no matter how hopeless you think the situation is; certain death becomes somehow even more surprising and frustrating as it stares you in the face and mindlessly waits to snuff you once more."
,Recommended,297120,11694184,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Felixfelicis42,Well done. Haven't been this into a game in awhile. Hardcore play keeps me on my toes. challenging AI keeps me trigger happy. Smooth mechanics temper my trigger happiness. Great balance so it keeps me coming back for a short run between the business of life.
,Recommended,297120,11785805,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,⸎peth,"PUT ON DIFFRACTION GLASSES!Makes the game a whole new trip.The game is really fun, and quite hard. Still have yet to beat it!"
,Recommended,297120,11801895,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Hom Tanks,You ever been on acid? It's only $10.
76561198069535495,Recommended,297120,12152022,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,=<M.G>=Canadian hipster jesus,the game is fun and challenging and it seems to be randomly generating levels so if you like that sort of thing (like me) then i recomend buying it
76561198055830572,Recommended,297120,12542534,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Prinplup Blue,"A perfect $10 game. While it is challenging and rather short, it truly is a unique experience, worth playing several times over just for fun."
,Recommended,297120,12581707,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,The Alaskan Pipeline,Love this game so much fun is very fst paced and reactions are needed but can also make you jump and really get you blood going love it awesome fun game
,Recommended,297120,11042823,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,SwampFink,"Simplisity and minimilism at their finest. This is a pick-up-and-play-er's dream game. Quick to load, stylish as all get-out, and awesomely engrossing without being complex in the slightest.I thought I'd mind the price, but within the first few minutes of the game I was hooked. The soundtrack is fitting, the graphics are engaging and individualistic, and, I've said it before, STYLISH.It's engaging and pretty without getting too involved with itself to become pretentiouos. The developer knew what they were doing, set out, and did it perfectly.Side note: I'd LOVE to be able to pay for the soundtrack if that ever becomes possible in the future. Other than that, keep on doing how you're doing. Its bloody damn near perfect."
,Recommended,297120,11043990,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,The Ruiner,Like an acid trip with loud noises.
,Recommended,297120,11081176,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,☯ G0tChA☮,"I love this game, i wanted to leave but it kept pulling me back. No matter how many times I raged quit, smacked my mouse down, or yelled at my monitor, i just couldn't leave the game. I can't wait to see what else you have in store."
,Recommended,297120,11056854,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Dapper,"Oh yeeeeeeeah! That's what this game says and it's what you'll say after playing this game. This simple (and incredibly small) shooter is definitely worth a purchase. Here's why:- Simple, in build and in gameplay: Take away all the complicated controls and randomized gameplay elements in favour of concrete gameplay and exceptional playability- Small: This game is less than 100MB, even better than that it runs on next to nothing memory wise!- Fun: There's plenty of secrets, items, upgrades and options for playing this game. If you'd rather be a fast gunslinger then all power to you! Invest in run speed and extra bullets. If you prefer a calmer approach then improve your bullet magnet and get some extra health!There's very little I don't like about the game, just one thing is there's a extra anti-aliasing option that seems to draw very excesssively on performance and for some reason reduced the overall look by a considerable amount. I also think the proceduraly generated thing is a bit of a gimmick because it seems moreso that rooms are randomly selected and given small changes to the walls without much else being different.Regardless, the challenge you face, along with an excellent soundtrack incline me to score this game quite highly, but small drawbacks are going to push my overall rating down to a humble 7.5/10In conclusion, worth the $10, but still far from being ""endlessly entertaining"" as the concept sugggests. As the game gets updates though, I expect this game to easily reach above the score I gave it here."
76561198035451340,Recommended,297120,11061683,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Vaporman,"I kept reading ""If you like rouge-likes, you'll like Heavy Bullets,"" so I decided to get it. And ya know, I have to agree. Heavy Bullets has the rouge-like feel to it without being a jerk about being a rouge-like. It looks cool, has awesome sounds, and game mechanics that are simple but fun at the same time. For an early access title, it's very good as it is now, and I can't wait to see how it gets better."
,Recommended,297120,11076557,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,DJ-P0N3™,Very pretty and interesting.♥♥♥♥ worms.
,Recommended,297120,11027599,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,StylixDS,"Very stylized and atmospheric. This game invokes memories of old arcades and laser tag with it's bright neon colors, chip sounds, and overall dark environment. You may want to run and gun at first, but the more you play you'll be taking every corner carfully to take in your surroundings before shooting. Couple this with the ambient style of music and constant fear of perma-death and it makes for one intense experience.The game is very challenging but fair. You usually won't walk into an area that is just full of cheap deaths. In most cases, if you take your time to look ahead before running you'll be able to pick off your foes if your aim is good while using walls and rocks for cover. Don't be fooled though, that doesn't mean it is easy."
76561198044588308,Recommended,297120,10561218,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,SuicidalHamster,"A bit buggy, annoying at times, but such a cute game.Super creative!"
,Recommended,297120,10787153,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,NEO WANNABE! | ᵒ>ᵒ smol  bug,"Very fast, Very hard, Very fun.Would tell everyone i know that they should buy this.10/10."
,Recommended,297120,10810267,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,DesertOfSand,"It's an FPS. It's got a bright neon color palette, It's a Roguelike. It's hard as balls. What's not to like?I can't exactly say I've gotten very far at the game (as of writing this I maxed out my run at Level 4), but it's apparent the first time you die and go, ""I could've done that better,"" that this game hits a sweet-spot between RNG and skill.The main mechanic of the game besides the Roguelike elements is the fact that your bullets are limited. Specifically, you start off with only 6 bullets, and must retrieve your bullets after firing. For most of the game, it's not a particularly compelling mechanic, seeing as you're generally already headed towards whatever you shot to collect the coins, meaning you get your bullet back most of the time regardless. Where this mechanic shines, though, is those moments when you are absolutely screwed. The high-octane, adrenaline-filled moments when you're surrounded by 6 enemies and realize you only have 2 bullets in the chamber, and so you sramble between shooting the targets closest to you while scavanging for your fallen bullets.As you progress through the levels, you're introduced to a very nice curve of enemy variety that will all asbolutely pop up and scare and/or murder the hell out of you the first time you encounter them (looking at you, Bush Worm Thing), but never in a way that feels cheap, as every monster has their tell, so once you know what to look for it comes down to being able to accurately pull the trigger. That being said, it doesn't mean the enemies aren't challenging. Hitting a Bomb Bug before it gets too close, or successfully shooting the battery of a Turret while strafing its shots is downright hard, requiring a good deal of skill and sometimes level-design RNG.You have the ability to store cash and items if you can find the right vending machine, which is really nice, and not as broken as it might immediately seem in a Roguelike, since the vending machines themselves are randomly generated, meaning that often times you can't actually make use of being able to withdraw that cash or you have to run the risk dying while carrying a boatload of cash while searching for a vending machine to use it on.Overall, if you're looking for a fun little FPS to play, you'll probably like Heavy Bullets. You might find other games for $10 that are worth more of your time if all you're looking for is a game to shoot things in, though.If you're looking for a new Roguelike to battle the RNGods with, you'll enjoy Heavy Bullets. That being said, this game I'd say relies more on skill than RNG. I've yet to go a bout in Heavy Bullets and feel like the game just gave me a bad run, since FPS skills can pretty much trump any bad RNG you get, so it always feels like it comes down to your ability to shoot things well enough.If you're specifically looking for a Roguelike FPS, your $10 are certainly safe with Heavy Bullets. Go buy it. Now.My only real complaint is that your character has a very strange soung design attached to him. Whenever you drink a potion, and sometimes when you take damage, your character makes a very deep gurgling-type sound. Scared the dickens out of me first time I heard it, and I still instinctively think it's an enemy by the way it sounds every time I hear it, but as far as complaints go, it's a very minor one."
,Recommended,297120,18983385,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Jonman[GWJ],"It took me a few runs through Heavy Bullets to understand what it wanted out of me. Those few runs were very, very short, brutal and frustrating, until I understood that this roguelike FPS had a depth to it that belied it's simplistic polygonal graphics and LSD-inspired color palette.It took me those first few runs to realize that sprinting in guns blazing is not an approach that pays off here. Instead, you creep forward, peeking around corners to catch a glimpse of an enemy turret's weak spot, or one of those dastardly worms hiding almost in plain sight in the undergrowth.You hear the bark of an imp that you know is coming screaming towards you at speed, but you haven't got a bead on which direction it's coming from yet. You spin, spot the imp that's right on top of you and squeeze off a single round, all in the blink of an eye. You know that there's a medbay a little ways back, but you also know that you're going to have to press onward to find the money to buy the heal you so desperately need.Heavy Bullets is *tense*, and it rewards your patience, care and attention to detail. It puts finely calibrated constraints on  every aspect of the game, from your limited titular bullets (a mere six rounds) that you can pick back up off the ground where they fall, to the single-item inventory that has you wondering whether you should have left that armor pickup and taken the megabomb instead. The powerups available for purchase are similarly well balanced, with you never quite sure that you made the right choice. Should you have bought the life insurance that will carry forward some of your money into your next run, or gone hell-for-leather and stocked up on a bigger inventory and a pocketful of rockets?"
76561198147990503,Recommended,297120,19138796,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Cjadon,"At first I thought this game wouldn't be so great but, once I started playing it I realized that I was hooked. The game is fenomenal! I was running through hallway after hallway blasting monsters I didn't realize that I haven't played a game so fun and so simple in a long time. You need to look past the cartoonic graphics. I think they fit the game really well. Heavy Bullets was worth my money and I would recomend it to anyone."
76561198098157422,Recommended,297120,20886621,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,tr0loc,Never been more scared of bushes in my life.
,Recommended,297120,12418067,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Satania,"This game made it to my favorite games list, it is always challenging you to try a new approach to winning. There are so diverse of enemys that no 1 strategy is enough to get a easy win, there will always be a pink clover thing taking you by suprize and fast turrets that will make you want to stock up on more bullets. This game has a ton of replayability, that being said the experience from one playthrough will likely be very similar to another once you have learned most of the hidden items, but even then it'll be fun because it tests your application of experience. It is rather difficult when first playing, so if you are to actualy play this, then you will gretly bennifit from knowing that you can learn what an item your holding generaly does from the discription found after pressing 'Esc' ;P"
,Recommended,297120,25046547,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Rua!,"Nice shooting game. Harder than Dark Souls. After playing this, I shoot more accurately in CS:GO.Feeling tired after playing this because you need to focus on it all the time.9/10"
,Recommended,297120,19052859,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,PRO-Gamer[YK95],Simple and amazing rogue-like FPS game set in a fantasy random generating universe having angry creeps which are ready everytime to EAT you!!.10/10
,Recommended,297120,11001850,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,F V C K,"Yes, very good game"
76561198134315199,Recommended,297120,33552757,Posted: 14 July,all,epikpie,can confirm bullets are heavy..doesn't even matter though because you'll die to a ♥♥♥♥ing worm at half-heart bolting towards the nearest heal station anyways
,Recommended,297120,19577695,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,YellowAfterlife,"If it works fine for you, Heavy Bullets is a great roguelike FPS.If you are getting random lag\freezing, I'd recommend to not play the game (wait until a fix is released and\or refund for time being) to spare yourself lots of frustration. This is not a game that can skip a couple of frames without getting the player killed."
,Recommended,297120,11490612,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Kodani,"there is no heavy, but there is boolet."
,Recommended,297120,12216574,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Callisto,Pros - Makes play prolonged because I'll die fast if I run in.Cons - BEES
,Recommended,297120,14218652,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,★水Pikachu-Seal★水,Heavy Bullets is a short and fun rogue game which consists of harder levels over the course of time.You won't be dissapointed as you try and make choices of which item to hold...
76561198070597251,Recommended,297120,10520412,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,deathcobra22,Think it looks fun?It is.Wondering if you should get it?You should.
,Recommended,297120,11478046,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Sam Hatley,ARGH SNAKES
,Recommended,297120,25722178,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Disgusted Barnacle,"Super fun and enjoyable, oddly relaxing in a way game. I'm honestly not going to say much about it other than telling you to just get it and play it. It's worth the play. It gets pretty challenging at times which is always awesome. A couple enemys can easily startle you, if you're easily startling that is.According to Michael from Achievement Hunter when he played the game in his Rage Quit series he calls it a Store Simulator. Since there are many banks and shops in the game.lol Which it obviously isn't I just wanted to quote him since I'm kinda a huge fan of AH."
76561198029852280,Recommended,297120,12403367,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Valtheknight,"An early access preview.Heavy BulletsMy ordnance has some girth to it..Well, after spending what Steam says is 3h. I believe i can deliver a reasonable review. In that 3-hours i have managed to die about 5 times and the best run led me to level 7. Then i got blindsided by a walking turret, that might have no-clipped through a wall... That has happened before, i have my livestream VoD as evidence.Anyway about the game.Heavy Bullets is an FPS Roguelike, that is hard as f*@%ing nails. Sporting some rather simplistic, but strangely enthralling graphical style. I don't know why i feel that way, might be because of the strange neon-gradient hues. Which remind me greatly of Hotline:Miami.Speaking of things that are great, the games soundtrack, again simple but the strange melodic beat of the main-menu is easily one of the more memorable opening themes i've heard in a while. And there seems to be a soundtrack for sale as well, so i might as well go pick it up since it is just that GOOD. There is also another game thats music is equally amazing, i must remind myself of playing it enough for a preview (because its in early access).The main mechanic of the game is that bullets are recoverable, which is a great idea. Because it forces you to go and collect them back, this forces you to think and time every shot, as optimally as humanly possible. Which creates some tension, as bullets are somewhat scarce. Like any roguelike there are items, rather good ones at that. including a knife. Although after using it a few times i found it, both a bit awkward with the possibility of rather overpowered usage. Since it seems to kill (at least the little doglike things and batteries on turrets) one shot, not sure whether that's a plus or a minus..Now, although i enjoy the game immensely. I must note some criticism i have for it, mostly on the side of optimization. Since even after i dropped all the special-FX, the game had strange small hiccups now and again. Now this has said to be a common accurance, however since there is no real reguirement set for the amount of graphical memory you need to run the game, i cannot say anything more about it.Now the game still has some bugs in it, this is very evident since i managed to find two occurances where an enemy no-clipped through a solid wall and killed me. And just so you know, i got evidence of that.. It was one of the violent cranberry-creatures.I cannot really say more of the game, it's still in early access. But since Steam up and changed everything, so the logo is not visible on the page. Make a note of this..But to summarize:- Simplistic, but effective visual style.- A roguelike, in all the sense of the word.- Interesting mechanic.- Great music.I would recommend Heavy Bullets, because it is one of the tougher and dare i say suspensefull roguelike experience. Not the best by any means, but it gets pretty close."
,Recommended,297120,10149997,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,bill bargains,OHOH GOT THE NEWEST INDIE GAME YOU GUYS PROOOBABLY NEVER HEARD ABOUT BEFOREITS PRETTY HARD
76561198028088564,Recommended,297120,10220365,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,winnietheshit,Addictive.
,Recommended,297120,15119458,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,PrettzL,Much much harder than I expected.Just getting to the midway boss can be nerve wraking.I haven't beaten this game yet but I would still recommend it to anyone who wants a challenge and enjoys the difficulty of rogue-likes.The visual and sound design are a treat and the gameplay itself consistently has me coming back to attempt to get past my best run.A challenge seekers game for sure.
,Recommended,297120,15526003,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Muzzles56,"Game looks gorgeous, and is insanely fun. Quite challenging and the difficulty curve is great. Very well designed"
,Recommended,297120,12212205,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,shodan2020,A cool FPS roguelike. Pretty challenging and fun to play! Snakeworms are the WORST! :)
76561198117530781,Recommended,297120,23151541,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Iomiere,This is one of the most fun thrilling games that you can just pick up and have a good time with. Heavy Bullets is a first person rouge like shooter that is certainly worth the time and money to play. I got it during the devolver sale and I love it! If you want to see my reaction first hand check out my Shall We Play (let's play)(https://youtu.be/7hKCcNtptOk) on my youtube channel: IomiereGaming ... You'll get a good idea of what the game is like and also hopefully be entertainedin the process. But really such a good game especially if you just want something you can pick up and enjoy whenever. I love the sort of classic feel to it even though its a very modern game as well. It just feels good to play.P.S. I reccomend using the knife if you can find one!
,Recommended,297120,13755606,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Razputin,"Nerve-wracking, immersive, and lots of fun.Buy it if you're an FPS junkie who needs a single player game."
,Recommended,297120,15560425,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,inorganicdope,Only played 30 minutes but want to let people know while game is in sale at a great price.I only bought this game to get the 100+ game owner badge and was surprised how good the game is.Very addivtive would recommend to a friend.:)
,Recommended,297120,12441610,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,BredCoke,"Difficult, fun, trippy. If you're into this kind of shooter, go for it."
,Recommended,297120,13899189,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Pyrostasis,Pretty solid roguelike. FPS perspective with narrow halls and quick reactions needed to survive. The bullet recovery mechanic is really cool and Im enjoying.To see my full first impressions video here's the link!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SI4z2NgSLvc
,Recommended,297120,12640924,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,ObligatedCupid1,"Insanely great game, art style is gorgeous, the gameplay is well constructive and addictive, and most of all the sound design is perfect. I can tell which creatures are coming at me from where with my eyes closed now, all on the sounds they make"
,Not Recommended,297120,13591466,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Hermit,It is good when it works fine but a lot of people had been complaining about the random frame drops and it is still unresolved. Please fix. Just bought the game with the horrid experience.
,Recommended,297120,24845071,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,ZombSmi,"Besides the microstuttering this game is perfect.It's visually appealing, simple to play while still stacking challenge on itself as you progress, and has unique sounds.The frame rate catching does need to be fixed however as it causes you unnecessary damage you'll eventually have to spend your hard to earn coins on to heal.Or, worse case scenario, die from and need to start over.It's only a major issue if you're not careful so the game is still very much playable regardless."
76561198050666435,Recommended,297120,14980874,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Evil Natzi Bob Ross Kenevil,"Very addicting FPS. The puzzle style is simple, but catchy. Definately worth the money"
,Not Recommended,297120,12395883,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,QuantumEcho,"Fun gameplay, good music (although it fluctuates in volume, with no apparent relation to the ""intensity"" of the gameplay situation - it seems to be random), nice aesthetic.Unfortunately, dying because the game freezes for a fraction of a second whenever an enemy comes onscreen is not fun. I've turned all of the (spartan) graphical options to their minimums, to no effect. My computer has no problem running AAA studio titles on medium to high settings. A game as graphically simple as this has no excuse for such poor performance."
76561198052369051,Recommended,297120,13274866,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,OmegaTitanShark,Intresting and fun
,Recommended,297120,12220883,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,13xforever,This is a fun version of Receiver.
76561198069687188,Recommended,297120,15736463,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,memethan,"Heavy Bullets, a permadeath FPS in which after every shot, you have to pick up your bullets to shoot them again. Your low count of bulets makes the game thrilling and difficult whilst still being very fun"
,Recommended,297120,12366924,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,hugh damn right,A perfect rouguelike fps. Its got items and shops similar to the Spelunky system and theres no tutorial so you have to learn as you go. If its ever on sale you should snag it up.
,Recommended,297120,10136769,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Goralight,"This game... Wow... From the publishers of Hotline Miami, brings a hard and strangly amusing game! Id recommened this 1000 times over so go get it!"
76561198074730244,Recommended,297120,12242109,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Blue Strider,"HEAVY BULLETS IS♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥HELLA HARD!!!!!!!!!!!THE MUSIC IS SO RETRO AND CATCHY!!!!!! THE GAMEPLAY IS GETS SUSPENSEFULL AND TENSE!!!!!!!!!THE BULLETS ARE ALL SO PRECIOUS!!!!!!!!!!!! THE IMPS ARE TOO SPOOKY!!!!!!!!!!!!!yee i only got to the fourth stage, i suck hard, BUT I WOULD DEFINITELY SPEND A LOT OF TIME ON IT!!!!!!!!!!BANK ALL TEH MONEYS PLS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,297120,31943844,Posted: 24 May,all,Mike,good game i like retro shooter :P sweet game BIG fun
,Recommended,297120,19113925,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,RAWfish,good game
,Recommended,297120,24167565,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Suponji-Bobu,I've only ever played this game drunk so this probably isn't right but it's pretty hard
,Recommended,297120,18532977,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,KeV-KiLd,Best FPS-roguelike dungeon yet.
,Not Recommended,297120,29629488,Posted: 1 February,all,JustAnotherGuy (JAG),"""What you see in your first playthrough is, to my knowledge, what the whole game consists of""http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198064833939/recommended/297120/"
,Recommended,297120,13099936,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Adamz0r,Roguelike twitch shooter with retro arcade feels. I lurve it.
,Recommended,297120,12539174,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,ED+,"This game gives me motion sickness, but its fun"
76561198102322910,Recommended,297120,16321567,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,(Cat-born) Stupid Mario,Scary sneks 10/10
,Recommended,297120,15546057,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,crowbar,"rating: worth buying at sale price (<3,5€)score: 6.5/10 - solidsimilar games: Doom, Quake, Counter-Striketags: simple, exploration, enemy variety, resource management, rogue-likeI like ""Heavy Bullets"" for the following reasons: It is as simple as it HAS to be. The game is not filled with tons of random items just so the developer can say in the trailers that the game has 100+ items from which half do the same thing anyway and the other half is totally useless. Still, there are 1 or 2 useless items in this game and maybe some more items or at least character upgrades would make it more rewarding. With Character upgrades btw I mean that there are items in the game which permanently increase something from your character, for example you can reload more bullets at once or you can run faster.The second reason I like this game is that exploration is worth it and will be rewarded. The levels are designed like mazes, kinda like in Doom, but everything is on the same height. There are also secrets, but they are very rare and I think there is only type of secret (maybe I simply didnt found other types).The third reason is the enemy design. Every level you get one or two new enemy types to fight and every enemy has a distinct role, look and is defeated with a different tactic. Most enemys die in 1 hit and thats a nice thing because first it makes you feel powerful, second this is a game which rewards quick reaction and reflex (like Counter-Strike). Also when enemys die they kinda explode which is nice hit feedback.And the last reason is the presentation of the game which is very cool and consistent. Obviously the game looks ""bad"" because technically its very low quality, but it knows how to present itself. I really like the main menu. Also sound-design is good in the sense that everything has a distinct sound. For example coins and bullets you can collect dont just stay on the ground, they sometimes bounce a little and make a sound so you always know that there is something you forgot to pick up.The only reason I said that this is only worth at sale price is because it is very short, it depends on your skill. I played a little over 2 hours and beat the final boss. I know many people probably think the Bank is a good design choice, but in my opinion its just a cheat, so at some point everyone will finish this game. This could easily be fixed by limiting the amount available of an item at one vending machine, but you can currently just upgrade carry+ and then take tons of red potions and silver hearts with you. I paid 1,5€ on a Sale for this game and for that price it was a very solid experience and made me write a review even if this game is already old.What I can definitly say is that the developer of this game (which I believe is a single person?) is definitly a good game designer and I wish him the best of luck."
76561198170293426,Recommended,297120,16355414,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,HellJumper9966,10/10
76561198028060863,Not Recommended,297120,12474171,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,ZDWario,"Good formula and a pretty fun game.  At this point I would not reccomend due to various gameplay bugs/glitches the game that put the game into unfair frustration.  Imagine an enemy clipping into a wall making you unable to shoot it, yet it can still shoot at you.  Will change review once the game is fixed."
,Recommended,297120,22818586,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,twizzlerdiddler,"This game is well worth the price. I haven't even come close to the end yet but already I think there is more than enough content. If you tend to get angry about dying in a game, then this isn't for you, as once you die, unless you've stashed money in the bank, you lose everything."
76561198000464258,Recommended,297120,23149114,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Duo34,This game is weird.
,Recommended,297120,22837490,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Bush began the war on Iraq 4 oil,"i Don't have much play time yet but, so far, the game is absolutely amazing. It has great graphics and really interesting decisions in game design that makes the game all the more unique and enjoyable. DO NOT play this game if you don't want to suffer withdrawal symptoms anytime you're not playing it."
76561198113071006,Recommended,297120,22900612,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,DrunkMankhs,It the best indie game ever!Also it is horror cause of the jump scare
76561197993419579,Recommended,297120,22976873,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Ikkstrikknak,Short but addicting game.You will want to win it and you'll play untill you do
,Not Recommended,297120,22987516,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Ardisan,"The game doesn't even update anymore so any bugs that you currently have, such as broken mouse controls, or crashing. Forget about that getting fixed.I would advised that you not buy this game until they fix these issues."
,Recommended,297120,22699608,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Solaire of Astora,"Do you get off on punching yourself in the Genitals?Is BDSM you favorite topic at your family get togethers?Have you ever done acid and had a trip where you ran around shooting the neighbors pets with a bb gun?Have you ever had an acid trip and thought you were running around the neighborhood shooting pets with a bb gun?If any of the top 4 apply to you, welcome home."
76561198071421958,Recommended,297120,19228356,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,eternal jape,It's a stealth based corner peaking roguelike FPS.original
,Recommended,297120,12154292,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Frob the Builder,"This game is very good.It's very fun and has an excellent ""feel"" to it, a lot like Spelunky actually. That's basically what this is, Spelunky in twitchy shooter form. It's not quite as hardcore though, with the persistent bank account and health potions scattered about.I have wasted a good many hours on it already."
76561197985704187,Recommended,297120,11052134,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Michael Fassbender,A NIGHTMARE IN PINK AND BLUE.
,Not Recommended,297120,29129784,Posted: 8 January,all,iconoblast,"The game is neat for a while - about 4 or 5 hours worth of gameplay, but it quickly gets stale and repetitive. It's a novelty, not really worth buying unless you really enjoy the aesthetic for its own sake."
76561198063792140,Recommended,297120,13410341,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Plumtree ツ,"A pretty sweet roguelike, I love it."
76561198004531228,Recommended,297120,13463539,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Grandmaster Rednecked Crake,"Well worth the buy.I still delve into Heavy Bullets after owning it for months upon months.Awesome atmosphere, easy to pick up, hard to put down.Many items/secrets that enhance overall roguelike experience.11/10"
,Recommended,297120,13483781,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Trip,"Slain thousands of monsters running at me, flying at me and creeping from behind corners....To get killed by a camouflaged snake..10/10 would play again."
,Recommended,297120,15529354,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Azon,"Feck OFF, snakes"
76561198041156134,Recommended,297120,10295950,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Don't get weepy touch ur peepee,"Pros:-Never had a cleaner shooter. The gun play is the very defintion of immediate. You click, and something dies if you were aiming right. No delay.-Each room handles completely differently some reward going in like a Quake player, and dodging everything while others reward CS like play with peeking, and slow tactical approaches.-The visuals are suprisingly soft on the eyes despite the neon colors so no eye strain.Cons:-Music needs work. Personal preference though.-Wish I could jump. ;/All of the cons are of course me nitpicking. 8.5/10 overall and this is just early access so it's only gonna get better."
,Recommended,297120,12340648,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,"God, owner of the Universe","THIS GAME SCORES [0 1 | 2 *3*] = ~88% (75%-100%)Just beat it the second time in the same day, and the second time overall. I'm the 60th guy to beat it, if I can believe the leaderboards. Took me over 12 hours of experience-gathering to get this good with thisawesomegame.Well done 1st person shooter roguelike with Devolver-worthy art style. FOV adjustable up to 120° horizontal (which is how I played it). Has all the necessary options for regular PCs. It's really worth the 7.5€ full price, you don't have to wait for a sale.You have a six-shooter. It shoots big bullets that you can fire infinitely many times, except you have to pick them up again first. While you can find or buy more bullets, the game is balanced for bullet recycling. You can buy upgrades that increase your pickup radius, but you'll go where you shoot anyway, because the levels are one long very broad corridor that is separated into slightly labyrinth-ish compartments that are procedurally assembled. Every level has the same length, and there are 8 of them, but every play-through of the game is different. The boss fights are in the same place each time, however.Heavy Bullets is in a way a wee bit like those story-based 1st person action adventures we've learned to love (like e.g. Deus Ex) except reduced 95% to the shooter aspect. HB's story is only a frame in which the game takes place, nowhere is it actually part of the gameplay. The looting is there, but very limited: From time to time, a kill yields an access pass for (any of) those pink door rooms with a random bonus inside them. And there are pedestal in some places that have goodies (e.g. bullets) on them.There are also several kinds of vending machines (which you can explode for money) where you can buy upgrades but also things like a permanent discount or like insurance that returns some of your carried money to your bank account when you permanently die - accordingly, there's a vending machine dedicated to banking. You can deposit to and withdraw from your persistent account (So, you can play, deposit, and die if you want to eventually make a run with lots of resources.), and you can even store/withdraw an item permanently.The various objects (modifiers and weapons) that are available ask to be used intelligently, especially since inventory space is very limited (but you can buy a backpack which you absolutely should).You even have a wee bit of open world / hub experience because you can go back (at least on the same level, of which there are 8 - each randomly assembled) to make use of vending machines and dropped objects (which don't go away, but you can't return to a previous level), and getting back to those places can be tricky because the doors are harmfully laser-protected if you advance too far beyond them (towards the end of the level - it's quite a corridor experience). But sometimes there are two doors leading the same way, so just open one on the way in, then open the other on the way back to fetch stuff. You can also just walk through the lasers, which costs half a heart - this can strategically make sense.Comparing the game directly to Deus Ex and such of course doesn't make sense, but as you can see above, some of its gameplay elements are present in limited form, and incidentally I (Fervent Deus Ex fanatic.) have played the game already for over 40 hours even though a relaxed play-through takes from 25 (There's a speedrun achievement.) up to 100 minutes. I have no idea what happened onHLTBwhere the average of all playstyles says something about 8 hours - nope, never, that's complete BS. Anyway, it's not remotely like those action adventure games, but in a very metaphorical way you have the same kind of game freedom / action / tool using / inventory managing going on.It's a great game which I give a firm thumbs-up with both hands."
,Recommended,297120,10120545,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Mrfatpepper,"Fun first person ""awesomeness""  all i can say after that is enjoy the ride."
,Recommended,297120,10121445,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Dyl0n,Fun game. A worm scared the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me.7 Hours of gameplay later..Worms still scare the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me. Amazing game though. Worth the $10.
,Recommended,297120,12406431,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Colin Spooky,So scary I probably won't play it again.
76561197961349661,Recommended,297120,12222804,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Kawaii Thomas,"It's an FPS roguelike with kinda retro style quirks.  If that sounds even remotely interesting to you, buy it.  I had fun with it."
76561198022395043,Recommended,297120,24866430,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,your_breakfast,A simply made yet very fun FPS with randomy generated levels and permadeath (aka rougelike). An indie game in the best sense of that term. I almost instantly started to like it. Would totally recommend.
76561198109238901,Recommended,297120,13204126,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Nip Nip,really fun
,Recommended,297120,31187294,Posted: 16 April,all,Pure,"Oh, I get it because the bullets are heavy."
,Recommended,297120,18783917,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,SlowZ,"Have you ever been on LSD? If not, check this game out."
76561198019161173,Recommended,297120,24833436,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Deltasmoke,"Fantastic game, I had none of the micro-stuttering issues that I've seen complained about and had an almost entirely positive experience with this title. Replayability certainly exists though once you've beaten the final level it doesn't have quite the depth of say, Isaac or Enter the Gungeon.  Frankly I don't see this in enough people's library and it is a shame.Overall 8.5/10Recommendation: BUY IT on sale (Currently 2.74 CAD at 75% discount)"
,Recommended,297120,12118496,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Ћ Abomination Jones,"This is pretty fun to kill some time with. Though GG NO RE on the last level where enemy lasers are outright unavoidable because suspicious accuracy.Nerf flying turrets, that aside it's actually real fun. Just the RIGHT level of unfair for a roguelike. Not too easy, not too stupid."
,Recommended,297120,24933717,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,StropDassen,pretty saucy
,Recommended,297120,10401221,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,bread,great atm machines in this game
,Recommended,297120,13209739,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,SillySixPin,"It's an FPS Roguelike, 3 life points with save exit level prgression, randomly generated items and levels. The sound in it reminds of older arcade and atari games, with loud beeps and colorful simply shaped enemies and environments. My favorite part is how careful you need to be with you ammo since you only get a few bullets, but you can recycle the ones you can pick up that you have already shot."
,Recommended,297120,22747094,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Duncan Hunter,Genuinely challenging arcade shoot-em-up with cyberpunkish theme? Oh hell yes.
,Not Recommended,297120,16407451,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,TRUCKFIST,"Some good ideas in here.  Solid aesthetic aided by great sound design.  The biggest problems are lack of depth and lack of diversity.  There are very few enemy types, very little variation in environment with almost no use of meaningful props.  Not much in the way of weapons, either.  There was a basis here for a great roguelike, but I think it just wasn't taken far enough."
,Not Recommended,297120,17276140,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Quinn,"It's not fun or refreshing after the first hour.  After that, it's just charmless and hard.  And I will say I really did try.  I sat for a few hours three days in a row.  Didn't get past level 3.  I decided to take a few weeks' break and come back.  That didn't work.  Even tried this approach a third time and nothing but frustration to be found.If you've got something to prove, this is the game for you.  If you wanna have fun like the rest of us, though;  I would not recommend."
76561198068648180,Not Recommended,297120,17965458,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Master of Suicide™,"Well... what do i say...It got trading cards!Jeezes...its not a good game I realy tried tolike it but this game...Crashed on Startup, one class of enemys in the first 2 levels...Sound: 4/10Gameplay 7/10Atmosphere 2/10Story 2/10Buy it if you want to have something to scare persons out of yourroom, or if you are hunting for Trading cards,"
,Recommended,297120,22841773,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,PIROSTAGMA,I enjoy playing this game and want to give it more time but goddamn the color of those walls are annoying and really eye tiring.
,Recommended,297120,22960674,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,FourWhoAreOne,BULLETS EVERYWHERE
76561198108327053,Recommended,297120,22977621,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Soldiers booty,"Awesome game!, i've only just bought it today and i can see why it's rated so positively :)I also love the challenge it presents as you get further and further through the gameoverall, LOVE IT :D"
,Not Recommended,297120,35073074,Posted: 19 September,all,Waxthor,"Regardless of how much fun you have while playing this nice retro dungeon crawler, the entire game is quickly ruined by a ridiculous micro-stutter which is has been burried and forgotten by the developers. This freeze happens exactly every 7 seconds as I last tested, it's clearly something easy to pinpoint and fix with a little work, especially since this wasn't a problem before."
,Recommended,297120,13738474,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Athetos,"Warning: this game requires a hefty dose of git gud.For some strange reason, Heavy Bullets is really addictive. It's like drugs, only not drugs."
,Recommended,297120,14891213,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Nitor,"A 3D Binding of IsaacIt is a good concept and it is a fun game, but it dose not have enough content to be as replayeble as Isaac.There is a very smal amount of enemys and items. This makes the game boring very quckly.Buy this game when it is no slale. It is a good 3-4 houes of fun"
,Recommended,297120,18824728,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Nic the Cage,"Don't be fooled by the simple learning experience that is the first level of Heavy Bullets' multi-floored journey. What follows is a test of wits, reflexes, and patience. This game will chew you up and spit you out whole if you do not approach it with caution and accept the fact that you are a new player. Like The Binding of Isaac, you will have to learn the items, the enemies, and, as an extra added bonus, where some of the enemies tend to hide. All of this makes for a fun experience. Not to mention the error-esque colors of the game world's enviornments, which are bound to make you wonder if the facility you are wondering about in is even real to begin with. Who are you? Where are you? And what are you doing? The game's so hard that I haven't made it to the end yet to find out. Very fun. Play it!"
,Not Recommended,297120,24945671,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,GAMER GUNK,"I thought this would be a fun dungeon crawler that would be a little relaxing from dark souls. It may not be as hard, but It's not fun. I love some of devolver's games, like Steamworld Dig, but this isn't their finest work, and I can say that with certainty,"
76561198143811457,Recommended,297120,23212548,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Malk-Shake,Iz gud m8
,Recommended,297120,24066944,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Chaotic,i made it to a high lvl and died and had to restart all over again
,Recommended,297120,22070804,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Nick Crompton,I would give 8/8 m8 would r8Cause replayability man!
,Not Recommended,297120,19083061,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Count Moldy,"This game feels like it could be good. It had potential. Ruined by a bug. It constantly hitches every few seconds. With the pace of this game it leads to death. Many people have had this issue and continue to have this issue.  Not recommended until it is fixed.Edit:Been a long while, got a new pc, decided to give it another shot. Same issue. Not a single piece of the same hardware, different OS. Not worth the meager amount of time I have played it."
,Recommended,297120,26706656,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,"Dosbilliam, Boring But Practical","15 minutes of playtime, 2-3 near-heart attacks from enemies and a constant fear of dying.For a roguelike, that's pretty good. XD"
76561198100625067,Recommended,297120,13819796,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,GOD,good.
,Recommended,297120,19068384,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,boo- | κѕғ,I love this game it's simple fun and quite challenging I hate those snake things but man it was a rush for me xD
,Recommended,297120,14027084,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,PurpleXVI,"Best FPS of 2014, the mechanics are deceptively simple, and at very first you think it's just gonna be repetitive, if a brief distraction, but then you realize that it's actually not quite that shallow. Just managing your, very limited inventory, is a minigame in itself. Do you expect to die, and grab a Last Will? Or do you decide that this is the playthrough you're aiming for a win on, and bring a Cursed Gem or similar powerful boost item?The enemies are also simple, at first, but when you hit mixed groups, you start realizing that they really mix a lot of simple factors into something fun, emergent fun! Snakeworms aren't a problem on their own, sure, but when you gotta watch out for them in the underbrush while blasting imps and dodging turrets, suddenly they up the difficulty scale.It's a game that's gonna hurt you, and be unapologetic about it, but every single time, you'll realize it's your own fault, not the game being ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Which means you're going to keep returning to it.So it's basically like spousal abuse but fun."
,Recommended,297120,19863816,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,GonButNeverForgotten,OMFG I BUY THIS 2 DAYS BEFORE THE SALE AND ITS -80% OFF FOR 2 DOLLARS WAT IS THIS OMFG!!!!!!!!!
76561198074018997,Not Recommended,297120,28212165,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Kurt Cocaine,"I wouldn't waste your time.A very simple game, that get's very boring and repetitive, very quickly."
,Recommended,297120,29169648,Posted: 10 January,all,WarpScanner,Its ok. Little bit too simple for my tastes.
,Recommended,297120,26679040,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Hitline Miamo,It's like The Binding of Isaac but an FPS.
76561198009201598,Recommended,297120,20812679,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Milton Waddams,A good game for rng people.
,Recommended,297120,24820439,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,I am not cool with furfaggotry,THIS GAME IS GOING TO MAKE ME HAVE HEART FAILIURE.IT'S SCARY AS HELL.
,Not Recommended,297120,25188986,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Audion: King of Antics,"Heavy Bullets is an interesting game. But its difficulty seems to rely too much on cheap instant kills as you turn corners and enter new rooms.  Not to mention the horrid lag issues that others have been experiencing for about a year, with no signs of a fix by devs."
,Recommended,297120,28087883,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,R2-D2,Join up Dissyhttps://discord.gg/J75am2Q
,Recommended,297120,19375894,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Sgt Gatorade,10/10 if you're not scared of snakes right now get ready
,Not Recommended,297120,21398876,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,hellstorm102,i really wanted to like this game but i had to refund it because on my system it was having massive pausing/stutter every few seconds.system i was using :i7 4790k 4.0ghz16gb ramwin 7 64 bitGtx 680 4gbi would love to play it if this is resolved.
,Not Recommended,297120,18507378,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Sniferas CSGO500.COM,lol this game 9.99 i buy it like 0.50 or something haha LOL
,Recommended,297120,15536058,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,tzar bomba,Fun interesting game. WARNING: playing it too much can greatly harm your csrosshair placement in counter strike.
76561198172447133,Recommended,297120,14603456,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,rnpitta,"Very smooth, fun, difficult and addiciting game."
76561198068072788,Recommended,297120,14684678,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Logically,The more I play it the more I like it.
,Recommended,297120,14762893,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,𝕿𝖍𝖊 𝖂𝖎𝖟𝖆𝖗𝖉,if you want a roguelike fps this is the game
,Recommended,297120,14798354,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,ILikePizza,"Got jumpscared by snakes and got blown up to bits by the ""turret boss"".... 11/10 would die again :)"
,Recommended,297120,32004837,Posted: 27 May,all,New Guy,"Was fun until a snake jumped out of a bush, never playing this again"
,Recommended,297120,24282688,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,digLIT (dab on the haters),F*CK THE WORM MAN. F*CK EM
,Not Recommended,297120,26704455,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,EggsDee,mouse doesnt work after you plug in a controller pls fix
,Recommended,297120,20592230,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Tidreit,"The game is somewhat fun, but annoying at the same time."
76561198094198821,Recommended,297120,16783571,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,The Triggerman,So Fun But So Hard.
,Recommended,297120,14331125,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,i have a bag on my head,*shoots bullets*oh sweet theyre reusable!*sees imp*woah there nelly what are you then...*imp attacks*NUU STAHP IT M8*shoots imp**gets attacked by worm*WHOWHATWHEREWHYHOWNOSTOPARGHRAGE8/8 would play again m8
76561198036551091,Recommended,297120,31867460,Posted: 20 May,all,JGlitch,"You need to be fast, accurate and clever to succeed, pretty artstyle, me likey."
,Recommended,297120,19067650,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Feared Alien Voodoo,Harder than steel balls yet beautiful as ♥♥♥♥.
,Not Recommended,297120,19177459,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Near,"This is a twitchy shooter game. But there's  game-breaking periodic stutter/lag spike that many others experience, but the dev hasn't fixed. Until that's fixed I can't recommend this game."
,Recommended,297120,26562860,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Microwave,Bomb Bugs are the worst thing
,Recommended,297120,20279726,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Bones,Very interesting concept. I've enjoyed the time I've played but I might have been dissappointed had I paid more than two dollars.If you don't have aiming skills like a terminator you may want to pass.
76561198130514798,Not Recommended,297120,12945394,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,amphetamachine,"tl;dr: GAME IS BROKENI loved this game, I really did. I loved the entire aesthetic, the enemies, the randomness, and the hair-pulling frustration.I loved this game to pieces when it still worked, which is why it's so hard for me to give it a thumbs down.The game is broken in a way that is just subtle enough to make it next to impossible to beat. It stutters every once in a while and the view lags behind where the player actually is, causing unnecessary YASD and frustration. All because the dev refuses to fix this broken game.Hundreds of people have complained about this glitch. The dev knows about it, but have left the game to rot forover a year. Games that have such a serious glitch shouldn't go on sale. I'm at my wits end. Maybe a stream of negative reviews will get them to fix it, but they already have my money."
76561198104535134,Recommended,297120,30053654,Posted: 20 February,all,Lontum,Maby the bullets wouldn't be so heavy if you laid off the LSD...
76561198116822462,Not Recommended,297120,14009650,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,shepardfikson,i dont recomend this.
,Not Recommended,297120,15647235,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Bagel,"It looks very nice and it played alright. It wasn't my cup of tea and I didn't really feel compelled to play for an extended period so I I can't really recommend it. Maybe I'll come back to this later, but for now, just no."
,Recommended,297120,10122768,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Apollow,"Heavy Bullet is an addicting ""Arcade feeling"" game.Hell, it even has jumpscares.. (Damn wormes..)That beeing said, you should have some aiming skill since you can die very easily.Great game, loving it!"
,Recommended,297120,30888812,Posted: 1 April,all,Randinator,Painful
76561198012854670,Not Recommended,297120,22818037,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,FelCros,"Hitching makes the game just barely unplayable. too bad, wouldve been a nice little roguelike"
76561198041324282,Recommended,297120,17524495,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Robbus,"First experience.1, Try out gun2. realize you have to run back to get the bullets and reload your gun3. find a secret wall with a sacred blade and a wall that says free the imps4. find a bank and deposit the blade and 3 cents5. Kill some enemies no pressure at all they're not so hard :-)6. reach lvl 27. find a bottle of antidote drink it instantly and get bit by a snake right after8. run around in panic looking for a way to heal9. finds a machine that sells heal for 50c while you have 49c....♥♥♥♥♥♥im dying10. Keep running around looking for 1c and open a door revealing a robot that shoots me with a lazer11. scream and soil pants a bit12. Repeat9/11 why am i never ever ducking lucky( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
,Not Recommended,297120,25209897,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,GERMA AKA THE GOD OF DEAD MEMES,"It's really over-rated, id rather buy 7 copies of 'Bit blaster xl' than buy this at full price.The game is very repetative and gets boring quickly. Not recommended for the full price."
,Not Recommended,297120,19861049,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Rogus,"little variety in gameplay, boring enviroments and enemies, the graphics are just gross,  really boring game overall, not worth it, even if it's 75% off"
76561198154207714,Recommended,297120,22800281,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Adam,"It's a really fun and addictive game, even though it's a kind of a challenge. Very nice little game to have. I give it a 7/10"
,Recommended,297120,19320544,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,buildbanner,I have never been more scared to low-poly models of snakes and black balls that chase you around(I cant get past level 1)
,Recommended,297120,25436340,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Toxzzi,"honestly a really good single player game but if you don't like a difficult game then you need to find another single player shooter but all an all i love this game its fun, difficult, and one of the best games i've ever played i reccommend this to anyone who likes single player games"
76561198072913345,Recommended,297120,17548246,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Dawner,I loved the part where a pile of bombs charged at me and pulled an Allahu Ackbar.1337/420
,Recommended,297120,31397601,Posted: 27 April,all,Ashton,"It's a fps rougelike, what's not to rougelike amirite? Get it, like ""what's not to like"" but with rouge, because it's a rogue like. Heh, i crack myself up sometimes."
,Not Recommended,297120,16312790,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Piddles,"The limited ammo isn't really a problem unless you're one of those kinds that just can't hit things even though theres a crosshair. This turns into a problem later, though after you find enemies that are harder to hit (smaller damage areas, faster moving, etc.)Even so, after you figure out an enemy's gimmick and how to handle them, they dont become a problem unless you're facing more than 5 at a time, which is (thankfully) rare.Items are neat and can change how you play a bit, but nothing too dramatic.Cool idea, but rouge-lite. You can save money in a bank and pull it out in a different run, kind of invalidating any need for money (which you can use at the many vending machines littered about to buy items) if you play long enough.No to rouge-lites"
76561198078498531,Recommended,297120,14746154,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Ok,very addicting. my only complaint is that posion is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ total run ruiner.
,Recommended,297120,29170690,Posted: 10 January,all,Fuzzy Crumpet Nuggets 257,"It's an interesting FPS that kind of makes you feel like you're in 1980s movie-esque virtual reality. There are a number of items you can pick up, both weapons and tools, as well as the ability to sell things and buy equipment as well as extra health, etc. There are a few monsters and a few automatic laser turrets as enemies, it's basically just trying to get as far as you can before you die. You can also buy 'insurance' and make a bank account so you don't lose all the money you make. The most negative thing about this game is feeling too cocky and trying to rush through at ease only to walk over some plants and get killed by a poisonous worm thing or something making you lose all. I often find my self yelling ""SON OF A ♥♥♥♥♥,"" then deciding to call it a day. It's a pretty decent and interesting concept for an FPS, it's fairly cartoony but not overly so, ie when you shoot bullets they kill an enemy then bounce until you walk over them to which you can put them back in your gun. This can keep you on edge because if you don't make a habit of buying extra bullets (which aren't in a pack but single) or picking up your bullets, and quickly reloading, you will find yourself quite screwed as enemies do rush at you, and can often swarm. I really don't know what else to say about this game off the top of my head other than if this were a PSP game, that would freaking be amazing."
,Recommended,297120,28232988,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,beeloy,heavy peenus
,Recommended,297120,17568230,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,rock3tz,Fun.
,Not Recommended,297120,29390475,Posted: 20 January,all,Wakanye West,Love the aesthetic and the gun. Hate the way the game seems to want you to slowly creep around and stockpile money for future rounds. Play Ziggurat or Devil Daggers instead imo
,Recommended,297120,13157459,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,ShinTheKnight,GODDAMN SNAKES SCARED THE♥♥♥♥♥♥OUT OF ME
,Not Recommended,297120,19271546,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,jables,[Awful] -----------------O---------------- [Fantastic]
76561198107189199,Not Recommended,297120,34927798,Posted: 13 September,all,Big Profit (famous),"I consider myself a big rogue-head, and I have to say this is one of the worst rogue-lites I have played. None of the items are interesting, there are like 3 enemy types, it looks like a bad N64 game, the sound is outright offensive, it is bad, and I hate it. I gotta give the game ""Heavy Bullets"" an unprecedented 0/10 stars on the Big Profit scale."
,Not Recommended,297120,12870840,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Pandemon1c,"I really want to like this game. It SEEMS really good. Unfortunately there has been a bug since it launched which causes the crosshair to not lock to center screen so it moves around freely making it next to impossible to aim and navigate properly. The dev knows about this issue, but all of the suspected causes do not apply to my situation, and the suggested fixes do not remedy the issue."
,Recommended,297120,32755635,Posted: 24 June,all,WE ARE THA SIMSONS,good simp[le addictin gameay. you guys eat samlaml?
,Not Recommended,297120,22847299,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Teh_Bucket,programmer art and programmer sound effects make bucket head hurtthe gameplay didn't redeem anything either. You're paying for a game jam tier product.
,Recommended,297120,16193946,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,🍌CBw/C🍌,goddamn
,Not Recommended,297120,16902981,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Gendoss,"Don't get me wrong, even though this is a negative review, I HIGHLY recommend this game, but because of the glitches that are present, I couldn't play for that long, but from the gameplay I have played, it plays awesome!Whenever I start the game up, it will always crash, until i try playing it again. Commonly, whenever I start the game, every piece of text turns to squares, the screen is black or so dark that I can BARELY see the menu buttons, or all of the above. I can rarely even open the game free of glitches. I don't know if it has been happening to a lot of people, but it's definitely a glitch that I can't get around and forced me to get a refund on this great game."
76561198028274459,Not Recommended,297120,11423946,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,arthurbelling,Interesting concept. But that is about as far as this one gets. Even for $10 dollars I expected more depth or at least a greater variety of enemies and weapons/ power-ups. Feels like a game that needs work and the developer does not seem to feel like working on something the early access crowd has already purchased anyway. Leave this game alone.
76561198014665763,Not Recommended,297120,12929981,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Rufus,"It's not that Heavy Bullets is a bad game, it's just that there are much better games out there. Heavy Bullets feels bland and monotonous compared to games like Tower of Guns and Ziggurat. Perhaps it's the single weapon, perhaps it's the lack of enemy variety. It may be the extremely basic and unappealing graphics; I can't quite put my finger on what makes Heavy Bullets so boring in such a short amount of time, although I suspect it's a bit of all of those things.In any case, as mentioned above, buy Ziggurat or Tower of Guns instead; they are much better games."
,Recommended,297120,10121934,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Skeeder,I don't advise getting this game if you don't have any skill :p
76561198042229229,Not Recommended,297120,13555644,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,SgtPackets,Very boring and linear. Would not recomend
,Recommended,297120,32908995,Posted: 27 June,all,exura,achiev
76561198222648532,Not Recommended,297120,22095915,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Lightdarkman,boring after a little play
76561198045186731,Recommended,297120,12854306,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,7 Time Logie Winner Asher Keddie,"Found high heels, killed by exploding testicles, still looked fabulous 11/10"
,Recommended,297120,32283631,Posted: 8 June,all,GenoHacker,it gud
76561198035718532,Not Recommended,297120,28131041,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Harley,"This game manages to feel as nauseatingly close-up as DOOM, even though it has a fully developed 3D engine. The visuals are an assault of neon textures without any lighting or distinction between what's a wall,prop, or opening to another room. If you like motion sickness and wandering around a floor for long periods of time trying to figure out where the next room is, (because the hallways have no lighting and usually look like walls) then this is the game for you"
,Not Recommended,297120,15550593,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Al Djeafnte,"Visual style makes it just problematic to see anything, no descriptions on what anything does, and poor/inconsistent hitboxes makes for an extremely disappointing title.Success isn't rewarding, failure doesn't feel meaningful.  This is a shell of a game, a demo that was developed in lieu of ever completing a project."
,Not Recommended,297120,12319824,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,MikeASchneider,"I play games with a controller on my TV, almost exclusively. With that setup, Heavy Bullets made me motion sick. That never happens to me. I think it's caused by the combination of poorly calibrated controller controls (the acceleration curve is very poorly mapped to the left analog stick, and aiming with the right stick feels completely off), the very wide FOV, and the extremely fast maximum running speed.I love the idea, and I love the style and music, but Heavy Bullets is, for me, unplayable. If you play games with a mouse and keyboard on a monitor rather than a TV, your experience will probably be different from mine, but I cannot recommend Heavy Bullets in its current form with my setup. This is my first negative Steam review and it makes me very sad to post it, but I'd prefer to be honest."
76561198047192609,Not Recommended,297120,33787995,Posted: 25 July,all,Lootwig von Baithoven,"I got bored of this game pretty fast, it's not challening enough, enemies are almost stationary or at least it feels that way because they're too easy to hit, very slow pace, for a rogue-like this game feels awefully reptitive and I know that the gimmick is that you just have a revolver and reuse its bullets, but the lack of variety in weapons or even just bullet types makes for very boring gameplay, it's very basic.There is hardly any variety in enemies, they all feel pretty similar to me, they're all easy to deal with, movements are very basic and predictable, cheaper rogue-likes offer a wider variety of enemies which set up more interesting gameplay and actually offer a challenge, the enemies in this game are hard to deal with if you can't hit a stationary target or a target that moves in a straight line.Definitely not worth its price tag, wouldn't recommend, it may be unique-ish in some way, but what should matter is the gameplay and in my opinion it's dull, sorry to step on the toes of some people in the comment section, but this doesn't qualify as a proper rogue-like and it's very lackluster as an fps.I compare this game to other games within the same price range and the other games are just straight up better than this game in every single way, that's why I don't think this game is worth buying.I only have about 20 minutes of time into this game, sure, but this game's mechanics are very simple and it certainly isn't like there's a wealth of content to explore, everything just feels the same and it ends up becoming very monotonous fast, that's why I couldn't stand playing more of this game than I have."
,Recommended,297120,10122178,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,cyberpunk99x,This is amazing! I literally dreamed of a game like this! I wag my tail for you! *O*
,Not Recommended,297120,21341030,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,M⌬rtius,"Stuttering makes this otherwise good game unplayable. In a game where quick reactions and responsiveness is key, such micro stuttering ruins the whole experience, this is unforgivable for a game that is pretty mediocre in graphics and should be able to run on a high end rig. Avoid this game until the issue is fixed!"
,Not Recommended,297120,31847744,Posted: 19 May,all,Neuro - L4D2 CC,Not worth even 1 euro.+ Original graphical atmosphere.- Extremly short.- Repetitive.- runs bad even on high end super calculator. You'll have some lag at times for unknown reason as this game is realy simple graphicaly.
,Not Recommended,297120,12253142,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Flehzy,Needs more shrek.
76561198067962078,Not Recommended,297120,11543147,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Pony Montana,"Boooooo!  What the ♥♥♥♥ happened Devolver?  Did the entire development team suffer an onset of Parkinson's disease during hietus?  Seriously, that was some dirty pool suckering ten dollars from me for this technicolor merry-merry-go-♥♥♥♥-yourself ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.  I want my money back, steam."
76561198009782895,Not Recommended,297120,11088510,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,GabberDoesLinux,boring
,Recommended,297120,17050480,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,SuperJesse64,"Fantastic aesthetics and an interesting concept, yet very challenging from the very first level. This is a game that just waits for you to make a wrong move or get reckless at the worst possible moment. The ambience, soundtrack, and near-perfect framerate make this game come alive, while the old-school polygon graphics and sounds, coupled with the enemy variety, randomly generated maps, and whatnot make this game a fantastic break from Triple-A First Person Shooters. I highly recommend this to anyone who enjoys challenging video games or just wants to waste a few minutes by popping some monsters in the face with a six-shooter."
,Recommended,297120,15532952,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,lilgreasy,yea it good
76561198190009994,Recommended,297120,16944522,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,maxattack,"This game is really fun! Its fast paced, and involves a pistol with re usable bullets!"
,Recommended,297120,17335713,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,SuperFatUnicorn,Nice but needs mod support
,Recommended,297120,17344035,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Typical_Insane,a realy good game
,Recommended,297120,17364159,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,re: werecat,A fun roguelike shooter. Great if you enjoy that genres.The only bad things I can say was that when I played though I do remember some proformance drops when turning corners sometimes and I don't think vsync worked on linux.
,Not Recommended,297120,14216570,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Summer Hopeflyte,"2015 EDIT AS OF 11/4/15So, the developer has dropped this game and ran. After people complained enough in the forums, he finally said he was releasing a ""fix"" in the next coming weeks, which from what I can ascertain, never came out. So people pestered him on the forums some more, he said he'd try to get it out in the ""next week or so"" after it never came out, people, again, questioned him on the forums. What did we get? Nothing, and it's been like that for a few months now. Don't buy the game. The developer has given up on it. A shame too, it was a perfectly good game. Goddamnit, this happens too much to good games. F*ck you, developer.OLD REVIEWNO LONGER RELEVANT, LEAVING IT HERE FOR ARCHIVAL PURPOSES ONLY.-----This game really takes a meat cleaver and cuts of all the fat surrounding the ""Rouge-like""catagorization.The game itself is simple, yet odly fun.You go into the game, a suppposed security failure has happend and security turrets are opening fire on customers to the hunting grounds, you were sent into to, yep, basically kill everything. This game is just great, I don't see how it could get better.Maybe another gun?Hey, but that's just me.The game itself is very simplistic graphics and style wise, and has a very dungeon-like feel, what with the 3 hearts and such.The game itself is difficult, increasing each level, i myself got clusterf*cked by turrets on the 4th level.All around great game, I usually play it if i'm bored or want ti oass some time, amazing game.If you want a rouge like game, that dare I say is actually a ROUGE LIKE, buy this game,10$ Is a great price for a game this beautiful"
76561198213042325,Recommended,297120,18622624,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,CerealKitten,"This game has been the highlight of much of my gaming time. I was recently able to connect a PS4 to my laptop...this game, as impossible as it may seem, gets like a million times better with a controller. Not only would I recommend this game to my friends, but I actually force it onto my roommate. There are some things that would make this, already fantastic game, all the better: adding more algorthmic possibilities for the room structures and layouts would add some more fear to the game, in the two hours of gameplay I have experienced, I have already started to notice some patterns. It would also be great to be able to have a sort of co-op or competitive co-op implimented into this game. It would also be great if this game were to be released on home consoles *cough* PS4 *cough* but whatever you do with this game, just know it is f***ing amazing. Lastly, I would love to see an endless mode for this game (dispite not being able to get past level 3).overall 100/10 would buy and will play again"
,Recommended,297120,18605031,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Vinylicpuma3,Pretty fun game. The only problem is that the game randomly stutters. I'm not sure why this is but it can definitely throw you off.
76561198162483497,Recommended,297120,18753219,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,baochan120,"Beautiful, frustrating, and fun. One of the games I keep loading up when I have a few minutes to kill."
76561198217598644,Recommended,297120,18750316,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,ajh0123,"Do you like unique indie games?  Do you like games that don't take time to explain every little thing you could easily figure out on your own?  Do you like FPS games?  And do you like a good challenge?   If so, then I couldn't recommend this game more :)"
,Recommended,297120,30560943,Posted: 16 March,all,Univizum,"As soon as I started this game I was ""Greeted"" by excellent retro music and a nice animated background of bullets. Excited to play the game I jumped right in, ill tell you this; the game is HARD. Those eight levels are hell, it will definitely take lots of practice or quick, accurate aim from other games. This game takes high noons to the next eight levels.All you get is six bullets, you run out and fail to recollect them, you're dead. Your accuracy sucks? Well this game gives no ♥♥♥♥s, you are dead. Once you die, you get sent all the way back to the start. But don't get too scared, you get money that you can use to upgrade your gun, health, quantity of bullets, and more! Once you die all your money and upgrades are lost but, you get to put money in these banks that you can find around the levels. These things can give your money back and it doesn’t even matter if you're in a different timeline!The banks however,  gave me at least some trouble. You have to make the decision of whether you're confident that you wont die and keep your money, or face the facts and stuff it all in. Once you die, unless you use a certain item or buy insurance, all of your money is gone. You can never get the lost money back.Although each enemy is a one hit kill if you shoot them, you may have to shoot them in certain places. Animals crumble in single shots but armored turrets need their batteries shot if you want to take one down. Something may or may not even give you a surprise when you step in a bush ;)Anyway, I recommend you at least try this game unless you are too much of a ♥♥♥♥♥ to play rouge-lite games. If you do try it; good luck and make sure to aim for the batteries :)"
76561198113873822,Recommended,297120,15553148,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,meep,"Strangely enough, this game reminds me very strongly of the Beta footage of Bioshock from E3.Only hopped up on enough crack cocaine to make your eyes bleed."
,Recommended,297120,18147730,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,яєсоіı.опз,Hard and punishing... like your **** *****Thats how i like my roguelike.Also cool design10/10
,Recommended,297120,18562489,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,FrozenFish37,"It's a nice, casual, arcade thing.7/10"
,Not Recommended,297120,18337923,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Grehg,The premise is derivative and the combat is unforgiving and tedious.
,Recommended,297120,19108210,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,mdkp,"This is a really fun game to pass the time, similar to old arcade games of eras' past.  The bullets have a cool feature of being able to be recollected and that really adds value to them, since they are so rare.  Point gun at enemy, shoot said enemy, acquire money."
,Recommended,297120,19103164,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Torna,"Fun, addictive, definitely worth the buy."
,Recommended,297120,19101941,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Bazoogle,"Very fun arcade style game. It's like taking Battlefield games, morphing it with PacMan and Zelda, then making it good, unlike one of the games I listed... (I'll give you a hint, it isn't PacMan or Zelda) The more you play the more you find out, it is a lot more in depth then it seems. This game offers a lot more strategy then just, ""Shoot fast"" and with the vending machines there is so much to do. If you were on edge about it, just buy it. It is a really fun game with a lot more then it looks."
,Recommended,297120,19064136,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,{Echelon Go} Chrome,"10/10 dead ends, would reload again"
76561197966688869,Recommended,297120,19061634,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,AllGodsGlory,good game
,Recommended,297120,19081167,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,LordTeflonV,"Awesome game, I played it for kinda while as you can see and I have never actually finished it. I wish there was more arcade shooters like this one."
,Recommended,297120,19023708,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,ManmadePlatypus,"Really enjoyable FPS roguelite (not fully rogue due to banking system, but otherwise is). Good trigger finger reaction time recommended for certain encounters! Teaches financial planning and resource management as biproducts while playing. Should appeal to the speed-running community as well.I advise rebinding either the steam overlay hotkeys or the in-game hotkey for bombs, as you will bomb yourself while going into overlay mode if you don't.The only real negative I have run into is the game's tendency to drop frames at critical moments of combat. Normally runs  at 180+ fps when frame rate limit is removed.EDIT: After browsing forum topics, it seems the game may have been abandoned, so the fps stutter issue may never be fixed. Buy with caution."
,Recommended,297120,19043975,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Bee Movie 2,"Good game, fun"
76561198025093178,Recommended,297120,19015169,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,ihKu47,"I was intrigued but a bit iffy with the game, so I bought it at a huge discount. I must say, I got more than my money's worth and the full price should be right on the money with this one.Not much to say about the game that wasn't already on the store page. It's intense, colourful, playful and fun. You'll need decent reaction times and a good aim to deal with the enemies, as well as a keen eye to spot the kinds that like to hide in the environment. Levels are randomly combines, though you'll probably recognize some of the rooms from your previous playthroughs (this happened to me once in 70 minutes of gameplay). Ammo collection mechanic makes every encounter meaningful, the items you can get offer different approaches to a variety of situations and the banking system allows you to have your more casual playthroughs contribute as increased resources for the playthrough you try to beat the game on.One complaint is the cheap death I got in the first boss fight: I had no idea what I might be facing, and there was very little time to react once the door opened. This is pretty standard in the genre though, and my first encounter did give me enough info to know what to do the next time, so that's not so big of a deal.If the game looks fun, buy and enjoy!"
76561198051058155,Not Recommended,297120,19028792,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Helghast kitty,"Aim is kinda bad for controller and mouse, even with vsync and mouse smoothing turned off. I was also getting alot of stuttering on a gtx765m. Looked like a good game though."
,Recommended,297120,18985116,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,kickassez,"I really can recommend this game!The gameplay is smooth and satisfying.. If you die, it's normally your fault. :)Easy to play, hard to master."
76561198103080705,Not Recommended,297120,19012214,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,SnoppPanda,I would rate this game good but everytime I click in-game it flashes and exists sorry.
,Recommended,297120,17854324,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Gibby,If you want a game that will make you wanna cry but play more after dieing buy this game. If you hate hard games buy this game if you like gingers buy this game.If you wish fps could be more diffcult buy this game. If you hate worms do not buy this game. It wil make you wanna kill every worm ever created by mankind.
,Recommended,297120,17568498,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Peanits,"Fast and fun. Difficulty comes from adding new enemies that attack from different angles rather than buffing health or something.Also, you feel like a god at aiming when you're done."
,Recommended,297120,17571358,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Nightmare,"Fun, challenging, rogue-like game. I bought it while itwas on sale, but after playing i'd say it's definitly worth paying the full price."
,Recommended,297120,17555047,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,xToad36x,"A tense rouge-like Shooter where everything is scarce. Just the way I like it. Not super challenging at first, but just wait till floor 4..."
,Recommended,297120,17557818,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,@W€$0M3_B4NG!,INCREDIBLE FUNNING'S 6/4
,Recommended,297120,17592011,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,upgradecsgo.com emerald.gg,I really recommend this game to ppl who like to kill time.
,Recommended,297120,16659287,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Lip Service,"Brilliant. It felt like an FPS Binding of Isaac but far more tense, tough and tasteful. Colorful, hard and seemingly simple aesthetic but it fits the ridiculous physics and arcade-like, rogue-like atmosphere.I's Doom + Binding of Isaac + Colors - Demented Hellspawn."
76561197991632494,Recommended,297120,13405468,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Aiursrage2k,Great game. So soft you'll love it.
,Recommended,297120,13539180,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,MiniTimTim,10/10Would die again.
,Recommended,297120,13575235,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,KingDetonation,"If you like Fast-paced Roguelike shooters, then take a look at this game."
,Recommended,297120,16283943,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Terro Lord Of Cinder,A rougelike game  high speed tension and catlike reflexesGreat game worth the money and timemy youtube channelhttps://www.youtube.com/channel/UC9FdUK6KLvE3YklNWWCCb9g
,Recommended,297120,17931085,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,more3000 hellcase.com,loved the game but it could use some mulitplayer 8/10
76561198022412491,Recommended,297120,16917036,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,MightyPinto,"♥♥♥♥ this game.  I can't count how many times I've said that since I purchased Heavy Bullets back in September '14, but I keep coming back to it.  Once I got the ""Self-Made Winner"" achievement, I thought I was done.  I was wrong.  It won't let me leave, it won't let anyone leave.  LIBERATE TUTUME EX INFERIS"
,Recommended,297120,17465557,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,maxwelld,"A little nice adventure in concrete-and-neon jungle. You will get some frustration and, eventually, fun. Hard enough to appreciate rarest achievements."
,Not Recommended,297120,17601172,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Stalaw,"A brutally punishing FPS with tight controls and precise shooting.Despite the above being true, this game lacks. Almost every death is cheap with snakeworms poisoning you with barely any health left on level 7. If it isn't snakeworms, it's the ridiculously powerful turrets (especially the ones that fire ROCKETS at you).The bosses are the worst part - they're always far too quick for you to even understand what's happening as both of the 2 bosses last usually less than 15 seconds. Unless you have the focus pills (single-use slow motion powerup), you'll systematically either die or come out of the fight with half a heart left.Besides all that, it's nevertheless a good FPS.Did I mention performance? It's all over the place - I've read reviews in which performance was perfect, and others that complained about low FPS, which I have to confirm. The game runs poorly on a GTX970 and i5-4690k @ 3.50Ghz, a PC able to play almost any game on ultra with a steady framerate. This includes stuff like MGSV, Far Cry 4, Crysis 3, and other generally demanding games.The game doesn't look bad, but judging by the low amount of polygons and textures, there's really no excuse for it to dip down to 30-40FPS at random intervals.If you find it on sale, buy it. Despite my review being mostly negative, there are a lot of positive aspects to the game - but also negatives."
76561198030702303,Recommended,297120,17606083,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Grayson,"I was doing a great run. Level 5, 5 hearts, plenty of money, and a good item. I turned a corner to a stand of megabombs. Hiding behind the stand, just out of sight, was an explosive creature. It ran at me and blew up in less than a second, setting off the bombs on the table. Before I could even gauge what just happened in that less than a second, the bombs that were released by the Megabombs blew me up, killing me. I was seething lava.Recommended if you're into that kind of thing."
,Recommended,297120,17612260,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Rushin' Russian,You were killed by a snakeworm.
,Recommended,297120,17621275,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Wrinkly Chimp,"A game that takes a lot of patience. You will die constantly, and instantly want to try again. Great game!"
76561197977069906,Recommended,297120,17645618,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,BonsaiKitten,80mph running speedCan kill anything with one shotConstantly die to a worm creature that doesn't even move10/10 would lower self esteem again
,Recommended,297120,16936783,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Office Pirate,"Heavy Bullets provides a simple, yet challenging objective for even most experienced players."
,Recommended,297120,16843474,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Homebro McHambone,"Reciever on Acid.Don't do drugs, kids."
,Not Recommended,297120,17975487,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,ChaseDAce,trying not to rage after the last run but i will try to make a review heavy bullets isn't so bad of a game and everything is entirely on the player such as if you die when you have 1000 coins you were the one who decided not to bank them however the game feels unfair at alot of points such as those unshootable chargers if you get trapped in a by a charger then your ♥♥♥♥ed if you don't have bombs so if you are looking for a fair game that gives you atleast a little chance this isn't it i gues that rage quit episode was there for a reason
76561197964772360,Recommended,297120,13347234,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,StraightUpJay,"You have a 6-shot revolver to destroy enemies with, the bullets from which remain in the environment and can be retrieved after. It's super simple, but very challenging, fun and puts to great use the whole concept of risk versus reward. Defeated enemies drop coins which you can use to purchase items and upgrade yourself with, but once you die...you die, this is a permadeath game and defeat means restarting again from level one, however you can boost your next playthrough by depositing surplus coins in the previous life at banking terminals randomly placed in each level. Levels and enemies are also randomly generated, so there's no chance of gaining the advantage by learning the corners and hiding places, you have to be alert at all times, and even when you feel completely confident in yourself, something unforseen will usually spring out of nowhere and put you in your place. The more you advance, the more you stand to lose, can you reach the final level? (I certainly havn't...yet). Love this game, you might too."
,Recommended,297120,14064741,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Headshotcatcher,"Charming roguelite shooter, excellent music, presentation and gunplay. Replay value can be a bit low after you finish the game, but I still got a solid 6 hours out of it. Recommended if you can pick it up for 7,50 or less!"
,Recommended,297120,13511694,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,exparrot,"Lots of fun, some unique mechanics. Would be useful if items' effects were explained better."
,Recommended,297120,14042915,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,BadTanMan,"Pretty hard, but keeps me coming back. Excellent time waster"
,Recommended,297120,13967675,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Badonj,"Everything about this game feels fair, and all deaths are your fault. Except for ♥♥♥♥ing Bomb Bugs. ♥♥♥♥ you Bomb Bugs."
76561198071548134,Recommended,297120,25192203,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,The True Correct Guy,Cumbersome projectile simulator.
,Recommended,297120,25864563,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Taylor,"If you're looking for a fun shooter game that you can just pick and play without too much else, then this is your game. There's not a lot of story to it but there's just enough to be interesting and you really just have to rely on your skills to get you through the levels. The whole game is easy to pick up, but that's not to say it's easy. Actually it can get downright brutal. I really enjoy it and anyone who's looking for a simple shooter to test their reflexes will enjoy it too."
,Recommended,297120,26207396,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,AN,A very original and defying game. You should give it a try
,Recommended,297120,26151503,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Touch Mike,"Real fun to play most of the time,BUTRandom level building is absolute sh*t because anything can spawn everywhere and everywhere makes for some impossible situations:Having more than 4 turrets in a single room with the batteriesbehindthem so you can't destroy them from up front, alongside other moving enemiesHaving one of those charging bull-like things spawn around the first corner after reaching a floor, which makes it impossible to pass or even outrun because you can't get past itHaving those exploding things placed so that they immediately explode after they see you, with no other way around themI get the whole 'limited supplies thing' but having so many different items but no possibility to carry more than 1 (or 2 with a bag) is makes it feel like such a waste everytime you have to leave something behindBUTI still recommend this game, since the above problems aren't guaranteed to happen and everything plays so damnsmoothoh, and the soundtrack is amazing and sound effects really complement the gameplay"
76561198079730701,Recommended,297120,18979333,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,GalaxyZero,"This game, is a wonderful game. It's a great and enjoyable experience, hence you playing it carefully. You cannot just rush through and expect to always survive, every enemy in this game is intelligent and is relentless in their goals of killing you. But it's wonderful. Now even though this game is lacking in story, it's brilliantly designed. Playing through this game teaches you slowly the rules of this world through failure and constant repeats. Maybe you're walking through the factory and you have a half a heart left and you die by a snake. What you learn from that is their are snakes that are lurking in bushes and you have to watch out for them. Or maybe you're feeling a bit like hercules and you got a wave of being super cocky only to get blasted by a turret, but it has a green box which kills it when shot. What does that teach you? That certain enemies have sweet spots. See the great thing about this game is every aspect of it's design and the way it's carefully constructed aims to bring about a tense experience which leaves you always at the edge knowing death can be lurking right around the corner. Also it's similar to the binding of issac as their are certain items you can get by purchasing them from vending machines. Would I recommend it? Yes, absolutely. Is it for the care free gamer? Nope, not at all, play a platformer for that. Is it worth the money? Yep. 10/10"
76561198055106830,Recommended,297120,25933014,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,OceanGangsOfIowa|SurfsUp!!!!,"Probably one of the toughest rogue-like games i have ever played. Haven't gotten that far, it can be frustrating but the upgrades and items are in my opinion, very well designed. The banking and ""will"" system is pretty awesome as well (possibly unique), making it easier to set yourself up for success. I got this game a long time ago, and i always find myself coming back to it, so it gets more attention then a lot of other games in my library that I never come back too.It is a simple plot and the art style is pretty sweet, the neon/contrasting scheme allows for the enemies to have more POP. It has most of the themes you will find in any other regular rogue likes such as secret rooms and random purchasable items. Not sure if there are any bosses, i have only come across the very fast/sneaky animal enemies and the turrets. Depending on your preference for gameplay (are you a fast paced go-go-go shooter, or are you a slow stealthy look for secrets) you may find this game frustrating if you are the first. I say that because the enemies move quickly and are sneaky ♥♥♥♥♥, so for me if I am moving too quickly i get stuck in bad situations easily and i also miss key cards or secret rooms. There is a mechanic in the game that may♥♥♥♥♥♥some people off, which is the locking of doors behind you that can occur as you progress forward. This prevents you from going back to get items or find secrets etc. Kind of annoying but it forces the player (if they care enough) to move slowly through the environment and inspect everything before moving forward.Combat feels awesome, you get a gun with 6? bullets and the best thing about your gun is you can pick up your ammo after shooting. Most of the upgrades do NOT apply to your gun, they are for giving you more tools to survive not necessarily for amping up your guns firepower. This game does not appear to be a bullet-hell, so dont expect crazy situations of 15-20 enemies converging on you as you blast a millions lazer jet flying, most crazy situations i have been in were maybe 7-8 enemies in a room and not all had noticed me. Now that might not hold true for later levels, but the upgrades and items dont necessarily lend to a bullet-hell play style. It is definitely more stealth focused in my opinion.Though it is tough, i always find myself coming back to this game."
,Recommended,297120,27231963,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,shii 🍣,S N A K E W O R M S
,Recommended,297120,26756581,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,SimonTNG,Omg level 8 and die ... ♥♥♥♥ this game >:D8/10
,Recommended,297120,26890290,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,8DSK,"Heavy Bullets Review Headline To Grab Your EyesIt has fast pace gameplay, appealing graphics, good soundtrack, fun difficulty, and with rogue-lite features to top it off.Though it does have its problem some being fps stuttering; minimal to a lot depending on the graphics card and the standard turrets seen ingame seem a bit too trigger happy.But besides that it's a great game to play for a few hours if your bored or 10+ if you absolutelyloveit,which is not me of course."
,Recommended,297120,26944863,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,CraigerStix,"Fun fast paced casual dungeon rogue FPS, if thats a thing."
76561198159386471,Recommended,297120,26951756,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,drobotalexong,"This game is very good. It is a very action-at-every-corner game. I love how every level is a good length and ramps up at a challenging pace. Gameplay is great. I guess the shop prices could be lowered a bit. But overal, great game, good price, PERFECT."
,Recommended,297120,26975681,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Snowflake62,"Its fun, i can recommend this"
76561198029127570,Recommended,297120,27071141,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Shotgun,"its hard but fair, very fun too."
,Recommended,297120,26864185,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Doctor Boozehound,"Weirdness, weirdness, and more weirdness."
76561198034822360,Recommended,297120,26852077,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,joola,"Very frustrating and demanding game. One life makes it really challenging.Plays very fast, like Doom2 on drugs, the colors look like it too!Easy to learn, hard to master. Liking the world and gun idea very much.No-brainer to buy if in sale!"
,Recommended,297120,26623450,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Cabadiah,"Basically, it's like Doom, Minecraft, and Killer7 had a weird rougelike baby. My only complaint is that no matter what settings I mess with the game likes to stutter and get me killed any time it's loading new rooms or enemies."
,Recommended,297120,26735564,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Beast89,Amazingly fun game. An extremely original and beautiful FPS. It is both frustrating and pleasant. Highly recommended.
76561198057976534,Recommended,297120,26624659,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Ixen55,"I bought it for 2.50 and I couldn't be happier.  ""fps spelunky"" is a reach.  It's a good game and will give you at least an hour or two of entertainment.  I spent the about an hour and the ""rouge like"" aspect never really got brought into it.  It was more ""Learn how to avoid cheap deaths!"" (which I guess does make it like spelunky...) I recommend just because the mechanics are tight and you can spend some time loving it."
,Recommended,297120,26887868,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Zermahli,Recommended! Immense replay value...
,Recommended,297120,25406835,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,★av28,"Heavy BulletsPeople may despise this game, but I love it! Som people think it's th wrong idea, but I totally get it. I like the idea of the reloading system and the way you reuse the bullets. There are a great variety of monsters to defeat as you try and beat eight levels without dying. It is really fun, I'm still attempting to beat it.Overall, the idea of this game is perfect and overwhelmingly difficult. I would recommend this game to many types of gamers who like difficult games and or FPS games.8.5/10"
76561198073252697,Recommended,297120,12368893,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,BabyFace,An LSD cyber-jungle nightmare. it doesn't get any better than this :DDD
,Recommended,297120,12255033,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Jezzu,And here I thought that FTL would sap all my time.
,Recommended,297120,12335665,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,veryhoudini,"Amazing Rogue-like FPS with incredible art style and great game mechanics.  The idea of limited, but retrievable bullets is a brilliant idea that creates a level of intensity thats hard to find.  Few things that make a great game to me is originality, difficulty and creativity, all of which are here.  Digital Devolver never lets me down in their skill of finding fantastic games to publish!"
,Recommended,297120,12238845,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Fisher,"I can't play this game for more than 20 minutes at a time because it's rather frustrating. Mechanics are nto explained very well and upgrades seem useless for most things when at any moment a pink blob thign can come runnign at you and explode you into a million bits. the challenege is fun though, so it's worth it if it's on sale."
76561198051767034,Recommended,297120,12240425,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,granolagolem,I really enjoy this game.  The bullets have a satisfying punch to them and the variety of enemies is great.10/10 the high heels item is fabulous
76561197977556371,Recommended,297120,12247703,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Smarticus,"Fun,  just good ole fashion shooting stuff fun."
,Recommended,297120,12386245,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Rokinath,"This is a pretty intriguing game as it takes some ideals from roguelikes (i.e randomly generated levels & permadeath) and puts them into a FPS enviroment. The catch? You have only 6 bullets for your gun - fortunately these are the titular 'Heavy Bullets' and once discharged can be picked up and used again.Don't think for a second the game is easy, though. As you might expect from a game with roguelike elements, your character is pretty flimsy, and each room usually contains about 2-4 enemies; with your finite bullets this prompts a steady yet swift aim to kill them. The enemy type themselves are few but they each have their own behaviours and traits to get used to and new enemies are met in later floors. Speaking of, there's 8 floors in total, with a boss at the halfway mark at then a climatic boss on the final floor (of course).Along the way you might come across vending machines to aid you and depending on what kind of vendor they are they will sell you health potions, extra bullets and... your last will (like you needed to be further convinced this is a game you won't complete in one run). Alternatively, you might get a keycard to access an otherwise locked off room, which will provide an item (or occasionally a powerup) to further assist you.Graphically the game looks unique. It looks somewhat chunky and uses some vibrant colours; predominantly pink and purple, there's flashes of cyan, green and silver too. The bold visuals, in my opinion, contribute to the tension aswell, as it makes the enviroment feel alien and hostile. Combine that with the synthetic sounding warblings of your character and that of enemies, it feels like you're playing in one hell of a fever dream.In closing, Heavy Bullets manages to provide an incredibly tense experience due its titular mechanic - its not so much a case of ammo conservation, more a case of good marksmanship under pressure (read: having 3-4 enemies chasing after you). The graphics and sound too will help you get immersed in this neon hell, but overcoming its trials is a deeply satisfying experience."
,Recommended,297120,12394503,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,potato of heat,"Really fun game. Great way to spend a bit of time. Simple graphics will draw you in, great mechanics will keep you playing."
76561198013372934,Recommended,297120,12458447,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,TheOhgr_,"Heavy bullets is a Fps of colorful porportions. It has a bold 80s retro aestetic unafraid to follow through with it's creaters vision. The games premise is simple. You've a revolver and six bullets. Survive to level eight and see if you can best the levels randomly generated for you. With roguelite elements like perma death and random generation of levels/item/enemy placement, this game will keep you going with a sense of accomplishment mixed with fear as you near your ever...OH GOD DAMNIT A WORM?! WHY WOULD A WORM BE THERE!i love this game. It's very frustrating and i havent gotten to the first boss but its challenge keeps me in."
,Recommended,297120,13826152,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Heath,SImple yet addicting I find myself playing it once or twice daily. Feels like a game that a modern arcade station requiring 50 cents would be in a life of the game. It is either slow paced and bone chilling or rushed with precision.
,Recommended,297120,13952246,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,FrodoP10,Fun. My go to indie game when I need something to play while I watch YouTube videos. A good RogueLite game.
,Recommended,297120,13183001,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Dominix99,"Heavy Bullets is a unique, rogue-like FPS game that has you on your toes as you are guided through a randomly generated map with different foes to face. As you make your way through different levels, you have vending machines at your disposal to buy items and bullets. Why bullets you ask? You start with a revolver and 6 bullets (this is where the ""heavy"" part comes in) and you are forced to pick them up after you shoot them. It's fun, it's colorful, it's just so cool! I really enjoy myself when playing heavy bullets, it provides a fun and interesting challenge."
76561198098179292,Recommended,297120,13123258,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Accidental Headshot,"Infuriatingly difficult for those who either are very bad at FPSes, or for those who can't shoot well at high speeds. I am both of these.Only made it to floor 4 so far.8/10"
76561198090657303,Recommended,297120,15282278,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,jego,10/10 Because extremely challenging and fun.
76561198032317640,Recommended,297120,15179633,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,grislexian,"Fun, but too short.  A randomized FPS dungeon saturated in neon.  Only 8 levels...Did the developers make this game ""rogue-like"" to hide the fact that there isn't much content?  It's still worth the price."
,Recommended,297120,14145949,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Yobby,"Oh my god...This is like Delver meets Hotline Miami. Its perfect. The game doesn't always play fair, doesn't hesitate to assume you're an absolute wizard, and challenges you to the bitter end. As someone who's gotten all the way to the end of level 7 (and died right at the exit), I can assure you that despite how well you think you know the game, your arrogance will end up biting you in the♥♥♥♥♥ Heavy Bullets will destroy nearly everyone who attempts it, up into even their 20th run. And that's a good thing."
,Recommended,297120,13129915,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Deltau,"Procedurally generated rogue-like with it's focus around shooting, but more interestingly, taking care of your bullets and not wasting a single round by picking back up every shot you fire. Gather coins to buy items and upgrades, and invest in inheritance and the ingame bank for when you inevitably die, so that your earnings may be passed down to your next character.The assortment of various items from pills to power ups and the treasure rooms you find them in bears an uncanny similarity to the Binding of Isaac which I really enjoy, so if you like that you may enjoy this game as well."
,Recommended,297120,14651988,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Mr. Winchester,"Fantastic.It's a neon ♥♥♥♥♥♥ of twitch reflex and pulse pounding, palm wetting tension.In the words of Jim Sterling, ""♥♥♥♥!!!! ....... Let's do it again."""
,Recommended,297120,14748859,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,An actual bowl of spaghetti.,Pretty good game.Pros:You never know whats going to happenJumpscares more frightening than FNAFitems are niceCons:Pretty simpleImmensely hard
,Recommended,297120,13679093,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,kgee_va,One of the hardest games I've played...very fun to come back to and try to outdo your previous game...
,Recommended,297120,14975998,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Ariamaki,"They're not heavy.They're my bullets.Solid game with solid weapons and gorgeous (if garish) setting. Highly recommended, especially with the low price."
76561198264406877,Recommended,297120,24474153,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Jamus LESO,"I got full achievement and I'm now satisfied.This game is hard, but it is okay after getting used to it. This game contains many lovable contents, such as the story and the endings.This game gave me several heart attack by the way, monsters are too scary and fast.. and sound they make gives me heart attack...Nice game though"
,Recommended,297120,24548431,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,SPOOKencile,A first person shooter roguelike you say? Sounds pretty edgy.
76561198125067516,Recommended,297120,24730874,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,dj cowdaboy shan,A dazzling blaze of color and action.
76561198212123601,Recommended,297120,24019877,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Prep Boy,"I would recommend this game if you want a game that is a mixture of jumpscary horror and fps rogue-like. The main aspect of the game is a rogue-like, but it quickly changes to a more nervous aproach as you realize that there are worms... That pop up out of nowhere and are pretty much an auto- hit on you. Besides that, it feels very good to play, and the controls are responsive"
76561198224904368,Recommended,297120,23849658,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Rukko,"A great game, very challenging, very colorful, and has a very unique concept..."
,Recommended,297120,23839706,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,ThePCGamer101,"DISCLAIMER: This is a first impressions review, and NOT a full review, if you want a full review, then please read better reviews then mineHeavy Bullets is another game from the fantastic beautiful people at Devolver Digital. Heavy Bullets is a rogue like shooter and that's... basically it. You go through levels upon levels, randomly generated by the way, shooting enemies, collecting coins and trying not to dieThe game doesn't have anything special but has an interesting art style and good music, but overall, it's just another generic rogue like shooter. If you like rogue like games, then give Heavy Bullets a go!RECOMMENDED :)"
,Recommended,297120,23850469,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,mirroredcastles,"This game is extremely addictive and so much fun. It's one of the best ones I have, especially for the price. All in all, just a good game all around."
76561198098463214,Recommended,297120,23648418,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Colgate,"i think this game really needs a multiplayer option or atleast a co-op option, i think that would be so good."
,Recommended,297120,22616479,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Kawaii eSports Shel Silverstein,"I'm crazy about two things: rogue-likes/rogue-lites and cyberpunk/neon visual styles. I think Heavy Bullets is a prime example that you can make a great game without too much fluff. It's got great gameplay, amazing visuals, a surreal atmosphere and it's a great price."
76561198054698064,Recommended,297120,22785523,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Button,"I seemed to hit a cap on the replayability of this game. I've gotten to the final boss 3 times and on my very first time, I could have easily beaten him, but didn't know how and ran around the room until I finally died. It's definitely worth it though. I may come back to this game once I get tired of my Vive games...so in like 2 years.9/10 would recommended pulling the lever on the final boss fight."
,Not Recommended,297120,10213884,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,fortris,"This game is really enjoyable, to a point. The entire game is a nice difficulty progression starting out hard, then slowly getting harder over the course of it's 8 levels, but then level 8 happens. Introducing infinitely spawning enemies and spamming walking/flying turrets in a single room made me want to flat out quit playing this game, it's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. I understand the game is supposed to be hard but spamming enemies that poison you from accross an entire room (which take more than one shot to kill, not to mention their poison attack is instant) is almost making me regret buying this. It shouldn't be 7 levels of manageable dificulty then a HUGE SPIKE for the last level, it's absurd.If you're ok with having all your progress dumped into the toilet because of the unreasonable spike of difficulty at the end, this is for you. I can't really give it a great recommendation but the rest of the game is very solid as a rogue-like FPS."
76561197999006000,Recommended,297120,22488368,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,-=The_Psychopath=-,its a ok game
,Recommended,297120,21977744,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,🎃 halloweave 🎃,it's a really good game
76561197991103051,Recommended,297120,21964359,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Puddle,Its aiight innit?
76561198269951533,Recommended,297120,25522900,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Guardian,"The wizard of gaming rates a 10/10 for this game!It always gets mt blood pumping, it's really fun, and it's as hard as a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Not limp, I guess I should've clerified that, it's excited... ANYWAYS BUY THIS GAME CAUSE IT'S FUN HARD AND FAST PACED!P.S, think fast all the time, you never know when an enemy will grab you by the♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,297120,21720706,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,"Spark Wright, Ultimate Attorney.",if I had to guess I would say those bullets.... pretty heavy
,Recommended,297120,21758694,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,GLeeM,the most satasfying and aesthetic game on the market
,Recommended,297120,21004081,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,nikinu,Great FPS rougelite!
,Recommended,297120,17546047,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Blarespace,"I had my doubts about this game because I wasn't sure how a first person would work as a rogue-like shooter, so I waited until it went on sale. Even though I'm not a rogue-like fan, I have to say this is not only one of the better shooters I've played in a long time, it's the most well done rogue-like game I've ever played. I've really been into pixel retro platform games lately but never got over my love of a great FPS. Well this is both, and it's fantastic. It's fantastic because every bullet counts and you don't know what lies around the corner. And there are these vending machines you find quite regularly in the game which are either banks to deposit or withdraw your money so you can save your cash from game to game, buy new weapons and even upgrades. I also haven't written a review in awhile but I just had too with this game. This is the most fun I've had with a game in a long time, really. Get it, even at full price this title would be worth it."
,Recommended,297120,21288267,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Protohm Johnny,A truly fantastic FPS game.Make sure to buy it! You won't regret it!
56566568568568235,Recommended,297120,21435067,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Gideon Graves,"Made my worst nightmares become true.True anxiety generator.Frustration by all the game time.Merciless, f***ing hard, roguelike10/10"
,Recommended,297120,21540678,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Durf Gibbles,"Minimalist world, interesting bullet mechanic, challenging gameplay, and procedurally generated levels makes for a fun game overall."
,Recommended,297120,20176321,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Elane»,I forgot to reload
76561198119710349,Recommended,297120,20455015,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,dabbledore,"one of my favorite games of all time, extremely simplistic but incredibly hard to master. brilliant art style. does a perfect job at keeping you on your toes, you never know what could be around the next corner.don't forget to check the bushes :^)"
,Recommended,297120,20466739,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Erik Schunn,pretty good game.  If it had more content it could be a great game.
76561198070408206,Recommended,297120,19983637,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,silversaxophone,Simplicity at its best.
76561198152468394,Not Recommended,297120,20134836,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,D3LTA_N1NE,"Cool  graphics and soundtrack, terrible controls. Game needs to be updated to fix controls. Other than the control issues it is a fun game."
76561198059715691,Recommended,297120,20131710,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,nachohatboy,SNAKEWORMS!!!!
,Recommended,297120,27815521,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Strider,Great game for it's money
,Recommended,297120,27595794,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,itswhywegame,Pure addictive fun.
,Recommended,297120,28251833,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Hideoyomi,"Linear, but abstract.This game is a quiet relaxing hunting experience.It fit also in a retro stylish arcade picture (as expected by the DEVs)but you can see it trough a first person shooting reckless hunt.Very appreciable."
76561198094649053,Not Recommended,297120,27394044,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,dlobi2 kickback.com,"game is nice, but too dam shortafter first 10-30 times you will get bord"
,Recommended,297120,27379477,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ReDeath,A roguelike shooter with some trippy visuals and a great ambient soundtrack.  Well worth whatever price you pay for it.
,Recommended,297120,27690523,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Mr. Pikachu | csgoroll.com,"I discovered this game after searching through the indie section of Steam one day, and I decided to give it a try, and boy was I glad I did. This game will provide infinite fun since the levels are randomly generated and they become increasingly difficult."
,Recommended,297120,27731940,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Conquest,"I hardly know what I'm doing half the time and I'm terrible at it, but this game is really addicting. If only I could stop stepping on snakeworms..."
,Recommended,297120,26738733,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,4 8 15 16 23 42,Binding of Isaac: First Person Shooter On Acid Edition™
,Recommended,297120,28016583,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Whale Shlong,"Got this during the sales event. The Soundtrack is actually quite cool and a good choice for this game. I'll guess its already a ""DEVOLVER ENTERTAINMENT"" thing. Very catchy and a steady rythm. Most Hotline Miami players would recognise the Style (colours and music)For under 2 GBP its a STEAL !"
,Recommended,297120,28452135,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,✠Baron✠,well structured and fun hard at some points a bit repetitive but wort the money.vote: 8/10
,Recommended,297120,25232487,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Roostersnake,FUN FPS DUNGEON CRAWLER
,Recommended,297120,29049758,Posted: 5 January,all,mavis beacon,"A great game for a quick sesh, that's easy to pick and put down. Very cool aesthetic, simple game play, and the fact its' a rogue like helps with replay value as well."
,Recommended,297120,28931441,Posted: 1 January,all,Keeehort,"I'm not going to be able to really give much information on the game, seeing that I can't make it past level 2, and I only have $300 in the bank. Haven't really tried all the features, but I 100% recommend this game to anyone looking for a fast pace singleplayer dungeon crawler.PlotDon't really know to much about the plot, your in hunting grounds of some sort? (They don't like it when you write on the walls)GameplayIn this game, you need to have quick reactions to flick to your enemies, tiny black balls with ferocious teeth that sprint at you at Mach 10 speed. You also need to pay attention to detail, there are tiny worms that blend into the bushes that can quickly kill you and have ended all of my runs so far. There are also turrets, which you have to strafe to avoid, while getting close enough to drop a bomb to disable them. You have 6 bullets, which you can get back after you shoot them, they drop on the floor. You can also buy more bullets from vending machines. There are many passive items, and I'm not sure what many of them do. I personally like the knife, which lets you slash at the ferocious black balls if you miss your shot, which is a backup plan. You can also save money in the bank for other runs, which allows you to have more money later to purchase things like health, life insurance, bullets, mines, all the good stuff.GraphicsVery nice graphics, neon vibe. I have a 8192MB ATI Radeon RX 480 Graphics (XFX Pine Group), so I don't really experience any lag playing this game. Very nice art style, can't get enough of it.Should I Buy the Game?yes. oh my gosh yes. This game is absolutely lovely. The graphics, the gameplay, all of it really comes down to replayability. This is the type of game that you can replay over and over, without getting discouraged, hoping to get to the next floor. I recommend this game to anyone who likes fast paced, neon, unforgiving, punishing, insanely difficult games that have an extremely high replayability factor."
,Not Recommended,297120,24653035,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,jigglypuffsparklyfairy,"rEALLY gOOD gAME.However, it should be noted, the developer has washed his hands of this game about a year ago.and there is the widely documented issue/bug in game where the further you progress in the game, the laggier it gets.As the dev is no longer actively involved with the game, this bug is pretty much here to stay.Buy it when its on sale."
,Recommended,297120,29098497,Posted: 7 January,all,Rasin Bron,"This is one of the best Rouge-like games I have ever played. It's pure fast paced fun, and very hard."
,Recommended,297120,19972588,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Marl Karx,You were killed by an imp.
76561198229252060,Recommended,297120,29482909,Posted: 25 January,all,lunk31,"A very fun game yet some what challenging, run great on my mac, sometimes makes you jump but you get used to it.  Reminds me of Doom."
,Recommended,297120,16421013,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Samurai-Sloth,"A first person shooter, procedurally generated, rogue-lite dungeon crawler. Make your way through a bright neon maze inhabited by monsters & security systems, collecting powerups & items along the way. Fight bosses & die; try again & die again."
76561198272919563,Recommended,297120,31067634,Posted: 10 April,all,=HAN=SHARKich,is good
,Recommended,297120,29795809,Posted: 8 February,all,Bob Loblaw's Law Blog,"I love this game, but why did it have to be snakes"
,Recommended,297120,30324242,Posted: 4 March,all,MEZISH,Simple fun. :)
,Recommended,297120,31557718,Posted: 5 May,all,jackarse1422,Literally the hardest Rogue-like game I've ever played. I can't beat this one and even through all the frustration and swearingI'm never going to play the game again I still always feel I have a shot at winning. Heavy Bullets is a love/hate type of relationship.I would highly recommend listening to The Chemical Brothers while pistol firing to this.
,Recommended,297120,25758949,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Cyrus Jazzberry,"I don't know what it is about this game, but the fast paced action and frantic combat makes Heavy Bullets a blast. I fully recommend it.Just don't expect to win the first few times."
,Recommended,297120,31769480,Posted: 15 May,all,AnGG,Top shooting horror ever.Killed myself after seeing the first bug.10/10
,Recommended,297120,31872171,Posted: 20 May,all,Lykoloo,"Vastly underrated roguelite, should be more mainstream."
,Recommended,297120,31871258,Posted: 20 May,all,actorart,"Great game awesome fps dungeon crwler, excelently crafted, get it on sale or no"
,Recommended,297120,31848741,Posted: 19 May,all,psyCtrl,"Surprisingly cool game that's easy to pick up but hard to master. That type of game that taunts you with its difficulty, yet you still end up playing it again and again. Addictive. Interesting art style. Pick it up in sale."
,Recommended,297120,31835753,Posted: 19 May,all,Dennis Reynolds,"It's awesome. Tons of replayability ... very tense ... lots of cost/benefit risk evaluating.I love venturing into the next room, not knowing what's waiting ahead. The loot, items, and stores add some great depth to it.Only thing I'd change is to have more *rooms*; a lot of it is made of corridors. Still tons of fun."
,Recommended,297120,32227458,Posted: 6 June,all,Zockerx96,"Usually I don't like rogue-likes, because they are random, unfair and boring.Well this one isn't boring at all, at the beginning (first 5-10 hours or so), it feels very unfair, later on you will learn how the game works and it gets enjoyable. But the rng aspect can always kick your asss."
76561198137886532,Recommended,297120,32639319,Posted: 22 June,all,defcon579,"Absolutely an incredible game. I would recommend it to people who love play first person shooters. Not only does it feel good to move forward into the game, but the visuals are so ""artsy"" and really eye pleasing. This has become one of my favorites! And I hope this review helps you! :)"
,Recommended,297120,32609781,Posted: 20 June,all,HawksHail,FPS rouge like that can be very challenging yet rewarding.
76561198106309920,Recommended,297120,32997476,Posted: 29 June,all,Regniffe3,"Its a good game, but not a whole lot to be done besides beating the game"
76561198099477600,Recommended,297120,33756838,Posted: 23 July,all,sevcrimsonkilla,This game can be very challaging. There are many strategies you can use to play this game.
,Recommended,297120,33839683,Posted: 27 July,all,Fatmeatball,Your bullets are certainly heavy.
,Recommended,297120,34562002,Posted: 28 August,all,wake and baka,One of my favorite Rogue-lites right next to Binding of Isaac. If you are a fan of shooting things and big thick pink snakes then this is the game for you.
76561198221249052,Recommended,297120,34521401,Posted: 26 August,all,memeslol,What I like about this game that it is HARD. The difficulty  does increase to prolong the game more other than quick 8 levels it is unforgiving levels of hell. The only thing I hate about it is the fast bomb bugs that always get me in my runs. Overall it's great to waste my time on and also play it seriously to beat the game.
,Recommended,297120,34400145,Posted: 21 August,all,Clawhauser,Good fast paced-ish FPS.Useful when you're bored of CS:GO and have nothing else to play.
,Recommended,297120,34192369,Posted: 12 August,all,Bumblebugbee3,"In an gaming era filled with first-person shooters Heavy Bullets does a great job of standing out above the crowd.  In most shooters you can unload clip after clip into to enemies with an array of weapons in your arsenal.  In this game thats not an option.  The revolver is the only weapon available and it comes with a mere six bullets.  You'll need to collect your bullets after firing them and individually reload them back into the cylinder.  If that wasn't daunting enough be aware this is a procedurally generated roguelike.  When you die you will lose everything on you and have to start from the very beginning.  Read on to find out if you're up to the challenge.On each floor you'll find enemies, shops, banks, items, and locked rooms.  There are a variety of enemies from snakes hidden in the grass, spiders that can guard their bodies, to turrets that shoot out lasers and bombs.  You can use money dropped by dead enemies in the shops which can sell both items and upgrades.  Some upgrades can help you attract coins/bullets, some let you carry more of the same item, while others let you reload multiple bullets at the same time.  One time use items include weapons like bombs, mines, and rockets.  Other items offer passive effects much like the upgrades.  You can sacrifice a key card to open locked rooms and grab the random item within.The mapping of the floors is different each time you play but they all basically feel likes narrow mazes with a couple openings here and there.  A series of doors break the floors into bite-size chunks to help give you a sense of progression.  Also, its important to know once a door has been open for a extended period of time lasers will stop you from going back for items or shops.  The maps aren't particularly pretty, their neon rainbow walls serve more of a practical purpose to help distinguish hazards than anything else.  The rest of the art is more cartoony with a lot of simple textures and polygons.  The art isn't awful but seems like its purely there to serve the gameplay rather than standout in its own right.Caution and and steady aim is key to survival.  Audio ques are honestly just as important as visual ques as each threat will make a noise as its about to attack.  Some enemies even generate noise standing still, warning you that danger is right around the corner.  With such limited ammo its crucial to take your time, even just a second, to line up your shots right the first time.  You can quickly find yourself out of bullets and in the bigger rooms in can be especially dangerous to track them down.  Enemies move and shoot quickly so its best to take them on one at a time when possible.  Half the enemies will follow you allowing you to fall back and let them come to you.This is just a wonderfully unique rogue-like that will keep you coming back for more.  It feels a lot like Spelunky with both the way the levels are laid out and in the sense of each death is a lesson.  Even with the procedural generation the game rarely feels unfair.  Its easy to get into a tight spot if you're not careful but if you take you time you shouldn't go through you're health too fast.  Just don't jump into Heavy Bullets expecting much visually as the gameplay was clearly the focus.  The bland looking levels get old pretty fast but thankfully the gameplay is fun enough to keep you hooked.  Fans of shooters and/or rogue-likes need to do themselves a favor and try out the uniquely crafted experience."
,Recommended,297120,34360021,Posted: 19 August,all,𝑍𝑜𝑟𝑔,"This game is a fantastic single life FPS. The concept is done really well, and things like the banking system are actually well done. If there was multiplayer this game would be amazing, but it's still really good as is."
