user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,297290,13664197,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Tiagozak,"Murder in the Hotel Lisbon, at the first sight, it's just another point&click game. But for Portuguese people it's a landmark in our national gaming industry. Being one of the first Portuguese games on Steam, this one is more special because it portrayts many Portuguese stereotypes and gives a general satyrical view on late 80s/early 90s Lisbon. You play as José Justino (more commonly called Zé, Case in the English translation), a private investigator that gets a robot as part of the heritage form a recently pasted-away relative. This robot, which Zé decides to call ""Clown"" because of the bad jokes he's always saying, form a dysfunctional pair that will try to solve the huge mystery that surrounds the strange murder of a guy in his room in Hotel Lisbon. The gameplay is the usual in this type of game, and has a few bugs. The artwork and the sound are rather good, and are, in my opinion, one of the biggest assets of this game. The story is not bad at all, it has a fairly good plot-twist and it only sins for being too short. However, there are 3 sidequests that are honestly interesting and a stand-up comedy show, that has some good jokes (but some very bad ones) and that is a bit of a problem due to the great ammount of bugs it presents. Now, where the game really shines: the dialogues. Filled with little jokes, references and details that only the Portuguese people can get, this is a tribute to our tricky language and to our exquisite culture and way of living. Many of these elements were probably lost in the English translation, so I think it's undeniable that whoever plays this in English will not have a complete experience. Therefore, I believe that this game deserves two different scores: for the Portuguese version I'll give it a score of 86 out of 100. A must play game that hasn't a higher grade because of the bugs and the fact that it's a quick game (3 to 4 hours with everything done). For the English version, the score should be quite a bit lower. I haven't played the English version, but I bet it would be something around the 70s out of 100. Concluding: if you're Portuguese, this is mandatory. If you aren't, well, it doesn't hurt to give it a try, but don't expect a extraordinary game."
76561198080230714,Recommended,297290,11338425,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,superpete,"This definitely is a hilarious game, very charming, bringing back old memories :-)I'm not sure if I've got all the jokes in the translation, but what I've got was enough to be one of the funnies adventure games I've played in a while.I've played the linux version and didn't experience any problems like crashes. In fact everything worked, except the part where you can choose to support the developers and (I suppose) should be rerouted to your browser (which maybe sucks for the devs, but is no problem for playing the game ;-)So in conclusion I can only recommend this game for every adventure game fan, who likes old school games like Sam & Max, Monkey Island or Day of the Tentacle."
,Recommended,297290,14320463,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Gunderson Mallard,"Point and clicks are a crowded market and now reaching out to a new audience thanks in part to Telltale's highly sucessful Walking Dead. Knowing this, it is hard to tell new point and clickers that this game rivals Walking Dead, because it does not. This is not a heart wrenching, emoitonal trip that makes you sick to your stomach. Instead Hotel Lisbon is a lighthearted game that follows a questionably capable detective and his robot sidekick/ unfunny comedian.Hotel Lisbon is dripping with style: the color choices, retro style, and music all come together to deliver a very pleasing aesthetic. The animations and characters feel classic in design, but still very refreshing. The setting is filled with nice little details and feels well structured. On top of all this, the music fits well through the game.The humor in the game is more hits than misses. Some of the humor comes from poking at unfunny things (laugh track included), being legitimately funny, and sometimes just being silly or breaking the fourth wall. Sometimes I feel like the humor went right over me, but mostly I enjoyed it.The gameplay is somewhat detective like. You are tasked with solving cases by finding evidence, which never feels toohard and is usually done by finding highlightable items throughout different environments. After gathering your evidence you then have to interview/interrogate suspects as Clown Bot or Detective Case by making three accusations. You have to choose the accusations from a small list and then match that up to evidence. One choice is obviously wrong and unrelated to evidence and the others are related to evidence. However, this is where the game can begin to stretch out and lose its charm.Sometimes the wording of the ""right"" accusation to make can seem strange. The suspect seems to get angry when I insult them, but all of the choices seem to be insulting. The other major issue with interviewing is that sometimes suspects will only crack when they are being interrogated by Clown Bot or Detective Case, so even if you get all your questions right you might have to redo the whole interview with the other character. To make this problem worse, upon failing the interview, either character will suggest trying the interview instead. So you could potentially be stuck in the same interview for too long before it starts to eat away at you. All of these issues can lead to interviews becoming tedious and tiring. However, the game will not lead you into an impossible interrogation because you need to have sufficient evidence in order to start one.In addition to the main cases there are a few side cases (with more promised) and a mini game featuring Clown Bot. The side cases run like the main cases (with the exception of the lost video tapes, which involves combing the environment). The mini game has Clown Bot telling jokes and you delivering the punchline in multiple choice format. You get a few tries before having to restart and speed factors into your score, but it is a nice little distraction.The wording of questions and punchlines seem to be a bit strange (probably due to translation), but that is only a minor setback for this game. The style and humor make this a fun experience, as long as the interviews don't overstay their welcome. None of the puzzles or sleuthing will leave you scratching your head, but this short point and click adventure is full of charm and character."
,Not Recommended,297290,20479811,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,baby jesus,"The art style is fantastic. It really is, and it is such a shame about the rest of the game.The music is good, but just not very good at being video game music. It gets repetitious very fast. I find it hard to believe that they could have played the game with audio turned on and thought it sounded fine.But the thing that completely kills it for me is the writing. It's painful. English isn't their first language and it shows in every way it can.  Either I don't get their sense of humor or they don't really have one. This is one actual conversation:Case: I still haven't been paid yetSecretary: Ok sign here and hereCase: HAHAHAHAClown-Bot: Beep Boop* Cue laugh track *... Wait what? Is this supposed to be funny? Some sort of anti-humor about misplaced laugh tracks? Is them being poor supposed to be some sort of running joke? Many other ""jokes"" are built out of casual disrespect towards each other or women in general and this is supposed to somehow be funny? It actually stoops so low to as to try to be self aware about how unfunny it is as if that is supposed to make it acceptable. When you reach that point you have failed.Even this ""humor"" aside, the rest of the plot is entirely composed of the most generic low effort tropes. It's clear that nobody there cared about writing, which makes it baffling then why they made an adventure game.Not to mention the poor implementation of conversations in this game. The writing can best be described as verbose word vomit. And so naturally the only thing  you could do to make this worse is to get stuck in 30+ long unskippable dialogue line conversations that are the same each time because you accidentally clicked on the same thing twice.I couldn't even power through it knowing it was likely pretty short."
,Not Recommended,297290,11972296,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,PhineasPoe,"Detective Case and Clown Bot in: Murder in the Hotel Lisbon is not a bad game. It looks good, the music is nice, there's some funny moments. In fact, I enjoyed most of it, up until near the end of the game. It's not bad, but the problems are big enough that I find it difficult to recommend the game. If what you want is a game that has the look and feel of a classic adventure game, this is a good purchase. If you want more than that, including the classic adventure GAMEPLAY, there are some problems.The biggest issue is that the game is filled with typos, awkward phrasing and errors. This becomes more and more apparent as the game goes on. Adventure games like this rely a lot on the writing. When there are issues, at the most minor it's distracting and on the major end it effects gameplay (specifically, the interview questions and the Stand Up Clown mini-game).Another problem is that there's not a lot of game in this game. Sometimes that's how a game works, it's more about the experience and story than then gameplay. There's two issues with this: the above mentioned writing issues and that it gets boring if you're expecting old school gameplay to go along with the old school look. There aren't really puzzles in this game. What you do is collect items, then when you have enough you can interview people. In interviews, you pick a question and match it with an item and present it to the person. And that's it. It's a nice system, it's different, but that's most of the game. It gets old after awhile without anything else to support it. Classic adventure games are chock full of puzzles to solve. With this, I didn't feel like I did much by the end.Also, all the old school adventure games we loved had decent stories. Maybe not the greatest, but they were coherent and thought out. This game has that up until near the end when the plot kind of just gets thrown in the trash.There are some other issues. At least twice, I was not given important information about items that I needed for the interviews. It's possible I missed them being mentioned in dialogue, but important info should be in the item description. The humor can get repetitive. A good bit of it revolves around Case getting people's names wrong and, later, calling a woman a♥♥♥♥♥♥Again, it's not a bad game. It does very well with tone, style and sound and the interview system is a good idea. There's just not enough polish on the game and the interview system isn't enough to support the whole of the gameplay."
76561198020144955,Recommended,297290,11305152,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Feel,"A great detective quest with stylish old-school graphics. I enjoy every minute of that game, especially the ""Question and Item"" part. Detective Case is memorable and bright character and his robot is very cute. That's a nice example of a good friend pair. The plot is also good because you really try to guess who is the killer. Plus big thumb up for the humour that could be found in every pixel of game. Well done! Wish you success in sale."
76561198143836012,Recommended,297290,17282330,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Templar770,Nostalgic for most of the players and a great example of what Portuguese developers can do if given an opportunity. The humour is rather portuguese so I believe that all portuguese steam users should own this one!
,Not Recommended,297290,26170887,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Manbeast,"Mediocre detective point&click with some witty banter and an interesting interrogation system.Sadly very straightforward with little actual challenge and a simple plot. Go everywhere. pick up everything, talk to everyone, case closed.The game also offers a few 'sidequests', but even the hardest one can be completed in under ten minutes just by paying attention to some dialogue.Too easy for fans of the genre, too boring for everyone else."
,Recommended,297290,13682020,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Intelligence,"I had a feeling I was going to like this game and I'm glad I went with my instincts.A classic style point and click game with unique interesting characters, a great story, fun gamemodes and a ton of hilarious jokes, no matter how ""Totally lame!"" they may be. I know the developers said they're not planning a sequel, but I hope that's not set in stone because I really enjoyed this game and would love to see another entry in what would hopefully become an entire series of Detective Case and Clown Bot."
,Recommended,297290,32366377,Posted: 12 June,all,Gao Li,"7/10 A good debut production, with some room for improvementA murder lingers over Portugal’s capital. The business mogul, Sebastian Love, aged 42, was found dead in the prestigious Hotel Lisbon. Stabbed fourteen times in the back, the local Police Captain, Garcia, assumes that it must have been suicide, but Detective Justin Case and his mechanical sidekick, Clown Bot, think otherwise. Will the duo find the culprit?Detective Case and Clown Bot in: Murder in Hotel Lisbon(2014) is the debut production of the Portuguese video game developer/publisher Nerd Monkey. Even though it is overall promising, it struggles to live up to its potential.Warning to parents:The game is not child friendly.Disclaimer:This game was in my Steam wishlist when Steam user Eri! unexpectedly decided to send it to me as a Steam gift. Thank you for that. Unfortunately, as that version was region locked, I regretfully had to rebuy the game instead of enjoying the gift.GameplayDetective Case is not only a private investigator, but also a typical, good-for-nothing protagonist with a big mouth, an inflated ego, and no clients. His sad, daily routine gets unexpectedly interrupted when Clown Bot, a mechanical domestic helper, shows up in his office. The machine explains that it is willing to work as the hero’s new sidekick, but actually aspires to be a real clown one day. Unfortunately, it still doesn’t fully grasp the human condition and thusly depends on the detective to show how people interact with one another. When Captain Garcia then suddenly asks for help in a suicide, all of Case’s problems suddenly seem like things of the past. The game has a great setup and both protagonists have their assigned functions. While players interact with other characters or the world as Justin Case, Clown Bot saves the in-game progress, gives hints, allows one to fast travel, but also delivers the occasional lame joke. Furthermore, the robot’s interior happens to have a portal to another dimension where Johnny, the tentacle monster, takes care of the protagonist’s inventory.In addition to the colorful duo, the whole game further features an interesting gameplay mechanic: Unlike other point & click adventures,Detective Case and Clown Botdoesn’t bring the typical “use object X with object Y” construct into play, but instead all collected thingamabobs are handled as pieces of evidence. As soon as one has collected enough items (typically three), it is possible to question certain characters on their whereabouts during the murder or their connection to the victim. For this, one will have to select the right question to ask and combine it with the corresponding item. If done correctly, the interview will progress, if not, one has to start all over. Players can even conduct these inquiries as either Detective Case or as Clown Bot to spice things up a little.With that said,Detective Case and Clown Bothas some minor sequencing issues. As stated, players can start the interviews as soon as they have collected the right items, which means that they can do so, even when they have never talked to a suspect before. The inquiry will simply start as if the protagonist and the other person know each other, even if that isn’t the case. Additionally, at one point around the middle of a playthrough, I had already collected all items and finished interrogating every available suspect, so I assumed that I needed to talk to Captain Garcia to continue the plot. Therefore, I went to the police station, where he then told me to investigate further. I immediately returned to Case’s apartment thinking I might have overlooked something, but once there, the telephone suddenly rang and Garcia told me to go to the station to talk to him. So, I went back. Both of these issues could have been addressed with a “check if variable exists” command, which can easily be overlooked while playtesting a game.Some minor setbacksTo make up for these shortcomings, the game has one of the most incredible soundtracks in any indie game out there. Unfortunately, I don’t know a lot about music, so I don’t think I could do the renditions any justice by talking about them, but the effort put into the songs is very noticeable. Apart from that, most of the pixelart is quite charming as well. The set pieces look really nice and do remind one of titles like Day of the Tentacle (1993), especially with the blackened foreground. Regrettably, the same cannot be said about the characters. While most of them follow the same art style, those that are based on real humans appear to have been rotoscoped, while the band members at the Gaf Bar are drawn in the manner of cartoon modern. These characters even have very different body proportions from the rest of the cast, which makes them stick out even moreso.Apart from that, two of the three biggest drawbacks toDetective Caseare the difficulty as well as the playlength. Genre veterans will finish their first playthrough of this in about the same amount of time it takes Kate Winslet to get on board the Titanic, survive the iceberg, and drop the rock in the ocean. (So, around three hours; four if you accommodate for commercial breaks.) There aren’t that many puzzles and they are far too straight forward to pose any challenge, especially because everything the detective can pick up is directly related to the plot. Creating puzzles is a time-consuming chore that might exceed an indie developer’s budget, and so, given the admission price, these shortcomings really aren’t that bad. However, Nerd Monkey should have targeted a game this short and easy at younger audiences. Yet, similar to howSouth Park(1997 ongoing) might be mistaken for a children’s show,Detective Case and Clown Botmay look family friendly, but really contains a lot of offensive jokes coupled with adult themes.With that said, the English localization is this game’s biggest issue and, unlike in the foul-mouthed cartoon, a couple of gags might leave players in unruly bewilderment.Detective Casewas originally written in Portuguese and Nerd Monkey decided to only have one translator convert the entire game into English, which was certainly a mistake. Point & click adventures depend heavily on language, which means that the poor translator was confronted with a Herculean task. They should have employed at least  one other person to proofread the finished result. But since that didn’t happen, players will undoubtedly notice just how exhausted the translator was by the end. The English rendition is plagued with spelling errors, several jokes got lost in translation, and grammatical mistakes sometimes make it difficult to follow some of the dialogs. While this is certainly a non-issue to EFL and ESL learners (English as a Foreign/Second Language), I know that the quality of English translations matters to a number of native speakers.ConclusionOverall,Detective Case and Clown Bot in: Murder in Hotel Lisbonis a title best meant for those that wish to support aspiring independent developers. It may have sounded like I wanted to give the game a beat down, but that is certainly not the case at all. Detective Case has a number of shortcomings and some the jokes are not necessarily the best, at least in English, however, the developers seem well-meaning. The dynamic between the two heroes is certainly a good foundation that I would like to see more off in the future, most of the pixel art is lovely, and the soundtrack is phenomenal. The dialog mechanic too is a great idea, but is currently held back by a localization team that was just too small.This review is a reupload fromGao Li Occasionally Reviews: Detective Case and Clown Bot in: Murder in Hotel Lisbon."
,Recommended,297290,15738122,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Haohmaru,"Just finished this funny lil' game and i'm ready to do a decent review :)I really enjoyed playing this game for 5 main reasons :1- Style, this dev team sure ain't copying any games you've seen, they got their own style & it's perfect this way :)2- jokes & global ambiant... I'm out of word... epic / surprising / entertaining as f*ck would be my resume, many references to classic :p3- music : i didn't expect it but i ended up singing those weird sound.4- characters & story : very unique or very cliche, you could argue on that ^^5- hidden stuff : won't spoil that part but for example i got a success for playing this game in early morning :DOverall pretty epic game, bit too short for me i really hope these Nerd Monkeys will be able to do other games :) if u enjoy investigating & funny dialogue, jump right on this game !!!"
76561198036498823,Recommended,297290,15967889,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Solanum nigrum,"You love next-generation-graphics and high definition sounds. You like your games as dry as an desert and funny jokes is something that you only admire when it includes you giggling about the noobs an the Counter Strike Server?Well, get outta here! This game is the washed up but unclean scenerio of da stupidest punchlines ever served.Who ever said that an robot couldn't tell jokes? Who ever said this game would be about the robot? NO!This game is about P.I. Detective that never lost an Case in his name and only than also about an robot telling jokes that no one can stand.Investigate on the cruel crime of an lost baton and an wild ""Nerd Monkey"" running, well, wild and in your spare time you could also try to solve the case of the Murder, but it is not important and maybe to hard to solve in the first place.If you didn't like this review, than better don't buy this game and return to your FPS-shooters.8/10 Because of the burning image of the young lady with beard stubble that I might never get out of my brain."
,Recommended,297290,23221822,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Berto,"Well, lets put this out of the way straight away. I'm Portuguese and this is a Portuguese game that homages and references Portuguese culture and the 80's, so yeah I'm a bit biased about this one. I did like it and nails all the little nuaces of our culture but... if i'm being honest... as a game, apart from that, Detective Case and Clow Bot is not that good and deep, actually its a bit too simplistic for a point & click adventure game.2,5/5"
,Recommended,297290,12323455,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Replicant,"Portugal! Does that name ring a bell? No? Well then, you should play this game. Even if you know what it means, you should play it. Why? First of all, because it’s a fun game, and that’s what games are all about. I laughed a lot with this point and click and had a great time solving the mystery. Second, you will get a complete murder mystery story full of funny portuguese quirks and plot twists and turns. You’ll get to listen to fado music, for instance. Don’t know what it is? Look it up! You get your noir-ish detective, and a stand-up comedian/robot sidekick that can tell jokes, save your game and call the cab. You get your femme fatale, a whole bunch of suspects in wigs, three fun sidequests and future add-ons the creators announced, with new story content! Not enough? Well, here’s another reason to get this game: you’ll help the developers and, in turn, they’ll make our world a better place with more portuguese games."
,Recommended,297290,35106628,Posted: 21 September,all,Major Idea,The game's jokes are the real crime.
76561198193227553,Not Recommended,297290,20821154,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,DNICE,"Boring!  I enjoy point and click games and I really wanted to enjoy this game; however, it was just so bad.  The story is a bore.  The writing is not funny at all.  I was speeding through the dialogue just to get this game over with.  The laugh track in the background (going off way to much) is annoying.  Personally, I give this a 3 out of 10.  I give the creators points for the attempt and points for the music; however, the game is stale."
,Recommended,297290,11434657,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,CGenerated,"TLDR first:- You absolutely have to play this game if you are Portuguese and born before the end of the 1980s.- This game is great if you are looking for an easy going point and click adventure of if you want an entry point for the genre.The game being made in Portugal and with the setting being Lisbon in the 1980s, there are some references to stuff that younger and foreign audiences may not be familiar with. Recognizing those references doesn't prevent you from enjoying the game, however it adds value to the experience to know them.This is probably the only game I have ever played that promises to be funny and actually achieves it. In almost every dialog situation, there is a joke that made me at least smile. The humor doesn't feel forced and any repetition of jokes doesn't go beyond the point where they stop being funny. That being said, I actually didn't finish the game in English, so I can't tell yet if the humor holds on with the translation from the Portuguese original but from my initial 5 minutes of English gameplay, I would say that at least the initial jokes were handled well.The other great aspect of the game is the music which blends perfectly with the environment. Sometimes it reminded me of final fantasy 7.Gameplay is simple and intuitive and there is no omnipresent UI to distract from the beautifully drawn scenarios which makes it a good fit for newcomers to the genre.The only bad thing about the game (as of now) is that when you leave the game it doesn't prompt a reminder for you to save the game. After playing for about half an hour, I accidentally left the game without saving."
76561198080373710,Recommended,297290,34265901,Posted: 15 August,all,Zerefe,"So i played this game with my girl and it's a fun game to be played with a friend or such ,she is not a gamer but she did enjoy the experience and it was funny for her (her 1st game of many ).So we both decided that the game is 9/10 because of the comedy and sense of humour and the twist during the game ."
,Recommended,297290,14412318,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,𝔹𝕌ℝ𝔾𝕐,"AUDIOCharmingVISUALCaricatureDIFFICULTYModerateVIBELovableCRAVINGPoint n ClickON SALEOccasionallyPROS:Caricature-like cast is absolutely adorable. Dialogue is a fun read, and an average point n' click player can get through the main story easily. Advanced players were accounted for with tougher side quests that require a bit more noodle-usage. The humor in the game ranges from fourth-wall breaking gags to more mature, subtle quips.CONS:Case and Clownbot admittedly have too close of a dynamic to Sam & Max. Portuguese translations lead to some spelling errors and syntax. This shows horribly in the stand-up minigame where you need to guess the answers to jokes; English-speaking players will not understand some of these jokes, as they're based on a culture and language different from our own.WORTH:If you want to see our beloved genre continue into the future, Nerd Monkeys are definitely one of the groups of devs to support.  Sure, it goes on sale often, but I easily found $6.00 worth of gameplay from this! It's one of those games that is fair and worth its full asking price.OVERALL:The case, while a bit contrived, is a fun journey and evidence that these guys will be moving on to do even bigger and better things. I can't think of any Portuguese point n clicks besides this one! It's certainly unlike others.SCORE:8/10Full Review Coming Soon"
,Recommended,297290,12692240,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,tytnts,"I would recomend this game to people looking for a nice easy play through, more mature humor, and for the nostalgia of older looking and sounding games. THe game does have flaws in grammatical and spelling areas, but i peosonally thought it somewhat added charm to the game. Over all a good experience and would play a sequal. 8/10"
76561198283318475,Recommended,297290,25972666,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Shiny S,"Classic style adventure game with neat cartoony 2d art.It's a crazy investigation story about an insane murder in Portugal.Contains a lot of jokes and references to the Portuguese culture.In general, it's completely insane and super funny."
76561197998266429,Recommended,297290,30347393,Posted: 5 March,all,T_Neumann,"Good humour, a nice little point and click adventure game obviously made by people who care.Was it perfect? Hell no. Spelling errors and even in it's short length it was slightly too long - slightly tedious back and forth many times to the same locations felt like padding.But none of it matters ultmately. Definitely worth a purchase. Support them."
,Recommended,297290,29324911,Posted: 17 January,all,Baltalı İlah,"I like it too much.Charecters(and their accents), story proggress, humor and jokes are really funny but if you play without a break game can be boring and repeatetive i can't ignore that anyway if you like point and click games i highly recommend this game"
76561198053765832,Recommended,297290,34048628,Posted: 5 August,all,Mazuki,"Português:Este jogo é algo bastante diferente do que se costuma encontrar no mercado. É um jogo estilo Point & Click em que focamo-nos em descobrir pistas e resolver crimes. Quando digo diferente, não é propriamente o seu género, é mais o estilo em que é apresentado. Isto é o verdadeiro jogo á TUGA! A comédia está lá, as personagens e as suas personalidades são bastante engraçadas e variadas, a banda sonora combina perfeitamente com o tema do jogo, há pequenas brincadeiras e Easter Eggs que os desenvolvedores criaram, para quem é português vai achar muita piada e vai se entreter bastante a completar esta pequena pérola portuguesa como eu gosto de lhe chamar. Em termos de gameplay, é muito simples, não há muito que se possa dizer, é um jogo Point & Click e acho que é escusado explicar o porquê. Concluindo, aprovo este jogo e parabéns aos Nerd Monkeys! ;)English:This game is something quite different from what is usually found in the market. It´s a Point & Click style game where we focus on finding clues and solving crimes. When I say different, it´s not about the genre, but more like how it´s introduced. This is a game that really focus on my country Portugal and everything about it, so probably foreign people are not going to identify themselves much with this game as a portuguese like me. The comedy is there, the characters and their personalities are really varied and funny, the soundtrack fits perfectly with the theme, there are little jokes and Easter Eggs that the developers made, I think even for folks who are not from here they´re gonna find this quite fun and entertaining to complete this little pearl as I like to call it. About the gameplay, it´s very simple, there´s nothing much to it, it´s a Point & Click game, I don´t think I have to explain why. Anyways, I approve this game and congratulations to the Nerd Monkeys! ;)"
,Recommended,297290,20778559,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Darkeeper,The best Portuguese game I've ever played. A charming point and click adventure that makes me proud of sharing a nationality with its creators.
,Recommended,297290,20158140,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,DvsN_xToRM,"A Classic ComedyA light, fun, comedy, suspense game which gets you hooked till the very end.It took me a mere 6 hours to complete the story mode which is full of stupid yet funny jokes and unexpected plot-twists. There are also a couple sidequests waiting to be unlocked during specific times in the game. However, after finishing the story, you also get a 'Stand Up Clown' mode where you play as the Clown Bot and are given an audience to entertain.The 8-bit graphics can also trigger plenty of nostalgia which increases the urge to play this tiny gem even more. All in all, given the price, it's a sureshot YES to the game.Overall rating: 8/10"
76561198140043336,Recommended,297290,16100952,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Sarah,"The pixels! Sometimes I can't see what it says because of the enormous pixels. But that is the only problem I have with this game. It's fun and not too difficult and Clown Bot can give you suggestions as what to do next if you get stuck. Although he's not too happy about it. It's not just fun, it's a funny game too.It does not take as long as it says I have played it. I was laying in bed playing and then I kinda fell asleep and the game was still on. I was not bored with the game! Just tired."
,Recommended,297290,19503111,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,LonM,"A fun point-and-click style adventure game, following a detective and his robot in a southern european town. Lots of humour, both meta-jokes and related to the case at hand. The game plays very well, with some neat low-resolution graphics and nice ""interrogation"" minigames. There are a few minor translation errors, but other than that this is a very good game."
76561198006849221,Recommended,297290,21799820,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,rjazz2,Fun and weird! It's what♥♥♥♥♥♥Tracy would look like if the artists were totally hammered.
,Not Recommended,297290,24589849,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Tulio,"PARENTS WARNING(DESPITE THE GRAPHICS MAY GIVE IT A IMPRESSION TO A CHILD GAME, THE  CONTENT COULD BE RATED AS MATURE).In this game you are a detective, inherited a clown robot from a deceased relative, and together, you are assigned to investigate a murder in Hotel Lisbon. The game is point and click, detective mode. You have to check the scenarios, find clues, and interrogate characters.The game sounded interesting to me. But in my first minutes playing this game, I only hoped to complete it as soon as possible. It is not worth USD 6,00 and I will tell you why:Cons* The game is all based on dialogues, portuguese humour, and it could not be translated very well to english. I played on both languages (english, and native portuguese, tho im fluent in brazilian portuguese). All of the texts are nonsense chitchat, forced jokes (a lot of sexist), so be ready to spam your mouse clicks to skip them repeatedly, all the useless conversation will grow you tired.* The script is not very well elaborated, you will have to interrogate people using very poor worded questions mixed with lame jokes. You have to select the correct clue and along with the right question, until you progress to the next step. This part makes the game slow and boring.* Although the crowdfunding seems to be not working anymore, you will meet the gaming studio crew in a scenario, and they will ask for a donation, pretty absurd.* The laughing audience while the characters make jokes are annoying.Pro* The game is short. There is one main quest, and three side quests. My personal POV, I found it better this way, because I could not take this game anymore.* The game soundtrack is good. The best thing on this game was the Fado bando in the restaurant."
,Recommended,297290,12368803,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,704BOSS,This game is entertaining and easy to navigate.  It gets a little tricky towards the end but with a little trial and error I figured things out.  I haven't finised it because towards the end it started crashing and I didn't feel like starting over at the last save but I bought it on sale and it is cute so I'm not mad.
,Recommended,297290,19917127,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,THEODORE THUNDERTHIGHS,"I loved this game!! I loved the sense of humor, the art, the soundtrack. I am so surprised that more people don't know about this game. The ONLY thing I could possibly mention as being a negative to some (personally I thought it was endearing) was the handful of spelling/punctuation/grammatical errors. But in this game's defense, it was not originally in english, and the sheer volume of text in this game is enough of an excuse imo.I bought this on sale but I think the experience was worth much more than what I paid for it. Nice job (:"
76561198186147539,Not Recommended,297290,15175525,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,claireeilisoneill,"If you're not a fan of sexism, I'd leave this one go. The first 3 ""jokes"" that are made are extremely misogynist, including one which goes something along the lines of ""I should really start asking the age of girls before I sleep with them"". Maybe things improve as the game goes on (I switched it off after that) but drawing humour from hinting towards statutory♥♥♥♥♥♥is not something I look for in my games. P"
,Recommended,297290,12924331,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Juma,"It's a Point and Click? Check! Has story? Check! Has humor? Check! It is a remind of other times , times of Monkey Island , Day of the Tentacle , etc. I will be waiting for the next Nerd Monkeys game."
,Recommended,297290,16552306,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Spy,"I just had a good feeling about this game by only seeing the screenshots. i decided to buy and it was on of my decisions ever. this game is classic point & click adventure, with a lot of humor and ""bad jokes"", but also hidden stuff like bugs which they hid in the game on purpose or just secret rooms/screens.  i really enjoyed this game and im hoping for a sequel and then another one and another one and another one. and the music oooh the music. so beautiful.I recommend this game for everyone who can call himself a fan of adventure and point & click games. but even if your not such a big fan you probably will enjoy this masterpiece. 10/10 would point & click again"
,Recommended,297290,20196736,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Maria the Half,"Though quite easy to beat and not really a big challenge, i can say that I agree that the nostalgic part is very present and just for that it was worth it already. I don't know how is it working in the english version but I've been living abroad for a bit and I can say that all this portuguese jargon and humour (accent play such as mocking english words like ""sidequest"") really put me in a happy spirit. I also enjoyed the characters aknowledgement (and confusion) that it is a game after all and there are ""game things"" happening.I would say: play it for the fun of it, but don't expect hard riddles or anything like that :)"
,Recommended,297290,20986917,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Pennywise,Bruno Aleixo aprova!
76561198044844789,Recommended,297290,15696615,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,javpnunes,"Great game! It recalls the first graphical adventures from Sierra and Lucasarts. Still it has its own model for interviewing and interaction - actually it is simpler, but quite effective.I would recommend this game to anyone who likes a good laugh - specially for someone who knows about a specifiic kind of portuguese culture."
,Recommended,297290,20134108,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,kimchiskizm,Fun point and click game. I just wished it had more of a directive in the game. I had to look up the walkthrough to understand what to do after beating the first mission.
76561198124701786,Recommended,297290,20405026,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,beautifulxpastels,"► Detective Case and Clown Bot in: Murder in the Hotel Lisbon ◄Likes:→ Interest Plot→ Interesting Characters→ Hilarious Dialogues→ Horrible Jokes→Items are hidden quite well in some areasDislikes:→ No window mode.→ When alt-tabbed out of the game, it sometimes glitches, though it's not too bad as it returns to normal,usually.→ Going from one location to another can be a pain in the neck in my opinion.The taxi option is available so that got rid of the problem, though I wish moving around to another location would have been a bit more simplier.Other than these dislikes, I would recommend the game as I enjoyed it to the full extent."
,Recommended,297290,13688961,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,JediBT,It's actually funny. 8/10
,Recommended,297290,12234282,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Moobiespaik,"fun game, i really enjoyed it and i reccomend it"
,Recommended,297290,14135435,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Mondeladas [PT],"Excellent point and click, great retro graphics and a nice sound track, it's a must have on your steam library."
,Recommended,297290,13872135,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,NIИ,"Nice point and click game, must buy if you like this kind of games.9/10"
,Recommended,297290,14545743,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Quenestil,"Funny, Weird, Simple and a new classic of the point and click genre!"
