user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198070216789,Recommended,297350,13214874,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Daffyduck,"Beautiful game, The first person perspective is very well executed, But needs to be experienced first hand, I recommend  checking this game out and giving it a go.+The visuals and the artwork combined with the narration and the environments are excellent, plus the music is really beautiful and gives you a tone to the atmosphere on the game,+The story is very interesting, as you listen to the voices throughout the course of the game, it keeps you on your toes and keeps you wanting more.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J12M_5TWRaA"
76561198142967549,Recommended,297350,13222179,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,GhostToast,"""Unfortunately, telling a group of people that they're doing something wrong communicates that you're doing it right. If only that were true. If only I was above all this, instead of beneath everything...""The Old City: Leviathan is a project I've been following for a while now. It captured my attention from the moment I read that it focused entirely on story and exploration without the obsessive combat or jumpscares that plagues the common formula for big-budget-quick-profit games today. My intrigue was instantly sated from the moment I ran the game. I'm obsessed. It's an addicting breath of fresh air that is so desperately needed amongst today's games.This game instead slows you down, sets you free to explore, and unfolds its story through its beautifully crafted environment. It places its trust in human curiosity, and quickly ensnares you in its abstract, fragmented story told through the eyes and ramblings of a madman. Everything done and narrated in this game is terrifyingly meaningful and deep. The intellectual depth and immersion of this game is just absolutely stunning, and combines for one remarkable experience.This is the kind of game that makes you want to write down everything you see, every question you have, and every reoccuring object in hopes of piecing everything together. It's just confusing enough to addict you into finding the truth, yet clear enough to keep you on the hunt for more. This is the kind of game that you can easily spend hours on without realizing. It just might leave you laying awake at night mulling over what you've experienced. It combines gritty, realistic, post-modern elements with whimsical pieces of myth and mystery, and amongst it all you'll find insight that truly transcends anything in the gaming universe today.Unlike a lot of current story-based games, you don't feel like a tourist, you actually feel like an adventurer. You feel like you're the one making the discoveries, not being read to on a forced, one-track story. Leviathan is tangible, it's interactive, it feelsreal.The music and ambiance is on an entire different level as well. It really immerses you into the game. The environment you explore actually feels like a living, breathing beast, and it will send shivers down your spine.It's an experience unlike anything I've ever known in gaming. Do yourself a favour and buy it."
76561198003286305,Recommended,297350,13245035,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Beef Manslab,"The Old City: Leviathan ReviewPremise: A man with an unstable mind finds himself seemingly alone in a collapsed society. The player sees the world through his manic eyes, unfolding a narrative concerning themes of uncertainty, love, and, most importantly, the nature of dreams.Gameplay: Nonexistent, but this is a mercy. Any puzzles would disrupt the game's pace; the only challenge exists in finding the notes composing a 30,000 word novella (which I'll get to later), and trust me, you'll want to find every last scrap. The game has a heavy emphasis on exploration, and little inhibits this. My only complaint here is that it is sometimes unclear when a door leads out of an area permanently rather than just to a smaller side room, which occasionally caused places to go unexplored, as I couldn't return.Visuals: The graphics and art style strike a beautiful middle ground between DIshonored and The Vanishing of Ethan Carter, making good use of the Unreal Engine. While textures themselves are slightly muddy, their stylized nature makes the environments easy on the eyes, and the art direction throughout the game, especially in the dream sequences, absolutely breathtaking. From the dank, oppressive atmosphere of the sewers to the melancholy desolation of the surface, there's never a dull sight.Story: This is the real meat of the game. While the actual story behind the game is murky (a non-issue which will surely be cleared up in the already-announced sequels), the writing is simply on another level. I'm used to toning down my standards for small indie games when it comes to the quality of narrative delivery, but the novella bits in particular are--no joke-- life-changing. The writer/s have a remarkable grasp of incomprehensibly deep philosophical thought to the point where it will almost always feel like they're ahead of you. That is perfectly fine, as the point of the game is to define a new philosophy for yourself, determining the nature of your own reality. The novella pieces are absolutely vital to the narrative, and a couple playthroughs will likely be necessary to track down any missed sections. It's good to go into the game knowing that you need to scour every area as thoroughly as possible before moving on, because you don't want to miss some of the best writing ever put into a game.Sound: This deserves a special little section. The ambient sound is consistently chilling, and I honestly felt scared at points upon hearing the rattle of a can in the wind even though I knew nothing would jump out at me. The music, especially during dreams, is spot-on, adding to the experience without overshadowing it at all. It's also very well-synced to your actions, which is impressive given the number of branching paths in the game world. Finally, there is only one voice-acted character--you, a.k.a. Jonah-- and the talent is very, very good. Far better, in fact, than any indie game has a right to. This guy should be doing voicework for higher-paying games, because honestly, this was one of the most surprising parts of the game. Good narration is hard to do, and this guy nails it. Props.Length: About a five-hour experience if you really take your time. And please, please /really take your time/.Final thoughts:This game is a shockingly in-depth exploration of what it means to be isolated in a world where certainty is fleeting. It's a scathing critique of Dostoevsky's Underground Man (I'm gonna stress this: fans of Dostoevsky are going to love the novellas, because Solomon is essentially Raskolnikov), becoming a quest to find a replacement for certainty. I won't reveal what this replacement is, but suffice to say that the experience is absolutely brilliant and worth every minute you pour into it.10/10"
,Not Recommended,297350,19968516,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Goldi! Goldi! Goldi!,"I am fond of walking simulators. I am not fond of this one.The awe-inspiring environments which force you into ceaselessly hitting your F12 key for screenshotting purposes are rendered meaningless by the title's ridiculous narrative. Have you found the narrator of ""Dear Esther"" a tad too indulged in his own fancy wordings once in a while? ""Leviathan"" puts this to a new level. The narrator is busy annoying the player with his pseudo-philosophic soliloquies, juggling with overly complicated words and misusing them in an unheard of frequency. No first-semester philosophy teacher would accept this as an essay.Then there are volumes of references to bible stories posted on every second wall in the sewerage, making their complexity appear so trivial that the player will likely ignore them altogether to not interrupt the walking flow.In conclusion, a visually stunning experience utterly destroyed by an absurd narrative which is stubbornly distracting the player from what the title does best."
76561198054497740,Recommended,297350,13277679,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,phantomFractal,"This is THE game I have been hoping to come across one day. Finally a story-driven game with an engaging (and beautiful) atmosphere that does not see the need to keep me preoccupied with puzzles or inherently useless gameplay mechanics. The game takes you on a walk through a world where fantasy dances around with reality in delicate coordination. Oh, it was SO refreshing!The Old City: Leviathanis full to the brim with satisfying contemplative fodder for the daydreaming or philosophical mind. I played through it once but it will require several playthroughs to get a decent grasp of everything it wants to say. I am going to add my opinion here of what the game was trying to say. I don't want to ruin anything for anyone so I will put a spoiler tag on it just in case.For me the game has mirrored my journey of seeking the absolute truth, my endeavor to find peace of mind and certainty, but in the end finding none of that. I have begged religion and science for the answers to life's mysteries as have the people spoken of in this story.  Unfortunately, the closer you get to a more ""objective"" truth the more questions you end up with than answers. If any of that journey sounds familiar to you this game may make a lot more sense to you.  Oh, boy here I go..... philosophical tangent.....   Like I said this game is a mirror, maybe there is no objective truth...... can any of us see reality with complete objectivity? Don't we all look at life through some version of rose colored glasses, through some inherent bias? Maybe that is what the game is trying to say.... tangent finishedAnyway, I love this game. I wish there were more just like it. I wish every ""walking simulator"" were just as engaging in story and in atmosphere. I wish other ones would take out their silly puzzles and just let me explore their ideas and the environment. Thank you developers for this incredible game."
,Not Recommended,297350,13314208,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Diamond Sutra,"(no spoilers)It's gorgeous, atmospheric, the soundtrack is wonderful. As ""passive participant walking simulators"" go, it's got a lot going for it. It also has some evocative visual twists, as it has you repeat some familiar areas, but changes them subtly (or not subtly).Definitely on the side of ""wonder/mystery"" and less ""suspense/horror"".Ultimately, though, the story is extremely convoluted. While delivered by a great voice actor, and while it sells itself as having layers of meaning and metaphor... it ultimately doesn't make any sense, and there's no story payoff: The game suddenly ends at a black screen with no resolution and no real sense of what happened, what will happen, and what was happening the entire time you were playing. In the forums, the dev commented that they're thinking of later adding more content that ties things together, adds a payoff.Quite disappointing, because there was a lot of unique ideas, and there are setting elements of a post-apocalypse background world (hints of ""Fragile Dreams: Farewell Ruins of the Moon""), but they never manifest or realize, much less complete, any more than temporary blotches on a confusing campus. Without any grounding, it's all just shifting sands.Pretty sands, mind: Great graphics and sound. But ultimately disappointing. If the devs get back to grounding some story elements as aluded to in forum comments, then it might be worth a revisit.Also: Wonky controller support (even setting buttons for Zoom, Run on an XBox controller does nothing); limited key assignment functionality (could not assign run button to Right Shift, only Left; and NONE of the mouse buttons other than Mouse 1 are assignable, what?); and finally walking is Extremely Slow, and running is Slightly Less than Extremely Slow. I kept my finger on the ""run"" button the entire game despite pausing frequently to take in all the beautiful landscapes, and even then it was too slow."
,Recommended,297350,19736401,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,A Penguin,"A heavily atmospheric walking simulator from the perspective of an unhinged individual where you explore some locations and find a novella to read. The primary feelings here are isolation and dread punctuated by moments of disgust.Cons:- No gameplay except walking around and exploring.- Walking around and exploring is occasionally frustrating as you may accidentally leave an area before exploring it completely. You can double-back and going through an area is simple once you know where you're going, but doing so breaks the flow of the game. Probably a side-effect of not being completely linear.Pros:+ Looks beautiful. Runs on Unreal Engine.+ Sounds amazing. Music is dark ambient composed by Atrium Carceri.+ Story is decent. I was debating putting this in a third category that is neither a pro nor a con because the narration is occasionally confusing and the prose is very long while saying very little, but ultimately I decided this works with the rest of the feel of the game. Nothing groundbreaking here either, but it fits.Verdict:RecommendedbecauseThe Old City: Leviathanknows what it is and executes it well.Caveat:The Old City: LeviathanIs not for everyone. Don't buy this unless you know what you're getting. It helps to like reading, because you will need to read a lot in-game."
,Not Recommended,297350,14073927,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,nanovoid,"TL;DR - Great graphics and creative design, but nothing else.I truly wanted to like this game because it really is a beautiful experience. The GRAPHICS are amazing and there's alot of instances where you'll simply stop walking just to fully enjoy the scenery. The MUSIC is subtle and that works great for this type of game--a soft eerie melody that keeps you wondering what might happen when you enter the next room. The CONTROLS aren't much to speak of, obviously, as you'll only use the 'Use"" key to open doors and collect a handful of (quite lengthy) notes.The reason that I've chosen to not recommend this lays in the story and overall (attempted) philosophy of the game. You will find yourself putting together a background for why you are where you are and even who you may have been before the events of the game and none of it will matter because there doesn't seem to be any reason. The game takes a simple philosophy and stretches it until it borders on mindless drivel and can even be considered quite arrogant. There are several instances where some of the dialogue sounds quite deep and enlightening before you realize it makes absoloutely no sense. It may simply be that you are supposed to apply the verses being preached to your own assumptions, therefore creating your own story, but with such little meaning to any of it there's no real reason to even attempt to piece it together. You may as well just mute the sound, turn off subtitles and just let your imagination create a ""mod"" in place of whatever is supposed to be happening.Like I said before though, there are several instances where you will see things that you are almost certain are part of some inner turmoil and hints that there may be something sinister happening behind the curtains but if this is indeed true, they don't let you in on it. Pretty much every question goes unanswered."
,Recommended,297350,13296032,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,YRYR♪♪ | Hibiki♥,"This game makes you think...makes you dive into the mind of someone who understands they are completely isolated, without anyone to even speak to. Imagine...all your friends are dead. Everyone; your loved ones, your pets, everyone and anything. This game tells the story of a long lost civilization, and how it fell because of events that I shall save for those who decide to play this game. This was NOT a waste of time, and you can definitely see the effort these developers put into making ""The Old City: Leviathan."""
76561197994679910,Recommended,297350,13359913,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,zholobov,No gameplay whatsoever. No jump scares. Everything is pretty static. Sort of like an exposition in a museum. A dead city you walk through and read the tale. Takes you around 4 hours including peeking into every corner and reading the Solomon's notes. A misanthrope's story with beautiful but a little repetitive scenery. A little pretentious and very misanthropic - philosophical all way around. Worth about 2 or 5 bucks for those interested in despising humans.
76561198108689654,Recommended,297350,17453690,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Inquisitor Eslaf,"In my opinion, this game was amazing. I purchased this off of a Steam Sale because I was a little skeptical (which I would recommend because this game is not for everyone). It is short game, but should be given time for full immersion and discovery (for me, it took 11 hours). There is no objective but to explore and discover as you please. While it is not totally free roam and directed towards a singular path, there are areas that are easy to miss if you are not careful. Even some subtle but interesting and sometimes amazing details. The environment has moments of beauty and moments of creepiness thanks to the amazing visuals and perfectly timed ambient. The true value I found in this game is the story. There are a lot of philosophical elements and analogies that are very interesting. As you read through a variety of notes and explore new areas, you learn more things about the world around you and follow the intriguing stories of a few specific characters. Sure, you are not given a final big reveal of everything, but the game doesn't leave you empty handed either, provided you journeyed through this game right. It has room for interpretation, which is something that I value.Like I said, this game is not for everyone. I would recommend this game for those who enjoy exploration games, reading, philosophical elements, and an open ended yet full story.I look at this game as I look at a good book. It is worth keeping to enjoy the journey again another time.Make the Leap."
,Recommended,297350,20063775,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Fellvoid,"""The Old City: Leviathan"" is a existencial, philosophical piece. It's  far from a game, but more of a First Person Experience.This short, but brilliant work of art tells several stories, which are open to interpretation. All of these stories are filled with direct and indirect symbolism. It speaks about the human condition, about choices and about progress. And it does so in very beautiful, expressive writing and amazing visual acompaniment. Even though the symbols used are quite original in thought, they suffer the same problem all western-born symbolism shares - there is too much religious undertone that holds the entire structure. However, here it's at least done properly. The symbols expand from one to several meanings and ultimately - grant truth in thought.Very few gripes can be had here otherwise. Overmapped surfaces sometimes cause you to bump into rocks or edges, slowing you down. And it's a bit tiresome to stop and read all the text scattered across the landscape. All pages that can be found are well written and interesting, revealing quite a lot about the miracle world you walk in, but stoping to read causes the player to stop exploring, which is the biggest drive in intriguing place like the Old City. It's sad that they were not voiced, so the player could listen to them while exploring (simillar to Voxophones in BioShock, etc).Beyond that, ""The Old City: Leviathan"" is the most thought-provoking and meaningful ""gaming"" experience I've ever had. It's the closest thing to art I've felt since ""Journey"" and it's a shame it's so underground. This also speaks a lot about our society, for if this had been a book or a short story, even a movie, it would have gotten huge praise. But that's a talk for another time.Those who crave something meaningful and beautiful, which will leave them sinking in thought - Leviathan calls for you, so fall and be brave. To everyone else, who thinks that philosophical artpieces are not their thing - you are probably right, but still keep in mind that the game is very beautiful - there is loads to see in this world. And even if you deny the symbolism, the pure story told is very intriguing, as the world built seems surprisingly believable.""The Old City: Leviathan"" is one of the best experiences available in the market. If you think you are going to enjoy this, you mos tcertainly are (for one reason or another). Spread the word, get more people to feel this, as it is a masterpiece worthy of something much more than a GOTY."
,Not Recommended,297350,29059355,Posted: 6 January,all,Subspace Dandy,"There's a difference between ""philosophical"" and ""vapid hipster nonsense""."
76561198048974498,Recommended,297350,32194719,Posted: 5 June,all,rjmacready,"There's a saying in creative writing circles: show, don't tell. With the obvious exception of interactive novels and text adventures, which one evidently enters into expecting truckloads of reading, the ""show, don't tell"" principle surely applies all the more to video games. Unless you're the makers of The Old City: Leviathan, who have chosen to scatter not just bog-standard ""notes"" but entire SHORT STORIES throughout their game! The good news for those of us who DON'T wish to stop playing for a full twenty minutes to read backstory is that the voice-over narrative and shorter notes posted intermittently on the walls provide enough context for us to follow the story, which, as it turns out, is a pretty good one indeed.Tonally and narrative-wise, I'm actually tempted to compare it to the slightly superior Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs, a game which took an awful beating over its minimal mechanics but excelled - in my opinion, at least - in the area of storytelling. The Old City and Machine certainly share a very nihilistic, almost borderline misanthropic view of humanity: feel-good this ain't, so if you're only into the more ""relaxing"" end of the ""walking simulator"" spectrum, might be best to give this one a miss (though it does harbour a tiny bit of hope towards the end). That said, it's a great game for those of you who enjoy a dark atmosphere without being constantly harassed by monsters and other dangers, as there's none of that here. Just reflections on the monstrous nature of humankind, and the horrible things we are all-too-capable of.Technically-speaking, it's a minor gem. The sound design and voice acting are very good, and the graphics are simply luscious, with some quite gob-smacking sights on offer. Presuming this is the debut of PostMod Softworks (terrible name!), it's quite the debut indeed.Strongly recommended to all ""walking simulator"" fans, especially those who are up for a bit of reading; though as I said above, it is kinda optional. The atmosphere alone is worth the price of admission, and six bucks is a pretty small asking price for what you're getting here. I'd also recommend this to anyone who's been curious about the whole ""walking simulator"" phenomenon: you could do far, far worse than to start here, as this is by far one of the best specimens of the genre to date. Sure, it's a tad pretentious, but I'll take that over lack of ambition any day.Full kudos to the devs for their unashamed effort to make not just a game, but a fully-fledged work of ""art"". They pretty much pulled it off, too.Verdict: 9/10.(PS You know, I enjoyed this game so much by the end that I think I may put aside the time to read all those super-long passages on a second playthrough. I suspect they may be worth it. But I still say it's questionable video game design to plonk a twenty minute read in the player's lap in the first fifteen minutes of play, haha.)"
,Recommended,297350,18760606,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,AestheticGamer,"This is hardly a game I would recommend for most people, but I liked it. It's a walking simulator with a ton of writing, some of it may come off as pretentious, but I actually really liked the world, characters, and story to the game, so it worked for me. It succeeds at what it sets out to do since, while the gameplay is little more than walking around, the locations are interesting, sometimes breathtaking, and other times creepy. Each area has a hidden event you can uncover (or not) that usually puts a grim dark, sometimes horror-esque, twist on the location, and helps run with the games themes if we're crazy or 'see beyond the void.' The writing is optional, but also not if you really want to get the most out of the game. It is long-winded, and you'll spend a lot of time reading if you get into it, but I found myself engaged by it most of the time and liked the way the story was told, and how the writing would be reflected, sometimes much later, in the game world itself, leading to a feeling of it all being connected.The characters are well-realized and flawed despite there not being a single cutscene in the game and you never meet another character in person (just read things from them or about them, our character speaks of them, and we see places where they once were or lived in). The music is well-done and fits when it creeps up. The before-mentioned events and effects of those events you can find are well done. And the game has a level of subtlety to many of its themes and small changes.Basically, for what the game sets out to do, I think it succeeds, and I quite enjoyed it. But what it sets out to do I don't think would be universally appealing, and really I'd only recommend it to those that like walking simulators and exploring, cryptic psychological stories, and don't mind reading a lot. A worth-while walking simulator for the mind that doesn't mind some reading, thinking, and and visual-audio stimuli to keep oneself invested."
,Not Recommended,297350,20714819,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,SpaceCouncil,"Teal DeerDevelopers:PostMod SoftworksPublishers:PostMod SoftworksInitial release:Dec 2014Genre:Adventure, Walking Simulator#Worth/NotWorth:#NotWorthExposition, Concurrence and SummationI like Walking Simulators. I don't like Walking Simulators that fail to tell a cohesive story.Let me start with the things I do like about the game:- The art direction is beautiful, your finger will hover over F12 the entire game- its very atmospheric- the voice acting is rather decentThe story however is not. At no stage did I have a decent grasp of what was happening. The narrator is always spouting some vaguely mystic cerebral heady statements about truth and dreams. I had no idea if I was inside the mind of the main character or if I was exploring an actual city that this character inhabited. I additionally was unclear as to whether that distinction even mattered to begin with. I began to ask myself if the confusion was intentional. I decided that even if it was I was not having a decent experience regardless. It is shame that this 'narratively focused experiment' main take away is confusion about reality. At the end the character seemed to find some solace but I had no exposition as to why this was occurring and full disclosure I only read a few of the notes. So before you dismiss my experience for not reading the ABSURD amount of writing in this game; let me explain why reading (this volume) of notes is like I said, absurd.When the main narrative is told through notes in something construed as an interactive narritively driven experiment to the degree that the only interaction is walking, opening doors and actually reading much more than a few essays worth of writing. MAYBE, just maybe you've chosen the wrong medium to deliver your tale.Follow my curation for more"
,Recommended,297350,24283071,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,CorvusCorax,"TL;DR: A short walking simulator with an engaging storyline that has a lot of room for interpretation. Taking place in a unique, post-apocalyptic world, Leviathan has a one-of-a-kind narrative that some may find very interesting while others might hate it for being (at times) boring. The game has excellent graphics, great accompanying music and it rewards you for exploring each section in its entirety. Of all the FPE (first person exploration) games out there the Old City is a must.Leviathan belongs to those games that can be characterised as ""first person exploration"" games or simply ""walking simulators"". There are no enemies here, no levels to complete with a boss fight, no real challenges; the emphasis is on story immersion by walking and at the same time interacting with objects of the world is kept to a minimum. This also means that these games are rather short and a walkthrough means we've pretty much seen everything that is to be seen.I have grown fond of these games in recent years. So much so that I enjoyed exploring all the different endings of ""Stanley Parable"" and I even completed a rather mediocre game called ""The NADI Project"". I also know that it's best to steer away from some of these games - let's just say they have reached the level of AAA games meaning the final product cannot always please everybody (yes, I'm looking at you, ""Everybody's Gone to the Rapture""!).Leviathan puts us into a unique world; a world which is first seen as an industrial complex. As we go through the storerooms full of boxes and tables littered with notes (messages meant for us to elaborate the history of the Old City) we may get bored but after a while we notice a change of scenery. Outside locales look refreshing but also equally confusing: What are these floating statues doing in the sky? Why is a dead whale ashore next to several dozens of huge containers? And while going towards the subway entrance we are mesmerised by the game's attention to detail - looking up we can see a highway and suddenly get stunned by the huge crab-like creature leisurely strolling on the road (I guess he did not need to pay the tool fee). We barely see it but we know it is there. And how come more than one level starts in a child's room only for us to see the sewers and the storerooms once more when exiting mentioned room?This is an interesting ambiguity we are faced here. For once we expect to get an explanation for this world's post-apocalyptic nature but then we start questioning whether or not this is all going on in our mind. The ""voice"" that regularly (mainly at the beginning of each chapter) speaks pushes us forward so that we can find out more on the 3 factions (the Guild, the Order and the Unknowing) and makes us try to identify the people behind the names that all have biblical origins (Abraham, Jonah, etc.)Completing Leviathan can happen pretty fast. Walking from point A to point B is easy - sometimes the door to the exit is right in front of us. Still, it's best to explore our periphery to see what the Old City holds for us. We may get some extra lines from our ""voice"", plus, hidden in various corners and alleyways we may bump into Solomon's notes, documents giving us further reading and helping understand the world that may just be in our imagination.Beside the interesting story what stands out is Leviathan's graphics. Not as detailed as in the ""Vanishing of Ethan Carter"" (you really cannot top this one), still, in terms of atmosphere and attention to detail it is top-notch in every which way. Unlike ""Gone Home"" or ""Dear Esther"" for the first time I felt the need to replay a couple of chapters to see what more information the city could give me.If you like the genre this game is a must. And if you have a hard time with the understanding join the discussion thread in the forum - there are some interesting theories as to what the game's message is."
,Recommended,297350,13290540,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Inquisitor Vawn,"At anywhere between three to five hours, you could be forgiven for thinking this is a shallow game. But that could not be further from the truth. The story of a man trying to find Truth in his exploration of the remnants of a world long gone, The Old City: Leviathan is a hell of an experience.If you don't like to read, I would have to suggest this game is not for you. I would recommend turning subtitles on and then just exploring the world. Read the pages scattered around the world, pick up Solomon's journals and follow his progression (digression?) across the course of his words and just feel the story.The visuals, sound and all around atmosphere are completely absorbing. Though there's no enemies, no other living entities you encounter apart from some mythical beasts that form more set than interactive partner, at moments there was real tension, a terror of the unknown and what you may find next.This story does not hold your hand. You have to piece it together as you progress, between your character's musings, the journals and scattered books and pages you find. It won't explain what The Fall is, it won't go into the reasons why the world is how it is... It just Is.But if you are willing to let go, to engage in the story... it will take you all the way down and engulf you in its depths. I don't know if I feel elated that I finished, or heartbroken."
,Recommended,297350,17483450,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Jescalee_soro,"The Old City is beautifully dark and soul wretchingly enigmatic.In no way can you have a full grasp of this post-apocalyptic city in one play-through.Attatched to an underground dweller whose grasp on reality is comparable to that of Lewis Carroll's Alice books, you're immersed in thoughts and monologues that focus on dreams, lack of truth and the reality of the life he has come to know.As you follow him through the ruins of the city, you begin to see behind his curtain of illusion and see the decay and darkness for what it truly is.This game is hauntingly thought provoking and I can't say that there would have been any other way of spinning this story."
76561198078098282,Recommended,297350,25830680,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Edgar Degas,"I can only recommend this to people who like philosophy, or have an instinc to searcheverywhere, or like reading in games [youtubers beware].4/10 what is a game._____Why? Wanna know more?Keep this in mind before purchasing:What is a game?. I'm not saying this for the sake of comedy.  This is a mixed feelings review.First: watch the trailers.  (...) Are you ready?I would have loved to write a review based on a game-story-graphics perspective, but the software itself forgets to keep pacing. This game does not hold your hand... instead, abandons you to explore. Good so far; but then it fails todeliver. The plot it is not that complicated; in fact, relies on you to have some basics notions on modern philosophy and the way humans reach knowledge; and conspiracy, and humans politicals interactions. This is not sarcasm: I'm not hating the game, but I can't love it either. Just keep reading.It is not bad that the software requires a set ofopen-mindness-sort-of-ambiguity-the-voice-is-clever-talking-about-postmodernism-modernism-I'm-saying-too-many-clever-kind-of-true-things-in-such-short-notice-oh-my-you-get-it?-you-think-you-get-it-oh-no-now-you-get-it-soylent-green-is-people-existentialism-pessimism-nihilism-we-love-the-void-life-is-meaninglesskind of narrative. It is interesting. You think that's too much words? Wait for the game to amuse you. The software does it well, tough; masterpiece indeed in content, the writers did their homework; even as a non-native english speaker it is not difficult to understand... but, in a personal note: there are other ways to introduce people to these content without sounding deliberately cryptic. It feels forced.To keep it brief, I will focus in design:Pros+ Story is interesting, so many references to existentialism, modern philosophers and whatnot (if you're into that stuff... [I KNOW YOU ARE].+ Lovecraftian vibe... sort of.+ The environment is beautiful... you will break the F12 Key (screen capture).+ Voice acting (text aside) is a perfect fit.+ UDK (Unreal Engine 3 version of it) cannont look better.+ So many lovely 3d models. Lots of love.+ Chapter selection.+ Coherent dates in notes.+ No cheap jumpscares. This is not a horror game.Cons- Speed movement. This is a walking simulator, even when you're running you're walking. It can be annoying.- The experience could be shorter if you can run. Think about that, developers.- Level design misses somewhat the point of progressing the story.- Developers relies on you to explore some things that are non essential to complete the story. Let me explain: I finished a level by accident and I missed the story in it. This, for me, is unforgettable... I wanted to know without restart, without the error.(because I was to lazy to walk all the level again in snail-speed 1 or 2 shift-wise , but sadly I did it anyway).- You can miss a LOT of the plot if you don't explore such non-essential-to-progress locations.- There are so many things taking place with little guide of the game to know what is relevant or what is not due to this undetermination of what is essential to progress that you are going to miss some things.In that respect, the game fails to deliver and became an experience with scattered notes.- You will have to exit the game into the main menu to read more of the story killing immersion in the process.Neutral stuff (spoilers ahead)@ It relies on you to read... a lot. This can be a problem if you think that a game should have the content storywise presented in a interesting-audible way that does not interfiere with the gameplay. I think is fine.@ Non replayable. I wasn't expecting that either.@ The journey is philosophycal. It is not real. Wait... WHAT IS REAL. Is a dream. Think about that. It is important? It is that relevant?@ I WANT TO DRINK THE THREE DIFFERENT WATER SOURCES TO UNDERSTAND THE THREE FACTIONS PERSPECTIVE TO KNOW THE TRUTH BUT WHAT DO I KNOW.@ Interaction just opens doors. I really wanted more... Now I'm sad that this is only a walking simulator.@ You will have the BIBLICAL JOURNEY OF JONAH.. sort of. As an atheist myself I feel deceived into knowledge... you see what I did? Me neither. What is life?In the end... it is not a game, and I can only recommend this experience to you if you:1. Have patience:to read a lot, to walk slower than the giant 3d models, to hear philosophical-mid-truths-relativism-is-the-anwser-or-not-at-all-to-the-meaningless-of-life kind of assertions andto choose what is relevant for you to know even though it is not relevant to further progression on the game. Please do not say ""It is subjective because I say so"".2. You have time for a 3ish hour walk.Sadly, in words of the developers...#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorPeople generally aren't fond of philosophy in general because people are largely (especially on the internet) staunchly empirical and reject any notion of subjective worth. That's fine! This game isn't for you if you're that sort of person! This game is for people who like to take things a little slower, read a bit, think about some stuff, look around to try and connect the dots, and think about it all some more. It's for people who want to play detective in a world that doesn't spoonfeed them. If you like a traditional story with 3 acts and setups and payoffs, this isn't going to be the game for you. And, again, that's absolutely fine.Yes... that's it. You will have to take this leap of faith: are you going to be the simple man and not play this game because is utterly slow and charged with knoledge presented in a eerie fashion... or are you going to be the smart person and play this game and then tell your friends how cool and versed in philosophy you are because of this software.Now I have mixed feelings with my choice.The game did that.4/10 What is a game?"
,Recommended,297350,13229330,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,davidgressett1971,"Beautiful artwork, music, and great original concept. Atmospheric and spooky. Have you ever been playing a beautiful game and thought ""man, wish that the jabberwocky or whatever would stop fighting me for 15 minutes so I could just look around at this environment and appreciate the mood, the composition, the lighting.""? If not, this game will bore you. If you have, you'll savor every frame.Any criticisms?1. Would be nice if you had more control over saving progress.2. The ""narrative"" is confusing and often quite pretentious. It's supposed to come from an insane perspective, but if you happen to be a sane person trying to enjoy it, it goes too far off the rails IMO. It helps to understand it if you're widely read in mythical and biblical lore to recognize many of the references. I can appreciate the artist's boldness at going for something so ambitious, but I often found myself laughing when the story was trying to be deep or serious.Don't ""play"" it, wander through it. Take it slow, don't try too hard to understand, just explore every direction and take in the experience like a dream."
76561198069735211,Not Recommended,297350,29107586,Posted: 7 January,all,DaHotFuzz,"You begin in a city sewer or something and end up exploring by walking/running (both at a snail's pace) in different corridors until you find the right one, after which, the game instantly hurls you into the next chapter.10 minutes pass and I arrive in an outside area; here there are three doors you can go through - each go somewhere different.  I entered one and the path kept on going and going so I turned back worried that I missed out on the other places outside.  I entered the second door and the same thing happened so I return and go through the third and final door in this area only to find out that doing this concludes the third 'chapter' I was apparently already on.  So, I thought, okay, I will just backtrack, right? Nope, I was teleported somewhere else completely and could not go back.  All this does is make you miss out on what the game has to offer forcing you to restart.  Very poor decisonmaking on the developers here.The story is a boring mess.  Its narration tries too hard to sound intelligent by bombarding you with fancy words to the point where it totally distracts you from the point its trying to lead you to.It looks gorgeous but that is essentially all this game has to offer.  What a disappointment this turned out to be. Avoid at all costs unless you want to only spend your time in a game taking a few pretty screenshots."
,Recommended,297350,20207842,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Zaymbie,"Pros:-Environments are gorgeous and sometimes unnerving.-Story is interesting.-A lot of exploratory value.Cons:-Moving onto the next chapter before you're ready is likely.-Notes can be easy to miss.-Dialogue tries too hard to sound deep and philosphical at times.Summary:The Old City is a story to be discovered through the exploration of two contrasting yet beautiful environments. You go chapter to chapter, finding notes pertaining to the Old City. Every note is worth reading, and those that need to be collected in each chapter are easy enough to find - once you realize you have to interact with things that give no indication of being clickable.Rather existential in its monologue-riddled storyline, sometimes this crosses the border from intriguing speech to psuedo philosophy. For the most part, it's still entertaining.A little too vague at times, The Old City offers directions at limited points in the game, and you face the possibility of leaving a chapter before you've seen everything. This gets better deeper into the game, almost as if the developers are improving as you go.With an enchanting atmosphere, a few well-placed unsettling moments, and a foundation built on biblical reference, this game ultimately offers a great 5 hour experience. I can't wait to see what comes next."
,Recommended,297350,16700169,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,no Nairdan2^,"First, you should note that The Old City: Leviathan is not a game for everyone and it is not meant to be.The Old City is a story, where you are the main character exploring and experiencing the story first-hand.If you are not into reading long notes, empathizing with your character and excogitate about his and the whole situation, then maybe this game is not the right choice for you.Nonetheless let us talk about the game in detail.Yes, it is short. It only took me close to six hours to complete the story, despite reading everything thoroughly and taking my time to explore each and every corner of the game. Yet, it still was an interesting, philosphical but sometimes even horrid experience.Keep a close eye(and ear) one the story and narratives and you will get to know who you are and why you see things like you do. Visiting a place twice might also be worth it.  All in all notes and narratives are very well written and provide enough information to grasp the plot.Visuals and the soundtrack provide a great atmosphere which changes troughout the game, from horrific scenes to beautiful industrial scenery. The graphic style is very similar to Dishonored and powered by the Unreal Engine on DirectX 9, which is in no way a bad thing.All music is composed and recorded by Cryo Chamber. You can buy the soundtrack here:Cryo Chamber - The Old City: Leviathan OST.This review may not be very long, but i don't want to spoil any of the story and there really is not much to say about gameplay as there is nothing but to walk around and move the mouse. So i will conclude this here.The Old City: Leviathan is a philosophical story in which you are ought to explore, think and find out.It is designed to make you think and that it does."
,Recommended,297350,14431485,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,FreakOrama,"Notice: Steam gameplay time is wrong. The whole game is around 2-3 hours long.The Old City: Leviathan is a short, surreal first person exploration game with a focus on story, one of those 'walking simulators' I guess, which personally I do enjoy that type of game, or now you could say genre. Before we go on, yes this is a game, and a good one too.The game is very much of an experience to have, while every game is an 'experience to have', it's the focus in this game, where you explore and wander in its world, listening to a story and trying to figure it out, throwing at you the experience and vision of it's creator, and while every game does that to a certain degree, this game is a full dose of it.It started off very creep and scary, to the point where I thought i should stop playing, but I took a little break, dismissed the idea that it's scary and embarrassed that it's a weird and unique experience, and so my uneasy feeling went away. What came after that is the awesome, beautiful look of the game, with cozy colorful graphic style and pretty effects, nicely designed levels with amazing models and structures, followed by a fitting soundtrack to keep the interest going, and nice narration.Although I didn't understand the gist of the story, or even most of it, like half of the games on this genre, it felt good i guess, and nice to get something out of it too from time to time. Also there's a lot (not MMORPG a lot) of text to read every now and then in-game on a piece of paper of book, which are kind of nice.There isn't much to say, the game is good and I like it because of it's awesome looks, design, relaxation, and narration with a few story bits. It has a lot of elements of Dear Esther in terms of its approach, a bit of The Vanishing Of Ethan Carter with its mystery, and a tiny bit of The Stanley Parable with its design. Also, for some reason the game made it so that every door you open, you open a whole new world, and so every time I want to open one, I get extremely excited and anxious, and satisfied with the results most of the time. If you like the genre then you will like this game.Shamelesslinkto original post."
76561197989132185,Recommended,297350,26733793,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,pulp-reduced,"As is common with these sorts of games, the more you bring into it, the more you get out of it. Another aspect of a text-heavy game with a propensity for intellectual musings is how much you engage with the actual content of the game. Whether or not I was capable of engaging or extracting something from this experience is not immediately clear, and naturally it would require some effort through reflection.At its core, or at least by what the initial impression of Old City: Leviathan intimates, the game is strictly Schopenhauerian. Pessimism is the constant underlining thought, in virtue of the misanthropy of the quotes, the anger in regards to stupidity and lightheartedness, the refusal of people in general to engage with what is morally deemed as “intellectually more important”, and so on. “You will never be content”, the game proclaims. The cynical disgust of this game is one that I know personally, and have tried hard to distance myself from. Old City: Leviathan seem to carry with it the same amount of ambiguity. At the one hand, a rat should be allowed to be a rat, it is its nature to be a rat, to rat. But the human being, with its rationality and faculties of mind is held to a higher standard. Suicide is said to be caused by weak-mindedness (depression), whereas the utilitarian argument is seen as a higher form of reason to commit suicide. Being useless, or thinking you are useless, serves, according to this game's narrator/main character, as a reason to not exist as a functioning human being. The utilitarian argument, however, needs to be limited to the act itself of killing oneself, and derive from the idea of being of as much use or happiness to as many people possible. Any such idea where suicide is seen as the ultimate response to a problem of uselessness, can be solved through means altogether distant from event of death. Hopefully that can be understood well enough, since its elaboration has no real place in a “review”.A story seems to be connected, but is far from conspicuous or intelligible. It's fragmented, like games of this ilk normally are. Story elements come piecemeal and give you just enough to intrigue you until the next point of exposition. But many of them point to a distinct Nietzschean bent, existential philosophy in general may be applied to a multitude of points in this game, with ease. The game speaks of drinking from the common pools of water, and being released from the confines of these waters by experimenting with other bodies of water, observing their toxicity levels and finding that they are harmless, that they are liberating. What other metaphor could this serve as than the one of State and individual? Of State-philosophy in regards to the nomadic philosophy? The conventional ideas as the obverse of the thinker in solitude? Institution against uninhibited expression and creation of concepts? “I would rather die than to continue to exist with the same unchanging fruits of an undiscovered tree”, I would rather die than to continue to exist with the same unchanging facts of an undiscovered source of ground for its existence. Perhaps it is simply what I take from this, which is likely, but I see in it the individual's frustration with the Other, with the outside, with the constructed, with the disingenuous and spurious, with the mindlessness of everyday life and its routines. A frustration so powerful that it feels the urge to maim, crush and stab every notion that may be interpreted as being a mode of that Other, of that conformist thinking. Perhaps even a frustration in regards to shame, an attempt at self-preservation, maintaining one's form, conatus, as Spinoza would call it.At the same time, there is an aspect of the game that praises discovery. The game in itself is discovery. Albeit a somewhat reduced version of discovery. You choose which way to go, get transported back to where you started and choose a different path. Perhaps that diminishes the idea of free choice here, but discovery is at the core what you do. You do not walk as much as you see and think and read, at least not when reduced to what is remembered and thought about regarding the game. A game like this, to be satisfying, does not need to give you something all the time, it does not need to talk all the time, give you the most exciting things to look at, but it needs to be atmospheric with a proper amount of thickness. It needs to understand sound-design and well-crafted scenes, it needs to understand visual composition and the manipulations coupled with both visuals and sounds. I do believe this game understands this to a large extent. Some scenes were genuinely shocking, to the point where my stomach turned a bit, and I felt truly uncomfortable. That, I felt, was the combination of the writing, the visuals and the audio. Where the music sets the tone, with perfect drones that give this ambiance of discomfort through uneasy rumblings, through distorted singing-tones and even more so: with silence. This is not to say that the entire experience was filled to the brim with highlights, but they are there, and they are solid.It is always interesting when something creative propounds to stand for something destructive. Where one has yet reached the constructive phase of development. It is easy to tear down the constructs of the former mind, society or whatever, but to rebuild is an entirely different matter. What kind of positivity can be brought, or is there, after the destruction? If one searches for truth, is that truth not then a point of stagnation? What then becomes of the dream of progress? Is progress linear, is it eschatological? Is it always reaching for entelechy? Creativity seems to be entirely different from those endeavors, different than meaning and dreams and fulfillment. Creativity seems to be in itself and for itself, thus making all writing for its own sake, not for the sake of expression or giving, even finding truth, but to create and form structures that are only held up by the strength of their seams. It is pure activity, positive constructionism.The above view is more of the one found in schizophrenic laughter, as Deleuze and Guattari would have it. Meaninglessness to the point of meaninglessness and pointlessness being moot points, or just nonsensical. A thetic theism in the guise of existentialism, the struggle of privation, the Lack of some kind of God or universal meaning. As there are physical means of obtaining a hidden truth of the world, as if existence changes through insight. Loneliness does nothing but make you alone, and that is the true pain of it. In one of Solomon's notes we can see the classic view of loneliness being the key to finding truth, to gaining the scientific unbiasedness that is so pathetically craved. Despite loneliness, we only have so many ideals to find, and the ones immediately available are the ones we generally associate with intelligence. Science! Mankind! Humanity! Functionality! They are wonderfully revered, even in the lonely. But even this area of thought lies in contiguity with conformity, with conventionalism, with Method, with prescription. Even a lonely person cannot shake their ideals, the ones formed in sociality. What they find is only the arbitrariness of it all, and mistake it for meaninglessness, instead of trying to perceive it for what it is.The game goes a different direction and finds itself in Cartesian waters, while entirely misunderstanding his grounds for knowledge. There is always an answer to nihilism, and to progression and the Spirit of humanity, and that is the perpetual cycle of pointless argumentation. The circumventions are what are interesting. We find it in Bergson and Deleuze and originally in Spinoza. No matter what counters there are to the existential philosophy of this game, the conversation and core of it is very enjoyable to live through, to think through."
76561198025230878,Not Recommended,297350,23948319,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,glymfeather,"I didn't particularly enjoy this game.  At the sale price I got it for, it's hard to complain, but it wasn't for me.It's a walking simulator with reasonably pretty graphics.  There are no puzzles, no other living characters, no enemies, and only one path.  There's a story of sorts with a somewhat philosophical bent.I meticulously explored every inch of the environment.  It took 4 hours total, and by the end I just wanted it to be over.If you enjoy walking simulators and want to pick up another for pocket change, go for it."
,Not Recommended,297350,20596711,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,luvcraft,"On the upside, this game is absolutely beautiful. It switches back and forth between a HL2-inspired industrial setting littered with corpses and a Dark-Souls-inspired fantasy setting scattered with giant sleeping monsters. I honestly suspect that the developers had been halfway through developing both a HL2 clone and a Dark Souls clone when their funding ran out, and they had to cobble this game together from all the assets they'd created for both.The game is FILLED with text; there are typewritten pages plastered to walls throughout the game, there's graffiti on the walls, there are boxes you find that contain so much text that there's a separate menu to scroll through it, and there's a rambling first-person narrator. The developers boast that there are over 30,000 words of text in the game.This wouldn't necessarily be a downside, but most of the text is the shallow philosophical ramblings of the narrator, and the rest is overly-long and flowery exposition about the philosophies of three warring post-apocalyptic factions. None of the text is engaging, and none of it has any pertinence to what the player is doing, or contributes anything to the setting.Ignoring the uninteresting and unrelated narrative, Leviathan is a beautiful but empty experience, like wandering through an action game in a developer mode with all of the monster spawns and puzzles turned off. There are numerous areas throughout the game that are clearly designed to be combat arenas, boss fights, and ammo caches, but are all strangely empty. I would love some day to play the HL2 clone and the Dark Souls clone that the developers clearly started out trying to make, but I can't really recommend this."
76561198096079278,Recommended,297350,24595323,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,FriendFive,"Beautiful looking game, but hard to recommend unreservedly to everyone. If you like walking simulators like Dear Esther, then you will feel right at home with this one. The environments are creepy and/or beautiful and there is good voice narration plus eerie music. I can't say that I really understood the whole story because there was plenty of philosophy and insanity going on, but it was a very trippy experience with occasional chills. Hope that helps."
76561197995408661,Recommended,297350,20362676,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Siloam,"Fascinating game, but I think there are a couple ways you can take this. You can be completely literal and treat this as a post-apocalyptic walking-sim and probably be completely bored, or you can treat this as a philosophical treatise on the progress of humanity. I took the later route and thoroughly enjoyed it, but you have to be willing to commit to a lot of reading (which can be tedious), a lot of brain-bending, and (for me) a lot of note-taking.It also really helps to be familiar with some basic philosophy, psychology, Bible, and classic poetry (Arnold and Keats specifically). Someone made this convenient list of terms you might want to familiarize yourself with because, yes, it is that kind of game.Book of JonahPre/Post ModernismEpistemologyOntologyTruth TheoryPsychoanalysisFreudian Theory and Dream InterpretationExistentialismNihilismExistential NihilismThen again, you could take the literal approach and just enjoy the beautiful scenery, haunting music, charming voice in your head, and occasional scenes ofbrutalized corpses."
76561198012591684,Recommended,297350,23621816,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,freestonew,"near 4 hours in.[i played this game in hour chunks]Incredible.no doubt I could just say the same things that others have said, who praised this game, so I will just add my own extra comments.you are exploring a vast city complex.   you know nothing about it except what you read on the notes scattered in places.yes, there are save checkpoints, but do not let these deter you, as nothing carries over, thus you can replay the same level over and over, looking for secrets, what you carry with you is in your head!  just imagine, in the game, that you go to sleep on a mattress every night!you will note, soon enough, that while the basement halls look modern and western, there is something very strange going on.....note the Jokes, like seeing a vine covered floor ruined mens room with a sign  on a moveable post, ""cleaning in progress, beware of wet floor""!no monsters attack you.    no platforming.   just exploring with a very strange atmosphere of sounds.  be sure to open every door.   beware that after certain events happen, in each level, the entire level may have new addions added to it, so explore yet again!I love games like this.   i seek out ""walking simulators""!freestone"
,Recommended,297350,26686502,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Daybreak,"The Old City: Leviathan is  an exploration game in the vein of Dear Esther, albeit with more intellectual depth and more text within a loosely Continental philosophical framework.The game takes place in an unidentified broken Western city, where among things the water supply has been contaminated. The surrounding civilisation have collapsed. We play a more or less insane sewer dwelling isolationist and get quite a bit of insight into one other isolationist - Solomon through finding his journal entries. Besides the surrounding environment.The game invites us to piece together an ambiguous and murky story as the plot unfolds."
76561197968228198,Recommended,297350,32056072,Posted: 29 May,all,Gabootcha Kaigwill Von Hoobachev,"Excellent environment and engrossing story. Definitely not a game for everyone, but I enjoyed it. The game delivers its narrative exceedingly well, given the lack of actual characters with which to intereact in real time. Solomon's notes can be a little long to read, but not worse than the volumes of lore you'd find in games like Skyrim. I'd consider it a feat that the devs managed to make a game where it made some sense that there are people wandering around a post-calamity sort of place while discussing philosophy. I can mostly empathize with the narrator's concluding thoughts. The philosophical ideas are pretty straight forward. Doesn't delve too deeply into jargon, and sticks with issues that many people have, no doubt, grappled with at least a little during their lives (I hope). I can best describe this as an existential crisis in game form. Can't say I think about the metaphysical much these days. Though the game's heavy on ideas, the reoccurring characters were appropriately developed. I can't help but feel bad for Solomon and Belle.According to the website, this is intended to be the first of a series of games. I hope that the devs successfully continue the series, and we can eventually explore the Old City!"
,Recommended,297350,22303212,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Bodomi,"A very atmospheric walking simulator, very beautiful philosophical game with a weird story/plot and a great aesthetic.Story is pretty weird, I liked it but not everyone will like it, mainly because of the fact you're going to have to read a lot if you want to actually follow and get invested in the plot of the game, and I highly recommend that you invest yourself in the story, so if you don't like reading I'd recommend you stay away unless you'd just like to explore a nice world.Some people on here complain about the narrator, that he uses ""overly complicated words"" to sound smart, the he is cringeworthy etc...I don't find this to be true at all. If you think the words the narrator uses is to complicated and if you think the narrator misuses the words then yea, it's not the games fault, I think it's you specifically that the words are to complicated for, I think it's YOU that don't understand them. Because he doesn't misuse any words, and words are certainly not hard to understand if you understand basic English.The narrator in the game was very nice to listen to and only helped with the already weird philosophical story, plot and setting of the game.I will not spoil anything but the atmosphere in the game and the story take many weird, or more correctly dark and gory turns. Find out for yourself but I liked it.The game itself, the graphics are very beautiful to look at, which is almost always the case with the Unreal Engine. The music is amazing, and the game isexactlywhat you're told it is, it's an exploration walking simulator with little to no actually content/gameplay, this game is obviously marketed to already-fans of walking simulators, so don't buy this if you don't know what you're getting into.If you don't like reading I don't recommend it either, there is a lot of reading as I said if you want to follow the plot, which I recommend that you do. But you don't have to read, if you just want to explore in a very beautiful game while listening to a nice voice actor then there's nothing wrong with that.The game is a philosophical art piece, so if you enjoy philosophy then get in, and if you enjoy art in the form of games.I enjoyed it very much due to that, it got me thinking. I very often say that Walking Simulators aren't always bad due to the lack of content, they can be great in the way of how they can make you think about things you never thought about.I don't care if you refuse to call walking simulators games, I don't care if you'd like to call them a ""First Person Art Piece Exhibit"" or whatever you want to call it, it's a nice game for what it's quite obviously marketed as.A must buy for any walking simulator fan, for any person who loves philosophy, and for any person who loves art in the form of games, and I recommend it as a new experience to anyone who haven't played a game like this before.A must buy in my opinion."
76561198010178207,Recommended,297350,13609577,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Sparkydjm1,"First of all, I should be clear that this is NOT a game for everyone. If you like action packed games or clear, strutctured linear stories (because those are fun too, right?), then you might want to think about buying this game.If you have a pretty open mind, like narrative driven stories that make you really think and you enjoy immersing yourself in an environment, then this is a great game for you! The Old City: Leviathan is a narrative-driven game which some have deemed a 'walking simulator' which I feel is rather unfair. It's a unique game, to be sure.The Old City Leviathan is, first off, a beautifully crafted game. Very few games, even AAA titles today, can really pull off the amazing sense of atomsphere and environment. As you, the player, walk around this world of the Old City, it carries a strange air of eerie beauty. Even the sewers you find yourself in have a charm to them, having been turned into tempoary abodes by the sparse population. Perhaps its beauty lies in the sense of decay and the lonliness of the character as he explores an empty shell.Now and then, you alternate from 'reality' to dream although it's difficult to tell sometimes. You may find, as I have, that re-visiting areas yield changes, some marginal, some noticeable.There are no puzzles, no traps and no enemies in this world and this is very deliberate. Your role is not to fight, but to explore, to immerse yourself in this strange and exotic world.The in-game story is a little vague at times, partly due to the mode of storytelling which is told through monologues and pages. As you explore and read the notes left for you, things become a little clearer. The monologues and many of the notes are generally philsophical in many ways although you do receive some backstory into the main characters.The theories esposued are not altogether clear or easy to understand, but as I mentioned above (and as the developer explainned) this isn't a game for everyone. The theories are interesting though and as you learn more, you might form your own theories. The main one, or rather, the one I latched onto, was seeing the game in a biblical sense but there are probably many theories in this game.This is a game that is very different from many other games. I might go so far as to call it a 'therapy game' because I found exploring the Old City and the dream worlds quite relaxing. It is a beautiful, detailed and thought-provoking story-driven game and I hope big game developers are taking notes on this.I am certainly looking forward to more from this developer. Keep up the good work."
,Recommended,297350,24001440,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,adrianmarshall167,"I want to sing the praises of this game deeply, because on so many levels it is amazing; the visuals are awe inspiring, and for a UDK game better than some Unreal Engine 4 titles, and the premise is interesting. I love the ominous feeling you get walking around, and the way the environment evolves reminds me of Layers of Fear a little, which was a strong title as well.But as much as I recommend trying this game, I also have a problem with one thing in particular: the delivery. I love to read, and I love writing for games as a means of expression. However, one thing that slightly bothers me about this particular instance is the fact that the game is somewhat built on the impression that the story should purely unveil itself throught text with complex wordplay and alliterations, hyperbole and allusions used correctly, but oftentimes unnecessarily. I exited the game when I ran into this instance while reading a note from a character in the game called Solomon (which counteracts Jonah, another character in the game, and obviously denotes some sort of biblical reference), where he actually asks the player, ""Why should you be reading this?"" and in my mind I began to realize how large the amount of text was that I was in the middle of, and that broke my immersion in a heavy handed way.In the beginning you find notes with dates pinned up on the walls all over the place, and in those digestible bits, you can understand the gist of what is going on; the only problem is there are a lot of notes, and sometimes even notes within notes, which are a little bit much for even an enthusiastic reader and writer. All this information is given to you under the pretense that it is ""optional,"" but reading a little about the game and feedback from other people stating otherwise, I feel this information is necessary to truly get a sense of what kind of world this is, and to understand the philosophy that the developers are getting at within the context of the story.My hope is that with the next entry they spend more time conveying this story in some sort of *visual* way, rather than a *textual* way. If I were reading an interactive fiction, this would have been somewhat interesting, but it would have lost my attention thanks to the lofty wording. As much as it strives to sound intelligent, often comes across as somewhat pretentiously overthought, like they wrote it in a more basic manner and then converted it with an online thesaurus.All of this to say from only 33 minutes of play. I'm a poet, don'tcha know it?"
76561198045444719,Recommended,297350,32463449,Posted: 15 June,all,ZedDreppelin,"This one of the most unique games I have played in a long time.  Kudos to the developers for putting the time and creativity into making such an incredible and satisfying experience.  I anxiously await for the next installment, if any is in the works.  A must have for any gamer's library."
,Recommended,297350,24316058,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Desert Ranger,"A truly amazing game with a thick atmosphere, stunning art direction and a deep and rich story that explores the depths of human consciousness and questions reality.If you don't mind reading many pages of a truly magnificent story amongst your exploring this is the game for you.It is about 4-5 hours long and it is just enough to achieve its goal.If the small amount of playtime concerns you put it on your wishlist and buy the second it goes on sale."
,Not Recommended,297350,28930174,Posted: 1 January,all,dyannenova,"This is a short game that suffered from a lack of interesting plot or interactivity. I normally enjoy games that are jokingly referred to as walking simulators, but this one doesn't require any engagement at all.If you enjoy disturbing games with routine rambling narration you might enjoy this game more than I could."
,Recommended,297350,28204689,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,AzoreanEve,"The Old City: Leviathan is, more than everything, a niche game.It's basically an atmospheric walking simulator. You drink in the dialogue, the sounds, the things you see and read. But there's barely anything that you can do to cause change in this game. You're more of a passive observer than anything. That's not bad, for certain types of people; but for many it will be.I personally took joy in piecing together the story of this world. The stories of Jonah and of Solomon.However there is the issue that both these characters, the ones that are present the most in the story, speak in such a way that it becomes incomprehensible (not only the meaning of their words, but the points they are trying to make). I can't tell if I didn't really get their philosophy because of a failure in comprehending it due to the speech used or for some other reason. And while yes I do recommend to search the references they make to names of mythology and religion if you don't get them at first; I'm not going to pause in the middle of Jonah's ramblings to grab a dictionary. This is not something that you can really do in a conversation and while I understand that it is somewhat fitting of the character, I also believe that this aspect of his speech goes a bit too far.On Solomon I do not mind it half as much because he's writing it to a reader that is indeed meant to hold his dictionary and use it to ""learn about the old world"".But other than this I enjoyed the game a lot, and some of its concepts will stick to me for sure. The environments were great, the ambience given by both sfx and music was unsettling in a lot of parts, putting me on edge even when knowing I should be safe.... Until Jonah started talking loud and clear and pretty much jumpscared me. I'm not joking, this happened a handful of times when inside the deepest parts of Leviathan's belly.Optimisation-wise... I didn't really had noticeable framerate issues most of the time. The last chapter's particle effects were a killer tho. A framerate killer. Also some textures and parts of the geometry seem to load on the corner of the eye throughout the whole game and motion blur was unable to hide it.Movement was slow. Very. I know Jonah it taking a stroll here but please, if the man can sprint, let him do so at a decent speed, especially when you may want to backtrack a lot in a chapter. The jump is a laughable one, and imo mostly to use in case you get stuck in a weird corner of geometry.Also why in the world is Jonah, who was eaten by a large fish in the story, and in this game also talks to an imaginary large fish (Leviathan), going into the mouth of a whale WITH MOLARS FOR FRONT TEETH. Just the whole scene was surreal enough, this just made it ridiculous.Long story short: if just wanting to see and explore the areas you see in the store page pictures is exciting for you and you like listening to weird ideas, then this game is probably a good idea for you. It's not even expensive, and given all the visual and auditory detail it has, it's well worth the money despite its shortness."
,Not Recommended,297350,26007352,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,THE KRAKEN,"The Old City: Leviathan is a surreal, walking simulator from PostMod Softworks. Let’s get rocking.The GoodEasily the best thing about TOC:L is the soundtrack. The soundtrack for this game is done by Atrium Carceri (a Swedish musical project by the talented Simon Heath). If you’re not familiar with his work, you should make yourself familiar with it. It’s hard to find better dark ambient music than Atrium Carceri. That being said, the soundtrack for TOC:L is easily on par with his other work.This game looks beautiful. The city is intriguing. There’s nothing really lacking in the graphics department here.The BadFor whatever reason, the monologue that you are forced to hear as you wander through the city is not good. I, personally, felt that it sounded pretentious; plenty of useless, big words were thrown in to make the story feel smarter than it actually is. Whoever did the writing, did this game a real disservice.The MehAs I stated above, the monologue is, at best, the ramblings of a middle school student trying to get a C+ on an essay for English class. If the devs had chosen to only tell the story through written and/or visual clues, that would have been so much better.Verdict: NayIf you can get this one for dirt cheap, or free, yeah, it’s probably worth a playthrough. Honestly, though, your money would be better spent by just buying the OST."
,Recommended,297350,13228020,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Dolmo,This has to be my game of 2014! I felt immersed in the game and at the same time I had no idea what was going on. This game will make you think about your life and reality. Go buy it today and you will not regret it.
,Not Recommended,297350,13223409,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,strask,"Good: Very pretty game. Engaging, if you are into this genre.Bad: You can't save when you want to. I played for 35 minutes then got interrupted and had to quit; lost all progress. Maybe the game saves at checkpoints but I must not have reached one yet. No way to manually save the game. Waste of my money until/unless they add saves at arbitrary time/location.Response from dev (see comments): ""I understand the frustration if you're stopping in the middle of a chapter, but there are currently no plans to implement a literal save image or stavestate"""
,Recommended,297350,13622247,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,tenex,"This game is fantastic. I spent a lot of time wandering through its beautiful world full of various fragments of events and information. The soundtrack and effect sounds are perfect, they build fascinating atmosphere. The surroundings change as your knowledge deepens. However there's a challenging amount of reading of non-trivial English. That is what I liked about the game surprisingly much, beside the sceneries. The overall philosophic message of the game is an unexpected bonus which demands to think about it in much greater frame than in puzzle games."
,Recommended,297350,13574293,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Wrds,"You're not going to have fun per se. There is quite a bit to appreciate in the exploratory narrative however. The visuals are a marvel to behold, and the sound design and music are fantastic. Seriously, this game has a choke hold on atmosphere.It's probably the best example (that I've played so far) of what this subgenre of adventure games can be. Unlike say Dear Ester, a lot of the details throughout the world actually matter, it's not just esoteric ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t crammed in for the perception of depth.  Likewise the level structure ensures that you're not getting too much out of order, making it considerably easier to piece it all together in your mind.So if you've tried similar first person graphic adventures in the past and thought you might enjoy them were they better fleshed out, give this a try.And one last note, in order to get a deeper understanding of the world, be prepared to read, a lot."
,Recommended,297350,17332424,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,zachol,"Fantastic little walking simulator. If you enjoyed Dear Esther but want even more breathtaking scenery and confusing mind♥♥♥♥ery, this is the game for you. The odd sensation of branching paths while still feeling like there's no wrong way to explore was extremely well done. Pay attention, look at things closely, and linger."
,Recommended,297350,24148829,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,𝓐𝔁𝓲𝓲,"TL;DR at BottomIf you enjoyed this review,consider giving it a thumbs up!7/10Purchase on a sale""To hate a rat for being a ratis to make oneself a rat all the same""-Jonahhttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=719244181The Old City: Leviathan is a first-person adventure game with a pseudo-philosophical twist developed and published by PostMod Softworks. You explore through a decaying old city with a very ominous vibe to it and at times you also venture into what seem to be dreams that you explore. Throughout the game you will not encounter any enemies nor puzzles so The Old City really focuses on story and having to explore to piece the story together yourself rather than have it told to you. This sounds like a system that would work well with walking simulator type games and it does, for the most part, but since there isn't really that much of conrete story in the game it leaves a lot of it up to subjective discussion. Therefore this somewhat hurts the game as a whole since everyone seems to have their own interpretation and I really would have liked to have at least a forum post by the devs telling us some concrete points in the story.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=719242910Throughout your time in Th Old City: Leviathan you visit various environments and each one feels more interesting and different than the last while also maintaining a similar vibe with the game as a whole. The environments you pass through look absolutely stunning and really just pile on to the whole ominous overtone that the game seems to have. The environments usually have maybe one or two side doors with small areas you can explore but for the most part this is definitely not an exploration game. You can look around to find notes about the world and to help piece together the story and can also find small boxes called Solomon's notes that tell the story of a man named Solomon on his journey in the Old City. The problem with having a story that the player has to piece together themselves is that this means there are pages of notes that make the story easier to understand that the player can simply miss out on because they didn't explore a single side room. When you go to leave an area there's no forewarning and the doors you use to go to the next chapter look exactly like normal doors. This means sometimes you can be exploring the area and if you open the wrong door then you end up heading onwards to the next chapter instead of finding a side area. This gets really annoying towards the end of the game and almost discourages exploring since it feels more like walking through a minefield instead of hunting for extra bits of story.""Good intentions are moot under the leadership of a ludicrously stupid idea.""-Johahhttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=719242427I can't really talk much about the story itself since everything is connected so I couldn't discuss one object without having to talk about a certain character and so on. There's also the problem that while playing you may not completely understand the story since the game gives you just enough to really get you interested before it ends. While playing through The Old City I found there were a few interesting bible references that seemed to be woven into the story and instead of just being references they actually seemed to connect the stories told in the bible to the game itself, which I found very interesting. The Old City also has very heavy philosophical overtones such as the truth needing to be compatible with itself and other such lines. The Old city: Leviathan very much feels like it's proving that games can indeed be art and in that, I would say that it's succeeded.TL;DRThe Old city: Leviathan very much feels like it's proving that games can indeed be art and in that, I would say that it's succeeded..If you found this review helpful or entertaining then feel free to leave a comment and join my Steam Curator Group atMudkips Gaming"
,Recommended,297350,20231904,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,RavenWorks,"Stunning. I hadn't realised how much it would affect the feel of an exploration game to not have your exploration constantly interrupted by puzzles or combat. This game dedicates itself fully to the experience of the environment, and feels very very different for it.If you enjoyed 'Gone Home' you'll have some idea what to expect, but this game is spread over a much larger and less familiar area than a house, so it's significantly different as well.If you enjoyed the feel of 'Myst' but were frustrated at being blocked by the puzzles, this will probably be much more pleasant.It deals with very emotionally heavy themes, and there is some gore/horror imagery, but nothing too excessive (especially by the standards of the average video game). I'm fairly squeamish about these things and I wasn't too bothered.It's a few hours long, which felt just right to me.Looking forward to more from this team."
,Recommended,297350,20175238,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Player Review,"The Old City: Leviathan is an example of why video games are my favorite storytelling medium. I can get a great story and have the immersion of being central to the whole experience.Due to the labrynthian nature of the level design, this game does linearity while avoiding the 'on rails' feeling. The narration and writing were top notch and the philosophy aids the plot well.If you've not already done so and you're into the genre, take the leap and buy this game."
76561197997576950,Recommended,297350,13297077,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,sherbuy,"The Old City: Leviathon is now one of my favorite games. I took my time to let it soak in to my mind. For me that meant 8 hours of enjoyment delving into this experience. I played approx. 2 hours per day, but was thinking about it constantly for 4 days. The creative team put so much thought and work into this piece of art. It is expressive on so many levels. I rate it at a minimum of 9/10. even a 9.5/10. Graphics are great. The game performs perfectly. the soundtrack is great, the narration is professional. I am hoping that the developer does more work of this calibur. I recommend this game to mature people, not youngsters that want to run and gun, and claim they ""beat the game in 1.5 hours"". You get out of Old City what you put into it, including looking up a few words if necessary."
,Recommended,297350,13454764,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,‹Starworshippзr›,"I thoroughly enjoyed this game, even though it was quite short. The scenery is gorgeous looking and I loved just exploring every possible door and route I could, even if it meant back tracing my steps.The only 'scary' bit would be the environments and sounds, and even those are really 'scary' just more like.. eerie."
,Recommended,297350,31074484,Posted: 11 April,all,[FM-84♫] Düsterzentrum Kötzwusky,"""You are about to inhabit a broken mind. Not everything you hear or see is trustworthy.""From the opening to the end, this game is drop-dead beautiful, well worth the very modest price. It is a pure walking simulator with narration, no puzzles, just walking and narration, relevant to your current location or some event that happens. The visuals are absolutely stunning, very fitting and with lots of detail in the background, making this game an absolute amazing time to take screenshots in certain locations.For 2-3 hours, you can exist in a completely different world in a way no AAA title can ever hope to convey, alone, in a dead, decaying world, with nothing but your and your broken, half-rambling thoughts to keep you company. There are so many questions I want to ask about the past and present of the setting, and of the character too. The game answers very little of them, but that somehow seems... fitting. You're a broken man, in a broken world, possibly the last one alive. Your past, present and future don't matter much, all that's left is just to recount what was important to you, be reminded of this and that for the last time, and maybe take a leap of faith. Maybe you'll go to some magical place... or maybe the madness will finally stop."
,Not Recommended,297350,24379374,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,geckocollection,"The Dead Pretty: LethargianTL;DR Read Sophie's World instead.First, the praise:The game environment is gorgeous. From the textures to the level design, each frame is a work of art. The subtle environment changes help inspire the tense atmosphere that underpins the entire game. This is a project of passion, and I would really recommend exploring the world thoroughly to make as much sense of the story as possible.That's where the praise stops.Sadly, the game has the philosophical subtlety of a sledgehammer. Perhaps Maslow was onto something. If it's not the overbearing symbolism, it's the infernal kettle logic scattered in notes throughout the world. For a game that explores existential issues, this proof by verbosity reeks of pseudophilosophical rambling. The underlying message is neither new nor profound, and it's presented in such a shoddy and pompous manner it feels like you've wandered into a student bar on a Sunday evening.But maybe that's the point.Perhaps there was a deeper satirism that flew completely over my head. Perhaps the game really is nothing more than vacuous truth. Perhaps, like the game's bitter Solomon, I'm psychoanalysing my own failure to psychoanalyse. Must be the water.It's clear that the developer has put a lot of effort into researching and making the game. However, this has produced a game whose core message may be inaccessible to someone with no experience in philosophy. The developer acknowledges this, and I respect that. It takes guts to produce a game that doesn't hold players' hands.Ultimately, this game explores some very deep existential issues. Unfortunately, it seldom strays past the populist trite you'd find in a teenager's bedroom.Read Jostein Gaarder instead."
76561198172781437,Not Recommended,297350,31779440,Posted: 15 May,all,Djent,"A bit of a mess in terms of dialogue. The narrator talks a lot, but not much is said.The dialogue is so nonsensical that it makes the task of walking through various environments quite boring and unfulfilling, which isn't the experience I've had with other walking simulators.This game does have a specific target audience, however I don't know that most players will fit into that audience, as the concepts in the game quickly become unclear due to the ramble of the narrator. Some of it felt very forced and by the end of it the narrator starts repeating a single word 10-20 times per section of dialogue which is just annoying.The environments do look good, although they can sometimes be a bit repetitive. Personally the enjoyment wasn't there for me due to focusing on the dialogue.Be aware before purchasing that the narrative is quite incoherent, however you may find you enjoy it as it's completely up to the individual. If you think you may enjoy it based on your interests then go for it, as it may appeal to someone more knowledgeable about philosophy, if not then maybe pass."
,Recommended,297350,13619427,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,SolarDagger,"Absolutly beautiful game. Focuses on Story, but adds other things to it. The voice acting was magnificant and the music was amazing. The game is pretty much just your characeter and the world. Probably the best abstract game ever created. The game is short but I want to play it for the next few weeks. Definitley a MUST buy..."
76561197976782461,Recommended,297350,16372904,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Communist Hamster,"A fine game for fans of the new walking simulator genre. Looks as good in motion as in screenshots, honestly, really nice environment art, besides some slightly noticable texture streaming issues.The writing and delivery verge into pretentious territory but they grow on you a bit. Nihilism/suicide and some postructuralist guff about truth.I would replay this with a VR headset, I think, if support is added. I think I will remember this game fondly even if I don't replay it. There's something that sticks with me (not necessarily the content, just the execution)."
,Recommended,297350,13828173,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Tonguc,"If adorably fantastic graphics, musics and atmosphere is what you are looking for, the game is way to go."
,Recommended,297350,16647266,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,DINNYFORST,"The Old City: Leviathan is strong and charming environmental storytelling game.The game itself delivers a great story set between post and pre-event of The Old City with strong narrative. The concept is about exploration, the more you explore area, the more you gain the information behind city ruins. But the game remains silent as you've to proceed through the later chapters for your actual goal.The level designs are absolutely stunning with minor details and it gives strong feeling of world existence. The change of old city, people mindset, principles, and atmosphere, these elements do very effective job to communicate to the player.However, The Old City lacks physical interaction to encourage player in term of physical exploration and subtitle issue is a main obstacle view.The Old City is another great game which offers tasteful storytelling experience. It has strong set up and atmospheric backdrops even it raises you more questions than the answers at the end. The Old City is still encourage you to back and find out based on your idea."
,Recommended,297350,22495177,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Drakhanas,"I've only cleared the first two chapters so far, but I can tell you this. If the game continues as it has been, I may need anxiety medication.The choice of music and the underground echos, coupled with the strange and disjointed messages you can find leave you unsettled and anxious, waiting for a terror that as of yet hasn't popped its head out. The monologue and fever dream of the protagonist do nothing to settle your nerves as you delve into Leviathan.Whether the city is actually alive and has a will of its own, or the main character is merely acting out a delusion is as of yet unclear."
76561198042145848,Recommended,297350,24069829,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,HEAVY METAL ZOMBIE,"Amazing game . The narration is a bit , well , confusing , but made my mind run wild . Graphics are amazing . I love the Unreal Engine . For the price in the Summer Picnic Sale , it is a steal . I would have paid full price if i knew the game even existed . Excellent job Devs ."
,Recommended,297350,22469818,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Cielo,"I should preface this by saying I have NOT completed the game yet. So far, however, I'm hooked on the storyline. It's hard to give a comprehensive review without giving spoilers, so I'll take a Lovecraft approach and say it's impossible to describe.What you should know is that this game is primarily a walking journey with narrative. There are some unlockable notes that you can find throughout the game, so that gives it a little bit of challenge; the word 'challenge' here is used lightly, however, as more in-depth exploration of each chapter will ultimately lead you to each note.  While exploring you learn about the main character as well as your own role in said character's story.Positives so far:1) The plot is intriguing. It has enough depth that makes you want to keep walking around and discover the details of each chapter's story.2) The narratives are voiced by a gentleman that is pleasant on the ears. This is especially good since some of the monologues are a bit lengthy.3) The scenery is nicely imagined and you will encounter some things that will make you wonder if you took a hit of acid or ate some shrooms before you started playing.Critique so far:1) If you turn on subtitles the lengthier monologues are lumped into one paragraph, taking up about the bottom fourth to third of your screen. The developer should have broken it down into two smaller chunks so as not to detract from the scenery while you continue to walk.2) It's a little wonky to interact with some of the doors. If you're not standing at just the right spot, it may take some maneuvering to get them to close.3) I wish the run function was just a wee bit faster.4) It is possible that you may go through a door or other passage and accidentally finish a chapter before you fully explored it. A bit of a bummer with continuity, but it's the chance you take with a not completely linear game. Fortunately the game offers chapter select and you can go back to explore things you might have missed.Overall this is still a great game and you will think so too if you enjoy a casually-paced mystery that keeps you guessing."
,Recommended,297350,25969920,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Occulto,Could'nt stop playing until I reached the end. Great atmosphere and mystery! And I love the OST :)
,Recommended,297350,14380831,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,senhal,"Fascinating, often perplexing, and sometimes tediousRecommended with reservations.At bottom, this game delivers what fans of the genre would desire: a mysterious (and beautifully realized) world to explore. If a passive traversal of a foreign world, steeped in an obscure mythology, appeals to you, then by all means have at it (the game plays in 2-3 hours).  The atmosphere is rich and often chilling, and you're left to piece together the story as you progress.That said, I found the sheer density of the game's philosophical musings to be indulgent and off-putting. Some of the earliest written notes are so rambling that they ask much of the gamer's patience. And while the protagonist's monologues are intriguing, they're so laden with half-baked philosophy that I frequently halted my exploration just to make sense of what he was saying. The written language is likewise burdened with unwieldy phrases like ""he experienced didactic emptiness."" This all seems deliberate, as the language agrees with the characterization. You just have to decide whether you want to explore both a mysterious worldandphilosophical notions of idealism/realism. It often seems the game is more interested in the latter (which unfortunately isn't its greatest strength).All that said, the game is still intriguing and atmospheric, and there's enough here to enjoy (and struggle with) to make the effort worthwhile for the right audience."
,Recommended,297350,13886236,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Nobody,"Just finished the game after finding quite a lot of the things in it. It's gorgeous, and the music is amazing. The voice acting is wonderful, and the atmosphere is pretty spectacular. My only problem is that I had almost no idea what was going on at all. I found/read all the notes you can get, spent ages looking at details, finding more voiced, and writted, dialogue, but man. This went want to deep for me? I have no idea. I was baffled, and then it was over. It ended way too quick, and I had no idea what was going on. I would recommend this game, but not for the story since I have no idea what the story was. Everything else is worth it. This journey was amazing (but I'd still like to know what was going on)."
,Recommended,297350,13293604,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,badbena,"I wasn't sure what to expect with this game, a showcase for pretty graphics, a low budget horror slideshow, etc. What surprised me, besides truly gorgeous graphics, artwork, design, was an immersive story, rooted deep in philosophy and psychologhy, with a compelling stroy from madness to the light of sanity. While perhaps my own world view differs from the narrator, There are moments of empathy and enlightenment. Few games harmonize gameplay with story, rather deep thought and principle like this.  Interactive philosophy is the best way I can describe it. This really is a life-changing ""game"" And again, while my personal views and experience differ, this game will keep you up at night, and into the morning, in deep contemplation. Astounding effort. Good job!"
76561197999216139,Recommended,297350,29108817,Posted: 7 January,all,AKMan,"A game that, like others in this new 'Walking Simulator' genre, explores how far one can go with the extremely simple mechanics of walking and looking. This one goes further than most - your movement is intentionally very slow, and is slowed further by a smattering of large chunks of text that are crucial to filling in the details of the story. To top it all off, the game refuses to convey a straighforward story. Instead it contains a mix of exploring a post apocalyptic reality with several concrete main characters as well as a very metaphorical and philosophical layer of meaning that is harder to interpret (but becomes rather clear by the end).A great many people can no doubt already know from the above description that this game is not for them, but I am not one of those people. I liked the slow speed, the glacial unraveling of the story, and even its philosophical explorations. My main criticism would have to be that even if I appreciated the story and the philosophical ranting, by the end it all feels quite verbose. I am not sure if having this many layers, this much interacting stuff to unravel, actually make for a more compelling experience or just a more complicated one. But, I do know I enjoyed my first play through and understood what I would guess are the main details to be uncovered. So, be warned that this game is what it is, and if you think you may like that I definitely recommend playing through it."
76561197974105367,Not Recommended,297350,16347250,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,METAL,"i like dear ester but this game was rather a let down. it certainly looks nice and it is relaxing, but i found it very boring and the story was hard to follow with the poetic narration. i have finished it in an hour and i have tried to like it and to understand it but in the end i didnt bother reading any of the notes later in the game or listening to the narrator.also walking is so damn slow. even when pressing shift, you hardly move any faster. i dont mind a slow passed game but this was just too slow that makes experience 112 look like a rocket."
,Not Recommended,297350,15445404,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,jimmyhazard,"Perhaps after I finish I'll come back and write more... But at this point, man is that dialogue tedious and pretentious. It's just, oh man... I have no more words because they used them all already in the hour or so I've played.The game opens telling you that you're in the mind of someone insane and to not trust anything. Soooo... If the game is all about story and engagement etc. etc. how am I supposed to care about anything when I'm literally told not to?Actual line in the game - ""the lack of dreams was itself a dream."" Seriously... I think a 12 year old who just watched the Crow and The Matrix back to back wrote this game.But it's REALLY pretty (very ""painterly"" type textures) and it's ""fun"" to walk around and check stuff out in the way that you can't actually interact with anything just look at it. Oh, and that rambling writing I mentioned? It's delivered really well."
,Not Recommended,297350,16432594,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Madbat,"While I don't mind walking simulators, story driven and story or philosophy centered games, this one was a good attempt that falls short. I almost enjoyed it but for the ball tripping wierdness it devolved into. I get that it was trying to be 'deep' but it comes across as a game trying to be deep instead of a game that IS deep. Dear Esther this isn't. Philosophicaly, it winds on and on and on untill it becomes self centered nonsense. Dump the pseudo-intellectualism and develop the story you have going on here, and you'll have something. The parts dealing with the factionalism and the price paid was interesting. THAT should have been the focus. It's the attempt at philosophy that made this a fail.Also...you never actually get to see this 'Old City'. Bummer."
76561198114455061,Not Recommended,297350,21148594,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Myrmuz [IRL],"Looks pretty, but a boring walking simulator that's really short. Writing is pretentious gibberish. Game has collectible wall of text essays which you won't read. Walking speed is way too slow. Player character gets stuck on the slightest bump in the ground.2/10"
,Not Recommended,297350,33203439,Posted: 3 July,all,Ravnicar,"I want to get one thing out of the way first.   This is a beautiful looking game, and it is clear that a lot of work went into polishing the environments and building a stunning world to play in.  Unfortunately, that may be part of its downfall.  As I played through this game, I could not help but get the feeling that the developers wanted to make sure that I knew they put a lot of work into making their game look good.  The first thing that made me think this was that your movement speed seemed very slow, and navigating some of the bigger areas started to become a chore.  This may seem like a small complaint, but as there is no substantial gameplay, walking is front and center.  I know that there are many other games that fit this formula, to the point that there is beginning to be a whole genre of these ‘walking simulators’ but many of those either allow you to move everything along at your own pace by having the story be entirely in context clues, or give you something to keep yourself occupied while the story unfolds.This is where The Old City seems to fall the hardest.  There is nearly no interaction at all, and none of the story was there to find.  You simply walk through the environments and listen to the narrator piece the story together as you go.  The walking seems to be so slow as to keep you from triggering the next dialog before the current one is complete.  This makes every area seem like a long trudge to get to the next, and while the environments are beautiful to look at, they start to feel boring after you have been walking through it for so long.  The worst part is when it is all said and done, this can hurt the story’s delivery.  I have no doubt that the developers have crafted a wonderful and interesting story for this game, but sadly in my case, I don’t remember any of it.  I have played through the entire game, and cannot recall any of the story. All I can remember is how the slow and frankly boring pace made me want the game to be over, and when it finally was, I did not want to play it again.This game has a lot of potential and it is clear that the developers put a lot of care into the environments and story, but it is pacing and lack of player engagement leave the overall experience boring and forgettable.   This is only more apparent when other similar games such as Gone Home, Only If, and Layers of Fear have shown that even with virtually no interactivity a game can still be engaging and well-paced to deliver a good story."
,Recommended,297350,13559811,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,MostStrange,Thoughtful and engaging - check out our review onThe Action Points Podcast!
,Recommended,297350,16321911,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,BALLIN' OFF GOVERNMENT CHECKS,"The only walking simulator I've played that wasn't boring as♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's about 3 hours long and managed to keep my interest nearly the entire time. Ususally when I play games like this, even if there are puzzles or platforming, I start feeling nuasiated after about an hour in. But not with this game.The graphics, story, and audio were all great. The only thing I wish was different1) The environments were slightly more dynamic. For example, instead of just playing a voice track, it would have been awesome if some person/creature actually spoke to you during a dream.2) Faster walking speed. Even with the run button held down, it was slow.Having said all that, 8.5/10. Happy with my purchase."
,Recommended,297350,19993278,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Myra Hotchkiss,"It felt like reading a book about philosophy and existentialism(???). No actual gameplay, so definitely not for everybody. You wander around taking in the haunting atmosphere and stunning graphics. It left me pondering."
76561197995573331,Recommended,297350,13254801,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Han Anlan,"This is the most awesome, poetic, artistic, deep and beautiful videogame I ever played. As vague and as impressive and obsessive as a dream, if you do have an artistic sensibility, a very open mind and, specially, a curiosity-driven soul, don't miss the incredible trip of exploration, a joy for your senses and your mind. It's so inspiring. This game is a true chef d'oeuvre, interactive art at its purest and its best. It proves videogames are already the next language, the eight art itself. If you like to talk and think about dreams, you may like this game at much as me. I'm sure I will keep this impression for a lifetime. This is art, and it is a game, and so awesome if you have felt curious about what I just said. I deeply recomend it to try it with a very open mind and your deepest sense of curiosity. If you like all that, don't miss it. I have just finished it and feel it's one of the most impressive works of art I ever knew of. Really awesome."
76561197966573552,Recommended,297350,13255555,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Spock RC,"Ditigtal poetry.  That's the best way to describe this new genere.  You'll spend the majority of your time digging into the dream like story, split evenly between written notes and spoken dialoge.  The rest is used to examine the world(s) that you're navigating, which are very serene and immersive.  The story does have consistancy, which help anrchor these otherwise random locations into a cohesive experience.  Allthough it is very abstract.This is a game that would do well to use Oculus Rift, to fully transport you into this dream.Worth the money, more so than The Stanley Parable in my opinion."
,Recommended,297350,25362855,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,The-Lost-Demon,"The mythology and the symbolism is strong with this one.This game is going to make you look differently to what you think knowledge is and what knowledge was in the older civilizations.Some people might find this game boring because, after all, it's a walking simulator but i love this kind of games especially when you can actually learn and form new opinions on real life points.10/10 - Masterful narrative."
,Recommended,297350,25029546,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,MasterTom[NL],"It's a beautifully atmospheric first person adventure. The scenery, vistas... just the visuals in general are very nice. The sounds and the story... make it an excellent game."
,Recommended,297350,21191510,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Dungasaur,"The Old City: Leviathan is a first person exploration game. You control an unknown, very talkative, character and explore the outskirts of ""The Old City"", with your intention to find your way into it's walls.Do not start this game and expect to be told a story about the downfall of a city and the struggle for survival. While the narrative in the game does have some elements of that, the creators are much more interested in exploring the philosophical viewpoints of the people that allowed it to happen and of those that are still around.Understanding the story of this game is challenging, but ultimately rewarding. I still don't know what exactly happened to the City, but upon finishing the game I know why it happened and and fully satisfyied with the answer the game presented.If you liked The Witness or the Book of Metro 2033, you should know what to expect here. It's an atmospheric take on the philosophies of people and what happens when their different viewpoints are allowed to bounce off each other. If that doesn't sound like your cup of tea, it probably isn't. But it does sound like mine."
,Recommended,297350,26314152,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Voodoo Dragon,"The game nails the atmosphere with beautiful visuals, good sound design and a nice soundtrack. Being lost in this surreal, post-apocalyptic world is an experience in itself and worth the journey just as that. Basically, enjoy the view, and make sure you explore every corner and staircase.Considering that I am quite uneducated when it comes to modern philosophy, I don't think I grasped the whole story. While some references were familiar, I am sure that the full perspective is better obtained by someone more well-versed in this topic. However, here is something that's quite clever I think: While it is very clear that the game, especially the narration and notes, is trying to discuss various philosophical subjects, there is also the ""simpler"", more direct question of whatactuallyhappened in this world. Although reality is distorted and surreal, it allows simpletons like me to just enjoy the post-apocalyptic story that unfolds throughout the game. This, to me, is what made the game worthwhile, and I actually really enjoyed this immensely."
76561198124828411,Recommended,297350,13864930,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,BloodyKharma,"First things first, if you came here looking for a FPS or some sort of horror game then this isn't' the game for you, this game immerses you into a mysterious world full of breath taking environments where your own exploration is the only thing that pushes the story forward. Its totally up to you to look at the world around you, and come to a conclusion of what you think is going on and what events led up to the point the world is now. Their are letters scattered throughout the world that you can take the time to read, and the character you play often talks to himself at times commenting on the things he sees around him, and with the information you glean YOU have to come to your own deduction of the nature of the world you are in. The only gripe I have about the game is the ending, it does seem a bit sudden and left me hungering for much more then what was given. Besides that I'd HIGHLY reccommend this game if you want to lose yourself in a knew world for a couple of hours, put on some headphones and you'll see what I mean! :D"
76561198050514466,Recommended,297350,16459410,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Mint,F12 simulator
76561198086458274,Recommended,297350,13268428,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,jtlenton,"A beautifully crafted Walking-Simulator/Art Game, offering a Dear Esther style game in a range of environs (remeniscent of Dishonoured, Bioshock, and, in some places, the opening levels of Portal 2), that details the exploration of the narrator (your character?) through the Old City, and its deceptively byzantine past, through which the philosophy of epistemology is explored.Graphically pretty, with several interweaved layers of plot and subplot, but I would have liked to have seen more (it took me a little over two hours to play through with a reasonable amount of exploration), buy for quality not quantity.8/10"
76561197965282243,Recommended,297350,16324786,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Hatch,"This game is sort of difficult to review.  That's because this is one of those ""you either love it or hate it"" games.  And I saygamelightly.  The Old City is more of a story than a game that has 11 chapters.  In my opinion it's more like a dream simulator.  Think of, Dear Esther and The Stanley Parable had a lovechild.  Like Dear Esther it's short and a walkthrough story.  Like The Stanley Parable because some things aren't what they appear and the character is narrated.  Some rooms seem to repeat and other times a wall is now a door way.  The Old City is both beautiful and eerie.  It used the Unreal engine and the graphics are real nice.  If you want to play something casual and short and don't want to worry about mind-bending gameplay give The Old City a try.Pros:- Great for something short and casual.- Both beautiful and eerie environments.- Feels like a post-apocalyptic dream.- Lots to explore.- Neat way of looking at Unreal Engine visuals.Cons:- Even though it's a story game the storyline isn't very solid.- Leaves you asking a lot of questions- You don't know if you're going the right direction but most of the time it doesn't seem to matter."
76561198120628514,Recommended,297350,20482879,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,exilesoutcast,"A word of caution to those who are thinking of getting this, not knowing what it is about;this is not a typical video game. there's nothing to kill, no weapons to use, no bad guys to beat, or levels to gain. this is more like story brought to visual form, told through a mental narration of an isolationalist Minotaur. it's interesting yo go through the story, and hear many aspects & philosophies, and the visuals are quite beautiful as well.to the typical gamer, this might be boring. no way about it on that. but tose who faver the story enriched, this will be pretty good. the soundtrack is composed by Simon Heath (Atrium Carceri / Sabled Sun) himself, which only makes it more worth playing. you can find his other works onYouTube.comandBandcamp.com, just look for ""Atrium Carceri"", ""Sabled Sun""(his side project name) or his record lable ""Cryo Chamber Lable"" he's worth a listen to, especially his horror themed albums.Over all, I personally like this game, because to me, it's less a game, and more an experience. it's a story being told through diary narration and visual form. it's interesting to say in least, and stunning to say in most. I would more than highly recomend.Honestly, I would like this to be adapted for mobile device tablet, for Ipad, and Kindle Fire.I would love to play this anytime out when I'm either bored, or waiting or something.I only hope someday it might be adapted."
76561198086542708,Recommended,297350,13223328,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,UnimaginativeHandle,"Apparently I finished it.Beautifully realised game world, wish I knew if I understood the message or not.Definitely need to go back & read more of the notes on the walls & tables, essentially I've never completed a game & been as confused & still want to go back.If you thought Dear Ester was too linear & wanted to get an interesting story in a potentially massively disjointed manner, then follow this series as I will."
,Not Recommended,297350,13386057,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,SaiminTS,"Leviathan tries to be philosophical and arty, but unfortunately it ends up as uninformed pseudophilosophy, tedious gameplay, and pretty but uninspired environments with lack of interesting and meaningful objects.3 basic, pseudophilosophical ideas the game centers on:contentness, satisfaction, perfection = stagnation, nothing to do, always need new goalsbelief should be open ended, you can't know for certain (agnosticism), shouldn't hold on to ideology (= anker),the world is bad and we don't know much, but we can improve step by step, but need to deconstruct everything first.i feel like the creator didn't read a lot of literature, because these ideas have been done hundreds of times before and much better. It's not even well-copied for lack of ideas.These ideas aren't bad. But they aren't brilliant, deep or new either and instead of making them sound complicated for 2 hours, one could have added to them differently.dialogue = simple ideas made to sound complex with naive complication of terms and syntaxalso, depressing setting, especially in the beginning, with no justification, needs to be good to be worth it.also, tons of game design flaws:horror athmosphere in the beginning, but nothing ever happens to you, so you ignore the scary feeling.a train that takes long to go through only to need to turn back, no reward for exploration.too many long texts scattered throughout the levels that want you to stop to read for a while. especially with Solomon's notes, that's too long and not that interesting. this is not a book, but a game.crab in the last chapter does nothing, you go a long way into a dead-end. takes you a while to realize there's nothing happening there, then you have to backtrack.Dear Esther is the much better game of this exploration story-driven type.I'm sorry to give this such a scathing review, there's surely quite some inspiration and motivation behind Leviathan, but the result just doesn't hold up in any way."
76561197970687383,Recommended,297350,13267759,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,A Nameless Ghoul,"first off: i'm not completely through with the game but it already tied me to it... it's fascinating, beautyful and somehow depressing.like ""gone home"" and ""dear esther"" this 'game' is not about certain mechanics or a score but the journey in itself is the goal. take your time, enjoy 'the ride' and let this interactive piece of art touch you. honestly, i love games like these that just let you move along, look around and explore and find things on your own. at your pace (mostly) and the way you go about. even without real threats or goals the atmosphere gribs you and you can't easily stop playing. the art-style is quite fitting going from delightfully colourful to depressingly grey-brown-ish... even tho sometimes the line between: ""this was a artsy design-decission"" and ""this looks not really finished"" blurs, because some textures seem just too low-quality while the rest is stunningly awe-inspiring. the game has a half-painted look to it - similar to what ""dishonored"" looks like - but not to that extent.there is a lot more to find than in ""dear esther"" because you have more than just one path or maybe two. look around and try to find everything. there's a lot of things to discover which will give you (at least) the feeling that you understand more and more of what this is... the more you search the more it feels like going down the rabbit hole.therein lies the only problem i have: you don't know where to go and if you are really unlucky you walk from the start of a chapter to the end of it in a minute, missing all the alternative paths and ending the chapter involuntarily. this will either result in you missing a bunch of interesting stuff or reloading the chapter and backtracking. because there is quite a lot of backtracking to begin, with this could set off people. but then again: sometimes it really pays off because 'events' in the levels make the rest of it change slightly - giving you a new perspective and opinion of what is going on.for anyone who is willing to take his time, and just wants to emerge into a bizarre world i can only recommend it.anyone who wants an incentive driven goal achieving game... better don't play this."
76561198036497805,Not Recommended,297350,28538702,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,wysiwyg,"Somehow I have finished this with no idea what I was meant to be doing. I just kept opening doors. Only took 4 hours to finish - quick by my standards. The business about GUO seemed to matter at the start, and then got dropped. The narrator is irritating, and embarassing if you're not using headphones. Went clean over my head. Pretty enough."
,Recommended,297350,17913120,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,¥.J.MäLm§†££ñ ®,"Beautiful atmosphere, nice narrator voice choice.Simply walking simulator and exloration game. Nothing more.And i still can't believe how this game didn't succeed on Kickstarter. I'm glad to be a backer.Recommended for walking sim fans."
,Recommended,297350,18348063,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,R4P↺WK3,I really liked the themes the narrator explores and the game world has a nice atmosphere.
,Not Recommended,297350,16466838,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Marcone Antelius,"At first glance, The Old City: Leviathan looks to be an amazing game. A mystery waiting to be solved. Depth and scale. Boundless intrigue. Instead it proves itself to be just another shalow walking simulator.The world itself, locked and running on high graphics in Unreal Engine 3, looks to be highly immersive and imaginative, this unique ""game"" is hindered by the fact that there is zero gameplay. Left mouse for zoom, E to opens doors, WASD to move, and left shift to walk a slightly faster pace. There is virtually zero learning curve, no challenge, no puzzle to solve, no guessing. There is a good sense of paranoia but it subsides by the third chapter.When reading the typed letters that are stuck to the walls throughout the game you get a sense of an almost sci-fi story: a falling away happened where humanity simply gave up, years later three factions came to power and started fighting over what to do next and what to do with their own freedoms, there is something in the water, a few names, and that's it. While you gather what little information there is you may find yourself uncaring as to what happened.While the narrator drones on and on about dreams and reality and suicide, you come across some VERY disturbing images of people having hung themselves, bled out, starved, etc. Some of these being children. I should mention that this game does not come with a trigger warning, just a message saying that all you see is not real. I consider myself a stable-minded individual but it shook me to where I had to turn the camera and sidestep past them.If you explore every nook and cranny and the suddenly unveiling pathways, you'll rack up a total of 3 hours play time. At least Dear Esther was and still is cheap to buy. In that game you gather quickly what's happened to the character you're controlling and somehow feel connected. Its meant to bring you sadness. The visual is a vehicle to the deeper points. Leviathan attempts a story but is interrupted by itself, its trying to show you something while telling you something else unrelated.Maybe I'm not smart enough to pay attention to the point the game was trying to make, maybe the art of the game just serves a deeper and mindful purpose, maybe I'm too impatient and need something to happen while I play a game, or maybe having players walk around for 3 hours with nothing to do but read and listen makes for a lousy ""game."""
,Not Recommended,297350,13772465,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,TheKarpuk,"This feels like someone played Dear Esther or Gone Home and thought, ""Gee, that's great, but how about I replace narrative with some guy babbling about all the stuff he learned from that semester when he was getting stoned a lot and taking multiple philosophy classes.""Many of the environments are pretty interesting, but at times I felt the length was padded out with repetitive use of the sort of bland industrial corridors that haunt virtually every first person game, and at times it seemed like a deleted scene from Half Life 2. Sometimes post-apocalyptic wastelands are just an excuse not to have to render living creatures.The setting and the narrative didn't feel engaging or intriguing enough to keep me going for any reason beyond sight seeing. It's mostly just someone babbling at me, repeating the same thing rephrased by abusing a thesaurus, while I try to figure out my way forward.By the end some of the narrators statements had me rolling my eyes so badly I think I may have hurt my vision."
,Not Recommended,297350,15630003,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Diana,"This game gives the feel that the story is meant for the protangist, not the player.It's fun to explore, to a point, but pretty quick you'll start feeling left out of the story."
76561197961527900,Not Recommended,297350,13477590,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Crinkle,"This is not a game. It's not even a ""walking simulator"" (a game where your major/only action to complete it requires walking). I am saying this by making the arbitrary distinction that a ""walking simulator"" has an end, whether it be a quick, subtle finale, or a long, dramatic act. There is absolutely no narritive end here, and on face value, not much narrative going off at all, until you dig deep into the notes in the game.Don't get me wrong though, this is a beautiful experience, nice level design, emotive music. However, all of that means nothing here, because this isnt a game. Its wandering around and experiencing philosophy being told to you. There's only small hints in the later levels that the end of the story is coming, and then, upon one interaction, one little, pedestrian action you perform in thousands of other games, the credits roll.It's a real let down after the experience as a whole. My personal feeling is that another ""episode"" is perhaps in the pipeline, as theres really no other explanation for having absolutely no ending at all.Theres a LOT of reading to do here, a few of ""Solomon's notes"" may take a good 30 minutes or so to read all the way through, but theres a lot of the actual story explained there. On the subject of time, to complete this first time took about 3 hours (when exploring and reading the notes). My reading time for solomon's notes on their own would easily add another few hours on to that.If you're after an interesting EXPERIENCE, and have a big interest in philosophy, and/or religion, then you can do much worse than give this a go. If you're after a finished game with any sort of ending at all. This isnt for you, or me."
,Not Recommended,297350,16439654,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Fracasse DuJour,"Spend 3 hours listening to a pretentious prick talk himself in circles about the nature of truth, dreams, perfection, and delusion, all while continuing to explore a beautiful world in the vain hope of actually understanding a little more about it."
,Not Recommended,297350,24184479,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Kryyss,"The developer clearly wanted to do something thoughtful but went about it with a pseudo-story that ultimately felt unsatisfying and was needlessly gory.Ironically, the developers have come across as hypocritical with the thoughts they wanted to share as the three relgious groups portrayed in the game, who are parodies of aetheists, spiritualists and nihilists, end up being embroiled in a violent conflict of hatred towards one another. The devs ultimately claim that 'stupid ideas, die with stupid people' while they also claiming that people should be free to think whatever they want. The contradiction is self-evident and the events in the game reveal more of this critical attitude towards anyone with a belief (the stupid people). You can see that the developer has done some theological study as there are many biblical references throughout the game but you can't help but feel that (despite claims to the contrary) the developer is clearly pushing an anti-religious egenda in how they say that beliefs are a cage, that any kind of faith or certainty in a belief is ultimately self-destructive. This idea is reinforced by the characters that belonged to one of the factions within the game ending up miserable and suicidal or dead as a result of the war. The survivor is the one who chose to reject all the other organisations and who held no fixed beliefs.I would recommend this game for design purposes but simply cannot when the message it is trying to get across is a thinly veiled, hypocritical critisism of other people's beliefs. In a world already filled with intolerance we don't need more of this attitude."
76561197970653174,Not Recommended,297350,26448595,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,tran_fors,"Okay, let me preface this with one thing: I love, love, love reading good stories.This game's books/etc are chock full of boring, rambling stories.Further, its puzzles are... rare, and not all that good."
76561198094006324,Not Recommended,297350,20491029,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Lollophi,"I've never played a proper walking simulator before playing this one and I think the kind of game it is is actually very interesting and could be a great medium for storytelling and philosophical thought provoking and such. This game however just doesn't quite acheive it. It seems to be loosely based on the biblical story of Jonah and the Whale which is a fantastic story with wonderful imagery; great stuff to base this kind of game on. My problem however, is that there is basically no plot, what the protagonist says is usually pretty poetic babble with a loose basis in actually very interesting philosophy.The ""plot"" is more like an idea for a post apocalyptic world order based on three opposing philosophical doctrines: extreme  religion (there is no truth but God), extreme atheism (there is no God but truth) and extreme agnosticism (there is no truth, period). These all have their justifications which you explore by reading the various posters and book pages scattered everywhere.My biggest problem however, was the actual gameplay; you have no way of knowing whether you will progress to the next level if you open a door. That means that you can't be sure you've explored everywhere before moving on which means its almost inevitable that you do not have the complete story (not that there's much coherant progression anyway). What this means is that I was perpetually in the dark about what was really going on, who I was, where I was gong or why and where everyone else was.The most impressive scene was the last part where you enter the whale but instead of reaching some new place that might give you some indication of what it was all for, you end up where you started. Perhaps its all an elaborate metaphor for the spiritual journey of Jonah but really, I'd have preferred more guidance for that.You can collect secret stashes of documents written by another character you never see ""Solomon"", but when I saw how long they were I did not want to read them. So the only vaguely interesting part of the actual gameplay (I love finding secrets and collectibles) became completely undesirable.Since the pictures looked so pretty (and the game is pretty; the light is beautifully rendered and some of the landscapes are stunningly surreal) I was quite dissappointed in the lack of variety in the environments (but maybe I'm demanding a bit too much from the developers here).Generally, I'm sad to say, I was disappointed in the game."
,Not Recommended,297350,14922476,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,El_Desenladrillador,"Too complicated in terms of understanding, too much reading, requires too much thinking sore thoughts. It feels like I've signed up for an adventure, but ended up getting a philosophy lesson that I haven't asked for. The giants and creatures are nice addition, but in general this game is skippable and forgettable. Not enjoyable experience, it's not enjoyable at all even for the game that you are not suppose to enjoy in the usual way."
76561198020506980,Recommended,297350,26486730,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Oybluz,Nice mystery atmospheric narrated exploration game.
,Recommended,297350,16637317,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,fortris,"This review is going to avoid being as wordy and pretentious as this game is, so I'll keep it brief. If you want a REALLY short review, I can summarize this game in one sentence.If you like gorgeous vistas and really, really, realllllly long-winded philosophy this game is 100% for you, and easily recommendable.Now, if that doesn't sound like something you'd entirely enjoy, this is also easily passable and I can imagine myself forgetting the majority of this game in less than a month, so why is my review positive?It raised a lot of well thought out arguments of reality, perception and religion, but does it in a way that will make the vast majority of players fall asleep. Trust me, this game could easily lose around 50% of the written dialogue (hell 40% of the spoken dialogue could be cut as well) and it'd be FAR better off for it. While it's nice to think you're smart for reading something that's written in a bombastic and flowery way be my guest, it's well worth the $10.But I digress even harder than the first ""Soloman's note"" in this game (all of which take almost 10 minutes to read, 7 in total), it's worth recommending if you can stomach it.Did I mention this game is ♥♥♥♥ing gorgeous? Because it's ♥♥♥♥ing gorgeous."
,Recommended,297350,25372444,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Barking_Wilder,"A beautifully haunting; if sometimes pretentious and convoluted, masterpiece."
,Recommended,297350,25423763,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Yudoz,"The Old City: Leviathan is a beautiful game of exploring one's certainty and dreams in a broken world.The surreal storytelling of it makes one perplexed.""You're about to inhabita broken mind, not all you see or hear is true..."""
76561198160066834,Recommended,297350,25690107,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,lunaarcana,"This game is absolutely stunning. If you don't like walking sims with reading or voice acting, pensive moments, philosophical words, etc, then don't play it. If you don't like actually putting thought into to figure out a story, then this game isn't for you. The scenery has a lot of thought put into it, it is dynamic and ethereal. Everything is so well-thought out and well placed. Entering some chapters/areas make your jaw drop. The story line is vague, but that leaves a lot of room for mystery and emotion to be placed. Seeing odd notes of dwelelrs slowly going insane. The biblical references ied in with fantastical mythology really make for interesting thought. The soundtrack is stunning, as well. (It's by Atrium Carceri. Totally check them out if you like dark ambient♥♥♥♥♥♥ It adds to the world flawlessly. I dig the hell out fo this game."
,Not Recommended,297350,15527941,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,daymon74,"Look at things, and walk through doors. That's the extent of this game, if you can even call it that. I want my money back!"
,Not Recommended,297350,16612012,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Kinotiko,"The story is very loosely based. It seams it is up to you to find all the pieces of the puzzle. If you don't, I guess it's too bad for you. The game is more wandering than anything. I'm not a crazy gamer, and it only took me 94 minuites to complete. I have no idea what it was about."
,Recommended,297350,13273551,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Infinity,Simply 10/10.
,Recommended,297350,28634654,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,OvenBaked,"So cheap right now at only US$1.49. Nice spooky, if lonely atmosphere, although I have no idea what the narrator is on about. I'm just looking around, about 4 chapters in. It's basically a ""check out my Unreal Engine levels"" walking game. Any attempt at getting me to understand the narrative is lost.  I don't mind, I'm fine with walking around checking out the scenes. Nice ambient sounds and the lighting and world is quite rich. There's not much interaction going on with these walking around games. You get what you pay for."
76561197996451094,Recommended,297350,13243062,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Coldstop,Very deep10/10
,Recommended,297350,20660392,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Ronon Dex,"If this kind of game is your cup of tea, then it will be one of the most thought-provoking, visually stunning, audibly pleasing and artistically satisfying cups of tea you will ever have."
,Not Recommended,297350,14455748,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,franky,"I went into this game really expecting to like this, I've played somewhat similar games before and enjoyed them but whether the story was just going over my head, or if it was intentionally confusing, I honestly don't know.The dialogue and diary entries around the world are confusing and don't really explain much (granted I couldn't make myself go very far, for boredom - one other flaw) unless it's gradually revealed and makes more sense the further one gets into it. It really didn't inspire me enough to want to find anything out.Although it certainly is beautiful, there is no indication of where in this world you're supposed to be going, you just have to explore all routes, hoping it leads to wherever you're meant to be going.I really couldn't enjoy this, and I really did try."
76561198098182217,Not Recommended,297350,25178911,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Crocochoo,"I wanted to like this but I felt like the non-existent gameplay didn't help immerse me into the world. I need something to do other than walk...I was also reluctant to explore because the narrator with his philosophic bordering on arrogant soliloquies were just... Ugh, I dunno. If I wanted this about of prattle, I would have just gone to a stage show."
,Not Recommended,297350,19924183,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,The Voice of Reason,"While I like the visuals of the game and it is for the most part a technically good game, I found the actual game play to be extremely dull. The only thing you will ever do in this game is walk. You wander around several abandoned areas discovering pieces of narration (which was quite good) and notes which vary in quality. On occasion, you will bump into a little cube which gives you one of ""Solomon's Notes"". These things take a LONG time to read and are probably the equivalent of 10 pages of reading per note (there are seven total). While I don't mind reading, when I play a video game, I want to actually PLAY the game and not read it. The music and atmospheric sounds are incredibly good and create an eerie atmosphere. I'll be honest in saying, I didn't complete the game because I didn't find the story compelling enough to suffer through any more of the slow plodding through this abandoned complex. My only assumption as to why all these walking simulator ""games"" have such slow movement speed is because you could blast through them in fifteen minutes if you could move at any decent kind of speed. This game will probably run you about two hours if you skip reading Solomon's notes. I made it to chapter 5/7 in about 100 minutes. Exploration is excruciating because of the slow movement speed and really made me weigh whether the little bits of exposition were valuable enough for me suffer through the journey to look around everywhere. The story itself is quite confusing. There are a great many biblical allusions, symbols, and allegories. The names Jonah and Solomon are both used (Jonah being the man swallowed by a giant fish for three days and Solomon being the son of David, one of the great kings of Israel) and Jerusalem and another town (I can't remember the name but recognized it as being mentioned in the bible) are also referred to. There are two groups, one called The Guild, the other's name I've already forgotten. They appear to be at odds. The identity of the character you play was not revealed to me in my experience. The game probably has some pretty cool stuff in it if you feel like reading the novel that was put in Solomon's notes and finding every piece of dialogue and reading every note pinned to the wall. For me, I couldn't justify wasting the time on it to find out. I got this for 75% off at $2.49. I imagine it would be worth it if you like these sort of games but I just couldn't get into it."
76561198115701400,Not Recommended,297350,15909068,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,mokifinoki,"Just finished going through this er...game.  It is definitely beautiful and the music was relaxing.  I thought I would like just wandering around with no real goals or puzzles, but I didn't.  The narrative didn't impress or annoy me.  I usually ignore them anyway.  I loved the puzzles in Mind: Path to Thalamus (story line was unimportant to me.)  I enjoyed Dear Ester because all of the scenery was beautiful, unlike this game.  I liked Ether's story line most of all, but still wasn't particularly attached to it.It is beautiful though.  And if you like long complex stories written in long batches, you will love this game.  Just not my thing."
,Not Recommended,297350,20300140,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,brains_omac,"CONVOLUTED ""the game is let down by a convoluted plot in which nothing really happens""2/10"
76561198254194043,Not Recommended,297350,23724403,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,QualityTrash,The visual style is quite interesting but the hollow and uninteresting story didn't do enough to keep me playing.
,Recommended,297350,13246070,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Chicago Falcon,"A very pretty, very confusing walking simulator. Only con: I don't care how philosophical and pretty of a game it is, 15$ is too much for an hour and a half long game."
76561197963687679,Recommended,297350,20160412,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,[BIO]ThebigXer,"I have no idea what the story is about and what the protagonist keeps rambling about. It all comes off a little pretentious but it's still a fantastic experience.The environments are well designed, diverse and a please sure to experience. The attention to detail is fantastic and for those looking for visual story telling this game has it in spades.While I wish the story was more accessible, I don't see it being a reason to avoid playing this game.  If you enjoy exploring in games or narritive driven games free of contrived gameplay mechanics, please give this a try."
,Recommended,297350,13237861,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Wif,"The Good: Exceptionally designed and beautiful environments, narrator raises some very interesting thoughtsThe Bad: Never really felt engaged, didn't really know what was going on (think that was the point?), somewhat short.A great story game, for certain.  A similar title is 'Mind: Path to Thalamus'"
76561198260768698,Recommended,297350,29044610,Posted: 5 January,all,BadgerCrisis,I thought it was gorgeous and pretty deep. Best played if your slightly 'altered' for maximum mind eff. But yeah... Good game. WOOPWOOP
,Recommended,297350,13357604,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Zeiss,Just buy it. You'll thank me.
76561198042418133,Recommended,297350,14009079,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,brimby,The Old City: Leviathan provides a deep experience for those tired of conventional narratives in games---but you must be patient. Here's my treatise on literature's place in video games and where The Old City: Leviathan fits into it allhttp://indieruckus.com/the-old-city-leviathan/
,Recommended,297350,13311534,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Krupted Peasant,"I would only recomend this to those who enjoy a narative and immersive experience. There is really no gameplay other than hunting for 9 notes. I did not find them all, I have 3 left but I don't think I will go back. I enjoyed the enviroment and the narator but the lack of gameplay holds little reason to walk through the same areas again.Graphics 9/10Story 7/10Gameplay 2/10Replayability 0/10Final score 5/10 - SO I could only recomend it to someone who enjoys an experience, over thrilling gameplay (or any gameplay for that matter.)"
,Recommended,297350,14047685,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Charli Elizabeth,"When looking at games, I'm an absolute sucker for amazing and immersive visuals.This fills that criteria perfectly.Old City: Leviathan is a philosophical take on our relationship with dreams and memories. How both are interwoven to create new landscapes beyond time.Overall, it took a couple of hours to complete the story but I definitely look forward to making the journey again as it was just a lovely languid and stunning ride.Looking forward to hopefully seeing more of its ilk in future."
76561198076785289,Not Recommended,297350,21814975,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Radacal,"The games art is spectacular, but thats not enought. the characters that the narrator created seemed so life like. When he spoke of the minatours i was actually scared. but as the game went on you soon realized that there was no real moving character. I suppose I should have seen that coming in the credits when they're were no animators credited."
,Not Recommended,297350,22117230,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Anna,"It hurts me to do this, but I can't really recommend it. The short of it is get it at discount.GOOD:-Lovely music (By Atrium Carceri, one of my favorite artists)-It's gorgeous to look at-The light system is a thing of beauty. This is how Thief 4 should have looked like shadow-wiseMEH:-The story is just incomprehensible.-The collectible notes are the equivlanet of verbal diarrhea. I read maybe 1/10th of the first log and lost interest because it was just crazy ravings.-It ends abruptly without any resolutionThe game looks and sounds gorgeous, I feel that's it's primary selling point.It feels like a mood piece and ultimately goes nowhere. It seems like the devs were aiming at Dear Esther, and it's very much reminescent of it, albeit overdid the pretentious crazy part.To continue the comparison, in Dear Esther one could have an idea of the story by walking through it and observing. Here you seem presented with a world that has it's very own very odd rules ala Xeno Clash or Divergent.But you just don't feel it.The makes a point of the journey being more important than the destination, but I can't help but feel a little hollow after the end fadeout.In the end, I suppose I expected more."
,Not Recommended,297350,20991805,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,signalstation,"Pages and pages of portentous notes on the walls. Bogged-down, unclear narration. Despite the promise of beautiful scenery, we were alienated by the heavy, inept storytelling and abandoned the game."
76561198019159361,Not Recommended,297350,21043335,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Brainst0rm,"It is exceptionally pretty, and fairly well paced. It's a ""walking simulator,"" with all the pratfalls of that genre. Games like this live or die on their atmosphere and the strength of the story that is revealed. Leviathan has the atmosphere. It does not have the story. What it does have is a massive boner for relativism and post-modernism. It's pretty sure that this is all SUPER DEEP, and so most of the narration explores these themes, using lots of big words and slightly archaic sentence construction. Because we're so sophisticated, oh yes.The underlying plot, which exists only in notes pinned on walls, is (as I understand it) a slight variation on those abominable Divergent books. Post-acopolalypse, survivors are split into camps based on philosophy, the camps all fight. ""Divergents"" are, in this case, called Minotaurs. So there's lots of statues of Minotaurs. Did I lose you? Like I said, it's very deep.If you can stand the undergrad-philosophizing and painful speed of walking, it's not a bad use of an hour or two, but I just can't recommend it."
,Not Recommended,297350,21072821,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Iron Bellows Buttpug,"Gorgeous scenery. Unfortunately, the philosophy is pretty transparent and retread old ground."
76561197963570469,Not Recommended,297350,20964218,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Nino,"Giving this game a fair shake: while I found it interesting, it definitely wont fill everyone's cup with great expectations, and ultimately it is so niche that I have to down-rate it.The graphics in this game are nicely done, but they aren't always perfect. In some areas I found the lighting odd/extreme. Windows did not always match up with incoming light, and the closer I looked at certain areas of detail, the easier it was to see that not everything was quite ""perfect."" However, it is still an incredible game to walk through, but it also wasn't exactly something my system felt even remotely taxed to run. I personally wasn't ""hovering over F12.""Story wise this game is highly philosophical and if you're not familiar with certain biblical stories, and even a few ancient greek mythologies, the concept behind this game is probably going to have a hard time sticking with you. Given that, it wasn't badly interpretted, and there is further/deeper meaning behind the story that I feel most (almost all) don't actually preceive.Building on that, my personal /critique/ of the game is that it is not delivered in a form that the player can unify their experiences with the narrator--in a fashion that keeps them driven on the same path--through a desire to understand, and grow, within the exploration of the Leviathan in order to walk them coherently along the structured philosophy of the game and its totality. The game lacks an event or trigger to bring them into the world more cohesively in such a way as to encourage their aimless wanderings and  intellectualization; this may inherently be a downside to the nature of a walking-simulator style game and its inept ability to do more than mosey.Overall I think it is unfortunate that the deeper concepts are missed, and likely will never be realized if the indie group doesn't manage to continue in their second and third games that Leviathan is supposed to be a triology from. The walking-simulator aspect of it could have done with a faster ""run"" option to help facilitate a more effecient experience for those who desire it (I know I wanted to double the pace often). Combined with good, but not (in my opinion) stunning visuals, there isn't really anything that immediately brings me to recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,297350,23252350,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,eaturbyfill,"I loved playing The Old City: Leviathan, but I don't know that I could recommend it to others. Many of the views were breathtaking, and I enjoyed its attempt at philosophy. However... It often felt like the author was trying *too hard* to make their philosophical points, often obscuring them with over-the-top language. I was frequently taken out of the moment questioning why the author/developer chose to needlessly cloud their statements or simply repeat them in a different, still esoteric way.I just have to say I find it interesting that a game so heavily focused on the futility of ideological conflict relied so heavily on Jewish mythology during its storytelling."
76561198032789427,Not Recommended,297350,20594900,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Windless Bear,"This is a beautiful game, and it's quite haunting and, at first, interesting to explore. It's interesting when you just don't know what's going on, or what will happen.Once you understand the basic flow of the game, you realize that most of your questions will not be answered. For example, I was personally incredibly interested in the fall itself... which was unfortunate, as that's never really investigated.I apologize for spoiling this, so stop reading now;there is no 'ending'. I assume the player is tasked with finding some meaning through the largely incoherent introspection of Jonah, however, it's incredibly unsatisfying. I kind of knew, once I got near the end, that it would be like that. There just couldn't have been anything to follow that would have really ""fit""... unless there was nothing /at all/.I understand that is a valid type of storytelling, however, it really doesn't work that well in such an engaging and atmospheric world to pull the player away from the beautiful visual stimulus and environment and ""leave it to them to work out""... it's just unsatisfying."
,Not Recommended,297350,21233110,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,shiv_379,"A good walking similar / exploration game will engage and carry the player with careful pacing and an interesting storyline. The game will take hold of them where they are and lift them into a new world, guiding them and teaching them. The Old City fails to do that. Instead it alienates the player with wilfully obtuse language and bores them with a complete disregard for pacing.Creating a game that is entirely exploration with a single narrator is challenging indeed. Although we have seen how effective it can be when done right, such as in Portal and The Stanley Parable, the difference between those games and this highlights the need to speak TO your audience, not AT them. Flat monologues with sentences such as ""An assertion from an assumption is still an assertion, making any deduction from that foundation subject to critique."" and ""Epistemic humility can regress to the deconstruction of stagnation."" distract the player from the immersion of the game, and break the illusion that the person speaking is the character they are controlling. It is hard to get into a first-person character when they are practically speaking a language you do not understand.Games such as Doom 3, Bioshock, and The Last of Us (particularly the starting acts of each of these games) show us how well a world can be portrayed through notes, events, and other environmental clues around you. In fact the opening segments of each of those games works without any of the main game action. Coming back to The Stanley Parable again we can see how well pacing can be managed with the narrator filling in the gaps of otherwise mindless travel. Imagine, if you will, a long corridor or expanse that stretches before you. You know that you must walk to the far edge of that space. In The Old City this is mostly done in silence which, while it gives you a moment to appreciate the obvious beauty of the landscape, soon falls into dull trudgery. Not helped by the many times when you must travel back to point X to explore the other fork in the pathway as the one you have been following has lead to a dead end.On a technical note, the lack of advanced video controls make this game hard to tweak to run on lower end systems. You can turn motion blur off, change the resolution, and that is about all. As a result it ran very clippy on my steam-powered crank-started laptop (no one's fault but my own I know).All in all a dissapointment. There was so much potential here for an incredible experience, however the flaws above coupled with the lack of richness in the environment (particularly a complete lack of anything to interact with in any form) mean that I would not recommend it to anyone."
,Not Recommended,297350,22087811,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,SylverWulf,Not worth the money. Interesting concept but very underwhelming.
76561198198711177,Not Recommended,297350,22107838,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,anthony.ryan.peterlin,"I just finished playing the game, if you can call it the game. Everything you do is exploring locations. The game is very beautiful and sound is amazing, but that's it, you just walking and walking and walking..."
,Recommended,297350,31594848,Posted: 6 May,all,K-Med,"Good walking simulator. Graphics are limited by the older engine being used, but overall it looks decent. It's about 2 to 3 hours long depending on whether you're looking for notes. No acheivements are a little disappointing, but overall this is a solid walking simulator with an interesting back story that you can definitely get into if you wanted to read all the wall notes, etc."
76561197972326242,Recommended,297350,18917300,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,oaks2nin,"A game which you really have to be in the right mood to play. If you are with friends, or have something else on your mind, then it is not the right time to play. Once you get into the world it creates though, its pretty neat. Just be prepared for a lot of reading."
76561198048669381,Recommended,297350,18484972,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Mr Ponyman,I recommend those who like mysteries and lore to play this game. 7/10
,Recommended,297350,22192327,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,UncannyValleyForge,"Tl;dr--I had mixed feelings.In greater depth, let's get this out of the way first--yes, this game is *gorgeous.* Not just in terms of its commendable graphical prowess, but in terms of its visual presentation. Its labyrinthine levels are sumptuously designed and evocative, somewhere between City 17 and Giorgio de Chirico.The writing isn't as bad as some of the other reviews have made it sound--the game definitely feels pretentious, and it has some pacing issues, but if you can look past that, there's an interesting (if heavy-handed) meditation on futility and truth to be found here--very Kafka-Lite. The best bits are definitely the ancillary notes and text posted around the game's environment, which represent the views of people who've lived in the game's mysterious environment and struggled with the miserable emptiness of it.Unfortunately, the narrator you're saddled with spends most of the game as the sort of nihilistic, dull teenager who just discovered Nietzsche and wants to sound important. It's not a dealbreaker--like all good fictional characters, he undergoes a change as the story goes along--but it definitely drags down what feels like a thoughtful experience into something that feels pedantic and not half as smart as it thinks it is.All told, though, if you like walking simulators, thought-provoking narratives and environmental storytelling, it's easy to look past the narration and enjoy The Old City."
,Not Recommended,297350,13240808,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Raught,"Wonderful environment. But I honestly felt the game tried way too hard. And it ended way too early, I read all the notes, collected everything, and I just didn't care for it. I love games in this genre, but while this one was pretty, I felt like it was a waste of time and money.I wouldn't reccomend it, just watch a video walkthrough, don't waste money on this game."
,Not Recommended,297350,14614565,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Pulsar Cologne,Im confused and unsatisfied :(....
76561198026488663,Not Recommended,297350,18105430,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Slan,"The levels were nice, the notes were interesting, the voice acting is surprisingly good, I only wish there was some sort of gameplay involved."
76561198040945611,Not Recommended,297350,13948548,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,WhiskeySlut_Remedies,I want my money back.
,Not Recommended,297350,18682381,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,☢☭Army Boy™☭☣,A good waste of an hour.
,Not Recommended,297350,15476535,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Ginger Baker,"Someone suggested that this might be a walking simulator. It is so much more. It is a walking and exploring looking at the pretty graphics and listening to philosophy simulator. It's outcome? Why you are a better, wiser and smarter person even though the game is bleak as hell, filled with dispare and uses the usual trope of a distopian future. No hope here kids. Did I also say it's well written, pretentious and boring?"
,Not Recommended,297350,17034398,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Operatorkin,Did you like the world of Dishonored?  Would you like to slowly walk around that world while nothing happens?  Me neither.
76561198058339430,Not Recommended,297350,21427447,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,jgettinger1,Beautiful visuals but completely incomprehensible storyline.
,Not Recommended,297350,23032644,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Zaximillian,"A bad walking simulator (a term I use without negativity, SOMA was one of my favorite games last year).  Nearly zero interaction, overstuffed writing, a plot or theme that the game never even tries to make me care about, pace-destroying written documents everywhere that you'll likely start ignoring in the first 10 minutes (of the total running time of maybe 90 minutes), and, most damning, elements of exploration that are undermined by unforseen chapter progression - for example, going right instead of left may find a room with details, while going left means the level ends, and at no time was there any particular indication of that.Just a very poor. albiet very pretty, use of time."
,Recommended,297350,31102018,Posted: 12 April,all,simons322000,"An amazing and very atmospheric game, great focus on mythology."
76561198046350039,Recommended,297350,18808272,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Gundam,♥♥♥♥♥in
76561198106604660,Recommended,297350,28435491,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,derdarm,"It is an OK game but you certainly may play it in youtube. It is beautiful, narrative is mysterious and you won’t get 95% of story no matter how you struggle."
,Recommended,297350,13262380,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,mutatedwombat,"This is a very pretty game. Unfortunately at the time of writing the resolution options did not extend to 2560 x 1440 or higher, although the devs have promised to implement these.I found the ""story"" was in fact a paper thin substrate devoid of coherent plot and character development, upon which was layered a prolonged and self indulgent philosophical discourse. But that's just my opinion. You may like that kind of thing. Fair warning though: I liked Dear Esther, I did not like this.I still have not completed the game because all I get in the last chapter is a black screen - unless that is intended, in which case the presentation was way to subtle for me.I'm going to recommend this game because I know that there are people for whom it will appeal, and the problems that I encountered are able to be fixed without too much effort."
,Recommended,297350,13259047,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Stepan's Dad,"This is the first ""Walking Sim"" type game I've ever played, so I can't tell you how it stacks up against any other games like this, but personally I found it to be an enjoyable experience. If you can't already tell from the screenshots, its gorgeous, although I wish the narrative was a little tighter. I get that they want you to find everything yourself, but when you have to read an entire short novel to (somewhat) understand the story, you've gone a little overboard. Also, a lot of what you do find winds up being redundant, and just a little pretentious.Pros:GorgeousInterestingUniqueSurprisingCons:ConfusingEnding was kinda lacklusterSometimes it's easy to accidentaly bypass stuff in a level and move on to the next oneAll in all, buy it. I may sound harsh, but it really is a very unique experiance you won't find elsewhere."
,Recommended,297350,28878210,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Goober,"What I liked:The Old City: Leviathan is an interesting and highly abstract story with gorgeous and surreal environments. I've been searching for quite a while for a game that makes me feel similar to the way I felt playing Dear Esther for the first time, and this is it.What I didn't like:-Player movement speed is very, very slow. There's a ""sprint"" function, but it's barely any quicker than walking.-By default, Mouse 1 zooms up on objects, a feature which is honestly pretty useless. Seems to me that it'd make more sense to have Mouse 1 as the use key (as opposed to having a separate use key), then let the player bind a ""HUD Zoom"" key if they wanted one.-Sometimes you get hitched on geometry and will need to jump or walk slightly to the side (small staircases are especially bad for this).Overall:I'd recommend The Old City: Leviathan to anyone who enjoys a slow, intriguing walking similar with amazing visuals. Don't play this expecting a fast-paced game or really any interaction with the world. The game essentially consists of walking between points of interest, interpreting voiceovers, reading notes, opening doors, andjumping off of stuff. As well, some general familiarity with the biblical story of Jonah is very valuable in understanding this game."
76561198115130371,Not Recommended,297350,22197471,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,jin0uga,"Too much mumbo jumbo, game crashed after 30 mins. It was good from what I managed to play so far, but ultimately nothing made me come back."
,Not Recommended,297350,20695186,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Bum,"I'm not familiar with the Bible, much of the game's narrative flew right over my head.As someone who just wanted to be entertained with the thrill of exploring a beautiful world, I feel very disappointed that the overall narrative was lost on me and felt like absolute rubbish.If I had known that I needed prerequisite knowledge of psychology 101 and biblical stories, I'd rather not have purchased this game.The environments are beautiful though. Especially in 4K."
,Recommended,297350,29135784,Posted: 8 January,all,ColbyWanShinobi,"I recommend this game only if you enjoy ""cerebral"" walking simulator type games. This one was interesting, but a little long. And kep in mind I say it was too long and I paid far below full price via the Winter Sale. The visuals and art style are excellent, but the text/narration is a little obtuse for my taste. It felt like a chore getting to the end of this. I enjoyed the location but didn't particularly enjoy the trip, if that makes any sense."
,Not Recommended,297350,34625482,Posted: 30 August,all,Vortiene,"Are you artsy fartsy? Do you like a continuous dose of existential narrative and bleak depression? Hold forward to traverse through nice scenery while getting bombarded by a word-diarrhea audio book of gibberish in this pseudo-game!Look, it looks nice. That's about the most you can say about it unless you fit the above criteria. You walk around and see some stuff while getting fed pretentious mind-melting narrative intentionally written so whatever order you hear it in it wouldn't particularly matter.Want to waste your time trying to glean the actual story behind the game? I hope you like reading literal walls of text (text dumps bigger than any lore I've seen in a game that are mostly philosophical word jumbles) that pad the game way past the 1.5h it takes to take a walk through its scenery. Otherwise, no, no definitely not. Do not play it."
76561197996531418,Not Recommended,297350,34923982,Posted: 13 September,all,Codenox,"Man, this was somewhat boring.I walked to slow, therefore I did not want to explore much.The guy constantly talking was the most boring part.Talked so much, without saying anything - whatever he was talking about."
76561197963348938,Not Recommended,297350,20042057,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Ducati,Painfully boring
76561197971127571,Not Recommended,297350,29546141,Posted: 28 January,all,The_Real_Black,"I love walking simulators but in term of over using imagery this game done it.No horror, no jumpscares just a walking simulator every horror is only in your head.The places have a very burdensome atmosphere in it. Dark corners and broken items around keeps a post apocalypse setting up. Then there are ""dreams"" with magical castles. In the end every thing happend is only up to your interpretation.Without spoilers its impossible to descripe it more."
,Recommended,297350,13234498,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,BillyR,"This game contains some very nice looking environments. I finished the 'walk' through and read most of what I found and got several of the notes but I really have no clue what the whole story was other than 3 factions mediated by one neutral group had some sort of a great war and I 'think' everyone died... the whole thing feels like a walk around after the end of the world. I found it somewhat depressing. I'm not going to vote 'no' because I have no cause to reduce the reviews ratings but if your not into the whole 3D semi interactive novel sort of game you may not like this one. One thing I will say, I did not care for the end because it ended with a very long black screen and I had to use task manager to find out if the game was still running, then it went back to the start screen. Kinda wierd."
76561198025734650,Not Recommended,297350,20376608,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,DonB,"L'histoire est bien trop philosophique et cryptique à mon goût. En gros je n'ai rien compris. Pas grave, je l'ai acheté pour ses visuels, pour profiter de beaux paysages. Dommage, on passe beaucoup de temps dans de vulgaires couloirs. Les derniers niveaux permettent quand même quelques jolis panoramas.C'est plus bof que nul, mais ça ne vaut pas 10€."
76561198076629609,Not Recommended,297350,25731001,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,happyskunky,I am about an hour into this game.  I have no idea what the hell is going on.  The text and narrative makes no sense at all.
76561198040635715,Not Recommended,297350,20082063,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Yoshfiction,We get it. You went to college.
,Not Recommended,297350,33423169,Posted: 9 July,all,Natchkat,"This game is a load of pretentious bullcrap and kind of boring, honestly."
76561198021785996,Not Recommended,297350,23678813,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Toeknee,It is what it is and I give the creator props for making this game!
,Recommended,297350,13221590,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,nblackburn,A beautiful journey that shan't be forgotten.
,Recommended,297350,13222383,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,certified retard,♥♥♥♥♥changed my life.
76561198048969048,Recommended,297350,13222156,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,baoyouming,"""guo"" is pinyin for ""country"" in Chinese. Multicultural/10"
76561198056461167,Recommended,297350,13220232,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,duley58,found a gun couldn't pick it up/10
,Recommended,297350,13220529,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,🍌,cage.
76561197968876564,Recommended,297350,18006616,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,cg49me,"Generally not a fan of the games that leave me thinking ""What the heck did I just play?"" at the end, but this one managed to hit the sweet spot."
76561198113436323,Recommended,297350,16858803,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Mr. Lahey,"Some people find it odd to say an entire video game is art. Sure, there is plenty of art in it, it is made by creative individuals. However, this game has a great combination of art, intelligent composition, atmosphere, and one of my favorite parts: sound. The sound was on point with cues to what was happening in the game. Altogether, this game qualifies as a piece of art unto itself due to its great culmination of artworks."
,Recommended,297350,17782866,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Ferdinand Griffon,"The beauty of the levels is simply something you cannot describe. Just for that it is worth buying.But along with that there is a story, at first it can be a bit complicated to follow because the narration is like in a book, and if english is not your native language sometimes it can be difficult to follow. But if you read the notes you will be able to get immerse yourself into the story and enjoy the full experience"
76561198095654050,Recommended,297350,18197737,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,ewilvon,"If you have an imagination, play this game. It's just a story, which unfolds like a dream, and leaves you wondering every step of the way. Well paced, well designed, gorgeous graphics, well scripted, well narrated, and while there is a little reading done along the way to fill in the blanks, it isn't much and its written well enough not to draw you out of the experience. I loved it, and wholeheartedly recommend it for anyone who wants to wander through a waking dream."
76561198027915466,Recommended,297350,16675215,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Murray Cook,"Most interesting 'Walking Simulator' I've come across in a long time.Excellent graphics.Sensational sound.Phenomonal atmosphere.I don't know if it works with any sort of VR headset, but if it doesn't...they should make it work.Game won't grab everone, but it sure grabbed me. I haven't played for very long at all and I already feel like what I have experienced was worth my money."
76561198000774961,Recommended,297350,15455594,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,AndrewLeo,"Okay so I've just played this from start to finish. I didn't count how many hours it lasted because I was far too enthralled by enormity of the story in all it's majesty.Gameplay and Style: Think Skyrim mixed with Dear Esther. First person, nothing on the screen except what the character sees (no health bar or map etc.).  Story driven, so an amazing voice actor with a great vocab!  MUCH more can be said on this game but you really have to play it for yourself to understand!I loved this game and hope that more to comes from this great indie team! <3"
76561198022644031,Recommended,297350,16404220,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,amonikowski,"I""m not going to pretend that I ""got it"".  I didn't know walking simulator was a genre.  However, the short story you collect throughout the game is great.  After playing this game I started going on  hikes and listening to audio books.  Can't say other games have inspired me to change my life style.  Is this the pinacle of walking simulator games?  I have no idea.  This was the only one of that genre I've played.  It was an enjoyable experience, stuck with me, and was worth the $10."
,Recommended,297350,16461645,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Albalannae,"I haven't finished the game yet, but as someone who loves explorative games with interesting and layered stories, I must say I adore this game.  The narrator's voice fits very well with the theme, and I am impressed with the soundtrack as well."
,Recommended,297350,16535317,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,reddar19,Completely captivated by this one. The Old City very much evokes the same feelings as playing through the early Myst games did at one time. Tons of world building done in the notes. Puzzles are average-easy difficulty.
,Recommended,297350,16540413,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Joopson,"Beautiful art, beautiful ideas. Sometimes it's a bit slow; and sometimes I feel like I accidentally skipped 90% of the level-- but it was a great experience. I'd be curious about what inspired it. I sensed twinges of Dear Esther, Moby♥♥♥♥♥♥ The Bible, Dishonored, Bioshock, and really, the list keeps going. Surprisingly diverse game, considering the play time.8/10, for what it is. Definitely won't be for everyone, but if you've liked other games like this (focus on atmosphere and narrative), it's worth a shot. I don't suspect you'll be disappointed."
,Recommended,297350,13848142,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,ozzy goodwoman,one of the best games i have played
,Recommended,297350,13466389,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,grendelsden,Like a puzzle in a dark dream.
76561198078932442,Recommended,297350,13817597,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Duskstrider,"I really cannot recommend this game enough. It's a deep, beautifully constructed world, with intricate detail and a story that, once you can piece enough of it together, will take your breath away. Admittedly, it is short: I finished it in under 3 hours, although I didn't find everything and didn't manage to piece the whole story together. But, overall, if you want an immersive, positively stunning experience, get this game."
,Recommended,297350,13787370,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,sny,"The Old City: Leviathan is more of an interactive story than a game, one that you have to piece together yourself, and the experience is definitely not for everyone. Those looking for clear-cut objectives, indicators on where to go and in what order to do things and a narrative that's easy to follow, doesn't leave itself open to many interpretations and doesn't assault the player with philosophical ideas expounded in lengthy sentences will feel frustrated and likely unable to enjoy the experience.However, if you like pondering the deeper meaning behind the protagonist's monologues or journal entries found throughout the environments, or enjoy seeing the world through someone else's eyes and listening to others' perceptions of places, people and facets of dreams and reality, all the while exploring beautiful or moody environments accompanied with a suitably evocative soundtack, The Old City is a tale that's really worth experiencing, in my opinion.It's not an easy tale to follow (especially if english is not your native language) and some of the connections might not dawn on the player until subsequent playthroughs of the various chapters, but there are no challenges, tasks or jump scares to distract you from collecting all the tidbits of information, so the story can be unfolded at your own pace.The trailers on the store page might suggest a very gruesome, dark tone to the game's story, and while there certainly are eerie, gloomy parts of it, the overall experience in my opinion is a positive and uplifting one, once you've learned to accept the characters' personalities. If slower paced, thought-provoking games are your stuff, do yourself a favour and get The Old City: Leviathan."
,Recommended,297350,13840319,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,xX DOC Xx,"I wasn't certain about this game when I bought it, if I would enjoy this type of game or not.I have to say I'm very impressed with what I have seen/played so far.Although there is a specific storyline, the many variables offered by the developers provides a very different course of actions to direct the player towards the next trigger that will move the storyline forward. Wanting to see how the story differs with each choice, I have one game going on my laptop & another on my desktop. When I make one choice in one story, I make a different choice in the other. even though there are several choice to make within each scene, eventually you'll end up at the next trigger in the sequence of triggers that propels the story forward.I run a 4 year old I7 with the original Stanford 3.4 chipset with AMD graphics card & I have no troubles with the graphics. There are a couple of issues with the teraform & getting stuck without being able to get out of that spot without returning to the last checkpoint & starting again. There are not many of those spots & most of them are not located in the main playing spots for the most part. I'll send my list to the dev's so they can reform those spots without affecting the overlying textures.This game is a nice change from the typical games available today. I enjoy playing sims as much, if not more so than I do FPS games these days. I'm just burnt out with Battlefield, COD & the typical run & gun games. Now I am looking to entertain my mind without having to blow someone's head off their shoulders with a 50 cal sniper rifle.If your looking for a unique gaming experience, this is one to try out.However I do have my concerns with playability over the long run. After a player has run through the story for the first time, there are only so many ways to make a second or third run through the story interesting.I can see it's replay value & replaying the game with different choices, but no matter what, you will still end up in the same end spot or trigger locations that propell the story forward.To me, that means new areas, new layouts, expansion DLC to keep the story moving along new chapters fto the story. If the devs have this in mind, then I can see me putting a lot of hours into this game. It's a nice calm game to workout the mind instead of the trigger finger. All in All, I give this a 8.75/10."
,Recommended,297350,15549371,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Usurper,"I enjoyed this very much. A better, less conventional take on the First Person Exploration genre.Very visually appealing game that makes little sense, backed by a psycho-babble narrative...Yet...the feel and vibe were poignant and real. A bit of meloncholy and wonder mixed."
,Recommended,297350,15842918,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Robert,"Dreamlike. Surreal. Not really a game, if you can accept the dialogue, it's worth enjoying the world it's set in."
,Recommended,297350,15921585,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,BurnTyre,"The reviewers I've read have completed the game in about an hour? It took me 3 hours to explore the big areas provided, to find the clues, listen to the voice of the narrator, read every text until I finally found out what happened and why I'm alone in the outskirts of the Old City. Three hours of pure pleasure.Of course, young people don't want to read long texts, I know that, but this game is kinda old-school, it tells a story, which unfolds over time in a narrative rather than genuine ""gameplay"" structure. No fights, not even encounters, you are alone and have to find out why. You will visit places and dreams, and sometimes you can't be sure what is what.Graphics are excellent, the story fascinating, all in all a well deserved recommendation."
,Recommended,297350,15608355,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,techead81,"This is a truly mesmerizing experience! The music, when there is any is well-paced, and matches the environment that you're in. The lighting in this game is just spectacular, from candles to rope lights to moonlight, it really adds something to the game. The graphics themselves are still a teensy bit chunky if you get up close, but for the most part I found the graphics to be very well done. Thje environments are varied, and there are opportunities to step outside and take a breath of fresh air before you delve into the next labyrinthine section. I highly recommend exploring everywhere you can, open every door, go down every alley, it is worth it. The character that you play in this lives in a deep fantasy world, and you never know what part of the enivonment will set him off on his ""conversation"", and the way that his condition manifests itself is both incredible and disturbing. I commend the developer for making such an incredible experience, I never thought just exploring would be so enthralling!"
,Recommended,297350,14388482,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,ChuckleBags,"We're warned up front, before the game even begins, that we can trust nothing we experience in this tale. At first that made me think ""what an easy setup to cover lapses in writing."" Turns out that concern was unfounded. And if you like tales that are surreal, lonely, puzzling, horrifying, bizarre or beautiful, this game has you covered.Starting in claustrophic, wooden and brick waterworks, the tale is told slowly through exploration and the environment, as well as letters, notes, maps and more, some written by the protagonist, some by other people around him. Three factions are locked in coflict. Our protagonist steadfastly refuses to join or support any of the combatants. Although war and death are everywhere, we never see the violence. Finding only bloody aftermaths so often, our protagonist pushes ever more urgently to escape the Old City. As he progresses toward that goal, the environments open up, eventually to staggeringly vast, beautiful spaces of floating buildings and sleeping behemoths.One caveat: some of the story is told in VERY LONG, stream-of-consciousness text. While reading those Solomon's Notes is not necessary, they have a great many clues about both hidden items and the world around you. Some of the crucial clues in these long forms are delivered elsewhere in much shorter bursts. Once you start to find them, you'll figure whether it's worth the time to read. I still recommend it, but for crying out loud, some of them are LONG.It's not a shooter, much more an intriguing story wrapped around a first-person puzzler. If this game is on sale, I recommend that you get it, just to experience the design and art."
,Recommended,297350,14473999,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,GiLneration,A very philosophical game about how terrible humanity is. Masterpiece 10/10 Would dream again.
76561198117931485,Recommended,297350,15425242,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Submarine,Beautiful game.10/10 Background simulator.
,Recommended,297350,15416286,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,PhoenixSouls,"The game's perspectives.. the story's perspectives really does challenge and question a big deal of my views. But a refreshing change to the modern and conventional ""games"" that game developers are now clinging on to these days. I recommend it very much so. I would love the soundtrack of the game. I'd even happily pay for it as well. I recommend it if it wasn't for the story it's for the graphics and for the stress relief allowing you to take yourself away from the current problems of the world. Very good game. I'm never really into walking simulators or exploration but this is probably one of the best so far I've experienced in my entire life of gaming."
,Recommended,297350,15968666,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Tenurial,"First off, this game is a total mind ♥♥♥♥ for the first few chapters. Incredible world, great visuals, strange occurrences.Things settle down a bit come chapter 6/7, or at least I started to understand what was going on. Make sure to read all the notes and books, it fills in the story quite a bit. You may notice GUO factions matching real world events today, I thoroughly enjoyed that aspect of the story."
,Recommended,297350,16228305,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,poopshoe6,"The Old City: Leviathan, was everything I wanted in an exploration game, I enjoyed the narration and the subtle story line... My only complaint about the game is that it wasn't long enough and did not have enough areas outside to explore, The whole game took only 4 hours to finish and most of the places to explore were hallways. The soundtrack for the game is beautiful. I really enjoyed just chilling and walking around to the soundtrack. This game is a must buy if you enjoy relaxing and exploring places at your own pace."
,Recommended,297350,17012093,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,va1entin,"This game took me about 3 hrs to finish it. It is a mixture of adventure, walking simulator and visual novel. It is like Dear Esther but longer, with more to read and listen to and much more places to visit. Just the gameplay is the same as in Dear Esther. The story mostly consists of a man who is speaking about philosophical things while you walk through the levels. As somehow who learned English as the second language it was sometimes a bit difficult to understand everything because of the heavy use of rather complex constructions/rather long sentences or simply unknown words regarding philosophy. Still its absolutely possible to understand most of the story (at least via context) since there are subtitles and the speaker talks very clear with a nice sounding voice. I admittedly needed an 3rd party explanation after having finished to understand the game as a whole.All in all it was a very nice experience. Music, sound, atmosphere, spoken word and graphics are very beautiful. The game also supports very high screen resolutions which doesnt give me anything but is a cool feature for people with corresponding gear.If you like games like Dear Esther or the genres described above definitely get it! If youre not sure maybe wait for a sale but you wont regret playing this."
76561198053299524,Recommended,297350,30601366,Posted: 18 March,all,biegelk,"The stunning environments (which even my integrated graphics chip can handle somehow) and wonderfully tense atmosphere are really held back by the writing, which ranges from decent to terribly preachy and incomprehensible. The first 90% of the game is worth your time, but much of the voiceover sounds like it was taken from a freshman philosophy final paper written at 3 am the night before it's due. Which is a real shame--I enjoyed basically everything about this game aside from the writing. Overall, I'd recommend the game (especially for the price, $6 at time of writing), on the basis of the first ~8 chapters being great."
76561197979086478,Recommended,297350,14258550,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,ghostrails,"Continental Philosophy: The Game!...or maybe not. I don't mind admitting I didn't completely get what this game was trying to impart. Something profound about metaphysics, I think.Despite this, it's well worth a play if you liked Dear Esther, which it greatly resembles. It's a 'walking simulator' through and through, so you have to like the genre (and I do).At their best, the environments in this game are breathtaking - really inventive. Other parts look like a sewer level from Half-Life.Games of this sort often use the 'found book' method for exposition, and The Old City turns this up to 11. There are screens and screens of stuff - most of which I skimmed. Luckily, none of this is required for finishing the game (phew).  If you read all the books in Skyrim you'll be like a pig in ____ here :)"
,Recommended,297350,14140033,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,LIKEUCARE,"The Old City: LeviathanThis game can be summed as ""half walking simulator and half existential novel"",The game is very similar to ""Dear Esther"" and ""The Vanishing of Ethan Carter"". So if you enjoyed those games, you should really like The Old City: Leviathan.The quick analysis I can make of this game, without spoiling much, would be an examination of both the human mind and its ability to cope with the traumas and contradictions of life. It’s a rigorous examination of the worst aspects of being human.PROS:+Stunning visuals.+Amazing ambient soundtrack.+Good voice acting of the narrator.+Confrontations of the human mind psyche: not your average story of a game, Leviathan offers you a thought-out story. It can be difficult to understand but last I read, a WIKIA of the game is being made so if you seek pointers and tips, Google it up! I may have a look too anyway since I was a bit confused at times!CONS:-A few minor glitches on my two game startups. Once settings were set, game ran fine afterwards.-Pretty short for a game but the playtime is A-OK for a walking/exploration game!-Story can be confusing but like I mentioned earlier on the PROS, a WIKIA webpage is in development so more info upcoming!OVERALL:Confusing at times, this game deserves some attention. It dared to explore the deep human mind contradictions and that was an impressive work from POSTMOD SOFTWORKS!RECOMMENDATION:Absolutely! It may not be everyone's cup of tea as this game has little interaction besides opening doors and Solomon box collectibles but I still preferred this game compared to ""Dear Esther""! I would say it would be almost as good as ""The Vanishing of Ethan Carter"" but the latter has some more content and interaction to be done.RATING:7.0 / 10PS:Apparently, Postmod Softworks says on their website that The Old City: Leviathan is the first part of a larger story. I was pleasantly drawn into this game and I look forward to what comes next!"
,Recommended,297350,14172980,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Gojira1000,"This game - well, not a game, it's a piece of interactive fiction - surprised me. It is intelligent, moody and asks some very important questions and, most importantly, never forces an answer. It rewards introspection and thought, and would, I'm afraid, be crippled by a player in a hurry who refused to stop and read, examine and, most importantly, think.I hope this, and spiritual sibling The Vanishing of Ethan Carter, are hints of a genre that will grow."
,Recommended,297350,14021306,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Piggle,"This is one of the most beautiful games I have had the fortune to play, both visually and plot-wise. Well, in actuality, it is difficult to call this a game more than a journey. It is better described as a bridge between the worlds of literature and film, where the imagery isexperiencedand the story is left to be deciphered by the player. I recommend this game 10/10."
76561198094109196,Recommended,297350,13974399,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Alice,"Quite simply a beautiful game. Stunning, immersive environments coupled with a really effective soundtrack make for an engaging experience that is, in my opinion, worth every penny.As others have pointed out, at times the narrative is confusing bordering on nonsensical, but as I listened to and read through it, I felt like that was the point. The game opens with a warning about the state of mind of the narrator, and I think the writers did a good job of portraying this through his occasional input as you explore the world. Think Dear Esther, but even less coherent. Despite this, there is a somewhat discernible story which becomes apparent as you progress.One other point which people have raised is that there is no save function in the game. This is true, but I really didn't find it to be an issue because it only took me a few hours to complete the game in one sitting even with very thorough exploration of each chapter.Honestly, this game won't be for everyone, as is the case with most 'walking simulators' - though I have to say, I've come to dislike that term because all too often it's used dismissively as if to suggest that the game in question isn't a 'real' game. Games like this are a welcome change from those which hold your hand all the way through and point you straight towards whichever enemy you're supposed to shoot at next, and for that reason, so-called 'walking simulators' are fast becoming my favourite genre.Regardless of whether you've played games of this genre before, if you're open to the idea of spending a few hours just exploring a surreal but beautiful in-game world without any enemies or puzzles, get this game, set aside the time to play it all the way through and just enjoy the experience."
76561198057001381,Recommended,297350,20042073,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Joohliana,"The Good: Graphics (in outdoor areas), Sale priceThe Bad: I didn't care for the story, Wish it had a better soundtrack to keep me more engagedThe only real reason I'm giving it a postive review is the graphics. If it weren't so interesting to look at and explore, I'd probably would have given up. I wouldn't pay full price."
,Recommended,297350,20296902,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,sollymonster1901,simply amazing
,Recommended,297350,20246860,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,YaBoiLightWeaponsGuy,Why am I now question my entire existance and life after playing this? Green pipes/10 -IGN.
,Recommended,297350,20243106,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Pixel Ssh(ado),"This is one of the better walking simulators on Steam. Engaging dialogue and beautiful environments. Almost no repetition at all. Enjoyable pacing. Contemplative. Peaceful soundtrack.If you enjoyed games like Kairo, NaissanceE, Mind: Path to Thalamus, etc... then you will enjoy The Old City."
,Recommended,297350,20228465,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Black Wolf,"theres so much, but at the same time so little to this game. That is what makes it so amazing, i dont think i've ever enjoyed roaming around without a clue as to what my true objective is as much as i did with this game. i'd highly recommend it to anyone thinking about playing. it really makes you look inward throughout the whole game."
,Recommended,297350,20279512,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,emperor ninja20,"Now, this is my first trial of games called ""walking simulators"". I  will admit, it was a different experience.PROSThis game is gorgeous, beautiful. I ran it with a slower processor than called for, but most of the game still held up beautifully and I found myself wanting to see more, even when there was no more to see.The voice over was done well, the tidbits I found around the game were philosophical and did feel as if I was part of the conversation. The triggering of said monologues was odd, and I'm not exactly sure what sets them off. Decent job overall.CONSFor a game with no mechanic other than walking, I would have hoped that the walking was a bit faster. Of course I stopped to see the scenes, but without sprinting I'm sure my playtime would have been double what it is now. The normal speed is painfully slow.The hidden journals around the world contain notes that are incredibly dense. While interesting at first, they can degrade into what feels like Solomon's thesis being submitted for review. This became so bad that I didn't go past the second note.Many of the levels feel very obviously like simple forks. There is a path that leads to the exit and a path that leads to narrations. It became a trial of walking down one path, realizing that was they way I'm supposed to go, and subsequently going back to go down the other. Sort of annoying really.VERDICTWonderful game for one wanting to see the sights and wrangle with some philosophical thought. I'd say go ahead and give it a shot, but wait for a sale."
76561198059424638,Recommended,297350,20103078,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Flyingtick,"For the short amount of time I played this game, I feel as though my outlook is changed. Worth giving a try."
76561198053158585,Recommended,297350,24149870,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Gwynneth,"Hmm.  Where do I begin on this one?How I felt at the end:  Confused.  Interested.  Sad.  Melancholy, but oddly, satisfied.  Though, I wanted to see more - what happens next?  Hopeful... kind of.  Wishing I had seen other paths, but will wait a bit to try again.  Have to digest this first.How I felt at the beginning:  Wondered about all the Biblical words, yet the paganistic symbolism and what exactly that meant in the context of the game/walkthrough.  (I guess like the narrator inferred, it's kind of up to you as to what you think that all means in ""this guy's"" mind...)  Who's mind is this - one of the characters mentioned?  Is he dreaming?  Awake?  Crazy?  Completely sane?  Completely insane?  What happened?  Expecting someone to jump out and attack at any moment.  Am I doing this right?  Creeped Out!  Is this supposed to be the path of death?  Is he being pulled into hell or swimming out of it?  Is he dead or dying?If you want exciting fights and action, this is not for you.  If you don't mind delving into someone's personal philosophy, without a lot of contextual understanding, you may enjoy this.  This game has nice graphics, though a bit depressing sometimes.  Not much to interact with, though, you are kind of in someone's mind so there is not much need for it, except as they have presented it through many doors.  Vague enough that you are sort of parsing together a story as you go, which is an interesting concept."
76561198039292317,Recommended,297350,24260866,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,seul,just so amazing
76561198088049966,Recommended,297350,23202035,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Chris Wizzudz,A lovely little story about dreams. :)
,Recommended,297350,24046684,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Electraheart,Very literally one of the most beautiful games i have ever played.
76561198018929292,Recommended,297350,22854123,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,woodCAT71,"A walking simulator. Exploring ""game"". Good graphics design and narrative. A little slow pace. Kind of like Dear Esther.Other than finding story telling notes, don't expect any kind of interaction. When on sale, worth the money imo."
76561198042052301,Recommended,297350,23002636,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,TheUnbornSilent,8/10 Beautiful
,Recommended,297350,20915777,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,mochiinvasion,"pros: gorgeous setting and soundtrack, interesting and engaging story, rich worldbuildingcons: short, confusing if you don't know all the references (i  just looked them up)notes: my framerame got terribly the longer i played and the rende speed 9is this the right phrase?) was pretty rubbish"
,Recommended,297350,20849768,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Birdperson,"Before playing, make sure you have a basic understanding of religion, though don't be intimidated if you don't. I still found myself enjoying it."
76561198048339163,Recommended,297350,21068713,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,ksespeedfox,"Gorgeous and stunning game, the colors and the fantasy in the game make it the type of game you don't want to pass up. It's an awesome story. Thumbs up."
,Recommended,297350,21065112,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Doc_Moxis,"Not bad.Not that great but not bad.If you already like picturesque walking simulators I recommend it, otherwise I really can't.An OK introduction to philosophy I guess?Problem is it gets a little preachy about idealism near the end and oversimplifies everything else.The narrative is... cryptic.I only really pieced everything together by reading every note, you wouldn't have a clue whats going on if you just played it through.Also, the walking pace is _slow_ even for walking simulator standards.In the last half I found myself spending way too much time doubling back, getting back to where I was, finding the exit too soon and other problems.Aside from that, very beautiful.Gorgeous graphics and very nice voice acting, even if the actor was told to be a bit over the top."
,Recommended,297350,20739111,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,greenbean,"This is an interesting but very short game, less than 2 hours and that's checking out everything. Interesting becasue of the story, fair graphics and potential.  Pick it up if it's on sale as I say the developer has potential.  The game is single player, and lonely.  It was supposed to be a dream, but didn't feel dream like. At the end, when you reach your destination all you're given is a sigh, and black screen... was waiting to see an image of the old city, maybe with the sun rising or something.In FC3 and 4 there were so many screen shot moments, so check out the 3 I took becasue those are the best this game has to offer... while this would normally be a down vote recommendation, I give it a thumbs up for the small developer who put together a solid and complete effort.  The story, dialogue is where this game is really about, and for that it does make one think."
76561198014919104,Recommended,297350,20921882,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Dee(licious),RealUnrealSurrealNot RealSurrealUnrealRealThis is one of these games where you can't stop taking screenshots. Beautiful and terrifying at the same time. 100/10
76561198006849221,Recommended,297350,20886401,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,rjazz2,A visual novel about our future.
,Recommended,297350,16272831,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,slidingscail,picture a word tsunami
,Recommended,297350,22621182,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,❤_The_Dandere_Reaper_❤,"Oh my god.This game rocks.I've always been tht one weirdo you know that loves the soundtrack and surreal beauty of games like this. Sure, I like Oblivion, Undertale, etc., but THIS.The buildings and water are beautiful, the lighting is beautiful, the cloudy skies are b-e-a-u-t-i-f-u-l, and the music is justoh my god.I can listen to the title theme for 13 hours (I actually did that once!!) on end, it sounds like a lullaby, and some of the more intense tracks make my heart start pounding.I can relate very well to the main character ( I dunno his name - haven't gotten very far yet), and Solomon as well. The main character's depression kinda hit me hard in the feels...a lot.All in all, great game, beautiful soundtrack and visuals, and amazing story."
76561198118964314,Recommended,297350,22297744,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,cgr37712,"in short this game is beautifull, frustrating and confusing as ♥♥♥♥. I am giving this game a recomendation just because the world and enviroments that this game will expose you to is unlike anything you have ever seen, it is trully jaw dropping."
76561197993781278,Recommended,297350,22216940,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,EKSelenc,"A strangely intriguing yet unfinished game. It quite fits the 'masterpiece' description in terms of art-direction, however, a true feast for the eyes and ears.Still it's more a kind of sneak peek at something even bigger, which the developers would hopefully provide in time."
76561198069602281,Recommended,297350,22349773,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Anjo,"In this you do a lot of walking and reading.  Interaction is via the E key on a keyboard.  I tried using a conroller but was left feeling a bit dizzy.  When you do emerge from labyrinthine tunnels and corridors it feels amazing.  The voice commentary of the story teller is good.  I did not read all the signs and missed a few of Solomon's notes, but I gathered quite a lot from the text I did read.  There is always the option of diving into any particular chapter and exploring further.Overall I greatly enjoyed the experience.  After the 1st chapter I was hooked.  There is much to ponder over.  A worthwhile experiment."
,Recommended,297350,21507413,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Ercan Keskin TR,"A piece of art.Great story,philosophy and beautfiul lightning effects with fantastic scenery."
76561198031975325,Recommended,297350,21961453,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,adfl,"Think art, walking simulator and a mature out look. No it's not for everyone because it's art. If you're looking for a horror or fps....go else where.I'm walking this while stoned and or drunk next.   :)"
,Recommended,297350,22535838,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Jåda,"After roughly five hours of gameplay I still don't know what the game is about. What I do know is that I absolutely love it. Greatly recommended to philosophical minds, or just to anyone who would like a whole different experience"
,Recommended,297350,24449253,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,TinyLazerRaptor,"I'm not sure if I 'enjoyed' this game, but it left my head spinning with a bunch of thoughts and emotions. A number of the visual set pieces were utterly breath taking and the over arching story, although odd and difficult to actually piece together properly was pretty interesting. It's certainly quite different to other walking simulator type games I've experienced previously."
76561197998047561,Recommended,297350,24982027,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,M 008,Amazing atmospheric adventure experience. Excellent grafic design and charming surroundings.
76561198162306036,Recommended,297350,25169688,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,CyntHaf,"I really enjoyed playing this game, although a game isn't really what it is. It's more of an experience. The graphics are beautiful and the atmophere is dark and murky. There are no puzzles but you figure things out. Expect to get lost....a lot."
,Recommended,297350,24618574,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,BuckTheStar,"Very atmospheric, and the fact that your character can't always see what he should is a nice touch."
,Recommended,297350,25027428,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Sativlan,"Interesting story, beautiful landscapes."
76561198171717115,Recommended,297350,25155808,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,joe99501,Nice walk through story game. I loved the visuals and surreal world feel.
76561198069866870,Recommended,297350,24890493,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Tom,WOW! Extremely enjoyable.
76561197962277317,Recommended,297350,28267390,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,power,"I actually really enjoyed this, some solid ideas in a gorgeous world - worth it."
76561198024978908,Recommended,297350,28108410,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,KISU,"This game really deserves a thumbs up. There's so much to enjoy about it; impressive scenery, poignant music and enticing narration. But be warned: you will be disapointed. Not in what this game is - afterall it is still quite enjoyable - but at what it could have been.The game's biggest flaw is the poor writing and it's clear disconnect with visuals. The writing attempts to deliver a mysterious and intruiging narrative but the result is pretentiously wrapped inane babbling. I'm not hating on the narrator. He actually does a great job considering the writing he's working from. His tone and emphasis really manage to produce good product built from crap material.Another issue is that the level design leaves you with the sense of having missed out on content. It's often unclear which path is the route of progression and backtracking is slow and awkward. The result is you're left with the feeling that you might have missed something cool through the door you didn't open or around the corner of the path you didn't take.But don't let those two issues detract you from the great expierence still to be had here. There's a lot to appreciate in the effort that went into delivering the gorgeous scenery present throughout the game. Treat this as an explorative game and simply go for a wander and enjoy the sights and sounds. You've been warned though.. There is no interesting story to be found here."
76561198030408595,Recommended,297350,27267914,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,War Kid (PL),It's pretty short but amaizing game. It is realy focused on the story and when you get it you know you want to know more about this weird world and who you are.
,Recommended,297350,26485819,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Iiaeze,"'Mixed' sums up my feelings the best.Superficially, the game looks fantastic, has wonderful art direction and really nails that dreamlike feeling, and the OST only matches or exceeds that in quality. Production wise I have absolutely zero complaints, so well done on that front.It's the story where things get mixed. The atmosphere and general questions about the presented world are interesting and throughout playing I continually wanted more, but in terms of writing there could be some improvement. The game follows two protagonists, one being the avatar you control and another whose letters you find throughout the game. It's a simple enough format, but the prose throughout is needlessly complicated. I get artistic expression and language as art etc. etc., but once it sounds or reads like a college student trying to pad an essay, a line has been crossed. I suppose in some way it fits with the (heavily used in the game) concept of a minotaur and the attempt to navigate the maze that is the mind... but when the philosophy behind it all is neither groundbreaking nor detailed, the whole thing comes off as pretentious.Not to say that's an entirely bad thing. Yes, the concepts presented aren't actually new. Yes, much of the initial confusion is due to the developer's love of surface level symbolism. Nevertheless, the player is encouraged towards making their own thought, and while you likely have already considered questions such as 'is cruelty necessary?' in Critical Thought 101, is a revisit such a terrible thing?"
76561198009792744,Recommended,297350,33350918,Posted: 7 July,all,MythoBeanz94,I liked it though I didn't fully understand the story
76561197988490066,Recommended,297350,33615590,Posted: 17 July,all,Keeptrucking,"This is a slow moving walking simulator that requires you to read a good bit. It is not very easily accessible like most video games, and doesn't offer you a big reveal of a mystery at the end. like Gone Home.If you are open to a slow and brooding experience, it will leave you thinking. But don't ask your kid brother who likes Transformes to play it.Imo it's incredibly well made and well written. It left a lasting impression. I highly recommend it!"
,Not Recommended,297350,28319431,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Mr.Blue,"Im not sure weather to give this a thumbs up or down. It looked and played pretty good. But truthfuly I was having a hard time staying interested . It took me 101minutes to complete.  And all threw out that time, I felt like. When is this going to be the end. At this point I just wanted to make it to the end and turn it off. It wasnt horrible and I did finish the game but thank god i got it on sell"
,Recommended,297350,30253224,Posted: 28 February,all,^4W^7ar^4M^7achine,"beautiful, deep story, great controls, not sure why there is a zoom? but hey who cares.its a walk through simulator. I used closed caption and narrator, it was pretty cool otherwise it may be deemed an aggravating wasteland with no rhyme nor reason.Worth the 6 bucks thats for sure, but dont expect replay value or any reason to even finish it, if there is an end? :)"
,Recommended,297350,29711479,Posted: 4 February,all,A Humble Goblin,"A last minute purchase during the Winter Steam sale, The Old City: Leviathan is a beautiful, albeit strange, walking simulator of a game.For those wondering: this is not a horror game, but it makes use of its atmosphere brilliantly, to the point where I was walking around looking at the ground/with my volume way down low, because I wasn't sure if anything was going to jump out at me. Nothing did, thankfully, so never fear. From the grungy, post-apocalyptic over/underworld to the startlingly gorgeous dreamscapes this game has you walk through, atmosphere is something Leviathan does So Well.Unfortunately, that's about all the good I can say, because the actual story of this game is impossible to follow.I tried, I really did! I'm someone who really enjoys reading and understanding the lore of the world I'm in. But the story was extremely muddled and bogged down in unnecessary writing. I'm talking pages and pages of writing found in journals and posters found throughout the game. A lot of the writing should have been streamlined and, honestly, made simpler for the player to understand.I know this game has some biblical undertones, to say the least, but pretty much every journal I picked up in-game felt like I was talking to one of those 2Edgy4U atheist guys who tried to mansplain a thing to me. Too much talking, not enough explanation, just A LOT of words. The first journal I found was at least five full-length pages of a dead guy writing his thoughts down about his room.It was not good, to say the least.(Which is honestly a shame, because there were some really interesting concepts in this game! Especially the Minotaurs!)Once I decided to ignore the journals after a few failed attempts to get through them, I had a much better time of it.If we're being honest, the only reason I'm recommending this game is because of the cool environments and pretty decent voice acting. Ignoring the story completely, you're a person walking through a post-apocalyptic world who comes across giant creatures from time to time, which was really cool (and at times, properly scary!) It's worth getting through the world if you do it just for that.So if you have a few bucks to spend and don't know what to get, buy this during a Steam Sale! But don't expect too much from this game. It's a very pretty walking simulator with some creative level designs, but that's about the long and short of it."
,Recommended,297350,31497326,Posted: 1 May,all,Thorens666,"Such a gorgeous game. I mean, we have seen graphics like this elsewhere ofcourse, but the atmosphere and the level design are on another..well, level. Combined with excellent detailed sound design and music this experience grips you from the get-go. I was frantically reading and writing things down while I went further down this rabbit hole of meandering thoughts, and was left with so many questions which are going to keep me up at night.A very gripping experience, a must-buy for walking simulator fans. Explore at your own pace, find your own way and get immersed 100%."
,Recommended,297350,33901772,Posted: 30 July,all,Grognag,"First thing's first. This is not truly a game, more of an atmospheric, immersive experience. There's minimal interaction.Also, if you don't have a good grasp of philosophy and the like, you may want to move on. It goes into some fairly deep territory into the nature of belief and being human. There's a lot of imagery you'll miss if you're not interested in this sort of content.If you love this sort of stuff, you'll also love this. If you like nice aesthetics, this is also good. If you're after doing something besides enjoy an environment and read a ton of text on the walls, maybe skip. This is indeed a niche game and it will not appeal to everyone.But, for the record, I really enjoyed it. I also think that it's a very professionally done game. My only quibbles were occasionally getting stuck on things when I was walking. The walking is also somewhat slow but you *can* run by holding down SHIFT.It's also fairly short, but it packs a lot of stuff into its time. It feels a lot longer somehow."
76561197997030136,Recommended,297350,33867440,Posted: 28 July,all,Alysandir,"TLDR:An atmospheric, dystopian walking simulator with excellent visuals and decent pacing, held back by an heavily esoteric narrative. But given the modest price, I believe it to be a solid acquisition for the exploration enthusiast.Review:Old City: Leviathan is what I'm starting to refer to as a ""mood game,"" in that it's primary purpose appears to be to establish a mood for the user for the purpose of expressing an idea or ideas for consideration. That is, there isn't any real game play here: no puzzles, no combat, no strategy, not even a mystery to solve. You explore what is a fairly linear reality that has the trappings of a story, but is really a vehicle to discuss ideas about existence.Now, not being a philosophy major, I can't begin to explain the ideas being bandied about here - another review refers to them as ""pseudo-philosophy,"" and I have confess that there were plenty of moments where my eyes started to roll to the back of my head - but I imagine that there are far deeper thinkers than I, who would enjoy digesting the meaty narrative. If you've played the game, ""Everyone's Gone to the Rapture,"" to completion, the I would liken the themes of this game to the narrative of Rapture's final chapter (the observatory area); if you liked that, odds are you'll like this.For me, the highlight of Leviathan is its visuals, as it's an attractive game. But then, so was Rapture, which I did not recommend except to the hardcore walking sim enthusiast. So what did Leviathan do better? For that I think you have to look at both the level design and the movement mechanics:- smaller exploration areas per chapter, with a lot of labyrinthine twists and turns that keeps the user from plodding along in a straight line. Even if all you're doing is walking, it is more interactive to be turning and navigating than setting a focus on a point far away and walking straight towards it.- faster base walking pace and a jog mode for faster travel (although admittedly, the jog mode was barely faster than walking).- more things to draw the eye while walking, causing you to look this way and that, taking your mind off the actual walking part of the process. I think this also helps the experience feel more like exploring than merely traveling.I will also allow that I'm a fan of dystopian fantasy and found the surroundings both surreal and visually interesting, which helped keep me immersed.A couple key flaws you should be aware of:- there's a LOT of reading in this game. Some of it comes in the form of small notes you find tacked up here and there, but a significant portion of it is a rather lengthy journal that also happens to be very dry and esoteric. To me it felt disruptive to stop playing in favor of trying to struggle through the reading portions, when you're reading the same paragraph two or three times to try to understand what the journalist was trying to say.- the spoken narrative is of the same dry, esoteric nature, to the point where I had to stop moving and focus on what was being said to have any hope of understanding it (and that's with the subtitles turned on). Now, it could just be that I'm a moron; YMMV. But as a middle-aged player with a post-grad degree in the sciences, I can't imagine your average player is going to do a lot better with it.- you cannot save progress on demand. Saving is done automatically at the end of each chapter. I found this to be a minor annoyance, since the chapters are small enough that you aren't rushing to catch up to where you left off, but it's a curious design decision nonetheless.As for value for your money, I bought this at the full-price of $6 and got almost 5.5 hours of gameplay out of it; in my book, that's good value, and superlative value if you can get it half off."
,Recommended,297350,33994150,Posted: 3 August,all,steppenwolf,"Intriguing, it quite builds the atmosphere it tries to build. Atrium Carceri's music is masterful."
