user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198023304437,Not Recommended,298050,32006627,Posted: 27 May,all,Zhorge,"I played MOO and it was great.   I played MOO2 and it was outstanding with many, many, many, many nights up way, way later than I should of because 'just one more turn.'    M003 was terri-bad.Released to favorable press, the fact is this game is just dull.   Dull enough that I have just 37 hours of playtime since it was released over a year ago.   Making it worse, is that the navigation of menus and game assests like fleets, planets, etc. within the game  is tedious.If you're looking for a space-based 4X game, find a different one.    Stellaris is pretty good.  There are others."
,Not Recommended,298050,25137155,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Will pick sniper,"One can fix the bugs, glitches and even contents with enough patches. However, one cannot fix bad gameplay design decisions no matter how much one can pour its money and time. The new Moo is the prime example of the latter.I had been maintaining weapon mod list thread in the official Moo forum until I gave up on the game.This game massively suffers in three areas: combat, content, and game design which is terrible.I am not even going to talk about the tactical battle being real-time instead of turn-based, or staranes instead of free movements, because those issues are actually trivial issues compared to what I am going to discuss here.No, there is no tl:dr version. You can always choose to not read this.1) Combat :The fact is that you will probably feel have even less control of the units in the battle than the games like Stellaris and Endless Space. Only game that provides even less interesting and uncontrollable battle is Gal Civ 3, and Gal Civ series was already infamous for such lackluster battle.You will notice that you really do not have much control on the ship movements in ""AI assisted"" mode. You could try second option which gives you ""total control"" of the ships, which is nothing more than making ships basically immobile shooting turrets unless you order it to move. It's really badly implemented.A good ship movements example would be games like Homeworld, where the capital ships properly make formations (this game's formations are hardly formations except 'bonus' stuffs) while smaller fighters/bombers and smaller ships move around to flank the enemy in fluent way. Despite 2016 game, New Master of Orion provides worse battle than a game that came out in 1999.Also you will realize that you have no clue just how effective weapons or have no indication whether the weapons mods or special modules are actually working due to lack of the information. Even Stellaris provides a nice during-battle statistics such as damage, accuracy, and other useful stuffs. For Moo, this is very hard to tell due to fast nature of the tactical combat. One of the reasons why my thread was popular was that people have no clue whether the mod is working or not, and had to be manually tested each in optimal conditions.This is already a fatal flaw, since the Moo is not really famous for 4X elements, but rather robust tactical battles. By throwing away having good tactical battles, the game is already in mediocre category.Unfortunately, the combat is the least problematic of the three I mentioned.2) Contents :The game basically lacks contents. Even if NGO and Wargaming implement minor civs back in a good manner, the game still lacks a lot of stuffs missing. There is no governors, no interesting random events, pirates are half-baked, and the research tree feels shorts even if one can consider they have changed it to Civ style from binary choice method.The main cause of the problem is... well, starlanes. So what happened? Since NGO has chosen to go from free movement to starlane movement, suddenly there was no need for implementing techs like fuel and reactors. The problem is that those fuel and reactors took a large portion of Moo techs. Because NGO has not sufficiently added additional content to fill this void, the overall tech tree feels short and feel something is missing.Lack of governors and/or general are really missed features and most likely won't be ever implemented since it was NGO's decision to not implement in the first place.However, even this content issue is not the most damaging issue for this game. Again, people can change their minds and spend money/time to implement said features, or you can just suck it up since the game is a bit cheap, however....3) Game design :....One just cannot fix design issues. You cannot fix it with time and money when you have a wrong idea. Try make gold from dirt, no matter how hard you try for next thirty years, you cannot transform dirt to gold.This issue also unfortunately includes UI issues too. Here is copy-paste from my ""My verdict on new Moo."" thread regarding UI and micro-management issues caused by bad game design.There are so many unnecessary, tiresome micro in this game. I think the developers believe making the game micro-intensive would make the game more 'complex' or something. No, it doesn't. It just makes the game chore. Here are the examples of this super duper terrible amount of unnecessary micro.1) Pollution mechanic : The most insidious mechanics I've ever seen in any 4X games, literally. It is as insidious as Emperor Palpatine with his master's name ""Sidious"" implies. Basically, it works like this.""You MUST babysit ALL non-barren, non-volcano planets with sharp eyes or they will degrade, forcing you to terraform the planet again!""Seriously, when the number of the planets goes up 20+, this just makes me crazy all the time. You know, original Moo and other Moo clones have chosen much sane way (by just reducing total production output) to cut off this unnecessary micro-management, for a good reason.This pollution mechanic is perhaps one of the most discussed subjects regarding micro-management problem this game has, and yet no adjustment is being made.2) Population : Yet another micro-intensive element that does not have to.Even moving people around is challenging.Why we have to individually move them around to properly balance planet output?Why we have to make individual civil transport and disembark population individually in such tiresome manner? I mean for god's sake original Moo and countless of Moo clones got this one right a long time ago. There are just tons of unneeded and unjustified micro-management in population alone.3) Colony improvement/management : another crucial element that riddled with terrible micro-intensive-ridden stuffs.From EA1, we have been voicing about the fact that there are only 5 (what? why only 5? Just... why???!?) order slots available for planetary improvement building order, and the fact that we cannot make our own building order to save time in the late game.After 3 months this issue, like other micro-management issues, is rarely (more likely never) recognized despite the fact that this is the most crucial reason why people easily get 'tired' after several hours of the play. Watching a person playing this game in twitch is insanely boring and exercise in futility that forced me to turn off the channel, because of these insane, endless micro-management feast.After how espionage has been implemented, I have no faith that the micro-management issues will be ever fixed.(Reminder: this article was written in May. For more than 3 months these issues were never addressed.)Sadly, it turned out that most of these issues were actually intentional(!!) When someone actually asked why there are only 9 ship design slots available, the dev said it's intentional. Just like terrible pollution mechanics, such arbitary restrictions that cause massive increase of micro-management are all intentional (a.k.a ""features"".)This is actually a huge step back from the original Moo and Moo2. Even Moo2 had MORE building queue slots than this modern Moo. Yes, Moo2 had 7 queue slots instead of 5. Sad but true.So, are there any positives? Sure yes, the game itself is very polished (tho Endless Space is about as polished as this game), and super expensive AAA voice acting, and surprisngly competent AI (then again, the game itself is not that complex to begin with) but none of these can overcome such fatal flaws this game has, particually game design issues.Only saving grace is cheap price. At least Wargaming did not have balls to charge people AAA price for this game. It's only 30 bucks. If you can tolerate it, all power to you. But I'd recommend to spend money elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,298050,28139738,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,revkn,"Overall a nice game, brings a very cool nostalgic feel.However, locking races behind special editions and DLCs is just a no no from me, you just dont cut your game in half and sell it later, especialy when the DLCs are just races with no story, special features nor missions to follow.These new selling models that the gaming industry is adopting are just bad, I would not have bought this game if I knew they were doing this."
76561198037974003,Not Recommended,298050,25956983,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Romanfiend,"So I am re-writing my review after the latest patch and spending more time playing.The game is a lot better after this latest patch, a lot more fleshed out.  There are still issues that need addressed though.Pros:Voice work is amazingGraphics are incredibleThe technology tree is quite good.Here are the remaining issues and some are quite significant.1.  Limited tactical combat.  You cannot disable engines and shields, board vessels and steal tech.  This creates a huge disadvantage for races that have marine improvement perks over other things - it essentially removes a significant source of tech aquisition.  Races like the Myrshan and the Bulrathi in particular.  It also really removes an important dimension of the original game.2.  The antarans are game breaking - the way they attack is insane.  They simply create a massive fleet of small ships that essentially crashes the computer eventually.  Small ships are more efficient than larger capitol ships so mostly you die unless you do the same.  But you can control where they go because they will attack the planet that has most of your fleet.  Honestly it's nonsense.  if you get to the Antaran homeworld there are 61 ships - yet they can field a fleet of hundreds just to match a stodgy game mechanic.  Utter non-sense.  I guess random attacks of reasonable size was too difficult.3.  There doesn't seem to be a way to look at the specs of a ship after it is built.  Or to manually retrofit a ship once it is created.  You just apply a new build and that is it - cookie cutter style.4.  There is no way to set a rally point - this is just silly.5.  There seem to be nebulas and astroids everywhere - regardless of where combat takes place.  I attack a planet and there are nebulas and astroids in front of it.  Thats isn't a thing - stop that!6.  The victory conditions win screen is a huge letdown most of the time.  I was thinking of modding in the one from MOO2 because it was great.7.  The races are terribly unbalanced.  Thankfully you can do custom but still..8.  Finally anythign that makes marines stronger is essentially a pointless tech or perk.  The solution to your fancy marines is to just ""use more bombs"" - and since marines only get play in ground invasions this makes it a lot of investment for very little advantage.  Maybe you get a few extra turns while your litle marines get thier faces bombed in...Anyway - less of a crap sandwich but still very frustrating.  It just feels like the devs take too much for granted- and this more than anything bothers me - because the original makers were some detail oriented uber-nerds and these guys just isn't.do better."
,Not Recommended,298050,26237824,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,stretch611,"I like this game, I really do. The AI could use a little work, so can diplomacy, and espionage... but the foundation is there.While there are differences, the game does re-kindle my enjoyment of MOO 1 & 2. Fortunately with the new support system, there are no more 100+ ship battles to drag on for ever... I'm happy about that but, I understand if others are not.HOWEVER... Do not buy this game...  It is very buggy. For that reason alone I can not recommend it., If that ever changes I will update this.There are some major bugs in this game. And the ones affecting me are not apparent until mid to late game. Somewhere around turn 300-350 I will get a game crash after none in the early turns. I restart the game, load up a save and play... then I will get another crash in 5-20 turns later and they start increasing in frequency. Eventually, I will get a crash somewhere that repeats itself even after a fresh start/load game. I rarely make it past turn 400... and I have not been able to play a single game to turn 500... ever. IT IS EXTREMELY FRUSTRATING TO SPEND THE TIME BUILDING UP A GAME ONLY TO NOT BE ABLE TO FINISH IT. Only 2 games out of at least 2 dozen have I been able to actually win... 1 economic, and 1 scientific., But I turned those options of so that I can win by domination and it always bugs out before I can finish.The crash either goes straight to desktop or it builds up memory usage to 12GB slowing down my system before the inevitable crash. Sometimes it is on the diplomacy screen, or the system map... its random... (Though I have save games that will constantly crash in the same exact spot.) I have reported it through the in-game interface, but no real acknowledgement. I have tried running smaller galaxies and lowering my graphics to the minimum and neither help at all,I had to stop playing because the game ending crashes were too frustrating... Hopefully they will fix it in the future... but I am not holding my breath. Until then I wasted my $30 already... hopefully this review will stop others from wasting their hard earned cash as well.edited for typosUPDATE Dec 31, 2016...Well the bug that was causing me problems *might* have been fixed... There was a buffer overflow bug fixed in patch 51.2 released on Nov 1st. However that same patch introduced a new bug that wouldn't even let me load the main menu; the game crashed constantly before the menu would load.The main menu bug was finally fixed for me in release 54.7; 6 weeks later on Dec 7th. However, the graphics glitch was worse and the UI makes it unplayable. (example here:http://imgur.com/a/PWrhO)The worse thing is that they seem to never read the forums here... not even support... even on topics they start. The main menu bug in particular was reported by multiple users many times and they never even acknowledged the problem. (even though it made the game unplayable for over a month.) People commented in the release notification thread, there were 2 main threads in the support area, a ""known issues"" thread had comments about it, and a few in the general discussion area. As I said... not a single acknowledgement that the bug even existed until over a month later when it was fixed.People have complained about them still changing the gameplay now since release... I wish I could even comment... with all the bugs I have not been able to play a single game in over 2 months, and I still only won the 2 initial games despite trying many times.And for the record... this is the vanilla game, I have not used any mods. With all the problems I have had, I have used steam to check the integrity of the game files as well, and they have always been verified.They are now selling DLC packs... It would be nice if they fixed their game before they try to grab more money.At this point, with all the bugs (and there are a lot of them), when every update changes the mechanics and adds brand new bugs, the lack of developer response, or anyone in the forums, (even a simple acknowledgement from someone in the company... doesn't need to be an actual dev,) I can not and will not ever change my recommendation to avoid this game. Personally, I will not buy any game from these developers in the future either."
,Not Recommended,298050,21531272,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Sniper Fury,"I want to love this game, I really do, but it has some problems that need to be corrected or I see this going into my pile of 4x games that were only touched once or twice and never seen again. I am going to start off with that I do like and why followed by the big issues and what they need to do to correct this.1. Sound! Omg, I was smiling from ear to ear when I realized the music for the colony ship landing was the same from the original.2. Graphics are great and their attention to detail just amazes me, like having the ship’s path curve AROUND the star. The races are detailed and beautifully rendered.3. The UI is clean and unobtrusive. This is great because you get the whole galaxy as your backdrop.4. I love the colony manager and how they display your information, it is a great take on the MoO 2 mananger with a modern UI.I have enjoyed playing, but I can say the same for the countless MoO clones. Sadly like them I see this getting played for a bit until the combat becomes so bland I don't pick it up ever again, usually two to three games.1. Combat - The combat is real time and I have no direct fire control of my ships. Sure I can get into tactical mode where I tell them where to go and who to shoot but that does no good if I cannot control the weapons. I don’t want a real time combat, I wanted MoO turn based ship combat. Sure you could get bogged down in MoO 2 space combat if your fleets got really big at the end game but that is why you had AUTO. In MoO 2 you could make some really nuanced ships, and special variants, in this because of the ship combat AI you are forced to make brute force ships.2. Research - I love MoO 1’s research, you could play multiple games and get different techs each time. I only ever saw Hand Phasers once out of countless games. This made research unique and you were always checking in on the other races to find out what they got that you didn’t. Here I find myself making strange and unintelligible choices. Why must I choose between fusion bombs and fusion beams? This doesn’t make any sense, all it does is make an optimal research path that min maxers will figure out and share, it does not add variety.3. Range - There is no range mechanic. In the first MoO games you were limited by how far your fuel cells would let you go. A scout now however can go all over the galaxy and find everything and everyone. So instead of a gradual expansion moving forward and meeting aliens, you are thrust straight away into contact and have to start shoring up your solar systems at the Starlane warp points so you can at least hold on to some of your colonizable planets.4. It has been brought to my attention the 500 turn limit can be turned off. It is the Excellence victory condition in the Advanced Options menu. These options need to be labeled better. I am testing a game with the turn limit turned off. (update) I got far too bored and just stopped playing.5. Star lanes - These don't belong in a MoO game at all! Part of the tactics were worrying if commiting your fleet was going to leave you open at home. You could pick where and when to attack, now you just walk right into bottleneck after bottleneck after bottleneck. These need to go NOW. I had an anomoly pop up near my homeworld in my first game and I thought, ok without a star lane it must take a while to get to it right? Nope, one turn, one turn for a distance the same distance as the star lane going to the next star system. That star lane took FOUR turns. This makes no sense. These need to go.If you haven't purchased it already I suggest waiting. I would rather play MoO 1 or 2 before touching this one again."
76561198009404275,Not Recommended,298050,28155646,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Aroddo,"Don't bother.There is only one reason you'd be interested in this game: You liked Masters of Orion 2!Now the question: Is this MoO2 with modern tech?Answer: No!Space travel is completely different, since you travel by hyperlanes only. Combat is completely different, because it's in real time with no meaningful ability to interact.The original races and abilities are not all there, because it's more profitable to sell them as DLC!!In short: It's a different game that merely share's the name.In fact, you might as well take a look at this game: StellarisIt's also not MoO2 but better in about every way.The only thing this supposed remake has going for it is fluff: The races look pretty."
,Not Recommended,298050,26361361,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Wildfire,"I played the original MoO back in the day and had a lot of fun with it. When I saw this remake on a friend's computer, I knew I had to buy it.I enjoyed this game so far and continue to do so. But I cannot, with good conscience, recommend this game in its current state. If it were possible, I would give a neutral rating. Since it isn't, I'll go with ""Not recommended"" for now.My first impression was positive throughout: Great visuals. Animations are smooth and pleasant to look at. The interface is clean and intuitive. Not so impressed with the music (repetitive), but in general sound is well done.For me, the biggest nitpicks started to show up, once I was well into the game (500+ turns). Most of them are minor, but they add up and leave a bad impression.# Performance / ResponsivenessSpecs:- 16 GB RAM- Core i5 3570K @ 3.4 GHz- RX 480 8GB VRAM- 500 GB SSDTurns at this stage (500+) can take anywhere from 60 to 90 seconds. This in itself is not an issue and quite as expected. But, during most turns the game will often freeze for 10 seconds or more. Complete standstill. Animations (e.g. CPU bombing a planet) will often lag or freeze. I've even had cases of Windows offering to kill the app before it continued running.Even after a turn completes, the game continues to be slow for some time. I estimate it takes about 30 seconds before responsiveness is ""back to normal"". Even then, CPU load varies between 40-60%. Yes, planets rotate, moons orbit, routes animate, etc., but it still feels a tad too high.This may feel like a RAM issue, but this even happens on lowest details (~3 GB RAM usage). On maximum details the game will take ~7GB, which is still way below my system specs (16 GB). Switching from maximum to minimum seems to make no difference in terms of lag either. Neither do I see any particular CPU activity during these freezes.Example: When another race contacts me during their turn, the animation will often stutter or freeze. It can take 10-20 seconds before I can make a choice and leave the dialogue. Clicking too soon can even crash the game.Note: None of these issues started to manifest themselves until late game. The game ran smooth as butter, even when all seven races were still present (I'm down to three, going on two).If you have a large number of planets, events each turn can stack several screens high (I have 180 colonies). There is no way to filter or group these events. Neither is it possible to disable uninteresting ones. This late into the game, I don't care which planet has grown or which building got completed. The ability to disable some of these notifications would help a lot. The sheer number of them makes you miss the important ones (Oops, my planet is now poisoned).On top of that, the game seems particularly slow until you dismiss excess notifications. By excess I mean notifications outside the visible screen area. And if you dismiss them too fast, the game tends to lag and freeze (again).The ""Empire"" list also starts to slow down considerably at this point. I feel that sorting a list of 180 entries shouldn't be this slow. Neither should scrolling. On top of that, some of the entries in the list are starting to miss icons (e.g. current production). If I would be running out of RAM, ok, but I'm not (see above).Clicking on large fleets (150-300 ships) also tends to freeze the game for a second or two. Which is to be expected, since it displays an icon for each ship, even at this size. Which brings me to my next issue:# Fleet managementHandling large fleets is cumbersome. If you click on a fleet you get a grid of icons, one for each ship. Let's say you want to split a large fleet into two. Left click each ship you want, then move them somewhere else to form a second fleet.You get to see total number of ships, but not the number of ships per type. Neither do you see how many ships of each type you've currently selected.Want to split a fleet down the middle? Better start counting how many of each type you've currently selected. Tedious. Now add in lag, and the ability to misclick and deselect everything. Frustrating.It would be much simpler (and faster?) if the game started to group ships by type once your fleet reaches a certain size. Alas, it doesn't. How about dragging an dropping such a group to form a new fleet? Nope. How a about right-click drag to extract a certain number of ships? Nope again.It's not like these are new concepts. A lot of games where you handle large stacks of items have these kind of controls. Yes, this is a remake but if you upgrade graphics to the 21st century, why not input concepts along with it?Speaking of fleets, I tend to lose track of them. The ""Fleets"" view is just a list of any fleet anywhere, so it doesn't do much to help keep track of particular fleets. The ability to name fleets or place them on hotkeys would help a lot. Right now I'm constantly hunting down my attack fleets each turn, to make sure they attack.Oh sure, the game reminds you to move idle fleets. But a fleet that is en route to some distant planet will completely ignore any other enemy planet on its route. So you have to pay attention and make sure to attack each turn. Or move a single planet per turn to make sure you get a ""fleet needs orders"" reminder.Speaking of long routes:Even if you are at war with another race, your ships will always take the safest route. My 200-ship-strong attack fleet would rather fly 15 turns to reach a planet, rather than blasting their way through defenses to reach said planet in 3 turns. It would be nice to have a ""shortest route"" option, because such roundabout routes aren't always obvious. Or how about an attack-move that takes you to the planet, attacking anything that tries to stop you on your way? No?# Mass managementIn general anything ""mass management"" is lacking. Which makes late game more tedious than it needs to be. Want to find all planets that have a particular building and scrap it?- Click on planet- Click on Manage Structures- Filter the list- Click on the building in the list- Wait for the planet's rotate animation to complete- Click on ""Scrap""- Click on Done- Click on Next Colony- Rinse and repeat 180 more timesWant to find all planets that are missing a certain building? You guessed it... manual click and search.# ConclusionDon't get me wrong here, the game has great potential. I enjoy the nostalgia, the look and feel, the well made animations, the voice acting. If the game was otherwise great, these would make it perfect.I don't mind the (somewhat) broken fight mechanics and fleet-strength estimations too much. Though I feel more tactical, round based, fights might be a plus.The lack of polish and the myriad of papercuts in other areas are what break it for me. I could live with long turns (to a certain extend). But lag, freezes and stuttering to this extend is just unacceptable. What on earth is the game doing (while it should be idle) that causes so much input lag in late game?On top of that, the total lack of fleet management features makes a military win exhausting to the extreme.Give me a minor performance upgrade and some tools to simplify mass management I'll be happy. Until then, I don't feel like I can recommend this game."
76561197986083748,Recommended,298050,21454730,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Matt Cason,"One of my most enduring memories as a young PC gamer was sitting in front of my old 386 well into the early morning hours playing Master of Orion.  I still have my old floppy discs for it, and the manual which was absolutely necessary to pass through the regular security checks the game ran to prevent piracy.  And it was a masterpiece, one only exceeded by Master of Orion 2 in the canon of space 4x games in my estimation.  After the absolute travesty that was MOO3 I thought we would never have another one to rival the first two.Until now.This game is EARLY ACCESS.  That has to be emphasized.  There are races not yet available for play (The Darlok, Klakon, Meklar, and Silicoids), I've had one solitary CTD, and a few graphical glitches here and there but on the whole this is already an amazingly polished title with astounding voice acting (by such luminaries as Mark Hamill and Alan Tudyk) and gorgeous graphics.  I enjoy just sitting on the main game map, watching the stars twinkle and shine, the nebulae shift and flux, and my ships flying through the space lanes with a massive bow shock in front of them as testament to their faster than light speed.This is the first game since the old MIcroprose days to capture the FEEL of Master of Orion.  Everything about it is immersive, from the extraordinary animations for the alien race leaders you meet, the constant chiming in from your advisors (some of which are voiced by big Hollywood names ... hearing Alan Tudyk as the Psilon advisor just makes me smile every time he speaks up).There is no proper campaign at this point, but plenty of open, free space to play around in, conquer and be conquered in turn.  You can play a game from beginning to end already, through conquest, diplomacy, research, economic might, and several other victory conditions of your choosing.  The game map on Medium or Large is huge, and I know there was some concern that it was only going to contain, at maximum, 100 or so star systems but believe me when I say that at the pace this game plays that is an ideal number.  It feels as grand as games offering thousands of systems to conquer and plays at a more thoughtful pace requiring more attention to detail (unless you automate production and let the game do it for you, which is an entirely viable strategy, focusing your own attentions on matters of military and diplomacy as your governors churn out buildings and units like there's no tomorrow).I had some concerns about the ship design system.  There are still aspects of it not in game, but I will tell you straight away that it lacks the complete customization of a game like the GalCiv series.  You won't be putting together the building blocks or your ship here, choosing from hundreds of hulls and nacelles and fiddly little bits.  But it still manages to be intensely satisfying, with lots of graphical bells and whistles (I especially love the Psilon ship designs which harken to the flying saucer days of 1950s alien conspiracy theories).  I felt no great lack of customization in the end and the polish on these ships outshines much of what players could manage on their own.  I suspect there will be more hull designs to come, more options to choose from, but again it is still Early Access.In short, if you loved the original MOO or MOO2, if Civ5 was your cup o tea, or if you relish getting stuck into the kind of gaming experience that will have you plastered to your PC for hours without a break and every minute of it spent feeling like you ARE the emperor of a burgeoning space-faring race out to charm, deceive, or otherwise conquer all who dare to raise a laser cannon or tachyon beam against you ... this IS the game you've been looking for.For all the supposed successors to Master of Orion that have come and gone over the last 20 years, this is the first one to do it justice since MOO2.  What Wargaming have made is a clear labor of love and it retains enough of what made MOO the father of the 4x genre while blessing it with enough that's new to bring a much-loved franchise into the 21st Century.Buy it.  NOW.10/10"
76561197999798999,Not Recommended,298050,25219100,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,RusticWolf,"As a longtime fan of Master of Orion 2, I had, and will have, high hopes for this game, at this time though, it's a frustrating slough through the bugs to get to a good game.The good:The alien races in the game have a loving polish to them, each one has a life to it that is both amazing and imaginative, and the acting talent that was tapped for this did a bang up job.The game is beautiful, more than just an update, there's a streamlined if simplistist look to a lot of the buildings and ships that doesn't detract.The sheer size on the Guardian is definitely appropriate.The Bad -No governors -  noone to run your planets or you fleets for bonuses, as this became more or less a staple of the series since the 2nd game this oversight is glaring.1/2 the races -  holding the topic of weither there was overlap between the old races aside, having a galaxy that diverse with aliens gave more than what's on offer here.Random events -   where are they? having played several games thus far, the only things that seem to occur are the occasional population boom and a random monster sparingly,  which brings me to my next point -No Antarans -  These are THE signature bad guys of the series, the boogie man that puts everyone in the game in check, and they are gone, a footnote to the rest of the game.  Not having this enemy has cut out one of the defining features of this series.  The frustration I will feel if this was held aside to be DLC down the line, I Will pursure a refund, time played be notwithstanding.The Ugly,Want a spacestation that repairs itself after a fight? nope, hope the shields soaked it,Want to see the shield and Health of your ships each fight without reloading the game after one fight? Definitely not here.How about not getting softlocked by the space ameoba because it doesn't actually destroy your ships? sorry, maybe next time.The other alien races are allowed to shoot my scouts down for free, no warning, not at war --- What!?Colony ships too --- ......My fleets as well if I blockade a jump pointall of the above doesn't trigger war either.noncombatant ships are a part of the fights if attached to the fleet ---  I really want to know who signed off on this design choice.Yes, I am giving a lot of flak over these issues, and I feel it's duly deserved because they pushed the game out to full release with these bugs very much in the game and apparent.  A lot of how I would command my fleets in a fight depends on how much damage I see going out versus what I recieve, having to reload the game every time to see this is ridiculous.  The numbers you'll see for damage still appear, but without a total health indicator they offer no idea how well or not your fleet is doing.Finally, if anyone feels I'm making unjust comparions to Master of Orion 2,  This company aquired the license to make this game using the IP, the comparions are I feel fully justified for this reason.tl;dr - can't recommend until the bugs are squashed, and feels like 2/3 a game compared to Master of Orion 2"
76561198030998467,Recommended,298050,28887512,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Dr. Zaius,"About the bad reviews:Many bad reviews are from persons who wanted this game to give them the same feelings they had playing the orginal Master of Orion twenty-three years ago and/or Master of Orion 2 twenty years ago.  If you are wise, you know trying to relive the past is a fool's errand.Some complaints in old reviews have been subsequently been addressed by the developer.  For example, the addition of leaders and minor civilizations, and updated espionage and polution management.Complaints about publisher funding continued development of the game through DLC are just plain foolish as they ignore the question: Does the base game provide a complete experience without any DLC?  Yes, it does.The leader animations and voice acting are outstanding - some of the best in any 4x game released to date.  The other visuals, music, sound effects are excellent.The user interface is well designed and easy to navigate with mouse and keyboard.  Most icons have tooltips and it's rare you have to drill down for the information you need.Gameplay (the important stuff):Overall gameplay is a little simpler on average than 4x games such as Galactic Civilizations 2, Endless Space, Civilization 5, and Endless Legend. This allows Master of Orion to be more approachable, but there is depth for vetern players who choose to micromanage and min/max certain aspects of the game.  More on this below.Races: You can build a custom race superior to the built-in races if you design it to fit your playstyle.Reserach: The tech tree is laid out in a traditional horizontal scolling Civilization format, except that many nodes force a choice between two advancments.  While not ground breaking, it's satisfying and allows for different choices on each play through.  Too many nodes focus on military, and not enough advance infrastructure.Colony: You can micromanage population assignments and build queues in each colony or automate it by setting a colony focus and turning on autobuild.Ships: As you research new military techs you can choose to automatically update ship blueprints or completely customize the weapon, defense, engine and special equipment loadouts of each design.Battle: You decide how involved you want to be in battles and how fast you want them to resolve.  For the best result in a close match, you can take control RTS style and command each ship individually.  If you like to enter battle with overwhelming force, you can let the computer call the shots and watch the carnage play out or simply auto-resolve and go back to managing your empire.AI/Diplomacy: No 4x game has satisfying AI opponents, and Master of Orion is no exception.  But the AI is not erratic - most decisions fit the goals they are pursuing - and there is transparency in that mousing over an opponent's disposition bar shows the factors contributing to their relations with you.  One exception - the Meklar - can be erratic; however, since the word is part of their race description, it may be by design.Minor Civilizations can have a significant impact.  They don't spread from their home planet, but offer bonuses to other planets you colonize in their system if you pay to influence them.  For example, I colonized two planets in a system with a minor civilization specializing in farming.  These planets quickly became my fastest growing as the minor civ provided all the food they needed while they focused on resesarch and production.Trade: Sadly, almost non-existant.  You can establish highly profitable trade treaties with other civiliations, but there are no trade ships plying the star lines.Random events, such as space monsters, and periods of research or economic boom or bust, seem to be direct copies from MOO2.  Artifacts spread through the galaxy can be investiaged by your ships, but so far these have mundane results, earning a few credits or a random ship.The timeline graph found in many 4x games, to show your progress in comparison to other civilizations, has a very cool feature in Master of Orion.  You can use it to go back to any turn in the game.  Made a huge mistake and forgot to save?  No problem, click any turn on the timeline to start again from that point.For almost a year now, the developer has deployed patches every two weeks on average, including fixes, balance changes, and free new content.  That is an outstanding level of continued support and development.Master of Orion is worth the purchase price of $30, and on sale it's a bargain.  It has the flavor of the original Master of Orion games, but doesn't try to recreate the past.  It's easy to jump into, with additional depth for those who want it."
76561197976719059,Not Recommended,298050,22593669,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Exultant,"Master of Orion is a shallow experience.Here's the TL;DR of my lengthy review as of the latest patch(4/23/16):Although it is in Early Access and most developers and fans will insist there's time for change, the game's core mechanics seem finalized, and it is those core mechanics that are deeply flawed, making for anunsatisfying,unoriginal, andpoorly executedexperience. Unless you are a casual player, I do not recommend this game.If you're still reading, you're probably curious to know why I feel this way. Let's start with what Ithinkthose core mechanics are, and what makes them deeply flawed. There are three, and you've seen them before in other, better games:Planetary managementResearchCombatI don't believe diplomacy is a core mechanic, and I am fairly confident it willneverbecome one, as spending just a few minutes in-game will show you how easy it is to abuse negotiations, and how illogical--and obnoxious--the AI is; ineverymatch I've played (single/multiplayer) the AI demands credits from me, regardless of our relationship or my behavior, and if I fail to appease them, war is soon declared. If you've played even a handful of other 4x titles, this should sound quite familiar.PLANETARY MANAGEMENTPlanetary management consists of dragging and dropping colonists across three lines of resources: research, food, and production. The resources earned every turn depend on the planet type and the planet's modifiers (mostly positive, and a few negative), mid/late-game research, and specialized buildings, but consecutive colonists in a line provide diminished returns on resources. At a glance, it might seem worth it to distribute your colonists in a balanced fashion, but as a resource, food is overwhelmingly powerful, and as the research tree is terrible (technologies impact your empire in a lopsided manner) there's almost no reason toeverassign colonists to research over food or production.Food is overwhelmingly powerful.The turns needed to produce new colonists from food are on a relatively linear curve, meaning that the sooner you start massing food, the sooner you cap out your colonists. There is no ""soft"" cap on your colonists, only a maximum that the planet can support; you'd think that certain buildings would be required to steadily increase how many colonists you can sustain and provide for--especially on inhospitable planets--but the developers opted instead to determine that ""hard"" cap from a planet's size, not from it's structures, and reduce the available food on those inhospitable planets. This means that it is still desirable to colonize small worlds; in other games, small worlds are undesirable, as many turns/credits are needed to build/buyout structures which increase the population cap.Terraforming a world can increase the maximum colonists that it can support, and a handful of late-game technologies can be researched that also increase this maximum (it is important to note that these technologies apply toallof your worlds), but the turns needed for these two things are substantial, and typically the game is decisive by the time they're available to you.The only reason a player might be inclined tonotmass food is the dimishing return, but this penalty is minor, and unless it is tuned to become quite severe, it will remain irrelevant. Immediately prioritizing food will make your worlds much, much stronger in far fewer turns than opponents who do not. Some of you might be saying that I am mistaken, that prioritizing food means you're sacrificing something critical elsewhere, like system defenses or ships, but considering the poor design choice of star lanes and scanners (structures that reveal incoming ships), you have potentiallydozensof turns to adjust your production in response to threats. And since you will be earning more credits per turn than otherwise, you can afford more and earlier buyouts.If structures were required to increase the cap on your colonists and/or they tuned the diminishing return on food, it could allow for more diverse gameplay. Unfortunately, that is unlikely to happen, as the bulk of gameplay is tied to what you research, and as I said earlier, the research tree is terrible.RESEARCHThe research tree is terrible.The majority of it feels required, not optional, leaving little room for experimentation or alternate strategies. There's a clear meta. This problem is compounded by the incredible number of prerequisites required for each successive research.You replace newly unlocked technologies--particularly for ships--with even newer ones before the effects of the former are even felt; it is possible to have your newest ships become nearly obsolete after only a handful of turns. Considering how long it can take ships to travel across your controlled systems, they're unlikely to even see combat before becoming obsolete. This happens constantly throughout all stages of the game, and keep in mind that I never prioritize research; I unlock technologies at a slower rate than was intended.Few technologies feel satisfying. The developers had some technologies that were binary; you chose one or the other, and that was it. In the most recent patch, the developers changed a substantial number of technologies to binary. This would be an issue if not for the fact that you can get an upgraded version the technology you didnotselect in theverynext research, making that previous choice completely pointless. This happens constantly throughout the research tree.Outside of structures that modify your resources, the bulk of what you earn from the research tree feelsunderpowered. This is constrasted by extremely overpowered technologies scattered in the tree, like the battle pods, or an empire-wide reduction in the production needed for structures and ships. Some technologies should require a minimum number of research-oriented structures before they can be unlocked--at least then I'd be penalized for not focusing on it, and players who do feel satisfied when they're given those overpowered technologies.COMBATSpace battles are attrition-based and entirely unengaging, and the AI controling your ships (enabled by default) is atrocious.This is how a battle begins: each fleet deploys on the far side of a randomly generated field. There is often debris, like asteroids, in the field. When you un-pause (battles are paused by default), your ships immediately move towards the enemy fleet, regardless of their equipped weaponry, and they immediately fire any weapons that are in range. I have watched so many battles (spectating combat is only available in singleplayer) where a salvo of missiles fly right into an asteroid. Fire that gunner, please. If that doesn't happen, the salvo destroys an enemy ship. Because missiles have the longest range of any weapon, the first salvo effectively determines the battle. Fully armed, every generation of ships I produce equipped with missiles is guaranteed to destroy at least two enemy ships. There is no reason to equip any other kind of weaponry, especially when you unlock a ""special"" for your ship that gives missiles secondary targets.Point defenses and weapon modifiers that take up more space within your ships are either unimplemented or a waste; and even if they were neither of those two things, the AI that brings your ships into what is basically melee range completely removes any advantages they might offer. Why do my missiles need more speed or armor when they're being fired point-blank? Why does my ship move into melee range in the first place?I don't have enough characters to further explain the other lacking aspects of this game."
76561197999700120,Not Recommended,298050,32140909,Posted: 2 June,all,Icefx3k,"Not faithful to the original.Combat is cludgey, and non intuitive.Tech decisions don't really seem to matter.All in all this fails at the core concept of a 4x game which is additionally dissapointing considering the greatness of its predecessors."
76561197970495239,Not Recommended,298050,23695597,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,FourteenFour,"Currently not impressed. At this current time the developer refuses to tell buyers if there will be tactical combat for multiplayer games or even custom races allowed in multiplayer. Worse, if your friend buys the game off a different retailer they cannot play with you, both have to use the same source (Steam/GOG). Granted tactical combat is just pathetic, you have very limited control and the maps will have  nebulae and asteroids at random times with no relation to the system you are fighting in.For a game out of beta and into its fourth Early Access it is dreadfully buggy to the point the developers had to remove features they could not get to work. Their AI skills are so pathetic that the pirate faction in this game whose tech never improves will completely befuddle the AI opponents.The Technology tree is very unimaginative with a number of higher tier technologies that cost more to use than lower tier with similar or actually lower reward. The ship customization is so constrained as to remove much of the flavor long time players of MOO2 associate with the title. Then to top it off with a tactical combat engine that makes it near impossible to determine what you are fighting and how well your designs really are. Oh, may of the weapon modifications still don't work but the developer will never tell you which as even they don't know.However the worst feature of the game is galaxy generation. While you can set your own random seed you will find a galaxy generator that cannot even offer real balanced starting conditions when told to do so. Even in huge galaxies you are just as likely to start one  star system away from an opponent or six. Worse, it is almost guaranteed that two or more opponents will share adjacent systems at start instantly eliminating those  AI opponents as effective.tl;dr This not WarGamings best effort, while better than World of Warplanes its evident the programming team they hired out of Argentina has neither skill nor discipline in bringing such a storied franchise to life properly"
,Recommended,298050,21451248,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,emp456,"First mini-review after almost 2 hours playing:+Stable+Beautiful (playing at 1980 and all ultra settings)->i mean 1920x1080 lol+About 80 techs already in+TV news system to tell you about universe achievements and scores+No major bugs until now (just a minor bug when creating designs, but you can create it without problems, it's just text related)+Copy from past MOO lore-Realtime battles (just my opinion, i prefer turn based although you can pause the battle here)-No leaders/governors as in MOO2-Seems there is only 1 universal type of government-It lacks a lot of info popups and a tutorialBut this is EA (Early Access), so except for the realtime battles, the rest can be added and polished. Until now, a very good experience and a game that is so stable that seems already finished (if you don't look at those missing features i talked about, ofc)Really impressed, for now. I will update this after more hours played and more exploration done."
76561197982627177,Recommended,298050,21452405,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Jumbik,"***tl;dr ***Wait for the full release. Game is unfinished, unbalanced and too easy at the moment. Buy only if you A) Want to support the developers or B) Want to experience all the patches that will come untill release. At this time the game will give you about 10 hours of fun before you will realize that it needs to be finished to give you about 100+ more. It plays well though and I like it a lot.*** See the bottom for updates. ***First impressions from Early access, review will follow when the game will be released.If you cannot bare bugs, strange behavior and missing depth to some parts of the game elements then DO NOT buy this game yet, except you would want to support the developers.If you are a 4X fan in general:* This game is a lot like Endless space when it started, but has a lot more potential. The tactical combat mainly is going to be better in my opinion due to the possibility to control the ships. The production values overall are higher.* Game lacks depth at the moment which is coming in few months I hope but is very well playable now. I will repeat myself here; the game is very similar to how the Endless space was at launch.* The art and voice overs are TOP quality. Music reminds me a lot of Star Trek for some reason.* Graphics are OK for a 4X game but in my opinion the ship models could use some work, especially at the strategic layer.* If you want to experience full depth and engaging game from the start then you should wait a bit... I suppose the game will be feature full in the summer.* Strategic game is turn based and tactical combat is RT with pause.* Map options are limited at the moment. Map size, difficulty and number of races mainly.* If you like 4x games in general then you will most probably like this game too. The gameplay is fluid and quite fast, no HC micromanagements at the moment.If you are core MOO fan and ""old school gamer"":* If you are expecting a graphically updated MOO 2 then you will be disapointed. This game is going to be a bit different. This is in no way a clone of the old MOO games. It uses the same basic structure but the feel to it is not the same.* Game is not finished; you can see it mainly in tactical combat which is lacking a lot. And the combat is not turn based (maybe it will change?).* Research and race stats are done differently than in MOO2.* No NPCs yet.* The voice overs can be a bit annoying if they will not fit your ""expectations"" from how you have imagined them in MOO2 for example.* This game is, in my opinion, for new generation of players. It will have a lot in common with MOO2 but will never be the same...I like how the game is looking now and what potential it has so I recommend it in general but be careful here. Even though it fits my ""needs"", it may not fit yours. Do a bit of research and watch a lets play on youtube first.*** Updates: ***10 hours inSo after playing a bit I've found following things that will be worked on most before the release, or at least I hope so.* Espionage is missing at the moment, but the foundations are there. You can build and research upgrades for your spies.* Ground combat is a placeholder at the moment. No armies battling at the moment, only simple explosion animations.* Tactical combat is a bit better than ground combat but it's still a place holder too.* No story at the moment as far as I can tell.* Races are not complete, the racial stats are too simple at the moment to be considered finished.* No race specific tech at the moment.*** Developers update about upcoming changes in Early access: ***Some of the features that will be added during other Stages of EA.More Playable RacesCustom RacesEspionageNew victory conditionsMinor Races / Independent planetsLinux and Mac SupportSome of the features that we will improve are:MultiplayerShip DesignTactical BattlesThe tutorialThe Galaxy generationBalance in general*** Early access phase 2 update ***A lot of thinks added, fixed, adjusted, but still a lot is missing. Game is still suffering from missing key features like espionage, better research tree and rase diversity."
,Not Recommended,298050,29963611,Posted: 16 February,all,▀▄ Doc✪Greystone ² ▄▀,"EDIT:One of the worst game experience I've ever had. MoO was given to NGD studios which had no experience in making 4X strategy games. And then they left 2 month ago leaving behind an unfinished game.It is not only the total failure of space combat which I discovered first, there are zilliion of things, from missing informaton about own units, huge balance issues, bugs bugs bugs, and an AI who is totally sucking. NGD tried to learn along the way of making their first 4X game but when Victor Kislyi pulled the plug ... everything left ever since in the state. This game should still be early access. When I am playing MoO I discover so many issues, that I spend much more time in the forum reporting and describing issues and looking for a solution fo them. Leaning back and enjoy a game is something different...The game has a great awesome potential but in the present state I can *not* recommend this game.There are heavy issues (quasi non-existing multiplayer, bad game design aspects which lead that you have to colonize a lot of small planets rather than a few large planets and therefore you lose yourself in mid and end game in too much colonies with too much details instead of having only a few strong planets and clear overview and your head free to think about strategy and decisions instead of doing tons of micromanagmentg - examples for that: growth penalty on large and huge planet and pollution penalty on large and huge planets with big population and strong industry - many small planets with in summary same strong industry suffer not the same pollution penalty, then bugs bugs bugs, a ton of heavy balance issues resp. AI stupidity - even on the hardest difficulty you beat the AI at first attempt, and the developers from NGD studos have abandoned the game, not a word from them and from Wargaming (who has the intellectual property of MoO)  since two months.One of the big things is the TOTAL FAILURE OF SPACE COMBAT: The AI is not shooting back if you keep your distance:With a weak ship you can destroy much bigger KI fleets: You use missiles and the AI only uses beam weapons (which have a shorter range).  If you keep your distance you can fire missile after missile after missile while the KI fleet does not fire a single shot back - simply because ther weapons are out of range and they dont build fast ships to quickly bridge the distance.You dont have to research and build good ships and weapons and shields, armor etc. and build huge armies, if a single weak ship with some lousy missiles is enough to win vs KI even on the hardest difficulty.THIS IS A TOTAL DEAL BREAKER!Furthermore there is no up-to-date manual and apart from the new stuff in the outdated manual even many of the older things are not explained e.g. that population on small planets growth faster (that is a pretty important thing which you might easily miss to discover if you don't know it), how armor penetration and armor resilience is working (these two terms are in the short tutorial - but missing in the manual), how ground combat is working, etc.THE GAME HAS A GREAT POTENTIAL  - IF ONLY IT WOULD BE USED BY SOME CARING DEVELOPERS.Basically we paid for the game and now it is up to us to fix it. If you did not buy the game I would check back in half a year, because there are many things you can not just mod, in order to improve those things you have to change the code. And btw I don't like the idea that you first have to do your bachelor in MoO and install a ton of mods before you can enjoy your gameShould the developers ever come back and fix the space combat system and the other things then I will write a new review.BTW: The space combat is in real time though the game is round based. that alone is strange,  but I could forgive it if only it would work with an AI who is able to shoot back in a space battle. There is a guy who writes one game fix mod after another - but the devs do not even apply these fixes in a new version. It is beyond me how you can willingly keep some known bugs for which even a resolution have been found. This mindset of publisher and developers I can not understand."
76561198008333538,Not Recommended,298050,28161919,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,DARKLORD MAXIMUS,"This is a great game! But this is whats starting to bother me.The game is not finished... And they are already launching payed for DLC that is putting CORE elements of the old games in there REBOOT game. Why is it that you are making us pay for races that were already IN the old games.IF you are going to do a reboot of an old game DO THAT.The point of doing a beta release is to test and build on your games development untill its a finished product.Then after that you do DLC for NEW content like for instance i want to charge $20 for the 3 NEW Races the Tescerites, Gandromines, and the Yatgaris.NOT GIVE US MORE MONEY for things that were in moo2 moo3 ore moo1."
76561198038124059,Not Recommended,298050,26629061,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,pavel.krupski,"It's a pity, but I simply can't recommend it in it's current state. And frankly speaking I'm really dissapointed.Pro:Nice graphicExcellent voice actingIt's MoO :(Cons:Really dull and shallow combat model. Tactical combat was almost the major part of the original MoO2Ship constructor is almost useless due to shallow combatsStupid AI. Some challenge only at Very Hard mode and mostly due to AI cheats.Exploring is dull too. To little possible and unique bonuses.No experience for ships and spies.No governers. There is almost no sense to colonise system with a lot of planets.No fleet commanders<--added with patch. Though in Endless Space its made betterLags...Just one autosave....No quick saveCan't skip turns without giving ordersNeutral:Lanes. I liked the idea of lanes and blockades. It may add some depthPollution system. Well, it make some sense. But it adds more pain than fun cause it's very hard to prognose what pollution effect will be in next 20 turns.-- patchedConclusion:Shallow and worse copy of MoO2. After 20+ YEARS of gamedev evolution what we have.... better graphics and voice acting? Really? Endless space is much better. Even with dull combats"
76561198030885282,Recommended,298050,22225292,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,muhrbrand,"This is a review as of April 3rd where the game remains in Early Access.Master of Orion is a game that deliveres on most, though not all, of the promises that the title makes. No one needs to hear about the 4x mechanics and there are few surprises in the MOO reboot.But a 4x game can be implemented in many different ways, so I'll try to explain what directions the game designers have gone on a couple of key-pointsI go on and on about this things, so here's a summery with scores on a scale of 1-10, 10 being the highest :)Complexity: 4 (Fairly simple)Graphics: 8 (beautiful and functional)Sound: 7 (Quietly immersive)Originality: 2 (Not nuch in the way of innovation)Conclusion: if you're a fan of the 4x genre, and you like games to be simple enough that you don't have to read a 2000 page wiki before playing, then this might well be a game for you. If you're a fan of the MOO franchise and you can get past the fact that there's no turn-based combat, then you won't be dissapointed.If you used to play MOO2 in hotseat mode with a friend and you're looking to relive those times you will however be disapointed. Hotseat not implemented :(If you wanna check out some videos, I've recorded my first playthough here.https://youtu.be/CRbn8LasCoE?list=PLMCa1UUnJ90XfhIWsnnrFBuiJh-LXxhuJAnd then the wall of text...Master of Orion is (at least in the Early Access version) a fairly simple 4x game. This is not neccesarily an inherently good or bad characteristic, as it depends on what kind on game experience you're after.When I say 'complex' I'm thinking about the number of mechanics, or choices that the player has to consider at game start, or thoughout the game. A complex 4x game offer lots of choices at game start, normally in terms of which side to play and certain start conditions, as well as numerous dicisions throughout the game than often are irreversible.Other factors include 'mini-game' mechanics such as tactical combat.MOO has plenty of mechanics, but they aren't particularly deep. For example, you can choose your race or create a custom race using a pointsystem, but the amount of diversity is fairly small and I found that I'm able to play the game in pretty much the same way regardless of my pick. I'd compare the race selection to that of Civ5, where your civilization give you a small advantage in a given field. An example of a complex 4x game would be Age of Wonders 3, where the choices of class, race and speciallities are much more important to the kind of game you can subsequently play.It also has tactical combat (not turn based to the lament of many die-hard MOO fans), but the choices you make do not have a huge impact on the eventual outcome. To be fair, I think tactical combat is something that will receive a lot of attention as the game developes - I'll update this review, when that happens). The game DOES have tactical combat, and it is posible to enhance the outcomes of battles if only slightly, so this aspect is certainly more advanced than civ5 to make that comparision again, where combat is pseudo-strategic but it's nowhere near as important as it is in games that focus more heavily on the strategic aspects, like the HOMM series for example. On the other hand units in MOO who fight, do not gain XP (as they do in Civ5 and most other modern 4x games). This makes losses from combat a matter of economy only - not emotional to any great extent.The Tech tree in MOO is very, very standard, and something we've seen a thousand times. A linear progression of techs from left to right with pre-requisite techs being needed to start research. The thing that made and makes MOO a little different is, that some techs are muturally exclusive, meaing you get to choose between two techs. This is great, but since you can obtain the 'other' tech later through diplomacy, the choice becomes a little irrellevant. I'd have preferred more choices that was FINAL... The tech-tree complexity is only present if you've never played 4x games before :)Planet and millitary buildup is a function of the tech tree, and it is equally simple. Planet structures are unlocked by tech and usually improve either, resources, research, food, or currency either directly or inderectly. Other buildings improve morale  or planetary defences but there aren't THAT many structures in total, and although each building incur an upkeep cost, you'll want to build most builings in every colony. This makes the developement of colonies a somewhat trivial decision process, that you end up automating, either my muscle memory of allowing the AI to handle it. More complex games add dimensions to colony/city/castle developement by putting a cap on how many improvements of a given type you can maintain in your empire or implement some sort of diminishing return. in the 'central star system with multiple planetary colonies' structure that MOO uses, it would be nice to have some structures that improved a given thing (like research in the whole system).The part of the game that offers the highest level of (potential) complexity is ship design. You can create your own version of a given ship-class (frigate, destroyer, cruiser etc.) up to some pretty ridiculous ship sizes. All very cool! This offers the promise of a mechanic, where a clever player might exploit weaknesses in an opposing player's ship design (too heavy on the missiles maybe?) to exploit and defeat. As of right not the ship design feature still feels a little incomplete and you can't review the designs of your oppsing players, even though you've met them in combat. That, in combination with the unfinished tacticat combat makes this a mechanic of great potential complexity. but not quite there just yet.Moving away from the gameplay I'll briefly say a little about the 'wrappings'. A little unfair maybe, for the game is drop dead gorgeous and the music and sound effecs have yet to annoy me.All colonizing is preceeded by a cutscene showing your colonyship landing on the pristine planet, while all space combat shows the opposin fleets warping in. Very cool stuff, in you're into that kind of thing. I don't spend a lot of time reveiwing  this sort of thing in a 4x game as I usually end up skipping them quite quickly, but there's no denying that the game looks beautiful, and not just in the cutscenes.There's a pretty good VO on your various tech advisors and good sound effects on the weaponsystems etc. No complaints there!Finally in terms of originality, I have to say that MOO bring very little to the party that we haven't seen before. This is a reboot of the MOO series and it seems like the developement of the game has been focused on NOT to repeat the mistakes of MOO3 (which I didn't play so I can't tell you if they succeeded). But it means that you're not gonna find a whole new take on the 4x genre here - you're gonna find a game that you can by, install, start and be playing in no time at all, with a very flat learning curve."
,Not Recommended,298050,21510156,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Jtgam,"At this point, I cannot recommend this game. It might be an okay 4X game, but it is not a good Master of Orion title.Positives:+Looks cool+Stable (No crashes)+Good voice actingIn essence, the game looks very pretty and sounds very cool. Many of the voices actors were immediately recognizable, and they do a fairly good job over all. The GNN skits get a little annoying after a while, so I usually just skip them now. They are too time-consuming. The graphics are great and the animations are wonderful. Lastly, it isn't a broken piece of junk like Master of Orion 3 was. The main bugs I have seen have been UI and text-related. This seems to be where they spent their resources.So, on these merits, it is already better than Master of Orion 3 was. That is a very low bar, though.Negatives:-No Turned Based Combat-Excessively Small ""Battle Maps""-Broken Diplomacy-Temporary Treaties-Bad AI-Restricted Customization-Generalization-No Leaders-Star LanesThe game is at the very core, nothing like its predecessors. I know many people who will not buy this simply because it is no longer turn based. I'm hoping that the battle maps can be made larger, or possibly scalable, but I did not see this. Also, the AI is terrible. It will decide to fly directly into and attempt to shoot through asteroids, as an example.Diplomacy is now completely and utterly broken. You essentially have to hand over all your money, all of your revenue, give them a technology, and hand over one of your colonies, in order to obtain a non-aggression pact. I can't fathom what it would take to secure an alliance. This was as a race with ""+25% Diplomacy"", as well. So, I don't think that the system is working at all.Oh, and if you happen to get ahead in technology, the AI will simply demand you give them the technology you worked so hard for. Not even an exchange. Refusal pisses them off, and you cannot edit the ""deal"". Either give me technology, or I get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at you. Great system.Remember how treaties used to work? Both sides initially lose money, but over time the ""trade"" or ""research"" treaty would add to your revenue? Nope. Temporary. Basically, you gain nothing for a number of turns. Then, out of the blue, ""Yay! Get 348 BC!"". The treaty is then TERMINATED, and requires renegotiating. That is now a treaty.While you CAN still customize all of the weapons on your ships, there are less customization options. Also, the ""System"" part of ship customization has been turned into ""slots"" or ""modules"". And yes, they put anti-missle rockets here. I don't understand why.What I mean by ""Generalization"" is that there is a lot less specialization in the game. The races used to be extremely diverse, and had completely different playstyles. Not anymore. I know that ""custom race"" is coming, but the base races are so very similar that I don't expect too much from this right now.This one is easy. Just add in Leaders.Star lanes? Really? This one was completely unexpected. You move around by moving to the ""warp points"" inside of a star system, and then can ""warp"" to predetermined systems adjacent to your current system. Want to get to a system ""south"" of where you are? No Star Lane, no way. Gotta take the long way around.Conclusion:This game has been massively simplified, and bears very little resemblance to the classics. If you are a die hard MoO 2 fan, don't pick this up. If you are, however, a fan of games like Civilization 5, this may work for you. It has been streamlined into, essentially, a space Civ 5 game with cool-looking battles. Oh, and famous voice actors."
,Recommended,298050,21560014,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,CyberVic,"Review based on 32+ hours of gameplay. Will update review as patches are released.Pros:As a long time fan of the series, this is a VERY welcome reboot of the series.I've played several short games to get a feel for the game, have an ongoing multiplayer game going with a friend around turn 250, and have completed a large 6 race game with the Psilons achieving every tech (was gaining 3000 tech a turn by the end), 24 colonies, 519 population, 646k credits, 1.3 million conquest, 1.14 million excellence, claimed Orion for my own, and after all the other races declared war on me I wiped them off the face of the galaxy by turn 448. Around turn 300 I was already insanely powerful (power through great technology) and could almost vote myself the supreme leader, but chose not to.It feels a lot like MOO2 with a lot of nice new UI features like improved menus, empire management, game summary, etc. Below I'm going to say a lot of things to be aware of or cons to the game, but really the game has a lot going for it, namely it's a VERY good reboot of the game and while it's still missing a lot, it has placeholders to show it plans on implimenting everything we'd expect and then some.I kinda miss the old MOO2 theme music (listening to it right now while writing the reivew), but I like the new soundtrack as well. Graphics are what you're epxect out of a game these days. The game feels a lot like the things I love about MOO. There are a lot of cool newer features like improvements to notifications, but I wish they could add a little bit of customization to them. Also really like the space factories element to the game. Just learned a new feature, if you goto the summary screen you can litterly got back to any turn in the past. You can click on the timeline graph and go back to a previous turn which means the save game remembers EVERYTHING that happened in every turn.Things to be aware of with early access:A lot of systems are not yet or BARELY implimented. Mainly the space combat (just hit simulate because tactical is poop atm), spying, dimplomacy in general needs to be improved, racial traits, AI difficulties, starting tech levels, ship customization (it's there but missing a lot of it's expected depth), half of the planned races, and everyon's favorite: custom race. A lot of the tooltips in the game are not very clear what those things do or even if they are fully implimented right now. The tech tree is flushed out but the UI needs some polish.There are various minor weird UI bugs including hangs and the occasional crash. Thankfully the game autosaves every turn. There are some pretty annoying bugs for example the game insists that Neutron Blaster is stronger than the Mass Driver).Multiplayer works, but can be a little weird when you are loading a previous multiplayer game. Also the invite friends feature doesn't work, your friends just need to join your game.The voice acting is good, but sitll needs work, obviously that's finishing polish stuff for launch. A lot of times the text of what the voice acting is supposed to be saying doesn't match what is said likely only part of the script has been recorded / integrated or they want to limit the download for early access. Some of the characters you start to just hate how they talk to you (unless you're overwhelmingly powerful then they cower and lick your boots which actually is kinda awesome). Overall how the races react to you can largely be improved.Cons:No Elarians planned for launch. The Elarians smell like expansion fodder. No Gnolmans or Trilarians either, but no great loss there. Don't like that they are tying a ""new"" alternate human / pirate faction to the collectors edition but honestly, who cares since if you buy it now you're getting the ""collectors edition"" at like normal release price.It's REALLY ♥♥♥♥ING ANNOYING when picking a race and trying to read the racial traits having to listen to the narrator.Also I miss the old feature where if there was nothing notable happening (everything is queued up etc) then the turn auto passes to the next turn. I wish they would allow me to customize my auto build order.There seems to be a lot less planets per solar system from what I remember from older MOO games. I wish there where more planets. Also I miss the inter-solar system colonization vs colonly ship. Maybe it's something that's less important since everyone is post warp. If they add in pre-warp age that becomes more important.Summary:I might be a fan boy of the series, but it seems pretty damn good for early access and I'm glad they did do early access so I can give my feedback. If you've apprehensive about the game, wait closer to launch. I know I will probably binge on the game for a while then dial back until patches come out and try out the new features."
76561198042981595,Not Recommended,298050,32604335,Posted: 20 June,all,Fugitive Utopian,"Well, Its like MOO2 slimmed down to a high quality phone app then they added Star Trek voices to it.... But then to be fair MOO2 was my favorite game and is still in the top 5 best game memories I have. So I have a bias, but the game is ok. It does provide some nostalgia but for a remake of a hard sci-fi game, they injected far to much humor. That constant this is a joke attitude in most of the voice acting kept breaking my enjoyment of the game.I brought it, I am not upset that I bought it, however after 50 hours I was done with it."
76561198039725016,Recommended,298050,21469493,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Evilchickenbitz,"Finished a complete match before posting this review, to give the game a fair assessment,Pros:+ Feels like Master of Orion+ Planets are easy to manage+ Multiple ways to win+ Hybrid tech tree.  Most techs advance like your standard 4x (think Civ), but a few techs are old school MoO (you only get to pick one choice and the others can't be researched).  It is a good balance.+ Stunning graphics+ Excellent Voiceovers+ Addictively fun+ Ship customization is greatEarly Access Issues- A few minor bugs.  Ship naming bug, some dialogue doesn't sync to text, occasional frame stutter- Espionage isn't in yet- Only 6 of the 10-12 races are playable currently- Only one AI difficulty at the momentCons- No ground combat visuals, its just numbers- Space Battles are Real Time, which isn't an issue, but there are no combat options other than selecting units and clicking enemies.  Needs some options like hold range, engage, retreat, etc.- Races aren't too distinct when it comes to gameplay, bonuses are minor.- Diplomacy is a little dryOverall, in its current state the game is a 7/10.  Based just on what the Developer plans to add, it will be at least an 8/10 if it all gets in.  If combat gets tweaked and just a few more controls are added, this game could be amazing."
76561198007610552,Not Recommended,298050,25246511,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Matiati,"After 74.5 hours of playing (also hours more during the early access stage) I can say that MoO is a mediocre 4x game. It mimics most of the features of its legendary ancestor (MoO 2)I am sad to give a negative review for this game. It is certainly playable and you'll have fun with it. But for a 2016 game, I honestly expected much more... Here is a list of pros/cons.Pros:1. Excellent cinematics and voice acting.2. Good language support.3. Graphically well designed races, race animations, in game research assistants.4. Fluent game play.Cons:1. Repetitive technology tree. Too few creative weapons or technologies. Most of higher tech nodes in the tech tree just replicate the early nodes by just improving parameters. +1 production buildings become +2, x damage weapons become 2x damage weapons and so so. In some tech tree nodes you can decide from 2-3 different technologies but the better tech is in most cases obvious.2. Although the races are parametrically different (some get bonus to diplomacy, some have better spy mission success chances, some have better ground troops etc.). They all share the same technology tree without a single variation. This makes the game very dull and uninteresting.3. The game is very uneventful. Unless you provoke the AI (by colonizing near their systems) you can be in good terms with all AI races for the entire game. The AI does not challenge you. No random events that may cause a political crisis between your race and some other AI race occur.4. The AI is not smart. They do not colonize the choke points systems to protect their borders. They do not make clever attacks or defense. They just throw whatever they have towards you (2-3 fleets at most) and once you deal with em they are left completely defenseless and broken.5. As with almost all 4x games, harder AI does not mean smarter AI but rather cheating AI.6. There are no strategically important bread and butter resources in the game. The game needs resources that would end alliances. Resources that will cause every race in the galaxy hunger for them and eventually cause galaxy wide wars. Resources which will enable you to unlock technologies, build buildings and new ship hulls etc.7. Governing complexity is not scalable. After you acquire 10 or more planets you'll quickly realize this. There is no abstraction method in MoO (such as Stellarsis' sector governing) which will enable you to govern huge empires.8. I do not understand why the number of different ship classes you can design is limitted. I might be ok with a limit (like 20-30) but 5-6 designs? Seriously? Why?9. Some annoying bugs which should have been solved in early access at least a year ago. For instance you cannot save your keyboard mapping if you change it. Everytime you enter the game you have to change key mappings again and again. Also the game may lock up or crash after long lasting space battles."
,Recommended,298050,24784500,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,jl1012,"This is a great game, and the first to give the Master of Orion feeling since Moo2.There are some details that arent the best, like you could have some more control in tactical battles, and the AI isn't always the smartest, but In my opinion it is a very good game and with very few flaws to be an early access game.I do hope they improve AI and diplomacy a bit, but I like this game."
76561198015270008,Recommended,298050,24916404,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,MurphyMurph,"edit: Regarding the latest news of their decision to release this without further EA development cycles, I'm very much on the fence regarding Recommend vs Not Recommend.---This game finally feels like it's coming into it's own.But good news and bad, i'll do bad first.There are things I wish had been done differently. I wish hotseat was a thing, tactical combat for multplayer, (in fact maybe a more clunky and turn-based tactical combat too). The entire combat arena feels off, (moo3's was better and thats never a good thing to have to say).I like a bit more of a dark tone, I feel like this is a bit too cartoony.  I miss leaders, they are a small layer of customization to a game that adds immersion and rp. Speaking of RP, I feel like the space could be bigger and have more lore things going on in it. And how about more events? Where are the Antarans or whatever new big bad? Are minor races coming back? All of these things are great and more space (real estate) is needed in this game to allow a verdant RP environment.And then you have the generic performance issues they're still ironing out, UI improvements needed, etc.BUT, this is a beta. And is important to remember.While most shortcomings will probably make it to launch they have made some moderate steps towards making this a pretty darn good game. I enjoy making my way through early-mid game and the tech tree, it looks fantastic, I DO like the voice acting very much (even you Lt. Barclay).The sounds are all there, the music. The videos of landing your colony ships is gold. I'd like to see more of them, maybe even a colony overview screen where it pans the area (it would be nice to actually SEE my cavernous/grassland/inferno planet) in a  similar video fashion.There's a lot of good to find inside this game. Wargaming has a lot of potential here to go even higher if they want.Or maybe they'll start development on 'Moo 2...2'  and build perfection overtop 'pretty-darn-good'In it's beta state i give this a 6.7/10crystal ball looks like a 7-7.5/10 for release."
76561197993917521,Not Recommended,298050,28143242,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,minijedimaster,"Speaking as an old school MoO fan,  having played all of the originals at release... This game is a pale shadow of any of them.They dumbed down ship design and combat, made it boring and pointless (two of the biggest factors that made the previous one's so great).They implemented a space lanes only model, which I'm not againts space lanes, but they should have done something to allow for other ways to play the game.  Look at Stellaris as an example where you choose your FTL method which then determines your method of travel through the galaxy.  MoO 1&2 did not even have space lanes either, so not sure why thats the only option in this game.Graphics are nice overall, a bit on the cartoony side for my tastes, but not something that would prevent me from buying and/or enjoying the game.  Voice acting is very good as well.Strategy seems pretty shallow as well.  Just doesn't have that strategic magic or challenge that makes me want to come back over and over again.Now it seems like they are rapid firing DLC out for the game as well.  Not something I will be investing in.  Maybe this was there plan all along, release some flashy looking/sounding game and cash cow it into oblivion.  Either way, I can't recommend this game unless you get it for VERY cheap."
76561198103252096,Recommended,298050,21649627,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,cimbaeth,"As a longtime fan of Master of Orion 2, I've beaten MOO2 on impossible many times, so this reboot was not very difficult at all. But! The gameplay is nice and smooth, and you can micromanage or not, depending on your mood. The espionage feature is not turned on yet, and the AI diplomacy didn't really seem very complicated which could be good or bad. If in single player with more complicated features turned on/ added, I could see a good reason to make the game unlimited turns but at the present it's fairly easy. I like that I could mine asteroids or gas giants before I had the option of transforming them into planets. The combat is not turn based and although I have run through the game, I have yet to figure out exactly how much I can manage the combat. It's in real time so clicking on your ships and changing thier focus of attack seems to be as complex as it gets. You can upgrade/ design your own ships personally or you can allow the computer to auto upgrade your designs. I like this reboot on pretty much everything but the combat---I've always liked the turn based type space battles in some 4x games and being able to choose which weapons to fire. Overall, a thumbs up~!"
76561198107966850,Recommended,298050,24366704,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,The Walkin Dude,"At this stage I have about 9 hours on Master of Orion and overall I enjoy it. I plan on keeping up with the EA releases and giving my feed back where I can to shape this game into one of the best space 4X titles it can be.Believe me there is so much potential here and I really hope that it continues to move in the right direction. A lot of players don't really like the real time battles but I think they aren't too bad and when they work (aside from minor bugs) they work really well. Almost makes this Total War in space (if they continue on adding more tactical options in ie perhaps experience and ship captains or even some morale system).The game is overall pretty well polished and runs very smoothly with some minor UI annoyances and bugs here and there but remember it is EA so it's bound to improve. Audio and sound affects are awesome and once you've fully explored a galaxy it looks pretty sweet.As far as content is concerned that is my current bug bear. Like exploration just doesn't feel like eXploration. Needs more events and things to keep the early game fresh. I hope this doesn't come in the form of DLC either... I expect DLC down the track to give the game some longetivity but not an empty game with fast DLC releases. I guess time will tell.My last negative for the review is that they really seem to be balancing the game out a little more at this stage and I can see why it's needed but I'd rather see the time go into adding content and fixing bugs. Balance will work itself out once more players are playing, but without content, you aren't giving them reason to play in my opinion.But hey I'm not a dev so what would I know right?I bought this at full price and for what you get it isn't too bad, but at it's current stage of EA5 I would recommend waiting for a sale. Otherwise if you are a fan, then go for it. It's been fun so far and hopefully get's better."
76561197993065396,Not Recommended,298050,32240153,Posted: 7 June,all,venusius,"MOO was THE 4x space game upon which all other 4x space games after it where measured. It has since been surpassed so when I bought this game I had high expections - and it wasn't met despite the warning negative reviews I've read. I think I bought this game more for nostalgia really. If you want better 4x space games, look elsewhere (Stellaris, Stardrive, etc). I don't recommend this game at its full price. Get it on sale if you must, otherwise, it's fine to skip this one altogether."
76561198030836789,Recommended,298050,24834036,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,potaeto,"I was afraid to buy this when I saw all the negative reviews, but The Early Access version of this game is infinitely better than Stellaris.  I can say this now that I've beaten both games.  Don't get me wrong, MOO is still unpolished and there are some random crashes and it could be better.  But Stellaris has way more ""stupid clicking"" and frustrating game mechanics than MOO.  So if you're in the mood for a space sim and you're deciding between the two, then pick MOO.MOO2 is still better in a lot of ways but I really love how the reboot did the graphics/voice acting for the diplomacy screen.  Makes me feel like I'm dealing with real aliens."
76561198167957075,Not Recommended,298050,25126222,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Sazapahiel,"I wanted to love this game so much, as an avid fan of the franchise and someone who still plays MoO2 on my tablet all i wanted was a worthy successor. Sadly though the developer really dropped the ball, there is no tactical play for multiplayer, no custom races for multiplayer, and despite many glaring balance issues the races are all but indistinguishable. The game has no replay value, and although many of the iconic features from previous MoO games did make it in they're underwhelming from a game-play perspective.After sinking 263 hours into the game's early release phases (right up until the day before release) i just can't recommend anyone ever spend money on this."
76561198065192376,Not Recommended,298050,25800630,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,braggi,"Summary: They tried to clone the extinct MoO species from Civilisation-DNA, sadly loosing some essential traits in the process. A good deal only for casual players, or to rekindle old MoO-memories without much available play time. The game looks good and starts very accessible.If you're looking for a deep 4X experience, look elsewhere.Explore (yawn) - scouts without range limits plod through a circular galaxy to map the stars. Rarely a reward beyond some credits or a vessel. Meeting races early to reap in trading boost.Two other setup options separate sections of the galaxy until midgame. Prevents early diplomacy and stresses expansion and research.Expand - planets operate separately. Their properties matter most in the beginning. Some good, close fertile planets boost growth excessively, while hostile environments cripple colonies.Much later in midgame, solar systems may pool their production and planets specialise more.Exploit - planet food and production slots are limited, with small spread and decreasing yield. Works only well at start, in the long run technology levels out differences. Planet size matters most.This is far from the old system where the galaxy might look completely different according to your race.Exterminate - Stationary defences add initiall resillience, invasion tech is delayed. Using star lanes feels more like combat along mountain passes than in space.There's tactical decisions and challenges. Still battles failed to excite me. Went to just calculate combat in the end. Invasion looks unfinished. Conquered planets don't revolt.In mid-game, portals may connect a side's systems, specialised shipyards churn out fleet. Travel in enemy territory stays slow; mopping up a war becomes a drag.Science - Instead of independent fields of research, we get a Civi tech tree with crowded nodes. The frowned upon old choice system is consciously reduced to a few select applications.This means that more than 85% of technology can never be traded, stolen or conquered but must be researched instead.Money - main source is population tax, with trade second. This is probably the biggest design change, as the forerunner used industry for taxation. Money and production were interchangeable then. No more.All ship upgrades can no longer be produced but must be bought, and there's no alternative to a large population base to fund your buildings or excess fleet.My brand's canary chokes on several features, mechanisms and concepts that often match the forerunner just in name.UI problems pop up in midgame and with huge positions. The game increasingly reacts sluggish and information is missing. MoO2's UI could handle 100-planet empires, MoO can't.Zooming into a planet looses the strategic view. Event list can't be scrolled, when overflowing you must klick through the least important items first. Some events pop up first, ignoring your selection.Planet list can't be sorted by production type, to e.g. check fleets in construction. Planet uniformity makes sorting by resource (food, science, production) way less usefull. And the list goes on...All this is known and unadressed since EA 4Diplomacy is listless. Incoming offers can't be put on hold and checked, no counter offers possible. Swap charts without knowing what you trade for is the most frequent offer.Get an embassy. Trade and research deals have to be continually refreshed, with the AI later often too broke to accept. Cultivating AIs is possible to get access or alliances. Otherwise the AI is simplistic with no real grasp of reality, demanding when ready to strike, or crawling when currently involved in another war.Espionage mostly consists of offensive spy micromanagent. Some Intelligence; stealing of the 'choice' techs is best done at lowly, undefended outposts, the rest is sabotage.Sabotage works like a separate game, after succes the victim can't react, e.g. can't attack a revolting planet but must wait it out.Defense is static by race traits or expensive buildings, or dispatched spies, without a good view to coordinate.Races - Most predefined ones work, but use way more perk points though than a player gets for a custom race. Race differences are noticeable, but very timid.Ship customisation has some wellcome improvements (like scout autoupgrades or the UI layout). On the other side a convoluted system obscures this.Payload is consumed at rates differing by class by essentials. A 25% payload extension consumes part of this for itself. And so on. You can't just compare the numbers displayed.This also hurls another wave of micromanagement at the player, e.g. each new drive is slightly bigger, often forcing a ship redesign.The final result is a wasted opportunity - a good looking time waster, not without appeal - but too shallow and boring for me."
76561198057083875,Recommended,298050,21590770,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,gruumsh4,"A lot of people seem to think that this is a continuation of the series or a sequel to MOO3 or some other complaint to that. Instead, it is a re-envisioning of the first Master of Orion and since I have played from the beginning when I was a kid, I find this to be quite exceptional that it is already in the Early Access stage. Yes, there are currently some bumps that are being worked through, but overall it has the same excitement as when I used to play Master of Orion I or II. As for Star-Lanes, that's a Catch 22 as to whether or not you like it, but you know what? In this game it works. And it works well. To be able to use strategy to block off your enemies and force them into a choke-point in order to push your troops through when you are ready, it is really quite thrilling. The ship designs are extremely exciting to look at and watch in the cinematic view during combat or colonization, and I like the designs/voices of the races. The population view even seems to feel slightly Fallout-4'ish with the Cartoony look, and that is even MORE awesome. Overall, I'm enjoying this and can't wait for the updates to bring in more races, more changes, and more moments of pleasure."
76561198006575341,Recommended,298050,21589519,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Ironduke,"Early access so not to be judged as is, but as it will be, lots of features missing to be added.I enjoyed after 15 hours what I have seen.Battles not turn based well there is a pause button so if you wish to slow the battle down and hit the pause button to issue new orders, seems the same as turn based.I like the jump lanes very much like a board game I played in my youth.Systems look great pretty good, capturing the feel of the original MOOLiked the tech tree its a bit to predictable does not reflect the unpredictable nature of research after all lines of research can take you down rabbit holes and blind allys. May even be worth throwing in random tech events slowing or speeding up research.Espionage to be added ok early accessMore races to be added ok early accessMore difficulty levels Normal is a bit to easy for me I always played on the harder levels, ok early accessMore ship models ok early accessI could go on early access covers it all, I like the frame lets hope the finished products lives up to the exepctations of those who played MOO II just joking that is never going to happen"
76561198118795639,Recommended,298050,24903426,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,ElderThane,"Just finished playing my first game in a long while. I have to say they've made some pretty awesome improvements. The spy system is simple yet powerful. The AI is much, much better at everything... The faction design is more indepth but your not being overloaded with attributes like in GC (I love simple and meaning faction design). The custom faction creation is everything I was hoping for. Still doesn't have turn based chess like combat but it's got pretty much everything else.Thank you for making this game worthy of its name."
,Recommended,298050,21483523,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Atarun,"This game is amazingly polished for an Early Access. There are a few locked-out races and a warning that features may change, but other than that, it could easily be mistaken for a full-fledged release, or at least a solid beta.I never played MoO 1, 2 or 3, so I cannot compare... But I have played my share of 4X and this one is really scratching the ""just... one... more... turn..."" itch.It is a teensy bit on the easy side and diplomacy is a bit confusing (IA seems to make up their mind about me pretty much regardless of my behavior and negotiations with them), but those things might get fixed in the months to come... and it's already a great way to kill time."
,Recommended,298050,21556400,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,AsidMjolnir,"As it stands now, Master of Orion is an okay game. Not a great game, not an awful game, but a rather generic 4X. Much of what made it's predecessors sucessful, their quirky humor hidden in the descriptions of technology and buildings, the ability to truly customize ships to a greater degree, the ability to build numerous fleets without being limited by a ""command cap"", and the ability to build as many orbital bases as you wanted, is gone. The parts that made it great and unique are gone. Perhaps they're just waiting in development? Who knows.Where once we had the ""Mystery X"" researches if you found them, they've been replaced by the standard ""economic victory"", ""research victory"", ""diplomatic victory"", and ""conquest victory"". While fun, it takes away some of the fun, y'know?So I will recommend it, but not as Masters of Orion, but as another generic 4x space game, until they make it truly as good as it's predecessors."
76561198006787397,Recommended,298050,32633136,Posted: 21 June,all,Ash,"Recently purchased the game after reading some of the mixed comments and decided I would weigh in a bit.I'm not sure how old any of you were when the original Master of Orion came out in 1994, many probably weren't even born yet, but this new overhaul of that game is basically the same.   I think that for us older gamers, we put a lot of nostalgic value on older games, often remembering them as being far greater than they actually were or are.This game is a great overhaul of the original.  The graphics are smooth and beautiful.  The space battles are fun to watch.As far as game play, it is basically the same.  You have colonies, three major categories (production, research, food), and you have to manage your empire through a simple diplomacy system and espionage mechanic.While it is very true that since 1994 many other 4x space games have come a long that have done all of these things better, this version of Master of Orion is faithful to the original and contrary to popular belief, plays the same.  If you find this version boring  then I challenge you to go back and play MoO 1 and I am confident you'll find that just as boring.We all know that MoO 2 was the pinnacle of the franchise and MoO has always been a lengthy game (I'd argue the same average length of game as any Civlization game).   It does take awhile to get your empire up and running and even longer if you start pre-warp, but it still is at its core a very solid 4x game with tons of customization in regards to races and ships, which is why we probably loved it so much back in the day.DLC is a given nowadays, so no need to complain about it as is knowingly releasing broken games which they fix in a patch a week later, if we're lucky.  None of that is going away any time soon.I think this version of the game is getting a lot of unwarranted flack.  Point is, if you loved the original MoO, then you'll love this game too with its updated graphics and look."
76561198038369188,Not Recommended,298050,26137871,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,bigmo280373,"On the plus side, graphics are well polished and the UI is functionnal and I like the news anchor, unlike many other people.Now for the bad.  COMBAT IS BOOOOOORRRRRIINNNNG!!!  Here's how to win all of the planetary engagement:  sends all of your ships at the bottom of the map, then pick all of the defenses one by one using long distance weapon.    It's as if they decided to pick all of the worst part of MOO3 (combat and starlane) and stuff it in there.They took great car of removing the only cool feature of MOO3 I could remember were the diplomatic cutscenes in which Aliens really looked alien and they were speaking some cool unintelligible giberish.  In that new version, the aliens just looks like guys in a suit.Even worst, they limited the number of planets around a star to 5 and seemed to have made it a point to have a very dull exploration experience.  There could have been strategic and trade resources, minor race with special tech or abilities, galactic menace, etc...  Nope, just a few planet types with no real differences aside the size and a few bonus modifiers.Speaking of limitation a production queue limited to 6 items?  Limited special system slots on ships?  Geez, as if we were running on Windows 95 with 100 MB ram...A missed opportunity, really disappointed.  I wanted to love that game so much.  They could have reproduced MOO2 as is with updated graphics and sounds I would have been happy.  Afterwards, they could have build up by adding stuff (more detailed ground combat, possibility of choosing between real time and turn based space combat, more complex economy, more complex diplomacy), I would have been extatic and throwing away money at them."
76561198015232905,Recommended,298050,25195066,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Davor,"Davor's Opinion of Masters of Orion. Or is it a review? :PAh Masters of Orion. One of my most beloved games of all time. I still play the original game still. Even MOO2 as well and MOO3 modded. Of course a mention of Star Trek Birth of the Federation modded needs mentioned as well. The 1000's of hours spent playing those games.Before I go on, I played this game from Day One Early Access. I have over 220 hours if not more now playing it. I was very harsh on the Devs about their choices and decisions of the game. I think NGD Stuidos hate me :P. But I would also say I am fair and I have praised them when they did good.So what do I think of Masters of Orion Conquer the Stars? I like it. Is it perfect? HELL NO! Still it's a good to great game with warts and all. When Masters of Orion Conquer the Stars (MOO for short from now on) first came out in Early Acess (EA) I hated it. I let it be known what was wrong with the game. For me it was just another game pretending to be MOO but with the MOO name only. It really should have been called something else at the time I thought. Hopefully this gave NGD Studios more incentive to make the game better. Did they make the game better and improve it from EA1? I can say in my opinion, yes they did.But I can't review a game of previous builds, I need to review the game on this build.MOO is a game to be played in a day (small settings) up to a few days or weeks (huge settings). It's a simple game to learn. While it's simple to learn, there is some complexity to the game, but nothing complex that you give up playing like I have when playing Hearts of Iron or Europa Universallis games. Sometimes I love playing complex games, other times I want a simplier game. Playing Civ in Space is what MOO is, and I love it for it. I am so glad it's not complex and made everything more streamlined and simplier to do. While I liked HoI and EU way too many screens and complexity that I don't have many hours in them. Maybe 10 or 20 hours each game I have while I have 1000s of hours in previous MOO games. I am already at 220+ hours with MOO and can't wait for the mods to start coming in once they are implemented into the game. I can see 100s hours more still to come.Let's get the biggest issue out of the way that is for me the biggest problem of MOO. Combat. Tactical Combat to be precise. It sucks. I hate it. I can swallow it like a bitter pill because the rest of the game is so much fun for me.(Not yelling I will use CAPS to indicate my RECOMENDATIONS.)Why is combat bad for me? I feel like I am watching combat instead of taking part of it. I hated Gal Civ series games over this, and same thing for Stellaris. I don't want to watch combat I want to take part. Combat has improved from previous EAs but still I wish there was more to do.First off, I don't like the Auto Fire. I rather have the ships do nothing until I tell them to do something. I think that has been fixed, but I am so use to do it now after playing over 220 hours, not sure if fixed or not. Also I would LOVE to be able to pick out single ships instead of just the fleet.Since ships auto fire, you don't know when they will shoot next. WHY DON'T WE HAVE TIMMERS ON OUR WEAPONS? I want information, and I am not getting it. WHY ARE MY SHIPS NOT MOVING AND JUST STANDING STILL. Again we need information.Besides timers to give us information I wish missles were not unlimted like in MOO1,2 and 3 but I can understand the Devs have a different vision. Still It doesn't make it better when I keep thinking the things I can do is taken out of the game.The ""arena"" or combat map is too small. This is 2016 not the 1990s where the combat arean is small because of limitations. WHY CAN'T THE COMBAT ARENA BE AT LEAST TWICE THE SIZE? This way at least it will give the illusion I can move my Big sized ships around and I am fighitng in space instead of a small Gladiator arena. Bigger ships need to be slower and smaller ships faster. At least now we have a choice to keep at the same speed, but I feel Big sized ships are too fast still.Also this would give having faster engines and what not more important.FOR COMBAT TO BE BETTER AND MAKE THIS GAME A MUST BUY, WE NEED MORE INFORMATION IN COMBAT AND A FEW MORE ABILITES TO TAKE PART OF SO WE FEEL WE ARE DOING SOMETHING besides just watching.Good things about combat, is we can pause it. (Annoying though how it doesn't pause where the camera is facing and defaults to top view or the other view which I forget the name.) Also we can speed up time or slow it down. Another great option. WHY IS IT WHEN WE PAUSE THE GAME THE TIME DEAFAULTS TO 1X????ARGH!!!!! So we can see combat is the weakest part of MOO for me. Does this make the game a No Buy? HELL NO.***corection*** It seams there is a new options I just found out when you can choose when you pasue in combat that the view stays the same.What makes the game good/great? Let's get onto that now.Exploration is fun. When discovering a new system, all the planets 0-5 are blacked out. So you have to send your scout/ship to each planet to see what it is. Is this a bit tedious? Yes but it's fun. Why? Because now we have to discover a tech that will let you choose to see all planets at once. Thing is, once the tech is discovered, do you take the tech that lets you see all the planets or do you choose the other tech that gives you something else? NOW WE HAVE CHOICES :D.Tech tree is a spitting image of Civ V. This can be good or bad depending on your tastes. Lots of techs to discover. Also one discovering a tech, like in MOO2, sometimes you have to make the choice do I take this or do I take that. If I take that, then I have to trad for to get this. A few times they are no brainers, other times you need to think what is more important to you. This for me is a great feature.OOPs I got away from exploration. Sorry. Only draw back I have for exploration is goodie huts. Like in Civ you can get a free unit, money or tech. Sadly the only time you can go off road from the Star Lanes is to discover an Anomoly. While fun, they are not as exciting as in MOO2 when discovering a planet and seeing what it might be. Artifact planets don't give a bonus to research but just a +2. So basically a free tech building. But now we have Gold to give a +2 Billion Credits (basically a BC think of it as a dollar). Dark Quartz for production +2 and fungus or what it's called for a +2 to food. It's a nice little bonus to make the colony start a bit faster.So I am having fun in exploring now. I choose to go into the options menu and use fast animations for me and the AI so the game plays quicker. I am glad we get this option. While nice in the begining seein ships zoom here to there, it gets boring. After 220 hours so glad for this feature.What else is exciting is will this planet be an Ultra Rich Gaia planet? Maybe, maybe? Dang it's not. But OOHHHH there is some nice Rich planets with a Terra Biome. Bonus. Others a poor planets or ultra poor or not good biomes. Well we need to extend our borders and they will make good bases for our ships to repair at.The AI. I find it good. Really good. Yes it still makes stupid decisions sometimes. What is this a strength 500 fleet about to wipe me out, but thank god it went in a different direction other wise my game would be over. Phew. Wait a second, shouldn't the AI try and wipe me out? Dumb stupid AI lol. Thankfull or unthankfully that doesn't happen alot and I have been wiped out on higher difficulty levels. I guess playing on a normal setting the AI wants you to play more. But on extreme settings, I basically gave up. The AI woudln't wipe me out, but I swear the AI is mocking me letting me live just so they can crush me some more.That said the AI is pretty good. In diplomacy the AI is offering alot of trade at me. Sometimes when I ask for a trade the AI will say no, but then a few turns later will offer the same trade back at me. Now to be fair, I"
76561198094507916,Not Recommended,298050,25782947,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Ravenshoe99,"I'm really trying to like this game but I just dont.- Galaxy map zooming is an issue.  It's either too close or too far away.  This makes system exploration and ship movement very clunky.- I've tried playing as most of the races and I truly can't see any difference in gameplay.  MOO and MOO2 were better at this.  With those early versions there were some races that were easier to play than others, some harder, and a few well balanced.  This game purports to have the same mechanics but I don't see it.- Ship to ship battle is awful...  That's all I can say...- Ground battles are non-existant.- Where are all the races?  Gnolam, Trilarian, Elerian?  It would be Ok if they weren't in the game as long as there were some new races to choose from, but not even that!  Let me guess, future DLC??I'm just disappointed in this game.  It's not horrible, it's just OK.  MOO2 is the better game by far, so if you've never played it, pick it up."
76561198002170808,Not Recommended,298050,32050119,Posted: 29 May,all,eufa,"The game is fun. First. Really.But you won't ever be able to finish it. The game has such a bad performance, making it unplayable in midgame. This is an issue not just for me. Even superior hardware doesn't help. That's an old problem and has never been really fixed by any of thevery rare patches. YOU WON'T EVER BE ABLE TO FINISH YOUR GAME!!! So: don't buy this.https://www.reddit.com/r/masteroforion/comments/5i2z9s/performance_in_late_game/https://steamcommunity.com/app/298050/discussions/0/359543951710565213/just google more..."
76561198077808520,Recommended,298050,21470189,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,LMG,"Did the Master of Orion Series ruin your teenage years?Well your social life is about to take another hit.Brought from the development team of the orignal this is something I'd thought I'd never see.Full impressions on video here.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LvchxRM-le8With an amazing voice cast, updated graphics and all the basic core of the MOOverse.You'll see alot of comparsion between this and Galactic Civ 3.GC3 is more polished but you always feel like the universe is rather static at times.Doesn't have an in depth as of yet ship designer yet but that is a work in progress.Tech tree is fairly rounded out but could use a bit more depth to my liking.The Diplomacy branch is well rounded esp with the voice acting really captures the original feel.You will find a simple tutorial in the beginning that you will have to repeat every time unless there's an option to turn it off I didn't see but it's not bad.Galaxy size and the opponent AI is fairly ok.More races are incoming and custom races are also on the way.This is basically the meat and potatos of MOO.The bad is space combat which has been simplified to pretty much just watching the lightshow much like GC3 but it's not a bad show.So to sum it upPros:Voice acting-Mark @#$#$ Hamill! Robert England etc!Really buggy free so far.MO1,MO2,MO3 for free on steam with your purchase.Easy to use AIReally good soundtrackIf you've played MOO you'll ease into it like nothingAddicting gameplayCons$50 early Access entry does put alot of people off even with free stuff.Early access so you will be playing a waiting for content game at times.No turned based space combatGNN reports seem rather stale right nowI would heartily reccomend this7/10 atm will update review as it progress."
,Recommended,298050,21508460,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Sapphic Neko,"Played this for a bit now and i really enjoy it. Put me back in the feeling of the old MoO games.Didn't run into any game breaking bugs, mostly a couple of minor ones, like planets created from asteroid fields stayed barren visually, even when terraformed to Gaia. Making custom ships with the alternative models would just make em revery to original model, and at one point i couldn't pan the view, but was fixed by alt-tabbing out and back in.Other than those, i had no problems, ran very smooth even on max settings no stuttering.There are some balance issues that probably need looking into. Like early game its really hard to get going, but late game you have such an easy time. I was losing money in start of game, and by the end i was making over 3k per turn. For example, i had to raise taxes not to have a defeciet early game, but in the end game i could build buildings to make my minions so happy they didn't care i had max taxes. Maybe add some mechanic to promote smaller planet populations, and with getting higher populations you lose some happyness due to crowding? Kinda how they did it in Civilization games.Its kinda the same with Credits and Science, you struggle hard early on, but mid-late game it becomes so easy to manage.That said, game still quite fun. Needs a little work, but i really enjoyed it."
76561197966093580,Not Recommended,298050,29813825,Posted: 9 February,all,ArchAngelPaladin,"I really want to like this game.  It’s not quite master of Orion 2, but it’s the closest ever anyone has come.  This game definitely has gameplay that invokes that “one more turn” feeling, and the universe is definitely full of color and life(something almost all other space 4x lack.)However this game is horribly optimized, I have to wait a long time between turns, sometimes minutes.I’m very disappointed with the developers taking some of the original races and making them dlc only.This game suffers from so many balance issues I had to rely on a community balance mod to fix everything.One thing that really makes me hate this game though is that each empire starts out in their own little star cluster/sector gated by worm holes that require a tech really deep into the tree to unlock so you basically spend 100+ turns all by yourself.The pollution system that everyone is complaining about would be kind of tolerable if the way new population units are allocated would make sure that they don’t get placed where they would make a ton of pollution.  As it stands if you are using a food rich planet to create a lot of civ transports you will constantly have to micro manage where new population get allocated to keep the planet clean.And finally the ai is dumber than dirt, but to be fair I’ve never played a single 4x space game that’s had a good ai…"
,Recommended,298050,21484302,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Team Solid Core,I am in a little under 5 hrs into the game.  I've played just single player mode as the Psilons.  I came into playing this game with no expectations and I am coming away happy.  I played all MOO games and each one to me is good and bad in their own way.  This is still in early access and I am looking forward to seeing how it progresses.
76561198007278448,Recommended,298050,21451015,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Banshee,"I have been playing this game for only a while now but I get the same nostalgic feelings as the many, many hours I spend playing MoO II. The game is far from finished but in its current state its playable without any bugs. I will be updating my review as the game progresses towards release date.I would sure recommend it, even at this stage."
76561198031100226,Recommended,298050,25389699,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Chibiabos,"To put my overall score into context, understand that on a scale of 1 to 10, I would rate MOO1 at 9.0, MOO2 at 9.5, and MOO3 somewhere around 4.0.  To summarize my impression of this latest incarnation (wish I could just call it MOO4), I'd say 7.0.There are many aspects that are great ... I find the voicework by various well-known sci-fi actors keen and enjoyable including Michael Dorn (Worf from Star Trek: TNG), Mark Hamill (Luke Skywalker from Star Wars) and Alan Tudyk (Wash from Firefly and Serenity).  An amazing amount of features and tidbits are carried forward into this incarnation from MOO1 and MOO2 including elements of the technology tree, race customization screen (though bizarrely -- and really frustratingly, one of many unexpectedly lacking features that reduce my rating of the game -- not able to retain a customized race between games so you have to re-create it each time from scratch, particularly frustrating in multiplayer) and all but one of the races (the Terrans, not to be confused with the Humans -- the Terrans are basically evil humans) are carryovers from the first two games though some MOO2 races are notably absent -- the Gnolams (gnomish folk) and the Elerians (dominatrixes).Unfortunately, the interface has not been improved -- in some aspects its taken a step backward from all predecessors -- and can be cumbersome in terms of how many buttons you have to click through to get to things you want; using the technology tree as opposed to a one-deep technology, for instance, requires clicking on the science screen from icons at the top right, then a 'View Technology Tree' button at the bottom right, then scrolling sideways through the tree to find the tech path you want before finally clicking on teh tech itself.  You have to do this every time you finish researching the 'tech path' you previously chose -- you can only click on one tech to pursue; it will automatically select the requisite techs to get there if you haven't researched them yet, but you can't shift+click another tech to queue afterward and you will have to start this process again after finishing the one particular tech and its requisites -- including, yes, re-opening the technology tree and the tree always opens all the way to the starting techs at the left; the tech tree is several screenwidths across so you will have to scroll more and more as the game goes on before you can pick a tech you want.While its okay in single player, this really consumes time in multiplayer.   So do animations like colonizing planets -- there's no option so far as I have found to prevent those and if you go through heavy expansion, you may find yourself unable to colonize planets when your colony ships reach them because of everything you need to set up on a new colony (and no, there's no copy-and-paste-able build queue ... and the build queue is only 5 buildings/ships long -- I recall it being much larger in MOO2 -- which means you have to fiddle with your build queues much more frequently and it gets too cumbersome to manage in multiplayer much past 20 or so colonies).There are also frequent crashes and bugs ... I find, sporadically, one particularly building for some reason cannot be built after researching the tech even though it should be; this bug persists between saves.  On one game, I was unable to build terraforming -- so I could not terraform my planets; on another, I was unable to build Robo-Miner.One frustrating missing feature of multiplayer is locking players to the civ they start in the event (more like eventuality) the game has to be continued from a save -- so when a host reloads a multiplayer game due to a crash or folk just having retired from a long game to continue another night, random players connecting in will be assigned the civs that previous players had been playing and block the original players from being able to play them ... seems silly they wouldn't code in a 'lock' of some sort so only either the original player can play the civ, an AI or if the host decides to open up that civ for other players, but as it stands you can't really stop this from happening except to ask the new player to change to a different previously-AI-controlled race or leave the game.Overall, I like the game, and I do recommend it to fans of the series.  Its nowhere near as bad as MOO3 ... but don't expect it to quite be at the level of MOO1 or MOO2; it has some shortfalls and some bugs.  If you find it on a good Steam Sale, and you are a fan of the series or at least the genre, I definitely recommend a grab."
,Recommended,298050,24365230,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,adityasitumeang,"it needs so many improvement, yet i still enjoy it."
,Recommended,298050,21477545,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Slingblade,"I have been fairly impressed with this game considering the developer. Graphically its nothing too special, lots of the effects are clearly just the early placeholders but the models and lip sync are pretty good. The original music for each race is in whenever you have diplomacy which is great. Speaking of diplomacy, the voice acting is way more than I had ever expected it to be.  All in all for early access its a 7/10. With the addition of new races it could easily get to 9/10. My major gripe is that it just feels a lot more shallow than the previous installments but then again, we did suffer through MOO 3, which is a travesty."
76561198001864293,Recommended,298050,21485483,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,chronobomb,"Overall:I am very impressed.  MOO was great for the time, I loved MOO2, and hated MOO3 before the community patch.  There are multiple areas that need depth, but the outline of a very complex games is defintely in place.  It a gorgeous game that will make any further attempts of nostalgia playing MOO2 difficult.So far the game seems really good for early access.  The game is playable and only crashed to desktop twice in the past 10 hours.PROS:+This game is beautiful and has that sense of discovery missing from GalCiv or SOTS+The additions to diplomacy and the diplomacy screens are awesome.+Voice acting is usually verry well done.+The RTS battles are pausable, and you can slow them down by 1/4ths to easily control you units and special abilities.+The research tree really makes you make some tough choices on what you want to specialize in.+The ship customization is easy to use, but still allows for a lot of variation.+Space Lanes, now you can have defensible systems and war fronts. Careful of those techs that let them get behind you.+Weapon Arcs, it's important to maneuver around to flank big powerful frontal attackers.+The AI reacts well to what you are using against them and pools their fleets for large powerful attacks to break through your defenses as well as going after undefended planets.Cons:-A lot of techs aren't fully implemented (Alpha)-Weapon customization doesnt change the base stats so its difficult to determine if its worth it-Ship appearance custimization does not allow you to change colors making patterns difficult to see-Some of the voice work is annoying: Looking at you Psilon Science Guy-Auto save is only for the immediate turn.-Very little Game customization allowed currently. Not sure if more will be added.-Does not allow you set formation before battles and formations are very wonky.-Races have very minor variation (Hope this changes) Not sure if some get specific techs or not.This is going to be a great year for the Space 4x.  Will Wargaming or Paradox take the title for the GOTY?"
,Recommended,298050,23629263,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,PlanetEvolve,"The king is back! The new master of orion is an incredible game, and definetly the best 4X game of 2016."
,Not Recommended,298050,26408041,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Meliora,"People who are interested in this game fit into four categories.1: Old school MOO fans.2: Space 4E players waiting patiently for a title that innovates.3: People new to the genre attracted by marketing.4: Those uninterested in the genre, attracted by the cast of voice actors.Regarding Group 1This game lacks the majority of MOO's features, does not recreate the feeling of that game, and generally should not be considered as MOO HD.Regarding Group 2Space empire games' downfall is that they all basically clone MOO with their own twist.  If you're waiting for one to finally advance the genre beyond that basic, stale foundation, then getting the one named after MOO probably isn't the best bet.Regarding Group 3It's not balanced at all, and the AI is so cheated that it's obvious from the beginning of the game, onward.  Absolutely any other space empire game would make a better introduction to the genre.Regarding Group 4The voice actors read description cards and greetings.  The rest is poorly-written sophomoric humor from intrusive cinematics offering little useful information.In ConclusionIt's also simply not fun.  The same game can only be cloned so many times to be sold with misleading ""screenshots"" and ambiguous marketing before you can practically smell its stench within two turns."
76561197972212656,Recommended,298050,25158267,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Peo01,"Master of Orion 4 is not a remake of Master of Orion 1 or 2.It's pretty much the game we needed instead of Master of Orion 3.You see, back when MoO3 was announced I was very interested in it.MoO2 was one of the games that kickstarted my love for videogames and boostedmy switch from consoles to pc.The horrendous ui, bad ai and terrible gameplay mechanics in MoO3 killed my dream of a more modern and refreshing MoO experience and as such left me with replaying MoO2 countless times.Which by no means should be interpreted as bad, because to this day I still love booting up MoO2 and the original CD-ROM plus euro box are on display on my shelf.However as much as I love MoO2, it has flaws and with these flaws it would never survive a simple remake in today's gaming world.Game franchises of the older days like Civilization, Total War and X-COM have shown that slow paced 4X games aren't dead, but at the same time require careful updates to keep up with today's audience.And all of these changes are usually either dumbing down game mechanics (Hi, Total War post Medieval II) or changing the franchise itself to a certain degree, making it far more accessable for newcomers (X-COM 2).I have to admit it's not the worst approach, it's actually not even a bad one when done well.X-COM 2 and Civilization V have shown perfectly how we can get very fun and deep 4X games that proceed to build the bridge between ""casual"" 4X and the ""number crunching"" ones.Master of Orion 4 is such a game.Hate it or love it, it's the Master of Orion I would play in multiplayer with people younger than me or those who had no previous interest in 4X games.MoO2 would just make the average joe turn away from the genre with it's focus being more on the number crunching and in-depth game mechanics rather than the steamlined approach of MoO4.Now of course it's great that the game caters to a wider audience by including those that have no previous experience with the genre, but what of the ""veterans"", those who have played 4X games since their earliest incarnations?It's pretty simple, either you can appreciate what the game does in it's own way, or you'll never like this game.I wrote in the very beginning that MoO4 isn't a remake of former games of the franchise.It's a new game in the franchise, taking new approaches and changes to not only simplify existing game mechanics, but also adding new ones.Take the change from tactical to real time combat for example.I like that change, I also liked the real time combat in games like Imperium Galactica II, I loved the newer Sins of a Solar Empire for it's great real time 4X approach.It's not only more graphically pleasing, but also interesting in it's own way.Turn-based combat leaves a lot of it's representation to the player's imagination, which is enjoyable, however also confines it into a corner of the room.To put it simple, turn based combat is methodical, more like a puzzle, while real time combat also relies on player instinct and ability to adapt to situations quickly.They're too different to each other, but interesting for exactly that reason.Turn based combat in any game makes me want to min-max my troops performance as much as possible, granting me perhaps the chance to turn a devastating loss into a victory by making the puzzle pieces fall into the places I want them to be.Real Time combat fills that itch of mine to do my best possible within the time granted.It's decision making on the fly, identify the outcome, proceed or change the tactic used and workwith the results to prepare for the next step.And that describes MoO4 perfectly, too.It's not MoO2, it didn't try to be to begin with.It's a game on it's own.Does it have flaws?Oh yes it does, some of which prolly won't be fixed until later and some of which are flaws of the genre itself and are unlikely to be ever ""fixed"".MoO2 had flaws, too.Different ones, from a different genre subtype.Did these flaws make it a bad game? By no means.Do the flaws in MoO4 make it a bad game? By no means.As such I recommend to buy MoO4 to anyone who likes the 4X genre in itself and not just certain subtypes of it.It certainly isn't a game for someone who only appreciates the number crunching Paradox-esque 4X games of this world, but for people like me who enjoy all the subgenres it'll be a good gaming experience.Major negatives on the current build (As of 26.08.2016):- Tactical combat maps are too small- No tactical combat in MP- Tactical combat duration still feels a bit short"
,Recommended,298050,21533729,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Aurumlamina,"Master of Orion is still in Early Access so I won't type up an in-depth review yet.  What I will say is that if you were a fan of the series in the old days, this new version is shaping up to be even better than any part of the original trilogy if the developers play their cards right!I finished off a campaign yesterday and it was an absolute blast.  You can tell it's Early Access, but just barely, and the game as it is, I feel, is already worth the money.  The fact that I also got the original trilogy packaged in was also a nice bonus.I recommend it to Master of Orion fans and those who love 4x games in space!"
76561198008021402,Recommended,298050,21486664,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,dangbarbuto,"Just finished my 200th turn, and decided I've played enough to give some substantial feedback. They game of course is in early access, and several races are not playable at this point as well as some features that are sure to come at a later date. That being said, the game is absolutely playable, no bugs that I have encountered, and is entertaining as it is engrossing.MOO and others like it are the sort of games that take up HOURS of your life in an eye blink. You are so enveloped in what your are doing that you are eagerly advancing turns to get that colony ship to that prime real estate planet before your neighbor, or rushing that ship to change the tide of war in a contested system.  That is what I want from a game, and so far I have not been disappointed.The game's workings are fairly easy to understand, there is no tutorial match available (that I was able to access at least) but they game has an abundance of hints. Some things were a bit of a mystery, like worker strikes, but playing long enough provided the explanation needed. It's a straightforward game and unlike MOO3 (which was my favorite, don't judge) its streamlined things to a point where you aren't having to micromanage every aspect of gameplay. I am surprised with how well the game plays so far that it was put into Early Access. Stellaris may have a thing or two to do with that. We are still missing some races as I mentioned above, but other than expanding the map sizes, adding the races, beefing up the tech tree, I don't see much else that needs to be done.Space combat is pretty much just like MOO3, over in 30 seconds. I don't think it has ever been MOO series strong point. The bombardment screen is really disappointing. I loved MOO3's planetary bombardment, It was visceral and made me feel like ""This is genocide, the systematic extermination of all life on Arrakis!"" Now it's ""bloop"" you dropped a bomb, there goes item A, B, or C. That's something I would like see fixed up before leaving Early Access.Planet management is similar to other 4x titles, but like I said previously, you can fully automate planet management and no micro management required. I picked a large map and was a little miffed at first. It seemed so small, especially compared to MOO3. But as I played it became clear that just 4 or 5 planets is enough to keep you busy. Still, I want 200 plus star system maps like M003 in the future (Huge map size perhaps?)The AI is fairly predictable, scooping up and taking every available world and stellar object available to them. I would have to play longer to say this isn't the case for all AI, but so far it seems to be. A little more variety would be nice to see, but with Early Access things are going to change. Some variation besides the rush, turtle, and other playstyles would be interesting. Maybe a randomized ""arch enemy"" that the AI will go after over all else, even if it's on the other side of the map.I've played Star Ruler, Endless Space, Distant Worlds, Space Empires, Galactic Civ, etc. For me, MOO is the most fun to play and the one game that I believe will manage to keep my interest for longer than a few hours. However, I am eagerly awaiting Stellaris, and that could change things up quite a bit. Masters of Orion has more than just an homage to look and lore of the games previously in the series, it is very much a game of its time. Smooth gameplay, nice graphics, an easy but useful UI, I'd venture to say this game is about as good as a successor to the Master of Orion series as there could be.TLDR: The game is a solid 8/10 even in Early Access. With the collector's Edition it's worth its 50 dollar price.UPDATE: Finished a playthrough. Dissappointed by the 500 turn limit, wanted to see more of the tech tree than I did. I only ever lost one battle, and its because I didn't simulate it when I probably should have. AI needs to up its game. If I could tell the developers one thing it would be this: Expand on everything. More detail, more ship templates, more systems, more more more."
,Recommended,298050,21475223,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Fizzlenuke,"Just played the game for 11 hours strait, very fun game. I've never played MoO before but this was an amazing experience."
76561197966309472,Recommended,298050,25048587,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,l1quidsunlight,"I lived for Master of Orion 2. The sound of colony ships landing, the blast of plasma cannons, the excitement of Battle at Orion and Antares... Just awesome. I've also been hugely dissapointed as so many others have failed to recreate the magic (MOO3 being a total disaster). Even the recent Stellaris didn't capture my imagination.I'm pleased to say that IMO, this game gets the magic right. It's fun, it's creative, it's challenging. It's the magic of MOO but with a new twist. They get the little details right and that's what makes this a fun experience and is already ruining my sleeping pattern...!Buy it!"
,Recommended,298050,21484074,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Logicbomb,"Love Love Love. If you liked MMO 1 or MMO 2 then don't waste you time reading reviews, get playing!"
76561198040834058,Recommended,298050,21473862,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Sabotage,"A nice game even at alpha. Though a bit too pricey. Felt like a 30€ game, but that saying it is in alpha. I loved the original games and think this has a lot of potential."
76561198026747156,Not Recommended,298050,26345722,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Blacklight,"Not a good game, wouldn't recommend at all in fact I've asked for a refund.I found it to be very formulaic offering nothing new or interesting to the 4x scene. I knew this was not going to be revolutionary based on the reviews but there's literally nothing that's even slightly interesting to set it apart from it's competitors.Elements of the UI were pretty badly designed (the build queue for starters) and felt very unsatisfactory.Sadly this is a poor reflection on what was a great series of games in the past.Stick with Endless Space or Stellaris, neither of which are perfect but both are better than this."
76561197976312757,Recommended,298050,32729298,Posted: 24 June,all,Destyre,"I'm not sure where all of the hate comes from with this game: I actually think it's a pretty good, if standard 4x game.Many of the reviews put me off of trying this, stating that Stellaris (which I also have) or  Endless space 2 are better.That is where I disagree.Stellaris is a very different game. In that, just like in MoO, you research and micromanage your empire, sure, but it has a completely different feel to it. Stellaris is a very slow affair and the AI cheats like you wouldn't believe. Great game regardless, but they are different games entirely.MoO is much more like Endless Space 2, if only mechanically. Endless space 2, however, I feel is a let down. Combat is cinematic and the AI in battles is stupid to the point of frustration. In Master of Orion, you get full control. If you want full control that is. Then you have the trianglar textures, no doubt done for artistic purposes which make everything look like they are origami creations. You have the droning, depressing atmosphere of ES2, where the soundtrack was basically ripped out of Songs of Praise (google it if unsure what that is - choir singing. Horrible).MoO is a worthy addition to the 4x genre and by no means the worst. If anything, it's standard. It doesn't add anything new, but that's hardly a crime if you go into it expecting a solid 4x and not a revolution in the genre. If you want something different, go for Stellaris.Master of Orion is a bargain on sale. So is Stellaris. You could get both and have a very different experience. Just don't listen to the critics who praise ES2 and it's trianglar, choirboy cutscenes.Master of Orion is also abbreviated as MoO. So when your friends ask what you are playing, you can just make cow noises like an immature man child. That alone makes it worth it."
76561198031169814,Recommended,298050,21452751,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Hercron,"Outstanding remake of a old favorite.  Can't wait to see what the future holds.   Other companies that decide to make remakes of games such as Master of magic, ect, TAKE NOTE!  This is how you do it!  Great job guys"
,Recommended,298050,24625018,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,cold tea drinker,i never played moo2 but i think this game is good :)
76561197990743732,Recommended,298050,21609516,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,tomroseuk,I loved this in my younger days. Probably very responsible for nearly failing my degree. Now its back. I've only had a short play so far but certainly feels familiar and looking forward to this developing further.
76561198124688371,Not Recommended,298050,30507107,Posted: 14 March,all,Rex,"When you first play the game, it looks very polished. Many of the characters are well voice acted and all have interesting animations. You feel like you're playing something that COULD have been a AAA title.Sadly, that's not the case.As I explored the races and played the game quite thoroughly I found that in the combat aspect, most play pretty much the same as the others. On the economic scale, there are differences. On the colonization aspect, there are differences. But in warfare, which ends up being a significant portion of the gameplay? Almost none.I began to realize that the given assistants you have aren't as charismatic as the race leaders, and some are down right so annoying with their overly cartoonish actions that I began to avoid specific races.After trying almost every race, I began to realize the game felt essentially the same. The long campaigns often ended similarly. There was nothing guiding me to different victories. Win or lose, it always happened in the same way.I thought the game would have new life with its expansion, but I realized after its release that it was essentially content that SHOULD have been in the game from the start, and this might be another case being fed an unfinished game in order to get you to buy the rest of it later.The initial bundle pack wants you to pay quite a bit for very old previous games and a new race which is even more ""more of the same"" in that it's just humans with a meaner leader and no new ships, technology, etc.Then I looked to multiplayer. My friends enjoy games similar to this. It could be fun working together or against each other!The multiplayer is completely gutted, for reasons I don't really understand. Although the team tried to fix some of the issues with the game, this was never anything more than numbers fiddling, and resulted in many people on the forums reporting that the game was virtrually unplayable.I want to note that I never had an issue monitoring pollution, and thought it was an interesting aspect. But I may not have played it since the last patch.The multiplayer also lacks actual combat. Your fleets autoresolve their battles off screen.The combination of poor AI (reportedly going from offering no challenge, as I often experienced, all the way up to utterly unbeatable, with little to no middle ground), lack of combat, and generally poor management pushed me slowly from being super excited about this game to realizing that I was offered something shiny.. but that was just the wrapping, and underneath was a rusted hunk of junk.I can not strongly enough push the importance of this to you. They made it look good, but only enough to sell the game and keep you playing just long enough that you can't get a refund. By the time you've explored the game, it's too late. They have your money.IT IS LITERALLY A TRAP.I held out. I hoped. But it's been 3 months now since the Devs left with out a word. This game is dead and despite its real potential, it will never be allowed to become what it should have been. I'm not angry just at my money lost, but at the potential tossed to the ground. It COULD be SO GOOD. You can see it while you play it... but they won't let it be. And that disrespect to both the customer and the product they themselves created is why they don't deserve your money.That is all."
,Recommended,298050,21482198,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Pratusion,"Yesterday afternoon I sat down skeptically to play a game that I enjoyed greatly in my childhood.  This morning when my game ended after killing enough of everyone else to vote myself as dictor, I sat back and really had a great time.  I know it is early access and tried despertately to find a bug, there were none that I saw. Yes items were not implemented, but that was expressly told to us.  The things that were put in the game worked fantastic, the artwork was great, and the AI was fun! Looking forward to adjusting them to be more difficult but this taste test was a real nice reminder of what makes this series so good.  Highly recommend even in this early access state!"
76561198108540741,Not Recommended,298050,22888644,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,jr_leclair,"Like Many others, I have been waiting for this game for a very long time.  I spent countless hours and many lonely nights as a teenager playing MOO 2, and it was revolutionary.  Only to have the francise and name get dragged through the mud with releases that were progressively worse with each release.  This latest installment is not excluded from that plummet from greatness, and downright borderlines on being used as coaster... Well if it were an actual Game CD and not a digital download, but you get the idea.Like many have said before, the AI is terrible and completely boring.  A faction whom you were friends with, all of a sudden asks for money like a crack head in front of the gas station, and when you refuse the will declare war on you within a few turns, unless you are considerably stronger than them, hey even crackheads know what battles to pick.The diplomacy is completely ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.  It is so easy to exploit any other race on any difficulty level that it does not even seem fair.  Imagine telling a 5 year old that you will give him a $20 baseball mitt for his leather satchel full of $100 bills, don't ask me how he got that satchel, I just know he has it.Combat is atrocious!!!  Visuals are decent, but get very redundant and boring after the 3rd time seeing the exact same thing.  If this were still 2010 the graphics would be amazing... Unfortunately it is 2016, and for today's standards, they are quite poor, with little to no interaction.Even with all of the die hard fans, pleading and begging for the developers to change the combat on every forum that I have read, there does not seem to be any change in sight.  If I had the control to do so, I would fire every single one of the pilots and captains of my ships, because they fight like they have been drinking everclear and doing bong rips all night.  Not utilizing any of their weapons (yet another steaming pile of dung aspect) to their potential or capabilities.  Don't even bother with guns or beam weapons, just build all missle ships and you should have no problem, as they are way over powered, and anyone who happens to be on the recieving end, literally has no defense...  Yes point defense weapons exist, but they too are being operated and developed by the same people that have been pulling all nighter parties with my digital pilots.Tech tree = Garbage...  Unlike MOO 2 where I was Sooooo excited that my little digital aliens worked their butts off to get the newest cool techs to help me conquer the galaxy, these little guys do the same thing, however its so boring and redundant that I could care less, at no fault of thier own... These little alien nerds are doing the best they can with what they are given.The early access games have now are an amazing way to for developers to make money from us poor saps, to help them continue development and make it better for the fans and players.  But these guys seem to have taken the money and ran.  Seemingly none of them have been listening nor reading forums, for what the true fans want to see in MOO again, because none of it exists.I cannot recommend it to ANYONE!!! I can say pretty confidently that both fans of the series will feel just as violated and sad as I did (like a virgin on prom night), and even if you have never played the MOO series before and are just looking for a good Space 4X game, there are far better ones out there for much cheaper, that will give you so much better experience then this failed abortion will.Now with all the bashing out of the way... If this is truly NOT the end product, and the devs decide that care more about putting out something great again, as opposed to a money making scam, then I would love to give it the old Siskel and Ebert two thumbs up.  But until then I shall remain in a disarray and wish that I would have quit after 2 hours of play and requested a refund."
76561198018653635,Recommended,298050,23263967,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,vault_dweller,"As a true die hard fan of the MOO Series,, I am glad to see a reboot of this classic game.  I feel it has truly has the spirit of the old games."
76561197970434514,Recommended,298050,24395206,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,zharadan,"I am a fan of MOO2, and I do feel that this new version really does keep alive the humourous, fantasy feel of that game.  A great deal of effort has been put into the looks and music of the game, both are very good and give a very polished feel.I've played it three times now, and each game has been a great deal of fun.  However, each of those games, the last being on 'Very Difficult' difficulty was so very easy to win - something really has to be done about the difficulty of the game (and please don't let the AI cheat!).  Given this is early access, this can be forgiven for now though... it'd be great to see the Antarans from MOO2 brought back in to weaken the player with the most star systems or some such.  Oh, and a more impressive ending animation wouldn't go amiss!"
,Not Recommended,298050,25188200,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Tasker 2016,"Stunningly mediocre.  Pick up Master of Orion 2 for 5 bucks somewhere and play that instead.  It's a much better game.Specific complaints:- The AI is terrible.- The tech tree is poorly thought out, lacks differentiation on many techs, and the choices on some techs are a joke: there's one clearly optimal tech (i.e. Microbiotics vs Cloning Center) and one trap tech.- Pointless micromanagement of things like pollution and spies.  Adds nothing to the game and simply forces the player to waste time micromanaging basic stuff.  Poorly thought out mechanics.- Not much difference between racial traits compared to what we saw in MOO2.  The radical differences in gameplay between Silicoids and Elerians in MOO2, for instance, are pretty much smooshed into ""Silicoids don't need food.""- The real time combat is OK, but shallow.  Face weapons toward target and focus fire.  Done.- Ship design is pretty simple, and that's a shame.  Instead of putting in nonsense like pollution cleanup micromanagement, ship design is where that effort should have been placed.The game as a whole is just shallow and half-baked."
76561198180670705,Not Recommended,298050,29855832,Posted: 11 February,all,Le.Marquis,"I really tried to like this game, but what drives me ultimately away are the technical difficulties.Besides several bugs ( for example a freeze in the space battle screen, you have to abandon the battle as a solution), the performance makes it unplayable for me. After several turns, of course in a large galaxy with maxed out numbers of NPCs, the time between turns grows up to ten minutes. If you want to change the profession of your population, it often takes up to one minute, to change one unit.I tried it on two PCs, one is more powerful and has a SSD, and the problems stay the same. ( I didn't use a stop watch so I can't say if it gets like 10% faster. But it's still tediously slow)I doubt that a real high end PC could handle it, it seems to be a problem of the optimization.There are also balance issue, especially concerning the AI, but that's partly subjective and a lot got balanced out by the 5x mod.(The AI never uses big ships, except for antarans. And even though it takes so much processing time, they don't use intelligent tactics)"
76561198065937103,Recommended,298050,31589834,Posted: 6 May,all,funk_bryan,"Not sure what all of the 'dumbed down' or the many many insulting comments are for in these reviews. If you have a complaint, complain about it.now for my review:this game IS almost exactly the same as its previous incarnations. (i have played each one extensively over the years) obviously things were changed in each and could not all be included in this version. i have spent hundreds of hours playing this game. it is not dumbed down unless you play on the easiest mode with the tutorials all on. it is a HUGE leap in graphics and the voice acting will give you the shivers.the game is still being tweaked. balance is not always there. But it is almost perfect.there are bugs, but what game doesnt have bugs?its amazing how many bad reviews there are with no complaint in them but superficial or pretentious complaints. nothing about actual game play or performance issues.sad really. this is a great game with a bunch of wanna be noobs trying to act cool"
76561198042768697,Not Recommended,298050,26337824,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,howardwillard,"A dummied down game compared to previous installments in this franchise and the genre in general. This game is lacking in depth and complexity and from mid game onward it becomes quite podantic. Many features and elements that made previous MOO games remarkable are missing or understated in this game. I have played since day one of early access and with each update my frustration grew to the point where I'm almost ready to delete it and never look back.The way to fix it for me would be to introduce the missing races and features from previous MOO games like tactical combat, unique feeling and playing races, heroes and govenors, expanded custom race creation, to name a few.The way to lose me forever, releasing any of the aforementioned items as DLC that costs extra."
76561198032333158,Recommended,298050,22316065,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Anquietas,"Great Game mostlyCrashes on exit and most of the races dont attack when at war with you though but hopefully these will be fixedMain issue is with the Kahnate since they are just a reskin of the Human raceConsidering Alpha Centuri is likely to be one of the first systems to be colonised then their ships should look different from the Humans unless they split within the last (in-game) decade or soPersonally I feel that the Meklon ships suit the Kahnate more while the Meklon should have ships that look more like intertwined tubesAnd with all the terraforming tech in the game there is no way to freeze a lava planet?The diplomacy is also painful as the other race will ask for money and hate you if you say no but wont give you money if you ask, if a system similar to the diplomacy in the Endless games was used were you could see a rough idea of what each item is worth like:Their maps are worth 20 'favor' and a bulk payment of 50 cedits are worth 25 'favor'Then when they ask for free money they are giving 'favor' for you to use later"
76561198008636885,Recommended,298050,21487200,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,SirRobin,Reminds me of MOO and MOO2. Does not remind me of the mess that was MOO3. Starts to get stale after a few hours but hopefully that will be addressed by release.
76561197995563416,Not Recommended,298050,21452341,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Billy,"Master of Orion 2 is my definitive favourite strategy game, no 4X game has ever gotten as close to near perfection as far as I am concerned. I have played MoO2 for probably thousands of hours since I first bought it about 18 years ago, and still play it a couple of times every year.From the first early teasers I was really hoping this game would be a true Master of Orion sequel. I went in to play for two hours. Forced myself to stop just before the 2 hour mark due to feeling VERY, VERY dissapointed, then I went to watch several youtubers to see more of what the game has to offer.*The races are dumbed down variants of their own MoO2 counterparts, the traits are little more than minor stat buffs in different fields. Not game defining traits that you based your core strategy around, and give each race a unique play style.*Technology has a civ-style tech tree, which do feel bland, thin and very constricted. I am happy they decided to hold on to one of MoO2s defining features, that you could only choose one discovery per technology. In MoO2, that was something that further allowed you to gradually define your empire and playstyle as the game progressed. However, this feature feels somewhat dumbed down in this game, as at the first tiers of research you get all the discoveries, cutting out some potentially very difficult decisions. Later on you will need to make choices however, which is nice.*Combat is very boring. While you CAN control your ships to some extent, especially if you repeatedly pause and overview their orders, they fights mostly manage themselves rather quickly.In MoO2, combat was a great, it was the climax of the game, where you finally got to test your ship designs against the enemy, and where your actions and tactics mattered the most. It was far from perfect, but it had potential to be FUN. There were definitely possibilities to improve, perhaps by getting rid of the coarce grid, reducing fleet-sizes or making huge fleets easier to manage, adding MORE weapons types, tactical options, etc, etc.But rather then keeping what was good and improving on it, they decided to make combat uninspired, dull and nothing like Master of Orion 2. (It is pretty tho).*Ship customization was the last huge feature of Master of Orion 2. Each ship had a maximum mass, and you could add ANY mix of weapons and modules into it. Mostly, each type of weapon was interesting and offered a unique tactical option. The process of creating ships was always interesting and challenging.This new Master of Orion does, very unfortunately, dumb this down... I feel constricted when it comes to customization. Weapons feel bland and lacks uniqueness. This lack of interesting ship design also further hurts the already boring combat.I was hoping for a reinvention of one of the best games in history, an improvement on what already was great. But this is not that, at least not yet.If they want to get my thumbs up, and amount to anything but being another failed MoO2-clone in my opinion, they need to do a total design-makeover and adress the immense dumbing down of the races and technology, find a better and more interesting way to design ships (likely with more subsystems and weapons). And most important of all: make combat something that is actually something more then a mere cinematic experience with minimal interactions.I will ask for my moneys back, but I will keep my eyes on the game. Perhaps eventually it will grow to finally be a decent game. But I doubt that will happen, as major design changes rarely happen this late in production.[EDIT] Thinking about it some more; this game is actually not that bad if you don't compare it to MoO2, there are no obvious game-breaking features that actually ruins the game. If you are in the market for a uncomplicated, mainstream space-4x, you might very possibly enjoy the game."
76561198116144428,Recommended,298050,22312116,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,sunsnow.other,"Master of Orion is going right way.Adding all fractions, bigger maps, Antarian attacks, making technologies ""have to choose"" and no turn limits - will get the game to the point where it should be."
,Recommended,298050,21486287,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Skhisma,So far so good. I hope they add workshop support.
76561198030864931,Recommended,298050,21468986,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Rustypipe,"Just completed a run through and have to say they really kept it true to the origonal.  It was like meeting back up with an old friend.  The map, ship creation, research, and overall feel is all there.  However there is a few things I wouldn't mind seeing:1.)   I would love to have an option to enabled turn based combat, even tho the tatical combat is nice with live action, I still feel your more in a rail cart ride then controlling it at a deep level like Master of Orion II.  However as I got near the end of my play through I started getting used to it but a 3rd option for FULL turn base would be nice2.)  I'm not sure if it just because of early access but I would like to be able to turn some of my weapons off while in tactical mode.  This would add a nice level of demension for when you take control of your ship.  Many times I didn't want to use a weapon and wanted to hold it off till I was in a more tatical situation but was unable to disable the weapons.  Hopefully they will add this prior to release3.)  Some of the effects on some of the weapons I wouldn't mind seeing enhanced along with the sounds being improved.  The death ray for instance I didn't even know my ship was shooting them until I zoomed in.  The same goes for the steller converter and some of the missels.  You should be able to tell the weapons clearly apart from each other while being a little more zoomed out on the battle field.  Also the sounds should give some indication as to what is being fired to help assist with this.4.)  I would like to be able to drill into my ships settings after they are built without having to dive into the ship design.  There was a few times with tech being updated so frequently I wasn't sure if something got updated or not on a current ship.  Maybe there is a way to tell and I just didn't find it in the GUI but it would be nice if you could see the load outs of current ships on the map.5.)   More Skins on the ship design, I know its early access so this is probably coming6.)  Would be nice if there was some other mechanic other then your allies getting♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off when you won't give them a tech that is 3 jumps up the tech tree from where they are sitting.7.)  Being able to tell what tech level your opponents are at in the diplomatic screen would be nice as well, just a general score or something.  This could even be locked behind a tech but would be nice to know.  The new network thing tells you every now and then but its not that frequent.Aside from these small gripes its the best Master of Orion since Master of Orion II.  It will really bring home some good memories and some good times.  Looking forward to retail launch!Conslusion (8/10) would recommend to friends, with a good possibliity some of these small things could get ironed out prior to release."
76561198008051414,Recommended,298050,21507222,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Marshael,This game is a really good game for being in Alpha.  It is crisp and responsive and has many ideas taken from the original.  There are still some elements not implemented yet but the parts of the game that are live seem to be glitch free.  As of fan of the original MoO I think this is a worthy successor.
76561197997834152,Recommended,298050,21467285,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,psycd4u,"I loved the original, and I like this. As an early access version, the graphics are pretty great, and the sound and voice overs are awesome. I'd like to see the tech tree a bit more complex, and more complex ship design. I believe these are coming in later versions, and I'm excited to see what the release version will bring."
,Recommended,298050,21588986,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Gibbles,"Great game for how early access it is. Given enough time, this game could be a 9/10. In it's current state, I give it a 6.5/10, due to it's lack of depth, terrible AI, and just how easy it is. Only purchase if you want to support the devs/beta test the game."
76561197964686590,Recommended,298050,21888751,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Speedy-Micro,"I feel it's way too premature to review this build. The package itself is a decent value purchase. There is a lot of work that needs to be done, more than I would expect for an initial early access on a major brand featuring the voice of Luke Skywalker.I'm worried that hype and brand is stronger than the content to drive sales. So far, I feel very skeptical while wishing a concerted effort to improve this game because I want it to be great. The AI is worst part right now as there is no challenge. The tech tree is far too linear and uninspired to be enjoyable. I feel like I'm being given the illusion of choice. It just doesn't feel tactical. A second, third, fourth, and fifth, playthrough and I can't seem to will myself to do any research choices differently. The advisors you are forced to interact with in game make you feel like a young child with the exception of the humans. I wasn't expecting that from a complex strategy game, and if I wanted a cartoonish casual experience I'd go play candy crush.Overall, there's potential, but there has to be some real changes in direction to encourage replay value, challenge, and choice. The graphics are much improved over previous titles, yet the interface isn't as good and often annoying. Think pop-ups and try not to puke. Package value and potential change from this early Alpha have me providing a thumbs up."
76561198012715442,Recommended,298050,22359175,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,delkath,"I picked this up as soon as it was released and initially I was very dissapointed, however, after all the fine tuning they have been doing I would recommend picking up this title if you are a fan of 4x games.  For me, it is in a solid state with little to no bugs and feels like a pretty complete game.  My latest game is on about 14 hours now and I am enjoying the heck out of it."
76561198030884284,Recommended,298050,23005721,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,babo111,Great spiritual successor.  I like how iterative it is and actually feels like real beta.
,Recommended,298050,22819844,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,polaris.ursa,"I would like to start by saying I wish there was an indifferent option for reviews. Because I'm on the fence about this game and my review. There are many things I like and many I don't. Overall, though, I feel like it's a pretty decent game and if you like 4X games you should check it out - just be prepared for some of the cheese.Pros: Really polished graphics and effects, transitions, user interface, artwork - they spent a good amount of time making a refined, professional game that looks and feels good. The voice-over cast is amazing and they did a great job breathing life and character into the game. The gameplay is smooth and intuitive and allows simple management and stats without overloading you with information and details and micromanagement. Overall the FEEL of the game is excellent - one of the best-looking 4X games made to date. To summarize - the game is very pretty and gets a lot of geek cred for the voice actor fame. Fookin' space bears man!Cons: Beauty is only skin deep. While there are some interestingly new minor elements to this game, it's pretty instantly recognizable with (and almost identical to) it's genre brethren like GalCiv3 and Endless Space. In fact, if anything, MoO:CtS is a more simplified version of the two other games with fewer options and a scaled-back depth of gameplay and management. What's especially bothersome is that the tech tree FEELS completely ripped-off from GalCiv3, down to the names of the techs themselves and the weapon systems (not to mention the cheesy newscasters announcing empire/galactic events of note). After all that, they added space bears with cheesy Russian accents - I love space bears but giving them a stupid name like ""Bulrathi"" and giving them Russian accents... Oy 9.9Summing it up: Despite its cons, I still enjoy playing the game and it's very pretty to look at. The lack of depth also means you can play through it faster than its 4X brethren. It's also a lot easier without FEELING like it is - you still feel like you're about to be overwhelmed at any moment by the opponents ganging up on you even if they never have the teeth to back it up. Is it worth $50? Well, since you get all of the other MoO games bundled in with that and you can still get a refreshing, new 4X gameplay experience for a good 20-30 hours, I'd say yes. YMMV!"
,Recommended,298050,22340832,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,SirDaimon,"Just finished my first playthough.I played the old games alot. and this game captures a fair amount of the old games.Heres the problems i have with it.-The Ai isnt too bright in deplomacy-Traveling outside of predefined starlanes comes a bit too late in the game it feels,-Travelling though the red warp points comes waaaay too late.-The Ai that handles the auto building does not take into consideration what your ""focus"" whether balance or production or food- the game started by default on low graphic settings.(which look beyond garbage)Of course i know the game is still in early access and more still needs to be done, and I accept that.I liked my time with it, but it felt too grindy, and slow."
76561198054510467,Recommended,298050,21494757,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,shadowfaxe7,For a lot of 'filthy casuals' and modern gamers this game is much more approachable than MoO2 will ever be - no matter what you try to do to it. The combat system was boring. The tech tree was enormous and a lot of it pointless - this game does away with a lot of what made it hard to get into MoO2 for a new player.The new MoO has virtually ignored Spreadsheets of Orion (MoO3) save for the starlanes (which is actually a pretty smart attempt to keep the map from being swarmed by one race through bottlenecks) and in simple speak this game is what it says it is on the cover.It is a reimagining (NOT a reboot or a remake - notice the word) of the ORIGINAL (MoO1 folks - not 2 or 3) Masters of Orion that is on a level that most casual and new players can enjoy without having to get out a txt file a mile long or cover their walls in spreadsheets.
76561198059076975,Recommended,298050,21466910,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Ogedei,"all I can say is my experiance.as a long time hard core 4x turn based strat gamer fan all I can sayfrom the bottom of my heart wargamer is thank you, thank you, thank you.its perfect (for early access).truly a worthy successor of MOOII.from what I have seen so far its like the producers pluckedmy dreams from my head and made it reality. I have always wishedthat what to me was the most perfect 4x game ever created-MOOII-was brought up to date graphicaly and fleshed out for todays computers.looks like you guys did it. in spades.you captured what to me made MOO 1 and 2 special, the perfect intersection of easy to access and engage UI and the deep balanced tech tree with rich diplomacy and espionage combined with nice and easy but deep ship design,for the perfect just one more turn addicting effect. THEN you added beautifull rich graphics and race specific intros, great voice work, everything i can imagine the original programers wished they wanted to do but could not because of tech limits. Then you stoped meddeling ""briliant because then you avoided loosing the magic alchemy of MOO and MOO2 and instead would have become the disapointing MOO3.  perfect.Its christmas times 1000.great job!!! now the only problem remaining is how i justifytaking the next week off work lol.xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxok seriously if you were a fan of the original legend MOO and MOOIIjust get this game. I wont say anymore other than bring a lot of tissue paperto mop up all the tears of joy you will be crying.again to the producers of the game.thank you from the bottom of my heartthanks for showing the gameing worldits not all about DLC and micro transactions.I can feel the love that was put into the game.for me it makes all the difference. Bravo job well done guys.nuff said."
76561198130898667,Recommended,298050,24377498,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,6-oh-N8,meh. not as good as previous installments but still recommend.P.S. play Stellaris instead
76561198087242126,Recommended,298050,21578528,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Cammunist,"I've never played any of the Master of Orion games before but if they're anything like the remastered edition I know I'm gonna love them. I've only played the game for a few hours but the game mechanics are simple enough to pick them up withour much effort, but it doesn't take away from the enjoyment of the game."
,Recommended,298050,24464703,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Amniku,"I very much like this game.Pro: Easy to learn, great graphics, well voiced.Con: Taxes are maxed to low. ships have no maintinece cost, but have a shaddow maitenence cost that is random. {example: build a cruser, income per turn goese from 65 to 33, build another, now -255}"
76561197976461087,Not Recommended,298050,30102429,Posted: 22 February,all,Traith,*waves hand* This is not the MoO you're looking for...Do yourself a favor; play Stellaris instead.
76561197993864252,Recommended,298050,21489845,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,†VLAD THE IMPALER†,This Game feels like a mix between Master of Orion and Imerium Galactica 2 which are probably my two favorite 4x games out there!. It has a nice big production feel to it which is something that has been missing quiet a lot from a lot of recent 4x titles.
,Recommended,298050,21473410,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Skyrek,"Played through one full game last night as the Bulrathi.  This is definitely on the right track to relive the glory of the past MOO games.  It  should only get better.Right now as it stands it played smoothly except they do need to may find a way to speed up the council voting sessions.  There was the only spot it seemed to dog down a bit on me with some time in between each one stating their vote and moving to the next.  Maybe a few more phrases would be nice during the voting too since I was already repeating their lines in my head on abstainting by the end.The graphics are looking good.  The different lokoing ship designs I saw througout for each race are great.  The interface is overall a pretty easy to manipulate around to what you want.Diplomacy is there, but definitely feels like it is still a work in progress.  It seemed pretty swingy at points for the way they got angry over things and was pretty hard to raise for me it seemed.  I do like how if you are friends with a race and you try to be friendly with their enemies they take notice.  There was always that aspect where wars and treaties were concerned, but just in general they appeared to pay attention to even the smallest trade of information.Space pirates were kind of interesting, though never seemed much of an overall threat.  They did destroy a reasearch outpost on an asteroid field at one point on me when my ships were halfway across the galaxy hunting down the remanents of the humans.  Usually I hunted down where they were coming from, took out their base, and then found a planet in that system to settle to make sure they would not try coming back from there again.I wasn't sure if the Council voting was at set intervals/turn marks or if something else was triggering when those came up.  So was a bit annoying at the end when it was down to me, the Alkari, and Mrrshan and we were all just hanging around for the next vote.  I was pretty sure I could win the next vote on my own, but requested/bribed the Mrrshan to toss their vote in with mine to make sure it was sealed.Things not in yet, but are coming and will greatly improve the feel of MOO:Spying:  There are some techs related to spying in the game right now, but none do anything since there is no spy network option.Race options:  Currently not in are some of my favorites including the Klackons, Darloks (makes sense with no spying and that being their strength), Meklar, and Silicioids.  Also no cusotm race.  However, they are greyed on on the startup selection screen so you do know all of those are coming :)Difficulty levels:  Right now can only play on average difficulty, which overall for veteran MOO fans or those that play other similar games a lot is just a walk through the park and enjoying yourself as you do.Would like to see:Planetary queue:  It'd be nice if I could queue up a few buildings/items at a time so I don't have to bounce back to the planets as often if everything is running well in the empire.  Obviously being able to modify/cancel the queued items will also be a plus in that situation.Galatic laws:  I could see this being a pretty cool addition if done right and let the council of races have something else to affect the state of the universe and of course relations depending on which side of the voting you go with.Technology splits:  I liked how some of the techs you were making the choice of which you would learn specifically and then you had to trade or eventually steal with espionage what you ddin't already learn.  I would like to see some more of those decitions within the tech trees, if it is possible wihout convoluting things way too far."
76561198107671729,Recommended,298050,21566754,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,jwclayton,Still raw and half-done (early access...) but a fantastic remake/whatever of a classic game.
,Recommended,298050,21482024,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Toffer,"Was a little worried aboutwargaming.net, but I shouldn't have been. They made a solid sequel to a great series."
76561198010767499,Recommended,298050,21469159,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,ethanw,Love this game so far if it continues on like it has then it will be a great game.
,Not Recommended,298050,23342097,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Remik,"I have to agree with most of the reviews.  For me, there are several failings:1)  Tech Tree.  It's basic.  There's no differentiation.  You plough through basically the same way regardless of race, and ultimately you don't really ""feel"" like any of it is making a difference.  You're simply clicking buttons to progress along the tree.  Sure, you're getting better ship firepower, but that's about it.2)  Race differentialtion.  There isn't any.  Yes, there's some pluses/minuses at the beginning but there's no feel for one race versus another.  Ships look a bit different, but as far as technologies go; you all have the same stuff.  The devs could learn a lot from Sins of s Solar Empire on this one.3)  Opponent AI.  It's terrible.  I managed to get everyone friendly and then ally with me.  Yes, all races.  You would think the game would be over since we're all in one big alliance.  No.  Then suddenly, one of them leaves the alliance and goes straight to hostile.  Not one other race keeps their word on the alliance.  They all leave, and all declare war on me the very next turn.  So don't bother with diplomacy.4)  Specialization.  It would be nice to have the ability for planets to be more specialized.  But you can basically build all developments on all planets.  Since you can terraform and even convert gas giants to planets laster in the game, there's almost no point in aggessive expansion.  All your planets can be turned quite habitable.  So, grab enough planets so you have have a solid defensive fleet...and sit there.  Race through the tech tree on the econmic advancements and get enough money to buy the market and win the econmic victory.  Every other victory takes much longer, and there's frankly no point.  Wars happen because of resource shortages.  Since you're not fighting over resources, then what?  They need a complete rethink and take notes from Civ 5.  Not everyone gets iron, oil, or aluminum.  Either trade for it, of fight for it.  That creates politics.  Since no planet (except for Orion itself) has any unique value, then I could care less fighting over any of it.5)  Pirates.  Outright atrocious.  They randomly spawn on any uninhabitable world and start creating ships.  Then they randomly attack anything they see, even if they are completely outmatched.  Again, Sins of a Solar Empire had a better pirate concept.  They were almost a faction of their own, and could be manipulated to attack your enemies.  I feel like they tried to go the Civ 5 route, but that doesn't make any sense in space.This game is just way to dumbed down.  No one is going to play this game for 8 hours for a single playthrough for this dull of a game."
76561198030832666,Not Recommended,298050,26191824,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,jroyer2,"It's not a terrible game in its own right, but compared to the original and MOO2 it is lacking.  There are no heroes and the gameplay is overly simplified.  If you played the first two in the series you will likely find this remake execptionally boring after a short period of time.  I wouldn't recommend spending more than $10 on it.  Perhaps it can be redeemed through DLC, but right now it's just not worth it.  It is really disappoing that both attempts to revive the series (MOO3 and this title) have really fallen short of even basic expectations."
76561198007524105,Recommended,298050,21480923,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Mordin,Good game over all and capture the feeling of the original.Pro:Very much like the originalsFaster paced than a lot of 4x gamesgood tech tree and ship classessence of scaleCon:Miss a few features from Orion 3Smaller than previous installmentsAI (But isnt that all 4x games)Excited for final version
,Recommended,298050,21480203,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Kahnite,"Master of Orion (reboot), so far ...(Editor's Note: I would classify this as ""Maybe"" as to ""Do you recommend this game?"", but there is no maybe catagory.  I would say on a scale of -10 to +10 it would fall around a 0 at this stage.)Right now, what we have is a reboot of MoO II, with not all the functionality implimented, but with the graphics updated and reimagined.UPDATE: If you are looking for a remake/update of MoO II, this is not it!  It is a reimagining of the franchise into a ""beer and pretzils"" game that can be completed in an hour or so, reguardless of size or complexity settings.  Not much strategy involved, just build and kill.  Die hard fans of MoO II will be disappointed.  If you're open to a simple, not very involved game, much like World of Tanks or World of Warships, then you might warm up to what WG is serving up here.Graphics are what you would expect from WG, fantastic.Depth of gameplay is minimal at this time, only 6 races are included at present. (Warning: The voiceovers have been processed to the point of being nearly unrecognizable.  Dorn sounds like Shultz.  Pity, Dorn has a great voice.  Only Hamill's and deLancie's voice are identifiable.)Map is way too small for 5 races.  There needs to be a readjustment as to the size ranges as even the largest map is only sutiable for 3  players.AI all play the same.  The only distinction I see is the Sakkra breed like rabibits (despite the Buthri being the first to get three planets) and being the most agressive, usually win.  Psilons never seem to get a good setup with other races running into them by turn 5 or 6, even with three players.Latest hotfix seems to be moving things in the wrong direction.  AI home systems will be within 5 systems of yours, causing you to be hemmed in between all of them before turn 20.  Talk about strangling the baby in the crib.Diplomatic choices consist of extort, gift and war if you go with the default 5 AI players.  Also be prepaired to fight after getting your first colony as this will trigger the neighbors to curb stomp your butt.On the other hand, if you start with fewer than 4 AI opponents, and you have the luck of a good set-up, then you have a chance to actually negotiate with the AI... for a while.Fail to agree with the AI once triggers a negitive slide in relations.  A second disagreement with the AI's attempts at extortion are met with war.Research is pretty much ""choose, wait, complete, refit, rinse repeat"".  I presume this will improve, though it will be interesting to see how.Also take note if the tech icons have a bar between them (the OR sign if you're a programmer) or not,if so, you only get one of the techs, which you get to choose after research is complete.As I proceed further and WG adds features I will update this review.  The skinny on this ""early access"" (2/26/2016) is ""Don't expect much right now.""Side Note: The early access also includes MoO I, II and III.  I have to say the folks at WG did a smashing job of repackaging these games.  MoO I and II run under Dosbox, MoO I is a bit finicky though and will crash on start up unless you set Dosbox to the game's original resolution (800x600).  MoO II runs flawlessly.  What really amazes me is they managed to repackage MoO III to run without having to install all the crap that it required when it was relesed.  My psyche still bears the scars of making my system unstable just to ""run"" (using the term loosely) the darn thing and arguing with the developers that it was a stupid idea to have 4 external dependancies.  Good Job WG!"
76561197966096024,Recommended,298050,21535088,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,rdobbs,"Although in Early Access, this game feels a lot like a finished title - WG Labs has done a pretty good job at recapturing the classic feel of Master of Orion in this reboot of the series.  A lot of people complain about some of the game's systems being 'dumbed-down' but if you are going to reboot the entire series, perhaps approaching the newbie to get them into the franchise is a good thing.There are some rough edges, truth be told - but the developer seems to be actively working on it, so I'd have to give this two bear thumbs up!"
,Recommended,298050,21475492,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,=CSG=Granny,"Small version of the classic nicely done, not sure if it's worth the $50, feels like a $30, but there are more things unlocking as we go on."
76561198122420415,Recommended,298050,21504940,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,ikmalhm01,Good game. Had major slowdowns in the galactic council screen. Will play more 😁
,Recommended,298050,21498254,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Alotor,"MOO2 is one of my favourite games of all time. This new MOO is great, very, very polished for an early access and you have the same feeling as with the older games.My only concern is the space battle system. I loved the tactical management of the battles, i can only hope they rebump the system before the official release."
76561197978782926,Recommended,298050,21593237,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,vonGecko,"This impression is based on playing 36 hours of the Early Access game.Even in the early access state, this is a very enjoyable space 4X game with the following standout attributes:Well designed, intuitive UI that provides easy access to fleet control, research, and colony managementGreat graphics all around (planets, ships, and cutscenes)Visually impressive, cinematic battlesGood game pacing, eliciting strong a ""one more turn..."" urgeThere is only one big gameplay issue that may turn people away - the choice to have all battles played in real time (with slowing & pausing) rather than the turn-based in previous versions of the game.  This is a personal preference that some players may strongly object to.  I played both the original MOO and MOO2 and loved them both and find this version as fun as the originals.There are other gameplay tuning aspects that anyone could make about the game in its current Early Release state.  These include number of playable races, diversity of the tech tree, quality of the AI, etc.  I would fully expect these to improve as the release date approaches.  Nonetheless, I am thoroughly enjoying the game across multiple replays even in its current state."
76561198117002233,Recommended,298050,21534957,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,val.atanasov,I haven't really done any reviews up until now but after seeing some of the negative reviews i thought I'd clear things up a bit. I'm old fan of the Master of Orion series so I will compare it a lot to the best one in the series MoO2.The developers took the same road Firaxis took while making the new XCOM Enemy Uknown compared to the 20 years old game. The extreme micromanagement has been dumbed down which is not a very bad thing. This new game has some very good ideas into it and still it keeps the old spirit in place.I know a lot of people are complaining that quite few aspects of the game are missing but this is an EARLY ACCESS!!! The developers have pointed out that a lot more is incoming before the game is officially released.I would recommend every fan of the Master of Orion universe and any 4X space fan to give this game a try and support it so we can make it become the real MoO2 successor!
76561197970670898,Recommended,298050,21826789,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Ishi Otoko,"Recommended for big MoO fans. It's a lot like MoO2. Almost too much, at times, but it's a great game. Still, I would like to see more original stuff in there. I'm hoping that they expand it with DLC much like Stardock has worked on Galactic Civilizations.That said, this is still in Early Access. There are many big pieces missing. Get it now if you are a huge MoO fan or interested in the genre--if you don't have MoO 1 or MoO 2 they are great games that are still worth playing, and the come bundled with the Early Access last time I checked.I am optimistic about the game, but ultimately I do hope there is more depth added in the core game and into the future with DLC."
76561198021951069,Recommended,298050,23916087,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Silvanoshei,"Going to keep this short and sweet.  Played Moo2 for 20 years, I have put super amounts of time into it.  Love it, not only do you get Moo1-3, but you get this fresh remake.  It's amazing, worth the money, and they're hard a work to make it good.  It's got some bugs (duh its EA), but I feel this is the right direction for Moo, and hope you try it out for yourself!  (Combat is awesome, I never liked end turning 200 ships in a fight, I understand why, but it was to ususally Hyper-X Cloak cheese victory, fun, but come on now lol)."
,Recommended,298050,22028309,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,[AGz]Caveman,"Lve it, brings me back to early 90's gaming without the shock of going back to 90's graphics."
76561197968440373,Recommended,298050,24838542,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,King Nothing,Cool
,Recommended,298050,21494420,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,[DOYM] Dutchie,"Great game. Still needs lot of work, also a lot like Endless space"
76561198007853952,Recommended,298050,21565167,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,The_Incredible_Hawk,"Recommended, with a but...I played a vast amount of MoO2, and I've spent decades waiting for a worthy successor.  I've enjoyed many 4X space games, but all of them had something that made them not quite as engaging as the granddaddy of them all.  In that sense, it's nice to see the Psilons or the hapless Bulrathi back.Unfortunately, in its current state, nostalgia is what the MoO reboot primarily offers.  The game plays essentially like MoO2 with some relatively minor gameplay changes.  The tech tree will be instantly recognizable to a MoO2 player, as will most elements of planet management, ship design, and overall strategy.  Real-time pauseable combat is new, but not terribly engaging, since most battles involve no more strategy than ""fly straight at the enemy and open fire"".In theory, I'd like to say there's nothing wrong with a new MoO2 updated to modern graphics.  But the reality is, as much as prior 4X games might not have unseated MoO2 as the best of the breed, they've each done interesting things.  Endless Space had neat unique planets plugged into a complex backstory, GalCiv III had complex ship design and a more strategic feel, and I was even a fan of MoO3's planet habitability and client species spontaneously colonizing your worlds.  You'd hope that the MoO reboot would incorporate some of the positive developments of the last 20 years without losing what made the original game great.  Unfortunately, at least in its current version, there's not much more game than we had in the 90s.  So at the moment I find myself hopeful that there's a lot more coming in Early Access than what we've seen right now.TL;DR: A gentle recommendation for nostalgia's sake; otherwise, wait to see how Early Access comes out."
76561197985757733,Not Recommended,298050,26372425,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,raidvvan,"I wanted to like this game, but unfortunately I could not play more than an hour or so. At some point, I need to block a pirate fleet in a node. I set my fleet to block, and when the pirates arrive, I say Simulate. The game goes in an infinite loop, nothing happens.No problem I say, I will play manually. Alt-F4, reload, then the manual play button is not there! All I can is Simulate, with the inevitable infinite loop.OK, I say, I will take the fleet off block, and just initiate the battle myself and fight manually. Alt-F4, reload, start battle. 10 seconds into battle, infinite loop again. Parts of the interface were still working, but play/pause were doing nothing.If the game is not able to handle a 2 vs 2 ship battle, sorry. Refund time. May buy again if ever it's fixed, but taking into consideration that over 8 months have passed since release, I won't hold my breath. Playing MOO2 now."
76561198027820307,Recommended,298050,25009518,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Volgrand,"Time to be honest (take 2)Some time ago I wrote a very negative review during the early alpha of this game. But many things have changed since then, and it is fair that I write a new one now.Interface, graphics and soundtrackThe interface in this new MOO is really similar to its predecessors. It has, however, some new tabs that are a delight for the macromanegement fans. The Empire Tab, that permits you to change your taxes, check all your colonies' production, research and food generation, as well as checking in a glimpse what each one is producing. The diplomatic menu is simple and intuitive, as well as the ship production one (but I'll go in detail about this one later). However I find that the fleet menu is useless -I literally could not find an space factory using it!Graphics are beautiful and work very well in the MOO game style. While they are not excellent, they are pretty enough to make your MOO experience appealing. The planet zoom looks gorgeous, with the colony lights, aerospace traffic, etc.The soundtrack follows the same path: It's not a OST that I would listen normally, but it works fairly well with the game itself.Ship designThe ship design is here this time, and it works fairly well. However I noticed that it has some problems; more particularly, your own designs may not work at all if you auto resolve the battles. In one example, if you design a missile specialist ship to stay behind the main combat line, you may find in auto resolve that your ship will be the first to die -as its defense values will be very low-.This may force you to control your own ships directly.On the other hand, while the ship designer is quite easy to use, it REALLY needs a filter system for the weapons and systems.DiplomacyAll right, now I can say this:it works. Previously all diplomatic stuff would go like ""give me that or I get grumpy"". This time I found more interesting things: alliance requests, allies driving you to war against another ally, requests to stop colonizing, and many ways to influence your relationship with the AI. Not a really complex mechanic, but yet complex enough to make you consider the diplomatic impact of your actions. ""If I ally the terran, would the humans get angry at me?"".Spies are thereThe spy system is very nice, indeed. You get your spies, infiltrate them in an enemy planet, and start performing your operations. The problems I see: First, it is absurdly difficult to accomplish a ""3rd level"" operation. Even with the darlok and specialized in spying, I manage to accomplish maybe 3 out of 200 failures.I also see that the AI will never kill one of your spies if they catch it. No matter if you are at full war, they will always deport the spy back. Thank you, AI!The diplomatic consequences of spying are really something to keep in mind. It could literally change a relation from ""friendly"" to ""Cautious"" in just one turn.Game changing: RTS space battlesAnd FINALLY they work properly!Basically, you can either full control the ships yourself or let the AI assist you. And the AI this time is smart enough! Ok, it uses pretty pre-programmed movements -battleships and bigger ships to the front, while frigates and destroyers try to flank the enemy-. But the important bit is that it really works, creating space battles that are realistic enough to enjoy.Still, the cinematic camera is very bad.Final review:Previously I said that this game was not worth being part of the MOO saga. Proudly I retract my words: After the last changes, Master of Orion is a very good relaunch for this franchise, and I recommend it to any 4x fan."
,Recommended,298050,22930258,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Singularity,"This game is similar to the Sid Meier frandchise; if you are more familiar with that. It's still in developement, and so far I think it's fantastic. It's definitely headed in the right direction. The Terran Khanate are worth getting in the Collector's Edition if you're the type who prefers to win by commiting genocide. Otherwise the Terran are interesting to play with. They like you a lot if you're willing to go to war with a lot of different races."
76561198025154545,Recommended,298050,21465618,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,eldernerd314,"The game appears to be about 85% finished.  I can't figure out how espionage works, so I assume that is not yet implemented.  Several races are not yet in the game.  A couple victory options are not yet included.  Game setup is sparse.That being said, the game is already in a very playable state.  Add to that, it's fun!  It really does feel like it will be a true successor to MoO 2.There are a few graphical bugs.  Sometimes my fleet fires weapons, but I don't see it.  Sometimes I click on something and nothing happens, but it works when I click again.  None of these are major issues.TL;DR:  The game is unfinished but playable.  A few minor bugs.  Preliminary verdict:  Fun!"
,Recommended,298050,23765518,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,ettibebs,Really love this game. There are some change to the original MOO formula but overall I think it's still true to it.The only thing I find missing is an hotseat mode.
76561197972537782,Recommended,298050,21503876,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Mimsy,I really wish they hadn't felt the need to include voice acting in this game. It's so bad it's difficult to describe to someone who hasn't experienced it.
76561198084273511,Recommended,298050,21479451,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Tsar99,Fun game and that is all that matters!
,Not Recommended,298050,29365815,Posted: 19 January,all,mipper,I have to say that this is just a very generic and bland 4x game. Nothing unique about it.It doesn't bring anything new to the genre or implements one of the well known mechanics in an outstanding way.In comparison to MOO2 it has lost a good portion of its charm. Most of the entertaining elements and game mechanics have been simplified to an extent that it is just boring.- Ship-Design is so simplified that they could have left it out- Combat is so boring- Travel is now limited to fixed routes- DLCs for races that used to be core racesI cannot recommend it.There are a lot of other 4x games on the market that are way more entertaining.
,Recommended,298050,21591783,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,fused,Found this really good so far for early access. My only cons:* Skip the galatic meeting faster* viewing structures on the world map is quite cumbersome* enable wsad keys for map movementHaving much fun.
76561198021919449,Recommended,298050,21592124,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Vir4030,"When I discovered this had been released, I was very excited.  I saw ""Mostly Positive"" and read the reviews, because I felt burned by Master of Orion III and I didn't want to waste $50.  It scared the hell out of me that all the reviews were negative.  It gave me the impression that I shouldn't buy it, and I carried a bitter taste in my mouth for a couple hours.  Then I decided to do it.  I played MOO1 when it was a new release, and I keep the disks on my desktop.  (the only floppies I have that are not in the attic)  I'm a game developer, and this game has always been a personal inspiration.So this review is coming from someone who knows and loves MOO.  I think this game is every step in the right direction.  I had so many concerns, and now I have none.  It looks to me like the designers went back to MOO1 and updated it.  I notice this isn't MOO4, it's MOO:CTS, right?  You could call it MOO4, if you wanted, but that sort of validates MOO2 and MOO3.  Now, I got MOO2 on release day, and I played the hell out of it and enjoyed myself very much.  I don't keep the CD on my desk, though.  I'll probably never play it again.  So I'm now happy to forget MOO2 and MOO3 existed, because these wonderful people have remastered a classic.Each part of the game stays true to the original, yet is reimagined using modern game development techniques.  Systems are fun to fly around, look great, and make good strategic choke points.  Ship Design and Tech Trees have familiar technologies.  Planetary economies are simple to manage.  Realtime combat is great.  I am very happy with the decisions that the designers have made.  It is a beautiful game, and lots of fun.When I reread the negative reviews now, they look like a bunch of people who don't understand the concept of Early Access, and that upset me enough to come on here and share.  I am a fan of the original MOO.  I enjoyed MOO2.  I thought MOO3 was horrible.  This game is MOO 2016, and it does justice to the original."
76561198063093643,Recommended,298050,21703267,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,tanskalainen1974,"I played the original Orion some 20 years ago and I loved it. I even bought a new computer to make sure I had the hardware to run the second when it was released. I played many hours and had a blast.This new one is going to be as good or maybe even better then any of the others. I strongly believe so and I recommend both new and old gamers to get this game. Its simple right now and no challenge to play the AI yet, but all the good basics are in place. Some tweaks here and there and some more content ( thats is promised to come) and this game will be THE game of this year."
76561198024291090,Recommended,298050,21492251,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,rtsguy,"OMG!!!! It is so beautiful!!If you loved MOO2, definitely get this game. New features and old ones comes together in a glorious package!Obviously some bugs. but super polished for an early release."
,Recommended,298050,21543602,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Bluefox-1A,"Does a reasonably good job at generating the MOO feeling in a soothing modern jacket.SP is okay, AI is way too dumb though. Also there are many (minor) bugs and a lot of tweaks are necessary (I will not sum them up here to avoid TLDR and they are mentioned in this forum extensively already anyway).Where the game convinced me was in MP. I play MOO2 a lot with a friend, so we couldn't wait to try it out. We had issues to start a game, but with some help we managed to start a game. Boy, were we in for a treat. We started at 10pm just to check it out but continued till 4AM.... The 'one-more-turn'-syndrome is strong in this one :)No it is not MOO1 or MOO2 but as a MOO enthusiast I am happy with this game as long as they finish the game properly (that is fix the bugs/issues and tweak it properly).I'm okay with the RT combat, as long as they improve that.7/10 right now. Will probably become a 8/10 after EA and has the chance to be 8.5/10 or 9/10 if they really push it."
76561198079596175,Not Recommended,298050,26683057,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Yurii,"Cons:1) Diplomacy = AI's proposals are ridiculous, and it almost never agrees to yours:E.g,Neutral AI gives 10 gold + their map, and for that generous proposal I should start war against their enemy. If I refuse, AI gots massive relationship hit with me. Funny? Not at all.Another example, AI asks to open borders, but refuses not to settle colonies near you, and then gets mad when you close your borders.2) Ship Design = cool at first sight; but much worse when you get into it, resulting in ""more guns = win"".Almost all modules are horribly worse compared to additional weapons.3) Warfare = waiting game if you want to conquer:just wait for midgame massive ships...and wait again for AI to get into another war and then declare on it...and then wait again to build your troop-ships who will sieze planets...and then wait again and again to gather all them in one sector, so that you can destroy any enemy fleet...and after that wait again to build your troop-ships who will sieze planets (they are disposable)...and after that wait again some more time to gather all in one sector, so that troop-ships won't be destroyed...and even after this and that wait some more time again...4) Economy = two ways: rush to +5 population // +2 additional gold per population; OR conquer (not colonize!) more planets.Otherwise, buildings, including defensive ones, will eat all your surplus.5) Assistant voices = female voices are nice, but other squeezy 'alien' voices are a way to harsh for my ears.6) Technology = you need to frequently choose one of two/three bonuses; although, you can still trade the other bonus with an AI, but it is dumb and dully stubborn in its considerations.7) Polution = the more you have workers and the better is your planet, the more polution you produce.This means that a dump with -150 polution is the only reasonable choice in technology tree.8) Warfare 2 = loosing a massive battle is a disaster, especially for AI. They never have even a ghostly chance to get back on their feet, so they are eventually conquered.9) Espionage = you can easily play without any of them.Pros:1) Graphics = A+ for 4x space game.2) General gameplay = despite all the cons, this is still a good game to play for several days (it becomes too bo-o-oring early)."
76561198007868334,Recommended,298050,21580897,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Runme,"If you ask me, and you have done by reading this. Wargaming has made not only THE best remake they could have made of MoO they have also made theire best game so far. The graphics are great, the voiceovers are not intrusive or boring, balance seems to be good allaround. The diference in the races are immersive and not game braking. All in all if you are at all in too 4x games this is the title you want this year. Plus if you buy the collectors editon you acctualy get 4 games. 2 thumbs up, keep up the good work Wargaming."
76561198006071678,Recommended,298050,21505258,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,OmegaTurdSupreme,"A wonderful remake to a golden classic.If you loved Master Of Orion 2 then this is right up your alley.I can't say I liked part 3, so wont compare it to that. They took the fun of the classic and redressed it in new armor."
76561198006990343,Not Recommended,298050,29790459,Posted: 8 February,all,FURIES,"Master of Orion is a pretty neatly polished game. Overall I havent really seen that many bugs, and there still seems to be patches coming out regularly. When I first saw this game on steam (trailers) I was super excited, it reminded me of the game we all knew and came to love. But thats where it all ends.Moo2 is probably the game that I wanted this to be like, unfortunatly its not. Games like Stellaris and Star Drive 2 are more fun, dont fall into the trap I did."
,Recommended,298050,21645576,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,BloodnGore,Good game just read through all the negative views on it and remind yourself the games incomplete with more to come and realise that all the negatives should belong on a feedback forum not a game review as its still early access
76561198028355199,Recommended,298050,21532624,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,aagghh,"hi.First off all it is Early Access Game so there will be bugs. (no bug species to take over the galaxy, one without tech but evolps  (bummer).)Almost the same as the older games, only better with al lot of potential but muth better artwork.So this will be a lot off hours off gameplay for a decent price,"
76561198201260646,Recommended,298050,21605597,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,4xstrat,"This so far is a great game.The main difference here is that this new MO is made for multiplayer. Just try it if you haven't.This is just the beggining and there is much more content to come for sure. Key points of notice so far:1. Star lanes is a huge + to gameplay as it makes  for a much more strategic game. In MO2 without warp inhibitor it would be impossible to stop all e nemy invasions at once when they have good drives. I think that was MO2's weakest feature although still a great game.2. Missles were fairly useless in MO2 past mid tere. In this version they seem uber powerfull. I don't think they need  nerf just a study of the eefectiveness of counter measures. ECM seems uselesss so far.3. AI needs work. That is almost 100% certain for any new strategy game.4. A better outline of each races special attributes is needed. I think though the creators f the game are planning to release this when the full version comes out.5. Enabling tactical combat for multi-player is a must. I'm undecided if the game needs the old style tactical from MO2 back. It may make multi player games to dragged out. The new stye tactical combat does have some great benefits for what it sacrifices from the old turn based,. Time efficient resolve, a more realistic battle sim and you still have full control of the ships.That's it for now enjoy."
,Recommended,298050,21530664,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,GranaSaber,I normaly do not like Early Access. Yet if other companies do it as good as this. Where while all the content is not aviable yet what they have given us is clearly well thought out and nearly if not completely completed. Then I would do this more. And it is MOO! Back to the glory that it was $$$$ worth the price totaly.
76561198039896718,Recommended,298050,24603090,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,keithgb,Love this game !!!  graphics are great even on substandard PC.  brings me back to the original games.  on issue I have is on a big scale the processsing of turns takes awhile it is understandable given the amount of calculations per turn per player.
,Recommended,298050,21512888,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Owensir,"After 21 hours into the game, I can definitely say I recomment this game IF, they continue to improve it. If Civilization 5 and MOO2 had a baby, it would be this game. I'm a 35ish year old man-baby who loved Moo2, so the main reason I bought the game was that MOO2 was include with it as I lost my DOSBOX version. The Steam version is still just the DOSBOX version, but that's ok... at least i won't lose it.Pro/con time.PRO:Draws heavily from MOO2/CivilizationPlays very smoothly and quickly, even on large maps you're not waiting too long between end turn clicks.CON:1) AI is very bad.2) Only half the races are available.3) Only two options for spaceship design per class.4) Most of the game is clicking until you watch a cutscene.5) Autobuild queue not customizable, it just starts building crap instantly.6) Music repetitive.7) Leader is not customizable at all.8) No random heroes to pilot your ships.9) Blueprint/upgrading your fleet is still a mystery to me after 21 hours and multiple playthroughts.10) Too many cutscenes, which are nice, but if you've seen it once you've seen it enough and they play all the time.11) Very limitted map design, every map feels roughly the same.12) Lack of options to change things such as disabling tutorial, or turning off cutscenes,13) Too easy.14) Spend most of your time moving around the map, constantly zooming in and out as the game will force you to change zoom levels when events happen.15) Tactical combat is severely limitted, best you can do is maybe avoid a missle by luckily moving behind an astroid or adjust which ships arrive to the enemy first.16) Most games turn into a game of clicking next turn while you sit in a stalemate with your enemies until you get a DOOM/TITAN class ship to destroy them or win the Elections.So the CON list is much bigger than the PRO list, but most of the CON list is stuff i hope to attribute it to be a non-complete game. And despite this list, this game still stole two of my days away almost completely and I don't regret an ounce of it, but i still had an enjoyable time playing the game in the current state and look forward to spending many more hours into it as it becomes complete."
76561197971326277,Recommended,298050,21743489,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,quenlar,"Very similar to Master of Orion 2 (this review requires some knowledge of Moo2).  I sat down and couldn't stop playing it.  A few differences that could be seen as detractors to some.  This is going to sound like a giant bash of the game, but I'm just putting the difference out there, I'm not going to stop playing it anytime soon.Tactical combat is real time - however you can pause during it, so not sure why so many people don't like it.  There is less to do in combat, you can make your large ships go first, eat some shots and make your small ships move in to do more damage.  You can also position your ships behind asteroids and missles hit them (a really cool addition to the original).  I like the combat myself, but right now you can't disable weapons and select specific ones like you could in Moo2 (say to stop your missles shooting an asteroid).Ship building is also fairly difficult because you cannot chose to refit specific ships in a specific manner, this ability to micro might be added later, but for now you have to change your base design, then either refit or build a battleship, if you go to upgrade it later because you got better armor or shield tech, you have to redo the schematic.  To refit or upgrade a ship there isn't a production option, the only way is to spend credits on it at a starbase or starlanebase.It feels like food and population growth is too easy, you are able to farm ""barren"" planets, and with soil enrichment technologies, they provide alot.  I haven't yet settled on ""toxic"" or ""volcanic"" planets... so maybe barren just got an upgrade.The Diplomatic victory is a misnomer - right now it's all about your current popluation (other races don't have to like you, you can be at war with them all).   If you can grow your empire enough, you win the game if you have over 66% of the galactic population.  That does seem like alot, but I've won 5 games by just expanding and maxing food growth - all vs the standard AI.  It seems like with the current setup you'd never win by pure combat - the vote would probably finish when you conqured 2/3 the galaxy.  Also, if you start to conqure the more numerous faction you are likely to win faster.  Obviously the AI is weak, and technology victory isn't in the game.  Actually I think I would have won all 5 games with tech victory faster then dipolmatic, so I guess it's a moot point, still strange there is no diplomacy involved.Heavy/Low gravity needs balance - Low gravity isn't a negitive at the moment, you can still settle on ""normal planets"" - actually Low grav is a bonus, I'm pretty sure if you have lowG you can settle low and normal with no penalty and HighG with -50%.  If you are normal low and highG get you -50%.   Moo2 was HighG = no penalty (maybe -25% on lowG it cost points to pick up), LowG -25% on normal and -50% on highG (it gave you points to spend).   Normal was -25% on Low and HighOne of the biggest changes is there is no ""creative"" - you get all the techs, except a few where every race has to pick between two or three choices.  Some are really tough, you have to pick heavy armor OR reinforced hull, you can never have both.  This is a good balance option and hopefully the AI choses different things so you can either trade or steal it from them (spying not in game as of yet).Oh another big change is ""Starlanes"".  I actually really like the stratical implication of this and is one of the best things.  Every star system has only a few ways to access it, and from only specific other systems.  This creates chokepoints, and makes it much easier to decide where to go. I have settled on farther planets with less physical value (poor/small etc), just because it protects 1 or 2 other systems that I want full control over later.  One game I settled pretty far out and close to an AI, and he got completly boxed in by myself and another AI and only had access to 3 systems...  It does make actually finding your way to Orion much harder though, there is an ""open borders"" option in diplomacy, so I guess you can spend a few credits or whatnot to get through someones terrian.In Moo2, you kinda had to have your fleet centralized near important planets, then once you saw someone moving there, you'd have to respond.  I never really played multiplayer, but I think it would be impossible to defend anything, because once you got tech to tell your ships to change direction, you could tell them to go to somewhere nearby, and just instantly stop at a closer planet... there was a tech to help prevent that and increase movement to it, but seems kinda silly.One thing I'd love to see in the game is ship and colony heroes, but they have some touching up and retweaking ship design and refits before a custom ship hero is going to do too much.  At first I was thinking of putting off my purchase until they got added, but after reading everyone elses review and the forums I decided that heroes are just kinda a garnish add-on that make the game fun to player longer.I have no idea how long this is, and I've probably skipped some changes (well there are no antarians... no ship to ship combat or boarding - one of the best things ever in moo2 was capturing an antarian ship and scrapping or using it with its really good tech)TLDR;A few changes - Still Moo IMO - I love the game."
,Recommended,298050,22232874,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Magnificat_HUN,"Since this is an Early Access game, its a subject of change, so I tried to focus more for the recent reviews, than the older ones, yet, I was a bit worried. Then a fellow forum mate told me that its a pretty fine MoO game... I LOVE the second game, so I wanted a good MoO game soo much. So I bought it...This review is based on my first 10-12 hours of gameplay:Man this game is fun even in this stage. The graphics is beautiful, the races and the characters (leaders, advisors) are great, and the voiceover... They nailed it. The pollution has now an actual effect (I always ignored this in MoO2, i could win without dealing with it), you can build on gas giants, asteroids, etc. Its much more limited (but more logical) how you can pass people from one planet to another, the time when you could jumpstart a new colony with near-full population in a couple of rounds are over. The ship upgrades are more convenient, the tech matrix need some re-learning, but its ok... The space battles are quite spectacular (especially when you arrive), but a bit chaotic for me, at least now.Ofc there is plenty of space for improvement. I would like to see more ship design per race (I like the Meklar race, but I dont like their ships), it would be great if you could choose your color, and ofc more custom race skills and talents... I can't decide about the AI yet, since I played just an easy and a normal game for checking my possibilities.Nonetheless, I recommend this game for the 4X fans.Edit #1: With the EA3, we got 2 new races and spying. You can finally turn off the advisor talk and popup, so its definately an upgrade over EA2... And most importantly... It keeps sucking me back into game. I play a ""round"", after 10+ hours I'm done and I had enough from this game... But after 2-3 weeks, I just want to play again. And that is good.Edit: possibly more comments will come later on."
76561198057533445,Recommended,298050,21810861,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Lord Darkfire,"It is a great game even at this stage, there still needs to be a lot of content added and shows great love to the past.I would recomend this game for those when it is finished but if you a hardcorr fan from the past go for it now and see for youself how times have changed"
76561198019893692,Recommended,298050,22549369,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Anelor,"Looking forward to the release candidat, thus far its very playable, bugs got nicely addressed thus far and it is more a MoO 2 than 3 - which is excellent right? :)!"
76561198005815106,Recommended,298050,21489429,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,durne kell,"very compleate for early access, amazing voice work. I need my silicoids back, they are my favorite race and I see they are coming soon."
76561198097998463,Recommended,298050,22325622,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Beauchee,Just like old time and the Master of Orion 2 but with better graphics.Solid 8.5/10 (will probably be a 9/10 when all features are available)
76561197983790243,Recommended,298050,22274432,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,K_osss,So far this early access game has a surprising amount of polish. I enjoy the new additions as well as the classic aspects taken from the original game. Given this isn't a final released game there are some iterations that are ongoing on balance and some further tweaks and bug fixes needed however it runs well on my system with no crashes to date and only some slight frame rate drops in massive tactical battles. I am also running it at 4k so it's probably not the most optimized resolution. I enjoy the real time tactical combat and the voice acting is superb!
76561198022810566,Recommended,298050,21787153,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Koopa_Troopa,"Very early still but, a great game so far and I played Moo and Moo2."
76561198032279532,Not Recommended,298050,25455888,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,harv72b,"As someone who did play the original MOO but was never really a fanboy of it, I came into this reboot with less lofty expectations than many others.  But even still I was left disappointed after my initial attempts at the game.For starters, there is no readily accessible manual.  Not a huge issue, really: you've played one 4X game and you've played them all, and there is a ""tutorial campaign"" provided...which appeared to last for about 4 turns until it just assumed I've got everything.  Again, not a gamebreaker, just a bit of a put-off.The game itself is the gamebreaker.  Initial attempts at a playthrough resulted in many resets as I slowly figured out that the AI will destroy my ships without warning if I happen to blunder into ""their"" territory (which isn't really marked during the early stages of the game), yet will merrily cruise right through my own star systems with their unarmed scouts.  Several of the special attributes granted to the various races in the game (or to your custom race builds) don't work; specifically, anything which says it grants a technology, doesn't.The UI is clumsy, to put it kindly: at the beginning of a turn you are inundated with alerts on the right side of the screen, letting you know any time a planet's population grows, or a construction project is completed, or a threatening fleet is nearby (even if it's just the space eel that's happily flitting back and forth between the planets in a neighboring system), or a technology has been researched, or a crisis is going on anywhere in your empire, or...you get the picture.  On a small map this became an issue in the late game; I can only imagine how bad it would be on in a huge galaxy.  So you've got this notification telling you that your capital has just grown in size, so you click on it and see that it's also finished building whatever it was building (exactly what that was is not displayed on the planet screen.  Anywhere).  You plop your citizen into whichever slot you want him in, click on the empty build queue, choose a new project, click on that, click on the button to close that screen, go back over and click on the next ""alert"" icon...and end up right back on your home planet screen, because that was the alert letting you know that it'd finished building whatever it built.Every time you research a new technology which grants any new weapons, modules, improvements, or whatever for any of your combat ships...hoo boy.  First you're going to click on the screen letting you know that you've finished researching whatever and letting you know what you can do with that technology.  Then you are automatically going to go to the ""blueprints"" page to change your ship designs...all of them.  With every new tech.  Which merely involves clicking on the desired ship design, then clicking on the ""edit"" button, then clicking on whichever hull slot you want to change, then going back and forth a couple times because it doesn't allow you to compare the old weapon setup vs. the new one, then finally figuring out exactly what you want & will actually fit into the hull, saving it, and...doing the whole process again, for each individual ship class.  With.  Every.  Tech.  You.  Research.Then you will inevitably run into the bugs.  And I mean the good ol' fashioned bugs in the software, and not the insectoid race in the game.  Once upon a time those were ironed out before a game was shown to the public.  Then progress meant that they were fixed during live beta tests with volunteer gamers.  Now, you're offered a convenient ""Report Bug"" feature right there on the in-game options menu.  No, seriously.  I discovered that if I clicked on a specific alert, it caused an infinite loading loop in the game.  I discovered that if I go for a technological victory and opt not to build the final piece of the game-winning item in the first city screen that happens to open...well, that option is gone.  Forever.  Kind of annoying after 450+ turns of gameplay.Others have pointed out that there ~are~ good things about this game: the graphics are beautiful, except that after the first couple times you see the same cutaway showing your colony ship landing on a barren planet, or the leaders of each race teleporting onto a platform in the middle of an asteroid belt to cast votes for galactic leader, or the robotic news team letting you know about the latest disaster to befall your empire...well, you're just going to be mashing the escape key to skip them.  Many technologies that you research cleverly give you the option of unlocking this ~or~ that, with the various items geared toward specific game strategies...but this promising aspect of the game is undone by the fact that you can then go back and trade with other races to gain whichever capabilities you didn't choose (or play as the Psilons and get all of them).  The ship design tool can be interesting, and offers you the ability to cater your blueprints to counter a specific threat from a neighboring race...until you get to the end game, and it's just a matter of cramming as many doomsday weapons as possible into your death stars.  In the end, this is litle more than a diversion which I can't see myself putting more than a dozen gameplays into...and even then only if they fix all these gamebreaking bugs."
76561197978026136,Recommended,298050,25169278,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Bontainer,B E A U T I F U L !!!What a pleasant surprise after the No man's sky disaster!
76561198022080369,Recommended,298050,25152853,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Daemonkin,I don't know what all the haters are on about - I love this game and don't regret spending money on early release at all.I am 100% certain that it will only get better with future patches and expansions and have no trouble recommending this to anyone who enjoys this sort of game.
76561198097730111,Recommended,298050,22444379,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,BL00DBALLAD,"I completely fell in love with this game. If your a syfy geek this game is a must have however there are some pros and cons to this game that I will go over.Pros:1. This game is exremelely easy to control and understand how to play.2.Plenty of story for all the races even if their is no campaign.3. There is a progression system for your technology research and what you decide to research will affect you later on in your mission.4.  Plenty of sizes for maps to choose from and you can enable or disable features such as Pirates,etc.5. Random events happen throughout the game to keep you interested and keep and playing.Cons:1.  For those of you that dont like simple games this game may be too simple for you to play.2. The mouse is your only control function and you can hardly navigate during other player turns.3. The custom race option is not really made to well no matter how customized you make it you only get 100 points to play with but some perks require 30+ just to select and no matter which race you choose to be descended from your basically playing the origional race so no point in creating your own race.Now this is just a brief summery of some of the things that Ive come across so far and who knows it is in early access so maybe they will fix this changes early on.  I for one highly recomend this game!"
76561197969570265,Recommended,298050,21681034,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Joeman CXL,"In one sentence, I would say that the early access version shows a real committment to being the spiritual successor to MOO/MOO2 that we've all been waiting for. I hope that in a few of the areas that the original MOO/MOO2 didn't do very well that the new development team can innovate enough to bring the game into what we should expect out of a 2016 release.I can't comment too much on things that still appear to be unfinished - for example, numerous reviews have been pretty critical of the current ship battle experience and I would agree that it is missing a lot of features, but based on its current state compared to how other elements are fleshed out I would say that it will probably get better before the developers are done.What I would say is that there are a few aspects of the original game that should be more significantly revisited in this version of the game. Two examples are the way that technology influences battle outcomes and how the tech tree implements the restrictive either/or choices from MOO2.If you played MOO2 you know that a) a more technologically advanced ship pretty much always beats a lesser one and b) a bigger ship is pretty much always better than a smaller one. Because the current combat system is so close to the old one, that's still true, but that's really not the best way to balance gameplay in my opinion. The developers should probably try to evolve the game a bit more so that new tech isn't the automatic win that it is in the old game.On the tech side, it's improved from the MOO2 system where you were generally given a choice between two or three useful technologies that didn't really make sense to be mutually exclusive; there's only a few times where you have to pick between two different options. However, the ones that are there don't make a lot of sense; for example, you can have either fusion bombs or fusion beams, but never both. It seems like it would make more sense to provide a more sensible system if they want to prevent full access to the entire tech tree. Maybe an affinity system that lets you do certain things better than others in the combat realm - for example, maybe some races can build better shields where others can build bigger ships.The final comment I will make is that it costs a pretty hefty price and that there are a few things that they need to do to really make it worth that - the textures are currently pretty low resolution in a lot of cases and the art assets are limited in ship building.Even with the current flaws, I'd still give the game a thumbs up, and if you were waiting for a MOO/MOO2 remake, this is definitely it in my opinion."
76561198111068419,Recommended,298050,21740704,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,MyMissingH,"Can't wait for this to be a finished product, really brings the old MoO experience into the modern gaming experience."
,Recommended,298050,21534489,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Hitchslapped,"Having played the originals extensively and being dissapointed with 3, i'm VERY impressed with what i've seen so far."
,Recommended,298050,21649613,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,vonexar,Finally a worthy successor to Master of Orion 1 and 2 has arrived. The game runs smoothly on my older system and looks fantastic. I'm not real happy with the combat mechanics yet and I'm a bit on the fence about the star lanes aspect. Need more stars on the map but this is really looking like they did a lot of things right. The game runs well and is playable as is. I haven't run into place holder text yet and it's clear they are putting in content updates when they are complete and ready for inclusion in the play of the game.I'd write a long review but I must get back to the game... It's finally here! :DUpdated for Early Access 2 release:Updated combat is a LOT better than their first Early Access 1 release. Diplomacy still stinks badly. New additions and rebalances of the racial traits are showing they are making some progress towards a very playable release. Indicators are that the difficulty slider is just an economic boost. Would be nice if this were more impactful than just BC per turn.Game still runs very smoothly and looks quite nice. They did a rebalance on some audio and that makes the intro to the GNN clips a bit low volumed when they start out on my system.Still eager to see how they impliment the espionage aspect of the game. Playing as Darlocks was one way I really enjoyed playing in the originals. They were quite under-estimated with their spying focus and could really wreck opponents.
76561197965216780,Recommended,298050,23768827,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,CaptBushido,"If you need a breakdown of what to expect from a MOO game then look at one of the many other reviews.  I just wanted to take a moment to compliment the development process.  I jumped on this game early on because I was a huge fan of the old MOO games, and for the first couple iterations of the Early Access, I sunk a lot of hours into it but still would have given it a ""meh"" or ""alright"" review.  Now, though, I have to say, the Developers have been tweaking and adding to the game relentlessly, and it's turning into a very well-designed and finely balanced game.  I'm extremely impressed with how far this Early Acess title has come and at the competence and productivity of the team working on it.  Keep up the good work, I hope this game is a success!"
,Recommended,298050,21535153,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Nartzen,"This game is very good It need more races like trilarians et and the antars but its early access.At this moment is s a very fun game, stable, beatiful,  It needs more development but its very fascinating at this point."
76561198044651323,Recommended,298050,21521708,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,nateg943,"First the game is still in early release hell it was just released a few days age. So yes some area still need work, the main areas are space combat and Diplomancy. But the game is stable I have yet to get a crash and I am on turn 450. The over all play is very smooth, by the time the game is ready for full release it should be a great game. Hell I've played other early release games that have done nothing but chashed every few turns."
,Recommended,298050,21539919,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Pieter,"** early access review ** Feb. 28th, 2016 **the pros:- Game is already very stable. 0 crashes for me- Interface is superb. Very intuitive and clean. Best user interface of any 4x game imo.- shows great promisethe cons:- space combat. arguably the best part of master of orion2, and they screwed that up.- game is really dumbed down. You can't even specialize colonies properly.- diplomacy is garbageThere's still lots of content missing so I'll update this review as necessary."
76561198007906733,Recommended,298050,21650454,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Clariti,"I have played all of the moo games, was addicted to moo until moo2 came out then been playing it for 25 years and waiting for a sequel woth playing, moo3 sucked played it a couple times but had to throw it in junk pile. I am so incredibily happy with this new MOO, even in alpha is shaping up to be a awesome game. Is it exactly the same, no.. and imo it shouldn't try to be, yet it has captured all the main elements of what made moo2 so good imo.the artwork and visual feelling of the game is just beautiful, I would like to see it fleshed out with female choices for the races, also be able to choose whatever color i want for which ever race i play, but like i said, this is in alpha and they have time to add/implement some features,the overall game is very intuitive and easy to use, even as you get into late game play you are not bogged down with nicro managing, I love the queueing for the build and research systems. there is room for work on diplomacy but the seeds are in place for it,  and the combat system is looking very good already. I love the auto upgrading function available to keep your ships upgraded easily.all in all i rate this at 8.5 of 10 and its still in alpha, I paid 49.95 for this game and would do so again, I feel i have a game I will be playing often and having a lot of fun with for another 20+ years if i am lucky enough to beat breast cancer and still be around that long. cheers all and look me up for a MP game!~Clariti aka Sassaii"
76561197966586705,Recommended,298050,22713672,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Mythox,after 20 years MoO is still my best and favorite game !!
76561198006316027,Recommended,298050,21574068,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,smlprdd,"Quick summary:Master of Orion is a game that I really think will be fun with more development, but currently is not really complete or polished enough to enjoy for a long time.Good points:The faction leaders and assistants have great animation and voice acting. Related to this fact, the diplomacy backdrop screens are a blast.The starmap is gorgeous and I was surprised at the amount of polish it got. In terms of interface, it feels like a hybrid between MOO1 and MOO2 in that it has systems and planets and moons and asteroids (like MOO2) but maintains a simple interface that allows me to easily see what's on the map without having to click through menus (like MOO1).Spaceships are neat looking and space combat looks pretty cool.Fun races, overall a classically zany feeling to everything.I like the UI and think it was pretty well designed.Bad points:The technology tree is currently pretty messed up. You achieve a new technology like every 5 turns but most of them don't feel like they make a difference. Many just unlock a building type which has to be propagated over your empire for a million turns before you see the benefit, and in general I feel like the real bottleneck in getting to cool things is always production (making research pretty unattractive, since there's no point in unlocking another thing when you won't be able to capitalize it for 500 turns). There also doesn't really seem to be any reason to strategically cherrypick your way through the tech tree either; with a few exceptions the best approach is just to research everything in the current tier and then move on.There are too many buildings, and the game encourages you to build all of them everywhere. What this results in is spending your midgame tediously making sure every one of your planets has a research lab and a biosphere and a hydroponics farm and a spaceport and a cloning facility and a marine barracks and a spaceport and a robotic miner and so on and you get the point so I'll stop listing all of the buildings in the game but believe me when I say that it keeps going on for quite some time. It all makes me wish that planets had a limited number of building slots so that I could just make a few smart choices per planet and move on.It's not possible to make interesting diplomatic exchanges until you have convinced another empire to accept your embassy, which requires being friends with them. In an unfortunate catch-22, in order to become friends with an empire, you perform advanced diplomatic exchanges requiring an embassy. Some races even start with unfavorable relations with others and in these circumstances there's basically nothing to do except watch the AI refuse to let you establish an embassy until they ultimately declare war on you because you colonized a lot of planets. Obviously this is silly.The real time tactical combat basically involves moving a big ball of ships at the enemy and hoping that you have more ships on your side.There are a few other things but those are the big issues that come to mind right now, and I'm hopeful to see them ironed out before the release."
76561198017264152,Recommended,298050,21485484,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,scott2love,"Great Gane a Bit slow for me. the interaction is better than the Last Game ( Moo3 ) the Voice actors are good for the Game, only bad thing is that Only the Primary Races are ready for the Early Access. I think that the Game will be that Much better when all the Races are finished and Included in the Game"
76561198137052131,Recommended,298050,23203177,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,lemorted_authur,"So I bought this game on saturday and worked both days this weekend and I still have 50 hours in game at this point on Wednesday or almost. I am a Masters of Orion fan. This game and its copy cats I have played well for a long time.When I go to load MoO3 my graphics are messed up so can't play it. But I like and enjoy what it had in freatures that this one doesn't. For example the way you could control spending on the different screens. I would ask that the game developers get an old laptop or desktop and go back to MoO3 and look it over.  MoO always beat out all the copy cats because of thier freatures and how it was controlled. I like the auto build option and how you can apply it planet by planet, so far the AI builds wrogn for a brand new planet instead of focusing on building up population and then defense it spends all it valuable first development time focus on making defenses. But this is the same way the empires nuild no matter the races. I have not spent enough time in this new release to see how its changed. But the AI is much tougher.The ship to ship combat is worthless, and you get a huge OP fleet lost bc the controls are counter-intuitive. But the Auto is fun to watch. I only will do the ship to ship if I have a smaller fleet and know how to kill the other ships better than the AI. But in later parts I just do OP and let computer do it whiling focusing on overall big picture, and logistics of resupplying my fleets.Having said that I enjoy this game AI and balancing that be tweeked but overall it is a good game for one of the copy cats But not worthy of the Masters of Orion name yet."
,Recommended,298050,21483566,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Xeroproject,"I'm a huge 4x fan which means I often end up buying bad ones. I'm happy to report that so far MOO has a great foundation.  The art style is spot on, the effects and graphics beautiful.  The sound is a great mix of old & new.  I'm definitely getting sucked in already and experiencing that great ""just one more turn, just one more turn"" feeling that a good strategy/4x game will give you.Bugs - Nothing really noteworthy so far, just a bit of barely noticeable frame stutter on a large, well explored galaxy during AI turns.  There's some minor UI elements that could use some polishing/streamlining.Some work needed - Diplomacy is a bit shallow, it would be nice to have some more subtle ways to make friends or enemies.  It seems like all the AI will do right now is get progressively more angry with you even if you don't do anything to offend them, even buying them off doesn't really do much. The auto-build is way off base for what new colonies need.  Pretty surprised that this got a public release without a working tutorial.....but that's the only real ""buyer beware"" I encountered.  Even as a 4x vet, I always like to give the tutorial a whirl just to get a feel for the game and all its features.Wishlist (not really a knock on the game) - I know its probably a tall order with all the art & voice work required but even more different races would be amazing.  Bigger galaxies.  More ship variants.  I'd also love to see some sort of Ship Design Testing Room feature that you could access from the main menu that would take you straight to ship design and let you really play around with the ship building and then perhaps test them against some basic enemies.  I love the ship design part of a good 4x but I'd love to see some sort of testing lab feature to really get to play with various ship classes and loadouts.  With so much else going going on during a full game, you might spend some time on a new ship design, and never actually get to really get a chance to see if it performs well in combat.  A ship lab/fight AI ship minigame that you can access directly from the main menu would be a lot of fun.Summary - great game, definitely recommend (even in early access), I'm having a lot of fun with it.  A few minor things to polish up and a few ""above and beyond"" things I'd like to see added."
76561198035692345,Not Recommended,298050,29322282,Posted: 17 January,all,Alvenhar,"I had high hopes and a lot of patience to give the game time to impress; but it ultimately failed and disappointed me. Why? Mostly because it just doesn't feel as mature and earnest as MOO2. The aliens including the Antarans mostly seem out of a cartoon, the ship design is limited compared to MOO2 and the tactical battles feel silly. Same for the galaxy design. At the same time, the UI often gets in your way of doing things efficiently, the AI of both the colony governor and the scouting routine is grievously stupid. Some features seem well-meant but badly executed, e.g. the Silicoid's disregard for food being totally ignored in the tech tree.Summing it up: If you're looking for a real Master of Orion experience, I'd still recommend MOO2 (runs on DOSbox); if you're looking for a great 4x space game, look somewhere else (Stellaris or Endless Space)."
76561197999225754,Recommended,298050,21467811,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,King Zog hates eggnog,"It's very well designed.  I was surprised at the tactical combat option, I really didn't think it would have as deep or engaging manual battles.  The graphics are gorgeous, the voice designs and advisors are a lot of fun.  All-in-all, this is an amazing platform for what is sure to be a great game."
76561198155946745,Recommended,298050,23841670,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Zyndr,"Still in Early Access and it shows, but it's a true and faithful update to the MOO series. Once the bugs are worked out and the features balanced, it is my hope that this will be a truly amazing game."
76561198264336132,Recommended,298050,21647040,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,CamManx,Lots of replay ability and amazing HD quality modeling  some bugs but no game braking ones
76561198030671610,Recommended,298050,24229999,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,dxro,"+ very nice game art keeping original MOO feeling+ true 4x game - unlimited development for empire - no artificial restrictions for expansion+ linux version greatly appreciated (even there are some gliches - i hope those will be fixed soon)+ the game have a great replayability+ game provide a ot of fun and deep strategic experience+ great complexity - easy to learn but hard to masterTherea are some minuses but we hope those will be fixed soon in next patches- some glitches  in tactical combat  - quite nasty control of own ships resulting in turning back to enemy - no clear posibility to adjust ship turning- colonies administration interface quite bad - dialog for chosing next production blocking  display of curent status(prod,food,polution)- very annoyning planet zooming animation when select a log entry (at least must be a option to disable it)- not possible to rename a colony- not possible to realocate colonist jobs from empire view- not possible to sort colonies based on planet class- fixed tech tree is quite boring (shuffled a bit like in Pandora is far more fun)- quite severe unbalance for some races especialy those with uncreative trait- pirates are poorly implemented very easy to counter- just a single tech(multistate insulator) for opening new wormholes - it may be fun to be 3-4 each with different expenses) gradualy revealing galaxy for exploration- a better explanation of tech modules etc- forced choice for tech (shield1/jammer or scaner/electronic comp) is just not fun and for uncreative races is realy painful"
76561198074106777,Recommended,298050,21805322,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Dhawk777,"First off I want to say I am a classic moo player from way back that never stoped playing. Ive even gone way out of my way to get it to work multiplayer even after that aspect of the game went down. That being said, I have seen a lot of negative feedback about this new verson of MOO and I just wanted to address some of the unfavorable responses I have seen.  I understand there gripes, It is not a MOO clone exactly.  But to be honest, i didnt want a moo clone or i would just boot up moo 2.  Yes the trade lanes add a different feel to the game. But IMO they can be used to add a stragety element to the game.  I can colonize a planet in strategic places to block off entire sections of the galaxy to myself.  Some people claim that you can have every tech in the game. Well, when i first played i was given this impression myself.  but on closer inspection there are some techs that are one or the other.  An example would be I can choose to have either Fusion Beam or Fusion drive.  On the tech tree it appears as Fusion Beam | Fusion Drive.   I can CHOOSE to be faster in space faster, or have better beam weapons right now, if i choose one, it will be a while before i have something better in the other field i didnt choose.  This is not the only example on the tech tree.   Now for the battle system.   All together I think this game is a great addition to the moo franchise. It is AMAZINGLY better than MOO 3 at any rate and the best addition I have seen to the game in decades. We should be thanking NGD studios and WG Labs for taking a chance on a game that took a lot of hard work for a fan base that doesent seem to appreciate a gift.  If this game does well, they may attempt yet another version down the road.  And maby they will incorporate the things you dont like about this game.  As it is now, it is a well polished game, with a few bugs for them to work out. Its in early access, give it a break while it is a work in progress."
76561198016077290,Recommended,298050,21500124,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,TLow,Amazing Game! If u like Endless Space u will like this as well!In my opinion its better then Endless Space.
76561198040377089,Recommended,298050,22385701,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Arcturus,"This is one of those times your prayers come true. A prayer that somone would come along and remake one of those classic 90's games you loved so much, without changing anything. (Almost) If you played Masters of Orion or Masters of Orion 2: Battle at Antares just buy the game, don't think, you'll thank me. If you've never played a game in the series before think of this as Civilization 2 or 3 in Space, or a more fun Galactic Civilizations (sorrynotsorry). The civilizations you can choose to play are all the classic sci-fi alien archetypes: Cat people, lizard people, greys, robots, and so on.Overall this game at the moment is an 8.5 out of 10, taking into account it is unfinished. I have spent probably hundreds of hours playing Masters of Orion 2: Battle at Antares, and this game replicates that experience almost perfectly.PROS: The races are all solid and familiar, but their abilities differ somewhat from previous versions of the game. This is more interesting than problematic, and it should be clear to the new player what race reflects their play style.The tech tree is pulled right from Battle at Antares, as well as ship classes, weapons and upgrades.The new voice acting and art for both the racial models and ships is much more immersive and brings the races to life.The biggest change to the game from Battle at Antares is the way you can move between stars. One can no longer travel to any nearby star within range of your ships, but rather, follow pre-determined hyperspace lanes that only connect to certian other stars. At first this was a con to me but I've come around. Although this map setup can lead to the awkward situation where the nearest star to your homeworld can only be reached by passing through several other star systems. It creates a lot of interesting strategies to control star systems with a lot of cross traffic in order to control large sections of the map. Because you are able to build military outposts on each node that leads out of a system you control, you can ""seal up"" whole portions of the map from races you aren't allied with.CONS: These are all minor and non game breaking, but cons nonetheless. I also know some of these complaints are because this is based off MoO1 not 2Missing Races: Elerians, Trilarians, GnolamGame is a bit unstable and I have lost progress due to game crashes, though this may be fixed by the final buildThe hyperspace lanes thing still kinda irks me so a bit of a conThe GNN news robots sound like trash, though this may be fixed by the final buildSometimes when you open the colony menus they don't pop up right and you have to escape out, and re open them."
,Recommended,298050,23775316,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,[DED] KampKounslr,"If you enjoyed Master of Orion 2, then get this. This game takes that formula and really makes some magic; it's better in almost every way. Forget Stellaris, this is the real heir to the MoO crown."
76561197993978096,Recommended,298050,21517989,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Jadesfire,"Just finished first play-through!Having played MoO and MoO 2 back when they first released, (ended up skipping 3) , its truly great to see this game updated.Being an Early Access title, hopefully there will be more features added in. Its very playable as it is right now, and definately worth doing so!One of the many  things I loved about MoO2 was the planet colonization sequence. Was a joy to see the colony craft landing on each new different type of planet, most of them so exotic and alien, at times made me wish i was was there. This newest edition takes the colonizing sequence to a new level. Beautifully rendered panoramic breathtaking cinimatic cut-scenes of your race's Colony ship descending from the atmosphere and camera pan flyby over mountains or into valleys, across lakes / oceans, through clouds, mist, or snow-storms to land in the perfect spot. Definately a ""Whoa!"" and pause to appreciate moment. I'm so glad they didn't skimp or cut-short this part of the game.GNN is back and tongue-in-cheek with comedy. The GNN sequences still seem a bit rough, but this is early-access after all.Galactic Council sequences has nicely been kept true to MoO 1 & 2, with a nice 3d facelift.Love the ""Next Planet"" button, mind you it cycles through in the order of planets colonized.The Planet Screen this time around is an Orbital Space View, with the planet slowly rotating with the daytime on the left, median, and night-time on the right. As for the buildings - are 3d iconic representations placed randomly on the planet's surface (poping through the atmosphere and right ino space), larger than life much like you'd expect from the units representation in the Civilization game series. Kinda takes the realism away but gives you an idea what you have. The downside is for bulding management, you have to click and hold to rotate the planet and click on the structure to remove it (takes several tries to find the correct bulding if you can't recognize it). A quick fix to this could be added later - would also list the buildings you can scroll through.Love the new updated ship graphics. Ship edit screen gives you a selection of hull paint patterns (no colors though). Your able to view and rotate the 3d models.The space combat is spectacular to watch. They added a new Cinematic Camera mode, lets you watch the combat much like it were a movie. Needs a little work, seems to randomly pick where to ""point and shoot"" including actual ""Smart Missle Camera viewfinder"" mode complete as you see in hollywood movies right up to the point of impact. Wish there were a few options to refine or pick / cycle / toggle the current camera selection.Only thing missing is the true-tactical turn based fleet combat mode. Hope it gets implimented. To be fair, having seen the new 3d ships and graphics, it was fun to watch the automatic RTS mode, as the battle is over in a few minutes - fast, flashy, guns blazing and ships go ""Boom!"", litle star fighters zipping around in formation,  kinda watching a space battle sequence from Babylon 5. Still, would be nice to have the option to have the turn-based hands on combat again, control your fleet - movements and weapons.Doomstars!!! These are a sight to behold in space battle - quite massive and dwarfing most ships but at the same time they're not ""Moon sized"" planets either. Gone is the ""rounded borg cube"" type design. Instead, the pyramid design is a nice nod to Stargate SG-1 - Goa'uld warships, and dwarfs all the other ships. These bad-boys do give you the option to actually blow up the planet. Interestingly, there hasn't been any GNN newsbreaks about it either when a planet does get blown up (turns into asteroid field you can later reform into a new barren planet). There isn't any ""Planet-busting"" visual sequence either for now just a second attack button icon, maybe will be added later.The voice acting and rendering of the species is really good.All in all, for an early-access title release, with only a handful of species available its definately worth playing. Been fairly stable, Lots of features still to be added, such as the Espoinage Training Center (even states that in the description - ""to be added later"")"
76561198152575082,Recommended,298050,21925670,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Gremloq,best combination of Ascendancy and all of Orions best parts !!! recommended to all
,Recommended,298050,21525027,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,madogvelkor,"For an early access game, it is quite fun. It definitely has the feel of the older MOO games. There's still a lot of work to be done - tactical combat is useless at the moment and diplomacy is very basic. There is also the occasional bug. But that said it is a playable light strategy game even in alpha early access. Plus you get the three older MOO games in the bundle."
,Recommended,298050,21480917,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,NWG.Slum,"This game is EASILY worth $50-$60, at least to me. I am not poor however, like a lot of Gamers on Steam seem to be. Or perhaps they are just cheap. Yeah, this game is a no brainer for me.SIMPLY PUT- This awesome space game is a really fun ""4x"" or whatever you want to call it, I call it a space game. Period. I can tell it will also be a fun game for years to come. And at the end of the day, that is why this game has so much VALUE. Anyway, EA or not game is fun as hell, looks cool, sounds cool, and really just itches that scratch you know.Could it be better? Well of course, everything and anything ""could be better"", though this one does pretty damn good IMO, all things considered.Slum over and out."
76561198065089392,Recommended,298050,22093905,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Solemnwind,"So i first started off playing stardrive and SD2, and i really enjoyed those games. But after playing this game, im definetly more into this game. Great graphics, great UI, and extremely interesting ship models. Although i would definitely recommend this to anyone who enjoys 4x strategy games for sure the only two cons i can think of at this moment is that the Newly released race Terran Kahnate (sorry if misspelled) has the exactly same ship model as the human race, and i know they are the same species but cmon that kinda seems lazy, they should have their own ship models, maybe they are a little more rebelious looking, think to star wars, like the rebels are to the empire. Then the second thing im not a fan of, is that it almost seems impossible to make the alien races happy when playing vs. AI. Even if you say yes to every little thing they ask for, they eventually will just ask for something so rediculous like giving them all your credits and a planet or two, and you say no obviously then they declare war. It seems like they want it to be a shooter vs AI instead of winning by deplomacy."
,Recommended,298050,22129665,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Fun,This game is so fun and the creaters are improving things all the time!
76561198062221966,Recommended,298050,21593230,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,wildbill5150,fun little 4x...love it!
76561197987301516,Recommended,298050,21500987,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,barkogy,"I had all of the previous MOOs and I like MOO2 very much. Until today I consider that “the best in class”. This game is not MOO2 anyway. But I found the game good and promising enough, so make sense to buy. However also need to consider some aspects that are not so gentle.Close look of space map is looking like Galactic Civ with some StarDrive flavor. Or the opposite. Not bad, but nothing special.Tactical space combat is realtime and somewhere between StarDrive and Endless Space. There are minor issues, like ship weapon firing arc is not working, ships are turning over and over (ship movement control is close to nothing), ships are shooting missiles and beam into asteroids, etc.This tactical combat part of the game is really what have to be re-considered. I prefer turn based game with turn based tactical combat. Need to give control to the players instead of sit and watch what is happening on the screen.Another area is the ground combat. Hope, the developers do not follow bad example of GalCiv III that was not ready with this aspect when released. StarDrive2-like ground combat would be good, with some fancy upgrade in the graphics and weapon/gadget selection. (Nobody is expecting XCOM2 type…)Leaders / governors are missing today, hope it will be in the scope. Also nice to have some special ship weapon or extra module to find / buy / manufacture. Or merchants selling goods, or mercenaries, or armies to hire, etc.I understand that some of the issues will be fixed after having early access feedback.I recommend the game anyway, it is fun, and the game is pretty. I had one crash only, easy to reproduce so I am going to report it to the developers."
76561197990122797,Recommended,298050,21570419,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,darth_snuggles,"Despite being an ""Early Access"" title , this is one of the best examples of that much abused genre. There is plently to do already, and I played through a full campaign with no crashes at all. As a 4X game it is most excellent. Having ploughed many hours into GalCiv 3 I can happily state that MOO is more fun. In it current state it is not, perhaps, quite as deep as Stardocks behemoth, but it is immensley enjoyable with a deep tech tree and endless options for customising your ships (which is something i have not really delved into). The voice acting is superb, as might be expected from a cast which includes Mark Hamill, John de Lancie and Alan Tudyk.Yes there are still missing features, and it could possibly do with better documentation and a tutorial but the game already feels like a finished product. In terms of extra features, the only thing I would add would be an experience system for your fleets, and possibly the option of adding Admirals who level up with them.Overall, if you are looking to scratch the 4X itch, and GalCiv is a bit heavy (and graphically suspect) give this a whirl. I don't think you will be disappointed."
76561198005719848,Recommended,298050,24222475,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,chris.w.mclean,"Just superb!  Everything Moo 1 & 2 was, updated and revitalized!"
76561198295651665,Recommended,298050,24216849,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,OctopusJack,I love this game but my master of orion is to easy to rush
76561198056609416,Recommended,298050,24451321,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Wuselvieh,Based on the same gamedesign with lots balancing changes and some new features.Still can bring the feeling - if you dont just complain that not everything is entirely the same.Btw. you still can play MoO2 ;)
76561198047575562,Recommended,298050,21468209,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,raventalen,love it but wish we had more control of ship combat
76561198033395447,Recommended,298050,25165848,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Clever28nj,"I waited to play until full release, and I have to admit I do not regret this purchase. The game is very easy to get into, and once you're into a game it has that one more turn feeling. I have Stellaris as well as Gal Civ 3 and I think all three are great games, but Masters of Orion doesn't have the punishing feel of Stellaris with pirates, nor the learning curve of Gal Civ 3. I hope to see a lot of great DLC down the line, and I hope to sink many, many hours creating mighty empires in the game as it is!!!"
,Recommended,298050,21671882,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,(-TN-) EvilGenius,"I am tired of the boohoo crap from other negative reviews here for this game, everybody wants feature this feature that without even giving the developers time to complete the game. If you leave a negative review on unfinished work your a tool.This game rocks! People who played moo2 will love this game, and I look forward to seeing the progress as it moves forward."
76561198007149867,Recommended,298050,21502614,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,The_Admiral,"I am a big fan of Masters of Orion 1 & 2. I spent many, many hours playing MOO2, even re-installing it not too long ago.Thie is just the BETA - so I have a lot of hope that the game will only continue to improve.First off, I really miss the turn-based combat. That has been removed. The combat in this re-boot is pausable real-time, where you can only direct your ships what targets to attack. The combat feels a bit like Gal Civ 3, but you have a little more influence over the battle. I did not see an option to retrat from combat - but thay may be coming later.No leaders, yet.Ship design, which I really used to enjoy feels watered down to me.The game is pretty, the music/sound is nice and the voice acting is solid, although the GNN anchors voices are annoying.The game locks up while processing the AI's turn pretty regularly, but it auto-saves, so you don't lose anything.I like it, but I was hoping for more complexity and more strategy.That being said, I will continue to play it."
76561198123279514,Recommended,298050,22257331,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Sky Davies,I like the game i think it was fun to play but i would like it if there was more races and bigger maps.
76561198009758842,Recommended,298050,25157756,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,MrMort,"Master of Orion, is it what everyone hoped it to be? maybe not, but it definately fills me with old school memories from when i played the originals and that makes it a-okay with me.a good game to fill in some spare time without too much overthinking or knife edge strategy requirements.looking forward to DLC which with any luck includes antereans, other old school races and features that are greatly missed from this release."
76561198095447827,Recommended,298050,21452982,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,lgarcia903,its great but the game is unstable atm i love it
,Recommended,298050,21595665,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Mordred,"This game is really starting to capture the spirit of the the MOO series while (thankfully) showing much more influence from MOO II rather than MOO III; it also takes inspiration from other 4X games. Not revolutionary, but most certainly a fun game.most people who dislike this game are complaining about the lack of turn based combat (it is real-time) which is not a problem for me. in the case of multiplayer, real-time is superior and a huge time saver for an already massively time-consuming game."
,Recommended,298050,21734510,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,ֆᎮ⊰◜◟⋎◞◝⊱ֆᎮ,Seems like all the Cry Baby Grognards are out in full force re Turn Based Combat or Not.So far this has been an incredibly faithful reboot of the series. Get In!
76561197994340572,Recommended,298050,24046339,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,gingermark,"Do I look forward to playing this game?  Yes.  Do the kids look forward to playing this game?  Yes.  Do we all look forward to exploring the game with each new early access incarnation?  Definitely yes.  I have had this game since early access 1 (EA1).  It has been and continues to be a fun ride seeing the large and small changes the developers make along the way.  As of the time of writing this review, the game is in EA5.The game is not yet perfect, but you can sort of feel the trajectory the developers are taking with changes to certain areas of the game.  Feeling nostalgic, I played through a couple MOO2 games recently for comparison.  I now feel colony management on this game is much improved over the original.  This has been something the developers have been making steady changes to with each EA incarnation.  I feel that ship design in the original is still a bit better because one really gets a sense that the way the ships are designed, what systems are installed, really affects their viability.  I was surprised to find that the turn-based combat I used to love in the original game became a bit tedious and I was actually looking forward to the real time combat we have here in this new Master of Orion game.  However, the addition of some turn-based elements to the combat system with the addition of hotkeys to activate various ship systems real time shows to me that the developers are addressing my concerns about ship design but doing it in a real time combat world.  Kudos.  Lastly, with the EA5 update they even brought back the beloved creative/uncreative options as well as added some other novel bundled “Special Abilities” picks to the race creation scheme.Come, join this journey with us.  Provide constructive criticism of what you do not like.  Provide feedback on what is working well.  Make this game into something worthy of bearing the name of Master of Orion."
76561197994382714,Recommended,298050,22048684,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Java Renegade,"Even in the early-access stage, the game has managed to capture the spirit of the earlier Master of Orion games, while streamlining colony/empire management and tactical combat. The tech tree is still my favorite in the 4X genre. Ship design is exactly the same as in Master of Orion 2, with firing arcs, targeting computers, shields and utility modules.As to the new additions, I'm surprised how well the real-time combat works. Pause the game, issue orders, resume. It's much faster than moving each unit individually, and it doesn't sacrifice any tactical depth.I also liked building up the new military outposts. They restrict enemy ship movement, allowing for the creation of a militarized border zone on the outskirts of the empire.The only thing I'm not sold on is the unlimited travel range for all ships. Discovering other races is much faster now, but somehow feels a bit out-of-character for Master of Orion. Still, this minor gripe hardly affects my overall enjoyment of an excellent game. Highly recommended!"
76561198262349646,Recommended,298050,23551688,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,fridek,"I played Master of Orion 2 and 3 when I was 15 or something. Those were completely different times, when I had days and days of free time and could see how the galaxy reacts when I move a little knob somewhere deep in my empire.I am amazed at how well new Master of Orion plays in this new way. I expected to get basically a copy of the older games with new graphics. You can see the comments from all the diehard fans from 640x480 pixel version commenting here.And the new graphics are there, with great voiceovers, but the gameplay is much closer to the rest of the AAA industry today. It plays more like a really advanced casual empire-building game, but without all the crap about freemium and pay-to-win. This is exactly the game I wanted for my no-longer-so-completely free schedule of an adult gamer.Make no mistake, this is an early access version. I played so far EA4 and it's playable, I enjoyed a few games already. Some depth is missing and some functionalities need balancing and more polish. I'm really happy to support the development since it's already cool in the current state. I just hope developers will survive the onslaught of comments from people who actually just want to go and play MoO2 again instead of a new game."
76561198024848838,Recommended,298050,21494347,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Lordhoth444,Ignore the old guard this is a great game and worth your money
76561197997229301,Recommended,298050,21497725,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Comrade GhostmasteR,"I like this game very much, its like civilization, but in a different style. What style I like.It is clear that the game is still in development, but there are little things that confuse and reduce the fun of the game. Some of them -  limit to 500 strokes. Civilization by an infinite number of moves I like a much more. I hope the game will be deweloped and then MoO become my favorite turn-based strategy!)___________________________________________________________________Мне эта игра очень напомнила Цивилизацию, но в другой стилистике. И это стиль мне нравится.Понятно, что игра еще в разработке, но есть мелочи и не мелочи, которые смущают и снижают удовольствие от игры. Главный для меня - всего 4 расы и ограниченность 500 ходами. Цивилизация за счет бесконечного числа ходов мне нравится много больше. Надеюсь, недостаток игры исправят, и тогда МоО стент моей любимой пошаговой стратегией!)"
76561198079605014,Recommended,298050,21555171,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Ccrash,"So far being only 10ish hours into the game, it so far has captivated me and proved to be a good purchase. But it does have its falws, also keep in mind that I was not an player of the original trillogy and this game is my intro into the franchise.PROS:- Game looks beautiful- The races have uniquie looking ships- Game play feels smooth- The tactical battle view breaks up the monotony of a 4x game- Voice acting is superior- Ability to focus a planet on a certain task weather it be food or production or science- UI is east to undertand and use- Easy to pick up and play for newcommers to the 4x gamesCONS:- The tactical screen doesnt really provide any real benefits to combat- Plant management where you sell buildings is a pain- GNN bots are so annoying (thank goodness for the baility to turn them off)- Planets with specials dont seem to have a large impact/ need to make that more important to get good plants (research & tech wise)- All races feel much to simlar (I find this wiht Civ V as well so lets hope it gets changed)- Ship customization needs more of an impact on combat- No unit XP system, there is no care for any speicif units, if oen dies, ""ooh well, ill build another""- No ""hero"" units of any kind, again makes the races feel very similarOver all I would give the game a solid 7/10, its great, plays well, and is overall a great time. That being said there is a lot fo room for improvement and I think if wargaming listens to their community this game could easily draw par or even surpass the Civ franchise."
76561198035278026,Recommended,298050,21554436,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Sormas,"Great Game so far,, few technical things that im sure the community is hammering the team with... my biggest one is the location in the research tree of Positronic computers.. makes no sense to get +75 beam accuracy after you get cybertronic computers which were 100 or 125 forget the detail of them.  the lack of a Harder difficulty at this time really bums, the Average setting is way to easy to face♥♥♥♥♥♥the NPCs.  Multiplayer works great minus if you trying to reconnect to a saved game. host gets blackscreened and only background interface loads (could of been a once off error or corrupted game, not sure how to verify) Lack of Gnolans gotta bring the greedy goblins back. Increase space pirate difficulty as game progresses.  they are just pushover late game and cant properly harass a race as im sure they were intended. Rates on research treaty's way to high to maintain (not sure if was a flaw or intended) 13k BC to open a 20 turn Treaty is intense at turn 150.  Infrastruct administration hella OP and game breaking for production. 3 turn Titans / = down hill easy mode."
76561198001285244,Recommended,298050,21555495,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Edward Bishop,"While it is still in Early Access, it shows great promise to recapture the spirit of its predecessors.  Its implementation of classic mechanics (such as  with new featuers and a modern UI, not to mentioh the most polish I've ever seen in a 4x title, makes it more than just a clone. Altogether, it is a game I would recommend to 4x fans even now at collector's edition price in early access.The extent to which they develop customizable races in a future update will, for me, make or break its replability."
76561198028229179,Recommended,298050,21515738,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Funkapillar,"3rd time through now and all of the above is true. The diplomacy doesn't feel finished, but that may be because I haven't played all the races. But the mechanics are solid and I can't wait for the other victory conditions to be available."
76561198019111155,Recommended,298050,21507496,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Radishknight,"Okay, lots to say (and I do hope the devs are taking a gander at the reviews!)This game has the potential to surpass #2 in my opinion, as someone who still played #2 as recently as a month ago, and as long as a good 20 years ago or so.I'm going to summarize that the key thing that makes this game better is the focus on balance. Everything modification wise is low to the ground from race traits, to weapons, buildings, everything. Power level is just simply toned down overall, and simplified. Simplified does NOT mean less strategic options, in fact stacking modifiers becomes very important in this, and every single turn almost you're making critical choices as a result. Colony ships don't take 70 turns at the start where you have to sit there clicking next for 30 minutes for the game to just get going.... by turn 50 you're going to feel like you're knee deep in a game, and ordering a pizza for the long haul. Your research is absolutely critical because the board state changes so fast. Likewise movement has changed entirely, for the better. The addition of military outposts is major, and you can use warp lanes as choke points. Loving it. The new changes to troop transports? Epic. Next colony button? Genius.Also, the first time you get a battleship you're going to feel pretty epic :) Mine just wiped out a whole fleet by itself.So here's the very long list of stuff the game kinda needs and in no way has missing these things stopped my friend and I from playing:- Leaders, even with very minor attributes, will make a nice difference. I'm sure this is planned, but both my friend and I were missing that.- More hover over information, notably there is no way to access a stats screen for my ships beyond going into the blueprints area. If I wanted to assess my fleet it would be a pain right now.- Tactical combat in multiplayer as an option. I'm sure this is coming too, but can't hurt to mention.- More meaningful ability to understand the various scores breakdown and army strength. My friend seemed to have much higher army values, but holy cow was my army performing very well. We're not sure on any level why my excellence score is higher than his.- Slow down the GNN reports, they're over really quick and this is the kind of game you can really sit back with. Just keep options open!- When streaming it is really hard to avoid the race selection being a problem because the narration happens every time you click a new race. Maybe it could be a toggle or a button or something.Will alter this list as things change or as I remember the minor issues which came up."
76561198241933580,Recommended,298050,25036594,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Allenson,Better than Stellaris.
76561198002901208,Not Recommended,298050,28124297,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Novirtue,"I'm updating my review for MOO, they definitely didn't keep any of the things to leave master of orion as it once was, simplistic and more focused on the actual gameplay, instead they opted for the micromanagement nightmare of pollution buildings like moo2 and moo3 had done.I hope that someday someone gives the original Moo the love it deserved, there are far better 4x titles now that don't require us to put as much micromanagement as this game does.. see sins of a solar empire, stellaris, etc, it's really hearbreaking because when they first announced the remake, I was excited I was expecting them to stay with the roots of the game, instead it's just another lifeless simulation with eye candy graphics, battles that are unfun, no control whatosever over them, one track minded Ai."
76561197968783854,Recommended,298050,21822461,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Red5x5,I can't stop playing this game.  I really like the lay out and it's fun building up fleets to go spank the other races.  The voice acting is top notch and so is the music.Only down side is they haven't opened up a harder AI yet so now that I know what I am doing I kill the AI very quick.  Right now the AI is very stupid and it wont attack if you military is stronger than them.There are a few bugs here and there and a few not finished artworks but for the most part It's polished.
76561198027656725,Recommended,298050,21525787,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,obiehoward,"I bought this game about 48 hrs ago , spent large part of yesterday afternoon playing it , for an early access game played very well , only had it freeze up 2 times when combat completed - I played MOO2 ,and liked it , but I like this one better , have seen some complaints that it was not a remake of MOO1 and MOO2 , I personly really like this game , that said , I got MOO1 , MOO2 , and MOO3 free as a bonus when i purchased this game while in early access , a great deal . - it does of course need some work I played as nature loving bears at default difficulty , i managed to get a jump on all the other empires/civs in game by quickly exploring and grabbing 2 or 3 key star sytems  , colonizing said systems 1st , fortifying the outbound routes from my territory , and placing warships there ASAP - then after the fact sending out colonization ships to the many planets i bypassed while seizing those key systems - I have the largest economy , largest tech and largest military  and while I am not liked none dare to attack me since I have 2 large and powerful fleets at each end of my empire - I am not really that good at these games so I suspect I either just got very lucky and got the jump on the other races by grabbing key systems or the balancing and or AI need more work - ALL IN ALL A VERY GOOD GAME LOOKING FORWARD TO THEM COMPLETEING IT ."
76561198018934882,Recommended,298050,21524931,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,DaveNB,"Taking into account this is an Early Access Game, I am very pleased with the results.  The graphics are great and the gameplay is pretty easy, maybe a bit too easy.  Hopefully in the final version there will be harder difficulty levels, planet govenors, improved ship combat & design, etc. but it's very playable at this point... no bugs so far."
76561198031985186,Recommended,298050,21526114,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,quertas,"I liek this game, been a afan since part 2,  even in early access it still does the job.  Howeer, i wish there was more technology to research.  something like the oldy space empires v, where there is a lot of tech to research.with these kinds of games, im dissapointed baout scientific victories.  i would rather discover more techs..anyways its worth the money.. grab it and enjoy..welcome back master of orion!!!!"
76561198157009385,Recommended,298050,21578514,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,commanderjalc,"As I frantacally search for that one game from my childhood that had these big ships, tactical grids, and colonizing of planets, I at first wrote this series off as ""Not being it""Later to my astonishment, it is the series that I was looking for. In that instant I bought it. It was worth the 50$.The one I remember is Master of Orion 2. You build your empire, you have your ships and research to do. You interact with the other races. Played a game then moved on to the Reboot.Oh boy, the Reboot. You build, you explore, you talk, and you conquer. Each race, as the previous versions, have their own style of ships. One looks like a cat's head and another looks like a flying saucer. The more you research, the bigger gun you have. They stick true to the predisessors, you make the ships.You can't beat that, you can't beat a game that it's your choise to rule or rule beside. If you push your people hard, they push back harder. If your out of money, there goes most of your stuff. Once you reach a certain number of planets that you own, almost no one is willing to touch you, unless they have 10K in millitary power at their disposal.All and all, this is a game worth buying if your a fan of tactical space sims."
76561198094071305,Recommended,298050,23281383,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,MoDaug,"As I write this, this title is in early access, meaning that we are afforded the oppurtunity to play early developement builds of the game as they put the finishing touches on it leading up to full release.I have played MOO since it first came out, and this game is very true to the origonal capuring the gameplay and feel of  it 's predicessors.  Seeing chances as various ""builds"", I can see how the developement is progressing and the game is shaping up nicely.  I can also see where some may not be aware that with earl access, they are playing a ""work in progress"", and not the finished product.  Bugs are to be expected, and are addressed.If you enjoy this genre, I recomend this great reboot to the series!!"
76561198012000017,Recommended,298050,22991014,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,tjssn21,Fun game
76561198052912661,Recommended,298050,21907865,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,hexangelus,"If you are looking for a game that is close to the original then you found it. If you are wanting it to be exactly like the original than you can just play the original because it comes with the purchase. I feel however that the management is much more streamlined and the technogy tree that is present also gives new players the chance to learn what plans they should make. The originals required a lot of reading to really get good. Here there will me a lot of hover messages that will explain not only what something does but why it is at that current value. What do you have +9 to food on a world with 1 farmer? Hover over it. Want to know why that race hates your guts? Hover over the colored bar that shows their attitude about you. Spying is not quite out yet, but I cant wait to see how that will be improved. I have heard people complain about the AI not being good because a race hates them but is giving them colonies and joining an alliance. They probably never played the original. Each race values things more than others and some races will fear you for different reasons."
,Recommended,298050,21535214,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,IcewaterCreekStudios,"""Status""""IN PROGRESS""Fantastic so far on many levels.If you have not watched the videos you should, they spent good money on fantastic actors for the voice work! That in itself really drew in our curiosity.As a developer myself, many different chairs(diversity in choices), allows me to review not just based as some 12 yr old wanting to read like an adult. I dont compare to anyone, soley the craft of what I am reviewing, their work, their effort and development route.If you enjoy Galactic Civilizations III, Master of Orion and its new state is just terrific in comparison for Early Access.They did well for balance and such for Early Access which was my only concern. They layed out the production and development with the professionalism we have come to expect fromWargaming.net.In over 7 hours of play, only a couple of graphical glitches, but fully operational and with no bugs that do not impede gameplay.Great 60FPM. Not extensive on pc demand, so if you have 1 year or newer video card and solid state drive, your good.The writing is done very well too and I hope they continue to add more because it can be a bit redundant in longer games.The artwork and time spent is fantastic... but the voice work and all the acting stars that did this game including Mark Hamill(Star Wars), Michael Dorinm(Star Wars), Alan Tudyk(First Knight), John Delancy(Star Trek), John Cassir (Star Trek), and Robery England(Nightmare on Elm Street)!!I actually expected a terrific game like this from the makers of World of Tanks, World of Warplanes and World of Warships (Wargaming), who aldo just made WoTanks the most immersive tank game from sound effect and realism to date breaking a guiness record. So what do they do... take to space since they completed all war games on earth LOL.Get it, they give your all the old ones and this one... 4 games for 1 price.You wont even know its Early Access and spank people in a way you have not imagined! Old school or new school, this is a game with a nice smooth learning curve, and hard to master once you think you have it down. Replayability will give you hours to try so many races and so many tactics and world development.Put on a fresh pair of panties and hold on tight.... its one enjoyable ride and still huge amounts to come. Their updates have been bountiful and they are interacting with the community often.Solid Buy and underestimated and underrated.. but we plan to change that!It is still Early but this game, you would not know when when in the drivers seat!Discalimer; The Review Crew's evaluations are based on paying close attention to forum response and activity, system demand, fun of the game genre, position of originality in respective genre, growth of the project in its current state at time of review, graphics as a whole for end user, presentation of the game and display, replayability, patch/tweak progress, beginner friendliness & gameplay direction, content & depth, attention to detail on small things(polish), lag and multiplayer application if applicable, badge card availability, with a minimum 8 hours of gameplay and interaction with customer base after release. We are not affliliated with any specific brand or entity or on any payroll. All views are based on positive only feedback as we are in no position to criticise anyones craft, just current states of development and progress at the time of our participation. If we offend anyone with our content, it was not us! Our review was hacked!"
,Recommended,298050,21468770,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Tal'Set,"Absolutely amazing, even in an EA state."
76561197993048671,Recommended,298050,21502901,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,hate,Thats a game which worth every cent! Thanks guys for bringing it back!
76561198036739920,Recommended,298050,21871139,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,crimsonstarjewel,"Greeting felow space emperors!So I would recommend this game once the final product is complete. Unless you are a 4X nerd and really want to get a MoO fix now, wait until it is finished. I think all in all this is a promising start to an enjoyable game, but depending on the direction the deveopers go, it could become MoO 3 ish in its development.I will update this once the next set of updates has been released. If I were to grade it now it would be like grading the rough   draft and not very informative of the final product._____________________"
76561198030893408,Recommended,298050,21484770,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,joestevensus,"My thoughts after an abortive play through and then a full play through in 7 hours...Fairly enjoyable, but hopefully some features and AI aggression yet to come. The game had some interesting moments, but did get a touch boring as well. Building the 20 somethingth planet up got boring, but the auto-build seemed useless.The AI basically left me alone. The cat people destroyed my main fleet and I madly build another one while waiting for an attack. There was one attack which I barely repulsed, but that was it. The AI could have taken much of my empire if they had tried. Or another race could have attacked me while I was weak and several did dislike me.It looked very good if a bit cartoony. There were no crashes. It seemed quite a bit like MOO 1/2 re-skinned, which is good for me. The relations between me and other races seemed fine if a bit simplistic.I just auto fought the battles and didn't worry about the RTS, so I didn't count that as a negative. I didn't have a problem with the Civ style tech tree. You still have some techs that require you to pick one tech out of two or three options. Also spys and marine invasions seem to be coming later.Weak AI, some boredom and no custom races are my main negatives. Note that custom races are ""coming soon"".A few notes that could be fixed easily. A way to see and sort pollution percentage from the empire screen. A way to see which planets had repair ability for my ships. A way to tell a ship to stay at a planet until repaired. Custom lists of things for the planets to build when first colonized. I may have missed some of those already being in game and I just didn't see them.From a fair old-timer, it wasn't bad and might improve so a thumbs up."
76561198013907351,Recommended,298050,22012630,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,mdiesel95,"Very cool game in my eye's, as far as the other bad reviews I think other people expected it to be a replica of the old but you know it's good for what it is. After some work on DLC I think people will lean toward this game more"
76561198030788721,Recommended,298050,21560502,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,gruberik,"It is early access game. We all know how many games in this stage turn to be worse than they should. Whatever state it is now, I really hope they won't stop with development. Quality over quantity is all I ask.Message to developerI bought it in early access, so that you can make it even better than it already is. Please don't waste your chance and people will be forever grateful to you.That is all I have to say and will take my stand on this opinion regardless of hours played. Thank you."
76561198030778236,Recommended,298050,21485995,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Whygee,"MoO2, how I've missed you!So far, games looks great, very stable product, scales well to various settings, tech tree is pretty much MoO2 in a Civ4/5 setting, exploration is a little too easy (no range restriction), pacing is a little off (especially pop growth and science; will be adjusted), combat is non-strategic (will be updated). Fun bonus: you get a Trekkie nerd rush every now and then, as Worf narrates the destruction of a Bandit Camp, Barclay updates you on galactic events or Q tells you how much of a♥♥♥♥♥♥you are for not trading with Humans.Couple of small bugs here and there, nothing game breaking.And it's fun! It does not recapture the essence of what was MoO2 for me, but I'm sure it should cater to those in need of a 4X thrill in space!p.s. I personally prefer Stellaris. May be because I played 5,000+ hours of MoO2 as a teenager."
76561198028009060,Recommended,298050,21455231,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Kris,Love everything aside from the combat.  Almost nailed the Moo 2 vibe.
76561198029238716,Recommended,298050,21735053,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,FartForever,"nice, sexy game"
,Recommended,298050,22804871,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,binarycrusader,"If you're looking for a wall of text -- I don't do reviews that way.With that said, overall, I'd recommend this game.  It's already a lot of fun at this early point.  However, as someone that played the original MoO and MoO 2 (mostly the latter), it doesn't feel quite right just yet.I think the game is off to a good start, and if the developers keep moving in a positive direction, this will be a B+ game easily when it's officially released.The game is definitely not read for an official release just yet though, so don't buy this unless you're a fan of the series and don't mind playing something that's not quite finished yet."
,Recommended,298050,21516936,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,mizugori,"Just played a massive first session for hours; this game will quickly suck in any MOO veteran. Honestly it is pretty far along for an Early Access game. There are a few bugs and some features are not programmed yet. Also, they need to do more work to differentiate it from MOO2 - it is very similar to MOO2 but with updated 3d graphics. However,  it's an amazing product so far, and definitely has the potential to be what MOO3 should have been.I would give it a 7/10 and say that if they make the right choices it could easily be a 10/10."
76561198143096158,Not Recommended,298050,32622011,Posted: 21 June,all,pqarr83,"Like many others, I purchased out of loyalty to MOO2 and have come to realise that this game is just not good enough.I must say though, it is a respectful attempt and I appreciate the obvious effort.I can state with confidence that prospective buyers would find Stellaris to be a tremendously superior title.  As a direct result of this, I cannot recommend MOO in the slightest.  I feel somewhat apologetic for this, but such is the truth."
76561198006686535,Not Recommended,298050,23100000,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,micknogri,"I tend to agree to what many reviewer have already noted:The core mechanics are now in place and there is litle chance that we will see major changes to them, I assume mainly tweaking, balancing and finshing the implementation of tool tips/special features will be coming in the next update prior to a release.Pros-. The product in it's current state is playable and can be enjoyable, depending on what you are looking for: it'sclose to a polished finished title +++. The dev have done a great job (as developpers) the game has very few bugs, the dev are listening and addressing bug reports, and quite busy updating the game with patches, and updates. ++. Some of the changes implemented (start lanes, polution, victory condition, etc) are ok, those add-on fit in the spirit of the franchise. ++. Empire management, research, ship building are fairly well done, well streamlined and intuitive: improved on the franchise previous titles. +-Cons. AI un-challenging --. Tactical battles. ---I get no enjoyment from the above.It's actually the part that makes me lose interest in the game after a 100 turns or so.Past the 100 turn mark the next thing that wakes me up is the battle with the Orion guardian.Before and after no matter what I have done I will dread that boring tactical battle screen, clicking every ship formation to step back, move on,  go right or got left behind that block of asteroid to avoid a volley of missile: I do all this charade to try to get a feeling of control on the outcome of the battle when there is actually nothing critical you can achieve in those tac battle screen.More importantly for me: have fun.Fun firing my newly researched  plasma gun, fun testing what that new experimental design will do on the battlefield, fun trying out a fleet with a new module, trying to disable a specific enemy threat, and so and so.The battle are incredibly shallow I don't even think there is a need to RTS this mascarade within its own instance when you engage a fleet: the game could RTS the combat in the space map directly.That would save us screen loading time and we would get to the same result anyway.-My conclusionI am disapointed in the result of the reboot.I feel that I have been commercially abused, using such an old franchise  and rebooting it to that level of tactical dullness. Are they looking at people to take selfies in front of GNN robots and start a trend on facebook? That franchise was old, a reboot of an old franchise is going to attract old gamers and requires some respect...This game goes mainstream, I don't even know what public they are targeting.So I want to return the favor to you WGS and I will recommand readers to go and get Sollaris, you will get the same Boring space battle but it doesn't have a reputation to live for and it's actually a refrehing title in the 4X genre.MOO franchise and core strategy was built around space battle (research, econmy etc) here space battle are a side mechanic to manage, like diplomacy or spying so it's not a reboot it's a single title in the competitive 4X market, go for stellaris if you are considering M004.Dev you did a good job.The one(s) responsible for the depletion of interest in tactical battles in order to mainstream this title: you've changed.I hope you get a mutation in the next tractor SIM simulator game: go reboot that franchise it's a niche market."
76561198114797405,Recommended,298050,25186092,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,SmiteKnight,I 100% reccomend this game! I have played it for a while and there are to many things to say in a single reveiw so here are my favorites:-Graphics=amazing-Combat=heavenly (so much fun)-Cool races-Epic random scenarios.I love this game!
76561198052524472,Not Recommended,298050,26367256,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Noob,"Just some points that stick out for me:-Problem with AI getting stuck on processing thier turn (in recent update). this is my main reason for not recommended, will change when fixed.-Spacelanes between systems is a design choice that somewhat goes against what I expected and enjoyed about traditional MOO2-No Antares-No ship captures+Modifying the game is easy+The core parts are all there for 4x+Pretty+UX is functional, not perfect but doesn't get in your wayAs I mentioned, if it wasn't for the AI getting stuck between turns and ruining the game in progress I'd recommend but as it stands right now; thumbs down. :("
,Recommended,298050,21483156,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Triken,"I'm writing this shortly after purchase and first load, it's still running now... But i had to take the time to make this known.  Every turn, every thing i've done so far has made me a very happy dragon.  Its like they took the best of MoO1 and MoO2 and blended them like a perfect cocktail.  I see great things for this game and wish to thank the dev team for their work so far and i'm very eager to see it's production!  I'm very glad to have bought this Early Access and would recommend anyone who loved MoO 1 or 2 to do the same, you won't be disappointed!"
76561198041414407,Recommended,298050,21567059,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Nikky,"So here are the pros and cons about Master of Orion in its current state:Positive:Looks very prettyHigh profile voice actingVery stable buildVery few bugsComes with Master of Orion 1,2 and 3 (runs in Dos Box)Of course I take a lot of things in the game for granted so I cannot list them as positive... they are supposed to be there.Negative:The introduction of Star Lanes might not be everyone's thing... I'd prefer the old system + fuel.At this point the AI is fairly stupid, but this is subject to change according to the devs.Technologies need to be more balanced (Missiles need ammo or a nerf), also future technologies do not make older tech cheaper and smaller.Racial traits are very limitedObviously the game is still in Early Access so a lot of things can change.Also be aware that right now only 6 races are available and you cannot create a custom race yet.There is no espionage in the game yet.You also cannot change difficulty settings or the galaxy size (locked to medium for now) - you can chose between spiral and circular galaxy though.Ground combat is only simulated - I hope there will be a proper one in the future.Conclusion: Right now it's an easy going 4X game but lacks depth.Buy if you cannot wait for other similar games that are going to be released this year.Otherwise wait a bit before getting it.Also mind that this is the Collector's Edition. A cheaper Standard version will be a available at a later time."
76561198012689312,Recommended,298050,21626816,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,kjap275,Well I think it's fun.  It still rough around the edges and needs some more work but the presentation is nice.  Having star lanes is kinda♥♥♥♥♥♥though.  Overall it's cool.
76561198017374232,Recommended,298050,21604606,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Mikhail,"As a long time fan of MOO 1 & 2, this current version is awesome. It gets the feel of the old games correct, and adds a modern update to the graphics and gameplay.Still being developed, it is currently turn-based, but may go RTS in a future release.Either would be fine, although I understand RTS offers many more possibilities for strategy according to it's developers.Bring it on, I say!To the nay-sayer reviews I will add, ""What part of STILL IN DEVELOPMENT did you not understand?"""
76561198032231728,Not Recommended,298050,29792026,Posted: 8 February,all,clw1014,Play one of the older ones. My pc is newer computer and still has problems with this game just using medium size galaxys size near end game.  Causes it to crash and load screens are very slow. (RAM is usaly around  33% at the time).Other then the crashing and slow load its  a good game.Usaly I play offline played many many more hours.
76561198026468475,Recommended,298050,22772765,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,o_kozlov,"The game hangs when I click on one of the newly scouted worlds - i click on the world and the game is frozen, clicking ""Done"" button in the corner does not close the planet view, neither Esc, Space, or Enter/Return do anything..."
,Recommended,298050,22992902,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,stout-halfling,"I've played every incarnation of the Master of Orion series, literally from the beginning.  This installment reminds me of the original game in many respects.  I rather enjoy the feel and strategy of the game.The bad first.The interface map defaults to a zoomed configuration on every turn.Warp corridors, I rather miss having a limited range and fuel tech to restrict searches.A few techs are positioned to late in the game to be useful (i.e. core waste dumps)Turn based space battles.Some of the voice overs seem a little too processed, to the point where the actors virtually identifiable.The good.The feel and appearance is coherent over all aspects of the races.The interface is very streamlined and intuitive.The pace of the game is smooth, and to the point of wanting to play just one more turn.The economic victory is an interesting addition, which adds an additional dimension to game.The missed.A additional races from Master of Orion 2, especially the telepathic one.Fuel tech, found it to be an excellent limiter to expansion.Capturing enemy ships.I've really enjoyed this purchase and the changes that have come along in the early access game.  I look forward to seeing how the game continues to change and hope to see new additions in the future."
76561197999632344,Recommended,298050,23075564,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,rherrman1,I have played all the master of orion games. This game has some simplistic  gameplay but it delivers a fun experience.
76561198186765294,Recommended,298050,21522102,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Nøηϯ,Mater of Orion. Do I have to say anything else?
76561198053292111,Recommended,298050,21488767,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,mbaldwin,very good game so far
76561198044567875,Recommended,298050,21507137,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,drvoid,I played the original MOO and absolutely loved it and MOO2.   This is a beautiful successor to the original without the mistakes of MOO3.  Addictive and wonderful to play.
76561197962554783,Recommended,298050,21488587,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,TEMPEST,good
76561197997093816,Recommended,298050,21657523,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,jchap100321,So far this is a great overhaul to a classic game franchise. I am very impressed with the way the game handles. You do have to make sure that you do set the graphics for 1080p otherwise the graphic performance is very choppy. Once you get the settings right the game performs superfluously and the challenge begins. Though it is a turn based program it is loads of fun for those that have played this game through the years.
76561198024160929,Not Recommended,298050,28139545,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,eyeris,"This game is so broken on linux that I think it should have the SteamOS icon removed. In fullscreen mode it defaults to the monitor's max resolution and doesn't provide any other options. In windowed mode, it offers plenty of other resolutions. Those settings don't save, so you have to change it each time you launch the game. As if that wasn't frustrating enough, when the game switches from fullscreen to windowed mode, it often times crashes. That is all before you even play the game but the problems don't stop there. After playing for a while and saving your game multiple times, the game sometimes loses your savegames!"
,Not Recommended,298050,32517512,Posted: 17 June,all,Second Impact was an inside job,"If MoO 2 or (heavens forbid and perish the thought), MoO 3 were to be used as benchmark tests against which whom to contrast this pale imitation of a reboot, the result is appalling. Out of respect for the insurmountable challenges the developers unfortunately did not live up to I shall censor my true feelings and simply say this game is found wanting on all respects.Terrible start of a reimagined series, if that was the plan.Still, one can only speculate what the future may bring, and if it indeed will be the betterment of this game."
76561198030647747,Recommended,298050,21613975,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,shawn3010,Great Game
,Recommended,298050,21486688,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Skitariio,"Got to be She-Cat and the Masters of Orion.10/10 Would BY THE POWER OF ORION again.""CURSE YOU SHE-CAT! MYYYAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHH!"" ~ Emperor Durpp of the Bulrathi Empire."
,Recommended,298050,22051341,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,DarkRavin,"My updated Review after recent patch:Updated 3 March 2017After 100+ hours... Get this game, they have improved soo much and it is just fun as hell.________________________________________________________________________________Old Reviews:35+ hours of game experienceMaster of Orion Version 42.6Game is simple but getting more complex. It is clear on how to progress and upgrade both ships and planets. It is fun building up a empire and crushing a enemys with it. An this game does it well, with out all the head ache of a few other titles.My previous complaint of the diplomat system has been vastly improved.  As were before the AI refused to back down from a war, even when there was no hope of winning is fixed.  Empires will often bow down and agree to vote for you if you are dominating them.  Tho they do tend to pick a fight over not giving them credits, even if you are the strongest military in the galaxy.I was able to maintain a few alliances since patch as well, which is a huge step in the right direction.  My only complaint about the allys is more often than not they don't support you if your attacked.  They break alliance and stay friendly with you, but avoid fighting other enemys.  Atleast until your serval times stronger than the enemy.  Thats when they fall back to the old logic of better not♥♥♥♥♥♥the player off our he may very will use my empire to wipe his♥♥♥♥♥with.Also with the launch of the new races, I find the new races struggling to match the old races that get a science buff.  Sure you get manufacturing bonus, but its only helpful early on and late game.  Mid game any race with science bonus tends to be vastly supiour to you in tech, which makes your fleets hard press to beat them.  You literally have to friend them or kill them in the first 100 turns our your in for a painful time.Over all this latest patch has been great.  Diplomat system got a lot better and gameplay became more dynamic with the new races and the creat your own race option.  But game does need some mad race bonus tweaks.Update: 29 March 2016Noticed AI now builds ships to counter your designs.  I tend to love rocket boats, but since recent patch they seem to be less effective.  An noticed AI is guarding against missles a lot more with point defense builds.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Cons:Would definitely be the AI.  Its actions could be improved, and  a better way to barter them down to a agreement would be nice.  Right now it feels like its their way or the highway if they ask for somthing.Would be nice to be able to make a race a slave race as well instead of just killing them off and loosing thier vote.An the other problem would be balance of the classes.  I feel the races with science bonus diffently has the advanage past turn 100.Anyways thats my 2 cents on the game. Differently recommend it in its current state.  Especially if the improvements keep rolling out like this lastest patch."
,Recommended,298050,21513000,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,breGus,"Game for old ♥♥♥♥ who have played first MOO. Two thumbs up for transferring feeling of original game, but i miss some features from MOO2."
,Recommended,298050,21580143,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Maelstrom Vortex,"So far thoroughly enjoyable. I played my first complete play through as the Sakkra. Didn't do too badly. I will try to screen cap the score screen in my  gallery.Game stays true to the principles of the original game. Still needs a lot of work to bring it up to competitive speed with current 4x's, but a truly magnificent ground work has been laid for a good game for early access. The game is enjoyable in its current state with few noticable bugs or glitches. Interface still needs some work, especially on the combat screen. It still is much better than the combat screen from MOO3 which had little more than shadows for ships.I think this game has a lot of potential. I bought in early to encourage its devleopment."
76561198025166243,Recommended,298050,21929873,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,billamos,As a person who talked to the Designers of MOO 2 back in the 1990s was thrilled to see this being remade.Will say so far I like what I have seen. I know there is more to come so reserving final judgement. But right now recomend this game.But the final verdict is still out. Some features missing in game that can make it great. One is Hotseat from old MOO2. That simple edition made MOO2 so entertaining with friends at home for so many nights.One thing I disliked about MOO2 is still in this game. Too few star systems and too few planets. I had to get the online editor to fix the problem in MOO2. Sad to still see that this game limit is in this new game.Ship design and building is another key feature. Will have to see how this is implimented.Like the new version over old MOO2 with technologies. Hated the limit of having to only chose one of three techs in a group. Really need to see that removed finally.Finally would love a tech adjustment filter. I downloaded a mod that allowed tech discoveries to take longer than MOO2 allowed. Always hated that tech changed so fast making early weapons and tech so useless to even find.Good luck with the game !
76561198015810047,Recommended,298050,24068834,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Combatkat,"I give this game a 9/10 only because it is still pre alpha.  This game is very well made and the interface is beautiful.  As annoying as GNN used to be, its actually entertaining to watch in this new version of MOO.  The races are well done and I had no problems with the custom race screen.  Also the advisor is very helpful and all the information is there by highlighting over anything.  This game is superior in everyway to the original and I am pleasantly surprised by that.  What I also liked immensely is a bug report screen in which you can report any descrepancies you might noticed.  On that issue there was only one I could find so far and that was a placeholder for race name in GNN which showed up only once so far.The only thing I would reccommend is a better upgrade or shipyard screen advisor for it is a little hard to get a understanding of it.  While it is fairly intiutive it would be helpful to have an advisor or something there.  Other than that very well done."
,Recommended,298050,24084246,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,lwquade,From playing this game now for 23 hours so far it seems to be a very stable and fun game. Played the tutorial with a couple races and it functions well. Yes it is a text box tutorial with some minor voice-overs but all in all it works well and decribes the basics very well. There are a few bugs in the later game but this is still an EA game and does need a bit more polishing. Anyone who has played MoO1 and 2 will fall back in love with this game. It even has some of the old sound effects from MoO1. I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys a true 4x game. 8/10 for me so far!!
76561198017681447,Recommended,298050,24165198,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,ferretsrule,"I'm a total fan of the series from back when the first one game out, I’ve played all of them to death in my younger years so to me it was a non brainer to get this. Just one of those people that liked the original so much that they still regularly play it, and I like this. It  like an updated version of the older games with better graphics some nicer toned music and a few little quirks here and there such as the tech tree works which forces you to make choices. If I had to put on my none bias hat I would sadly have to say there are better 4x space games on the market, but for those getting into this genre of game it is easier to get to grips with than some of the more complex ones on the market. If new to the genre its worth a look, but if an old hand at these style of games and looking for something with a lot more depth then not your cup of tea. For me however both thumbs up!"
76561198147755208,Recommended,298050,24858397,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Logistics,"Same great MOO2 empire building with GREAT CHANGES:Common sense tech tree of CIV (why wouldn't I research a tech?)RTS style space battles with beautiful cinematic mode optionalSpacelane bottlenecking of Ascendancy (so I don't have to tediously send ships to my backwater planets to defend against out-of-nowhere races with advanced star drives.)Beautiful streamlines interface.Great! More human factions please, and ability to scroll in and out of planets."
,Recommended,298050,21475961,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,thisisnudge,"Being an old MOO2.EXE owner, I didn't expect much after MOO3, to be honest. That said, MOO:CTS (?) is a nice Early Access game, so far.I think that it is a great 4X game that will disappoint some MOO fans, but I'm sure it is interesting to fans of MOO-clones such as Endless Space, Galactic Civilizations, Star Ruler etc., for perhaps the following reasons- At this stage, it is a full game with tons of features already- Nice art and sound, and (surprisingly) a decent AI with alliances and such- It is not ground-breaking, nor experimental though, so it's easy to learn- It is of a higher art and design quality than many other 4X games- Space combat is RTS with an option for auto-combat- Less micro management than old 4X gamesFor old MOO brats I'd say- It is quite a shiny Disney evolution of a dinosaur- Not so many fresh gameplay ideas so far- It's like CIV4 and 5 are its best friends, MOO2 is its dad, and MOO1 its grandpa- And quite some lack of depth, of story, due to Early Access, I guessEDIT: Now that Stellaris is coming, I think that this MOO shows its weakness. Stellaris did show so far more fresh and interesting game mechanics, depth and even some story, while MOO:CTS seems to be rather a nice looking remake than anything that will push 4X forward."
,Recommended,298050,23036502,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,mike17032,"It feels like a super well polished MOO game, and I love that.  The voice cast alone is worth the price of admission."
76561197993288786,Recommended,298050,23260140,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Invest,"Great 4x game, really good for beginners of the genre (like I am). Has such a good interface everything is very clean. Loving it!"
76561198032120558,Recommended,298050,22245974,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Who,"Just as stated in the pre beta videos, it's a true remake of the original with today's graphics capabilities.. If you enjoyed the original then you will be pleased.I'm loving it...."
76561198000139785,Recommended,298050,22988591,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,mcclellan.richard,"Overall, a GREAT addition to the MOO series.My only gripe is the gameplay is a little simplistic at times; however, the game is a ton of fun, the graphics are great, I love the music, and it has much replayability."
76561198007475957,Recommended,298050,21512581,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Kysus,"Still early,but I have loved what I have played of it so far,it's actually got the same feel that moo 2 had,can't wait until full release."
,Recommended,298050,21553517,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Kiln,"As a light 4X fan and someone who played Master of Orion 2 when it came out years ago, this game was very easy to get into. Other 4X games have a steep learning curve and have a lot of information thrown at you. This game has a great UI that was pretty intuitive and easy to figure out without constant tooltips. It also definitely gets you in the nostalgia if you played Master of Orion 2.The major complaint about this game so far is that it is too easy. Can't say I'm really surprised about that for an early access game however. There is currently no difficulty setting in the game and the computer seems to stop researching and expanding after reaching a certain point. I wouldn't be surprised if this turns out to be the beginner or easy difficulty.Obviously it comes down to how the game looks like at release, but there's plenty of time for them to address this. Computer difficulty seems like something that's the easiest to address before release. Worth keeping an eye on as it nears release."
,Recommended,298050,21575974,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,RE_Stringer,i really like the game so far i hope they keep going the right way with it
76561198034180089,Recommended,298050,22341541,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Aries403,I loved it.  I never get tired of math heavy micromanagement
76561198099357303,Recommended,298050,24100660,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Eagoth,"First off Im just going to say that this game... IS AMAZING. Every cent was worth it. I honestly do not understand the other negative reviews of this games because much of what they are not true, but I´m not here to bash other people around, I really want to review this game and highlight it's potential.As you can see, yes I have put a lot of hours into the game. Having playing Civilization, Galactic Civilizations, and many more stratigic game I can surely say this game does not fall behind.The graphics, the battle mechanic and the way you can control battles, the economy, and the victory paths that you can do really are complex and fun (specially if you go with espionage).But the best fact is that this game that I have had so much fun, played with many friends, and have impressed them all, all this is still just Early Access. People might argue that the devs aren't going to do anymore which is not true but even if it were this game is more than great enough to launch.Try out this game and don't fall for all negative reviews and bashing it's recieving, More than a great game to play now I can safely say it has an amazing POTENTIAL (becuase I want to highlight that word) and I trust the devs of what they are making because they have already made great work up till now."
76561198103876056,Recommended,298050,21674857,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,erickh911,"wish the universes were bigger, other then that so far a good game."
76561197963581821,Recommended,298050,23789879,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Krakadoom,"Not feature complete, regardless of what the devs think. There is a lot of flavor missing that was what made MOO2 such a charming, replayable game. Worst of all no turn based combat and no pilots/administrators. Less humourous and more repetitive GNN. Underneath all that, though, is still a pretty solid game. It just needs more work and more polish. And a few more features."
76561198024372652,Recommended,298050,21537674,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,alek,"Very interesting remake. Complexity is on good old Master Of Orion level, early access game is stable and highly playable. Thank you guys for a great work!"
,Recommended,298050,21662691,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,kierant1997,"Although I'm still on my first playthrough of the game, I'm really enjoying it. Some UI still needs better explanations such as workers being on strike.Also, I think the UI could do with a bit of streamlining, it's a very klunky system where selecting a building opens a new window where you select the one you want then press build, then leave the menu. It could in some ways benefit from using a similar UI to CIV when working on your planets."
76561197997965037,Recommended,298050,22088863,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,darrellmortimore,"O I've played the originals and loved them, this isn't far off with a few elements missing and a few updates could make it really good, so lets see who listens.Dont get me wrong, still love this game, far better than that MOO3 rubbish, just needs some tweeks:1.  Ships - could do with more options for the looks, currently they only have 2 looks per class could do with a few more to make your fleets look different.2.  Customisation - is very similar but they limit you to slots as well as space,3.  Races - All the races seem to have the same personality, they used to do diffent things like be best at research, expand, lots of ships, now they seem to be the same and do the same in negotiations as well.4.  Random Events - could do with more random events/monsters, this seems to have been cut down as well.5.  CNN News - I know there robots but jesus, make them a bit more interesting they are so boring you just want to skip them.6.  Combat - can we have an option like Homeworld where you can follow one ship or a squad by clicking F on the ship.  Also could do with some diffent combat grounds, not just asteroids on the screen.7.  Doom star - I know this is the end game ship, but dont think it should automatically have the destroy planet option, I was leveling entier star systems  each turn with this, would have it as a research option and have to equip it as it makes them far to powerful."
,Not Recommended,298050,26531545,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,ru_maniac,"Linux support is pretty much broken with the latest update, so I can't even START the game - main menu is gone, no buttons, no nothing, only a background animation; funny enough, it's not crashing. Lots of guys are having similair issues, and reported them at discussions section, but no direct reaction of support whatsoever. Wargaming support answers when asked directly through their ticket system, but they were unable to provide even an estimated date of when the fixes will be released.It does work on Windows. Kind of. But since I'm not using it, and the devs announced Linux support, I assumed that even if it'll be poorly optimized, it'll run at the very least. Boy, was I wrong.So there you have it. It's pricey, it's made on Unity, the support is mediocre at best, and it doesn't run at all. Way to destroy the franchise and my childhood favourite, Wargaming. Attaboys."
76561198030703425,Recommended,298050,22414374,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Bibafatty,"My overall feel:It has all the terms, sounds and races anyone familiar with MoO games will recongize.  The graphics are really stunning for a 4X strategy game and it feels very well optimized for a game still in early access.  The voice acting is really on point and the people they got to play the voice roles are very noticable for anyone that really loved sci-fi TV shows from the 80's though the early 2000's.  From where it started and to where it is now really has me feeling this is going to turn into a really outstanding game once its completely polished, tuned, and most importantly completed.  So below when I say some thing still need some work or are kind of bad right now take it with a grain of salt.  They have been working and fixing many of these things as early access as continued.  I sespect that to continue without a doubt.  But I am just tossing my opinion on those things as they are at this point and in my opinion (of course).My warning to rose tinted glasses people:The only warning I give to people about this game is that if you go into it expecting it to be MoO2 with a new engine you likely are going to be disappointed.  Certainly if you plan to kick, scream, and complain constatly about it not being other wise.  This game will not be that.  It will most certainly be its own stand alone title with differences and changes.Here is my quick breakdown as of NOW (early access - so subject to change)Whats good:-graphics-sounds-voice acting-""feel"" of space and space battles-""direction"" the alpha is heading feels good as well.-listening to fans that maintain reasonable character on the offical forums (respond often as well!)What needs some work still:-tech tree (feels dry so far, but getting better with patches!)-AI response and reactions (its very much in the angry teenager stage but has shown improvement)-diplomacy (its not in the game yet, so I put it here -- but for early access it makes a hole noticable in game)The bad:-over time repeatitive voice calls can annoy you (bird tech guy anyone?).  Be sure to set your volumes here correctly!-needs more options and choice in space battles (which have been coming in patches but still more!)"
76561197993277237,Recommended,298050,21468046,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Ealdwulf,"So after playing for several hours (3.4 hrs at time of this review) I feel I can give a pretty decent review.PRO:- VERY polished- Attractive and intuitive UI- Fantastic graphics- Great animations- Unique factions- Interesting tech choicesCON:- A few very minor bugs- Not all factions are released yet (6 right now)- Some victory condition features not yet presentThis game is already extremely polished, early access or not. I've seen games that were ""released"" with less polish than this one. The UI is simple and intuitive and the animations and voice acting are top notch. Graphically the game is beautiful for a 4x space game.So far I've only had one or two VERY minor bugs and certainly nothing game breaking or even hindering.The different factions all seem to be pretty unique but I'm still figuring out how much they differ.Overall, if you are a fan of 4x space games or even just turn-based strategy games, definitely pick this one up. I haven't been dissapointed yet."
,Recommended,298050,21486093,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,frenchy128,"EA Review, from a MOO fan..OMG!! A little history of me, I've played every MOO game, my favorite is MOO2, then MOO1 (never got into the new design and feel of MOO3). I got MOO1, played the hell out of it.. I then preorder MOO2 at a local radioshack, and waited and waited, till two months after the release date i still hadn't had MOO2 in my hands, canlced the preorder (now an order at this point). I found it at Walmart weeks later, and the rest was history.  Story there was never pre-order anythign at radioshack.. :)Anyhoo, Why am I talking about MOO2 so much, well this feels just like it with improvments that I've always wanted in the game.. I was worried they would take it a new direction, like I felt they did with MOO3, but they stuck to the roots of the game.Stuff I like so far:- Nice UI layout, simple enough to decipher things as other MOO games- Technology Upgrades that effect ship building provides an option to upgrade the rest of the fleet (at a cost of course)- Build Queue'sThat's it for now, still in EA I'll update when full release and more game time. So far, I'd say a solid buy for MOO fans out there.. Also nice perk of the Collectors pack is you get the old versions too, always good for some replay value, and I might give MOO3 another go.."
,Recommended,298050,21485325,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Commandelicious,"The fist two hours have been fun. It feels very Master of Orion 2 to me. Some quirks have been improved, new ideas implemented and the voice acting is fantastic. I keep you people posted.For my first playthrough please click here:https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLLcwIkEBlMATqLSBD5AgSqJJ6THCh4kIu"
76561198022600125,Recommended,298050,22380519,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,thatcher577,This game plays so smooth even on a very low end laptop. Not many game of this genre even come close too how beautifully awesome it looks. The realtime ship combat still has a few problems with camera scrolling but it is still prerelease. I also think with what they have already done they should be able to make the combat slightly more strategic. Overall everything is very awesome I just think the combat system needs a bit of work in order for it to surpass even they hype the already equally.
,Recommended,298050,21539255,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,SquareUnit,"Very Impressive for early access, 90% of the bad reviews complain about non implemented features, which is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ as they are comming up...It's literally Moo2, but a layout that will permit the dev to make of it a better gameplay experience that Moo2 way. I'm very optimisticAlso, again, the game is NOT COMPLETE as in current state, wait if you don't want to experience of early access."
76561198017665974,Recommended,298050,21798783,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Jedi Treasley,"F&%King sexy.  I probably sank 3000+ hours into Master of Orion 1 and 2.  I even got 1 wokring on an android tablet, and added hours that way.  Needless to say 4x space games are my absolute favorite, followed closely by the Civ series.  This is a fantastic start.  VERY easy to pick up and instantly enjoy.Things I'm, in love with..a) The best early access game I've ever played stability and content richness wiseb) really REALLY does a solid job at bringing back the MoO feel but also adding in some new mechanics.c) The tactical ship fighting is amazing..purely amazing.d) Graphically I'm running the game at 4k, 60fps constant, vsync on, graphics all the way up with an i7-6700k and 980 ti.  It's beautiful..real 4k textures.Things I'm not in love with..a) Difficulty is meh, average is pretty easy, but AI difficulty and behavior will come, and will get better, thats one of the things that's pretty easy to address.."
76561198136075101,Recommended,298050,22192829,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Sharky10599,Master of Orion stands for M.O.O.So why isn't there a cow faction?
,Recommended,298050,21660018,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Doktor Eevil,"Certainly has the Master of Orion flavor in there for me from the originals. The early access build feels surprisingly stable, even though it's missing loads of features. Real time combat doesn't bother me. I like the idea that weapons have facing, and can't wait to see all combat features fully implemented.For research I'd like to have possibility of allocating my research points to different fields like weapons, defense, diplomacy etc., instead of selecting one tech I want to focus on.  I think I haven't seen that implemented in long time and I miss it.For some reason I'd also like to rotate my map view, especially if I start on top of galaxy. I don't know if this is possible.But overall very good job so far!"
76561197998763129,Recommended,298050,24824356,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,fluffywesties,"Only spent a little bit of time in the game, but so far.. i like it.  Feels close to the original but refreshed with modern graphics.  User interface is simple and looks like it would work well with a touch screen.As a big fan of the old game it was funny to see the news casters talking about space monsters :)Hoping to spend many quiet evenings with this game."
76561198002308919,Recommended,298050,21491862,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Gorgeous_Joe,Finished in it after about six hours I guess.......well.....there are still two races left sort of......anywayAfter about two hours of messing around I got down to playing properly and found it all very enjoyable even more so as the game progressed.Top tip......don't get hung up about what planets you colanize to begin with. Its nice to find that sweet goldilocks planet but thankfully you can eventually research planet terraforming minus the Xenomorphs....Its Early Access but apart from a single bug which just seemed like a graphical glitch this game feels complete even more so than a lot of other released games from certain publishing houses. Its got the full support from Wargaming so its not going to vanish and is certainly worth the money.If you are looking for something that hits the sweet spot with being just the right mix of challenge and relaxation without ever feeling stressed or too challenged then this is it. I built the 'Titan' battleship and it got destroyed by six enemy cruisers so I built ten cruisers and carried on stomping the enemy into the ground without having to reload or pull hair out. Something goes bang.......just build another one.There is a 'tactical' element to the game but at the minute it seems more just who has the biggest gun/guns wins. Its all relative to size and numbers as I mentioned earlier 5 cruisers can kill a Titan but it also depends on their tech level and you can use different abilities in battle but if you like you can just sit back and let the A.I do the work.The game almost sits happily between the adult and child audience that it is no doubt targeted at but there are a notable few things that do seem more child friendly than adult and if you are looking for a hardcore space strategy simulation or even civiliazation in the stars then this will probably not quite be what you are hoping for but it is probably the closest thing to it and who knows where it might develop.Would i recommend you buy this game right now; Yes. It feels complete even though you know when playing through it that there are certain element missing none of it detracts from the game experience.Running everything on max in 1080p with all civilizations and the largest galaxy I would guess that everytime I hit the end turn key it was my go again in less than 5 seconds and that was still almost the same after 300+ turnsOne word of caution though; it does at times to me feel sometimes overly simple and not as indepth as it could be but then again by the time of the final release it may feel deep and complex.Update Final RelaseSo it didn't turn out to be the Grand Space Strategy game we hoped for but for playing with your kids its great.
76561197975000755,Recommended,298050,21500670,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Shade,"Ahh the good old days of the original Master of Orion, simpler times eh? Well I'm pleased to say that while this new Master of Orion is true to the spirit of the original but that's not just what brings to rave about this game. It's GORGEOUS. I mean everything from the design of ships and planets to the little touches like the cutscenes are all first class and really make you feel like you're ""boldly going where no man has gone before."" Now technically speaking, this game is incredibly stable and buttery smooth. I've seen very few early access games that are so smooth and have so few bugs right from jump. Achievements and other in-game annoucements via a couple newsreading robots which I think is a cute way of delivering the player useful information in a relatively immersive fashion. Basically, if you're into Sci-Fi or 4X games or you've been dying for a better sci-fi version of the Civilization games than Civ: Beyond Earth you should really consider Master of Orion."
76561197972039165,Recommended,298050,21480195,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Penny Lee,"So nice to see an old type of game upgraded in both form and method to produce what will be the best.  Take what works then improve on it.  A masterwork of game design and so looking forward to the final product, even at this stage it out performs so many so called finished games of late the devs here need to produce YouTube videos on how to make a game  then send them to the likes of the xcom2 devs who have made a pigs ear of a game.Only played a few hours but no lockups, CTD or anything odd for that matter.  This is so poished that if they polish it any more will need to wear sunglasses when playing."
,Not Recommended,298050,28196969,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,SpicyDog,"This game feels *very much like the classic masters of Orion 2. The space combat is great, the civilization management stuff has been streamlined well.I really *really* want to give this game a thumbs up, but I can't. The time between turns, especially in late-game, is excruciatingly slow. Be prepared to wait a full minute for a turn to cycle. When a game lasts into the hundreds of turns, that's pretty damn bad.Months after release, I'd expect initial bugs like that would be fixed, but alas they've failed to deliver. Thumbs down, can't recommend the game based on this game-breaking UX issue."
76561198027372015,Recommended,298050,21554886,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Gunner,getting closer to a final release and is shaping up to be a great game
76561198040020733,Recommended,298050,23882653,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,uramoss,"First, a little about me. I don't write reviews. I hate getting emails asking me to write reviews. I find them tedious and generally unpleasent to write. On that note... I will write a review when I feel strongly about something and feel others should know my thoughts.The game is a bit buggy... but I'd expect that in any early access game. Like a beta or even alpha release the bugs will be there and if no one ever reports them they may go unmissed until after the pool of players grows after release and get reported then (maybe).The game play is similar to a CIV game with its own unique flare. The fact that the existing races have their own ship design styles/models is impressive when you compare how many unique styles there are to any other rts. I've seen games with 12 - 15 ""unique"" groups that shared the same unit models across all of groups. Cutting corners to keep costs down and deliver a game quickly.Is it all unique... maybe not. Heck some of the models are incomplete or in design process still and display as ""unavailable"" frames. Don't let that distract you from the magnitude of effort that is going into this game to make it unique. The AI is decent and the pirates are annoying. I've played with a couple of the difficulty settings and they all, for the most part, affect the game and AI as you would expect. Harder difficulties = more aggressive AI.I will keep this game and unlike other early access I've participated in, Master of Orion has become a favorite. A hopeful favorite. I hope others will give this a shot. Help developers find the bugs and get the squashed. Enjoy a CIV like game that pulls away from the CIV style just enough to keep you interested. Play for hours on end.All in all this game has amazing potential and I can't wait to see what lies beyond the next star as I explore the galaxy that is Master of Orion."
,Recommended,298050,21825414,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Hunter,"This game was unexpected surprise for me. Real old school game.  Improved, modern  Master of Orion I. Nice music, nice graphic. Just It lacks Master of Orion II planets landscapes. It's seems unbelievable after terrible MOO 3.9+ of 10. Highly recommended to all fans MOO I and MOO II."
,Recommended,298050,21571682,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Marshal Dunnik,"While understanding that this is a work in progress, I'd say I'd recommend this game to anyone who loved the original back in the day. It really does feel like a faithful modern reproduction.Surprisingly stable for an Early Access game. No crashes or performance issues so far over approx. 20 hrs of play.The cost is certainly quite steep for an un-finished game, but that's Wargaming for you. Still, I did purchase it and like it enough not to return it, so I guess that's working as intended."
76561198007436486,Recommended,298050,21529297,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Sprag,"And it's back.Most people seem to forget it's early access and not everything is playable however this game does feel like the old MOO 2.This game will never live up to what people remember when they played MOO2 years ago, some will always find things to nit pick about any game.  People did the same when MOO2 was released after MOO1.Enjoy the game for what it is and remember to give feedback about it :)I can see myself wasting many hours on this."
,Recommended,298050,24844167,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Asaph,"Original:At the current state, it's fun but it lacks depth.it fun and I loved MOO I & II so probably playing on a bit of nostalgia too.Nothing truly ground breaking but solid.Current (Release):I'm adding this bit just to let people know that sadly not much have changed, no major bugs I could see, solid fun, good music, great voice actors. good looking game :-)Sadly (for me), not much have changed in the way of content and depth, research is flat and similar to all races. no race is special in any ways. biomes are just names most of the time.No animations for ground battles (I miss you MOO II !!), planet view is the same.Battles are solid if you control them but nothing like what I felt in MOO II.**Yes, the comparison to MOO II is fair because it's the spiritual succesor or remake as some would say AND also this is !!2016!! can we see something new? can we expand on those amazing original ideas?If you are looking for more of the same or a bit nostalgic... go play MOO II !! :-) or buy this one for the graphics."
,Recommended,298050,23814047,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Consit,"Little clunky & a little slow; a bit too much micro with the space factories.Not enough explanation for why things happens. I.E.  half my colonies started generating 10% polution a turn at the end of the game, effectivly shutting them down (not that it mattered as the computer doesn't put up a fight)Decent attempt at a remake, worth playing a few games before shelving."
76561197970142157,Recommended,298050,22254593,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Flibble,"TLDR: Game is very good, but needs a lot of AI improvements and a rework (or removal) of the star lane system. Some balance issues.+ Real time combat, though it needs a lot of refinement. Ship scale needs to be increased so we can see what's going on.+ Variation of planets and biomes is pretty good. Perhaps it needs the equivalent of Precursor worlds from GalCiv 3 however. Uber planets are decent but they're just beefed up versions of regular planets with no unique bonuses.+ Voice acting is outstanding. Hearing ""Q"" from Star Trek: TNG voice the Human Republic leader is awesome. There isn't enough variation in the lines though; this needs to be expanded.+ Visual effects are good, and the interface design is excellent - minimalistic but very much functional.+ The potential of this game is immediately apparent- maybe not quite a plus point but in some early access games you know it's not going to become much better than it currently is. Not the case here. It could become THE definitive 4x game if some features are expanded and the game systems are refined further.- AI is quite poor. This is the make or break point for the game. If the AI is vastly improved for release, the game could be very successful. I don't claim to understand the game dev process in the slightest but if their current AI team can't do a good job I'd hire more experts. This game needs the equivalent of Sorian AI from Supreme Commander. Devs: If you need to hire more people to get this sorted then please do it. Giving the AI large bonuses on Hard/Very Hard is all well and good but if it doesn't have a clue about how to play effectively then it's wasted.- STAR LANES (think phase lanes from SoaSE): these need to be optional. We need a ship range system similar to GalCiv3 instead- star lanes are just a massive pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ I've read the devs are considering making them optional; I sure hope they do. It'd make a hell of a difference.- Not enough ship templates.- Game balance is a bit messed up: missiles are way OP compared to torpedos for example. Some beam weapons are weaker than they should be.- UI could do a much better job of explaining ship weapon stats and characteristics.- Research is too fast. Early/mid game war is a pain due to this; ships become obsolete very quickly,- Related to the real time combat system: we need small/medium/large variations for ship weapons. Larger ships fire massive volleys of beam weapons (because we can fit so many onto the ships) which looks terrible.Even with these negative points, I'd say the game is still worth the money. The AI is the main problem in the game, along with the star lane system. Give it a go at least; it's no risk with Steam's refund system."
,Recommended,298050,22404815,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,super thid,"Really starting to shape up into an excellent game. A lot of the basics are done right here such as the UI, and the game seems quite fun (which is the main part). A few missing features that are currently being worked on, but overall if you like the series or the genre then you should consider picking this one up."
76561198081789538,Recommended,298050,21467887,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,jamievllr,"I'm glad to see this title return, and in such a positive way. The game is solid, and while at this stage certain aspects aren't fully flushed out, it still has a lot of potential.The tactical battle is one area of concern. At this point, I don't feel as if the real time battle really adds much and leaves much to be desired at its current state. Turn based combat would be greatly appreciated. This one area especially I hope to see more from as time goes on.I wish this game had governors/leaders as MoO2 did. Perhaps a feature to be added later?I like the reimagnined designs of the races, although  the characterizations can be a little cartoony. Nothing that seriously stands in the way though. That being said, I don't see how the different traits of the races impact the overall game yet, at least not in the way traits impacted previous games. Also, I'd like to see government types play a larger role if any at all.Overall, a solid start and I can't wait to see how this game cotinues to develop. Definitely recommend!"
76561197983682277,Recommended,298050,21541535,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,DMXRoid,"Pretty good for an early access release.  Some highlights:* Graphics - awesome, looks great at a variety of resolutions and qualities, a lot of attention to detail in the models* Sound - Excellent music and voice acting* UI/Controls - minimalist and unobtrustive* Gameplay - exactly what I'd expect from an MoO gameThat said, here are some lowlights:* Tactical combat is pointless and slow and not fun.  Just simulate it, you'll save yourself 10 minutes per fight* The AI is sort of stupid, especially when it comes to diplomacy.  It got to the point where I could just ask other races to give me planets, and they would.  That seems like a thing that should almost never work.* Research tree felt a little shallow.  Nothing in the way of domestic skills (different government types, for example), just lots of more or less sequential upgrades to ships/buildings* The endgame can be super slow, especially if you're not fighting with anyone.  I went down the science path first before I realized that it was unfinished, so I switched over to the ""Elect me king"" path (after negoitating treaties with enough races to support me, something else that seems like it shouldn't work too easily), and man, there was a long time of me just hitting the end turn button over and over again.Those are pretty minor gripes for what is shaping up to be a pretty fantastic game, and a worthy successor to the orignal MoO series.  Is it worth $50 for early access?  Meh, maybe not, but throw in the original games and you can overlook that in exchange for knowing that you're supporting the cause a little bit."
,Recommended,298050,21545830,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,cwooders,"Reminds me of MOO2, but with better graphics.  Even for early release, I have not had any issues.  Oh, how I miss playing the Darloks! I am sure that when the complete release comes the missing content will appear."
76561198037962678,Recommended,298050,22096085,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,opiecwboy,The early access version of this game has proven to be the most promising version of the Master of Orion series since Master of Orion II.  Adding the other three versions to the purchase makes this a great deal!  There are still some small quirks with the game and some of the races and features are still in development but that is to be expected in an early access game.  Gameplay is smooth and simple enough that you don't need a physics degree to understand while still allowing creative strategy to grow your empire in you own special take over the universe way!
76561198113033546,Recommended,298050,22254697,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Quetzalcoatl | Ender,ayy lmao
,Not Recommended,298050,26631932,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,CatsWithShoes,does not meet expectations even after many patches. unless the nostalgia or owning the other MOO games through steam is what interests you I'd steer clear. Feels very thrown together and unpolished. I really wanted to like this game too :/
,Recommended,298050,21843074,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Mustang,The perfect hommage to one of the best strategy games in history. Still early but everything is there. A great news and a great advance for gaming to see this beloved IP reborn in this manner :)
,Recommended,298050,23486691,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,jaydevil2012,"Very good adaptation of the 4X classic.   Game could use a little more pollish and remians a little buggy at the moment.  However, its great so far and a welcome addition to the moo series.  (Unlike the HORRIBLE moo3)"
76561198006941050,Recommended,298050,21469309,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,lighthorsefgm,"Its been a long time since I played Master of Orion I. Playing MOO today was fun and enjoyable. Great Graphic overall, with expection of GNN new report...just didnt look correct.Wondering about the real time space combat, if the combat area would increase for larger fights?Note that the combat video can be record, but how does one review those files?First game I got restricted in a small area of the known galaxy by worm holes that took special research to use. I lost that game by turn 200. It was fun.Good graphic and voice over for the advisors....very cool.Technology tree interesting....would like to see special race technology added in too or random technology.Haven't done ground combat yet...looking forward to that.Like to be able to slow down the speed of space combat.Dislike the way planet's buildings were show. Couldnt see it all, without clicking on each one.Dislike the screen that showed all the discovered planets...no way to organizied viewing it.THat was my first game...Overall MOO was good."
76561198030926779,Recommended,298050,21537949,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,hcw.lau,"Bottom line: 4 hours went by just disappeared like it did when I turned on MoO1 for the first time. Mission accomplished, team. I've played MoO and MoO2 for the same 20 years that I imagine most fans have played it. When GoG made it available, it is one of those moments when the clouds parted and a ray of sunshine definitely showed through. I think the best thing we can all say about MoO3 is to not talk about it, except for the lessons about detail and colony management that were probably taken into account with this edition.Die-hards already know alot of the changes: new in-depth and awesome backstories for each fo the races, updated visuals that are beyond words awesome, clean crisp interface that combines the simplicty of MoO with the needs of MoO2. But the new is also means starlanes, no turn by turn tactical combat (yet?), race characteristics tweakability not what we're used to and a few other limitations.It's so clear that the team put so much love into this and that early access is where we the fans get to provide input now that if only we could have done with MoO3 could've changed our feelings from disdain to reverence. This MoO is beautiful, sounds like the original with updated music, and the visual RTS tactical combat made me swear up and down when I didn't do it in tactical when my major Psilon fleet went up again the Bulrathe (and lost of course).It's not meant to be a clone of the originals. We can play those anytime we want now. But as a long-time fan, EA is worth it to see it, play it, and give suggestions on how to improve it.New to the franchise, maybe you should wait for an even more polished copy at release."
76561198019956462,Recommended,298050,22714472,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,MaDhAtTeRnYnJa,"So far I am enjoying the game. It definitely feels like MOO2 and more what 3 should have been. The GNN screens are definitely a nice touch. A little cartoony with the Psilon personally, but from my brief encounters with other factions they are pretty spot on. Pollution is a nice addition to the game in how it is handled. If you liked the original and/or 2, then this game is definitely worth watching."
,Recommended,298050,23534121,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,whalake,"This is a Brilliant Game! I loved MOO1 & MOO2, HATED MOO3. Havn't realy played Open MOO BUT.....MOO4 is definatly as fun as MOO2 was, But with much better graphics.  Not as many races as MOO2 but definatly an Equal competitor to MOO2."
76561198021698484,Recommended,298050,24999812,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,tezlin,"Very much like Moo2, some additions to the tech tree. No leaders unlike Moo2 which is a shame. Its like an upgraded graphics version of Moo2, which is honestly what most of us fans wanted. I am hoping that they continue to make small incremental changes. Which they have been doing slowly. I like it though, it is easy to lose yourself in a game while trying a different strategy."
,Recommended,298050,25183368,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,[CoFR]Mindwarp,"A remake of the original classic Master of Orion strategy games, this has reminded me of how truly awful I was at them.10/10, would suck at MOO again!"
76561198013310146,Recommended,298050,21453648,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Mac,Enjoying it so far...Fully Playable for EA
,Recommended,298050,24547189,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,AtlasBlu45,"Have you ever wanted to rule the galaxy? Have you ever wanted to meet and make allies with alien races? Have you ever wanted to participate in space battles? If you want any of these, then this is the game for you!Fun 4X game that's easy to understand and has plenty of replayability.Tons of fun await you!"
,Recommended,298050,22349037,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,ensoph42,"This game is still early access but an amazing amount of polish and I'm looking forward to the final release.Update:Well it's released and there's been a few patches. Overall it doesn't deliver anything that you haven't seen before but what it does do, it does well. Worth purchasing."
76561198283055610,Recommended,298050,21474414,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,crazyblock,"Hi guys,MOO 2016 was my most wanted game since last Summer. And finaly it's here! :-)The game doesn't look raw and non-finished, it works very stable and looks amaizing.The good:1. Stable and ready for plaing product2. The same atmosphere as in 1996!3. Diplomatic is finaly very real and intrestingNeutral:1. New technology tree aproach instead of choosing one from two - need to play more games to evaluate2. Interface usabuility - great notification system (bottom right corner), however navigation between star systems and fleet management could be betterTo improve:1. List of buidings realisation - in my opinion it's better to have list of existing buildings on the planet insted of lacating it on 3-d planet.Conclusion: WOW! Strongly reccomened for all MOO series fans!"
76561198066420476,Recommended,298050,21517357,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,javier.box,"Finally..It only took 20 years or so, but they have done it. It is a match to the greatest 4X ever, MOO2.Awesome."
,Recommended,298050,22586417,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,weitnow,I haven't played that much yet but so far it really looks and feels great and catches the atmosphere of the old MOO2.
76561198077134316,Recommended,298050,21669329,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Mr Snow,From a very casual percpective I love it.  If you're looking for a more hardcore view this video isn't going to be able to give you the info you're looking for.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b6s8IIn1NhI
,Recommended,298050,24472368,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,AndyMillz,Short answer: Great 4x game!Longer answer: Very beautiful game and has a lot to offer but some things are simplified but doest take away from the overall gameplay. A lot to do in this game and plays really well.
76561198018608514,Not Recommended,298050,25364604,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,va_ghost,"The game is hurt by the insularity of the Devs and the small community with which they got feedback from.Technologies:  Many of which are just filler minimal +1's to something previous.Espionage:  It makes no sense and is gamebreaking.A 10' tall walking mound of stone can ""sneak"" onto your planet by hiding under a bush can can then incite a revolt which makes the planet unusablefor 5% of the entire game length (each time).  90-100% happiness before the mission.  Logically if sucessful ithe mission should drop the happyness some.  NO.  Your plaet goes from full happiness to zero happiness and as soon as the LONG arbitrary period ends everyone suddenyly remembers they are happy again.  The entire espionage system is like this and there is no defense against it.But, if you look at the official forums this is WAD."
76561198006426492,Recommended,298050,21557423,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,[AnK]Kithun,"great start for a successor to MOO2 which has been my all time favorite.  Changing from turnbased combat to RTS is interesting once they implement the facing of weapons (pro's / cons to doing it).  I disagree with the way they created tech tree to resemble the CIV 4/5 style of teching.  I loved the MOO2 version which made for harsh decisions when going up the tech tree.  There were a lot of critical decision making as far as tech is concerned in MOO2, not so much in this version of the game in which you can tech it all eventually (the choices for certain tech seemed inconsequential because one side of the tech is usually better than the other).  Overall i believe that wargaming could successfully make a decent game out of the bones that they have layed out in this iteration of a wonderful series (i mean MOO 1 & 2 because 3 is utter crap)."
76561197991560209,Recommended,298050,21655589,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,kaboooom2000uk,"Played this new version, and I like where its going, but I must say the Guardian battle was a little easy... I would have expected such a large ship to need a small armada to take it out, but instead one lone titan seemed to be enough. I only saw very little in the way of monsters too, probally one on the whole map.  Planet interface re-worked and looks like the classic moo2 but with improved visuals which is nice. Diplomacy is pretty good also. They need to get the custom race creation working, and the science victory finalised too, otherwise I am pleased with my purchase so far."
76561198007664605,Recommended,298050,21541481,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Kozferatu,"This is in Early Access so don't expect a fully fleshed-out game with all options available to you.However, the base game is there and it looks very promising. Even as EA it is playable and quite enjoyable despite a bunch of features and races not yet having been implemented.I look forward to the coming improvements and the eventual full release, and I know I'll have hours of fun along the way."
,Recommended,298050,23974755,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Ted Mosby,"I used to play the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of the original MOO1 & 2. didnt like 3. so basically standard fan. i still fired up MOO2 every once in a while to get my fix. this remake has taken the best things from MOO2, and the newer civ games and mashed them together to make a very fun and polished game. before you roll your eyes at the ""polished"" comment, it really is, even though the game is still under development, the gameplay is superior to MOO2 and civ, they really did a fantastic job meshing them together. the tooltips are great as well, even on the ""not yet implemented"" stuff."
,Recommended,298050,21667979,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,BlackWolf,"What a great EARLY ACCESS GAME.If you have read a review that is negative because the game is missing features that are vital, please disregard the review. This is an EARLY ACCESS GAME. Those reviewers should be posting in the suggestions forum where those issues can be evaluated. This game is still changing.If you do not like EARLY ACCESS GAMES, stay away from this one. As of this writing, It has only had one update since being available on Steam. The prominent warning in the box under this game is there for a reason.And apparently ""star lanes"" have ruined some people's lives. If ""star lanes "" did something terrible to you in the past you should avoid this game. They are here."
76561198256449052,Recommended,298050,21916737,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,NinjaSloth,"Currently this game is in EA. So obviously it has flaws. But!The Dev's have excellent communication between them and the community. This will be key for greatness to come from this game. They have given us a very detailed roadmap which they hopefully will fulfil. As of what is in the EA it's great! Sure there are bugs and all that but the structure and the potential that can come from this game is huge. I'm very much looking forward to the changes that will come soon.Things i personally want to see,*The continued introduction of more minor races after realease.*More unique traits of races. Need to have the feeling of wanting to be that race because of their traits. Currently it's because they look better haha*MORE TECH.  Needs to feel like it's different every time you play a different game.To me I don't like the civ look of the tech tree. I don't like seeing want comes from a certain tech. I like exploring and working out for my self what techs give what.*More more more customizable options for ships.*More natural disasters and random events that force you to respond. Love the galactic news!*STORYYYYY :))))To wrap everything up, i love where this is going. If the Dev's continue showing their love for the game then it's going to be a good one on release."
,Recommended,298050,21652444,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,swphreak,"Wow, can't believe I'm about to hit 20+ hours.  Just one more turn and I'll stop, I swear!I've really enjoyed what I've played so far.  This is definitely still an Early Access game though.  There are all sorts of features not implemented yet or aren't working very well.  I only experienced one crash so far.I don't know why so many people are giving 'no' recommendations, and are complaining about stuff not working.  Like it says in the big blue box at the top, this is an early access game.  I bought in early so I could get the previous MoO games.  If you're unsure, wait for the full release.  I plan to switch to MoO2 until the full release after I conquer the galaxy in my current game.edit: typos"
76561198065922958,Recommended,298050,23369242,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Erymon,"So, first off a few things: This is not a re-skin of MOO2.  If you want that, this game will sorely disappoint you.  That said, I went into playing this game with that exact mentality.  I have had many systems over the years, and MOO2 was almost always among the first games to get installed on it.  I cannot even begin to imagine how many hours I've spent playing the game and inventing new ways to try and beat the game (Single Doomstar Antaran win, anyone?).  So, when I heard that a new MOO was out, I was excited to have my old MOO2 back with better graphics.What I got was a game that is far different than that.  For starters, star lanes and non-turn based combat was a huge turnoff.  In fact, those two items alone almost made me uninstall initially.  But I decided to give it another shot, and what I ound was that, even though those elements were different, they were ultimately changes for the best.  Gone are the days where a Darlok fleet randomly drops a giant fleet in the furthest backwater area of your empire out of nowhere, and that's fine.  Do I miss that sort of random thing?  Maybe.  But does it make for a better strategic framework for a human vs AI game?  Absolutely.In regards to combat, a few things need tweaked, but it is quite playable in its current iteration.  If you are thinking the real-time combat is like that unspeakable mess of MOO3, it isn't.  It likely is an issue where you are misunderstanding the controls (like I did initially), but a sticky on the official forums will bring you up to speed and bring you around on it.Now, to the overwhelming good of the game.  The voice acting and research trees are great.  Are they great in the conventional sense?  Eh, it isn't Mass Effect or something, but as a huge sci-fi nerd, hearing familiar voices from my favorite actors is a fine bit of nostalgia.  Similarly, the tech tree creates many of the same feelings.  Researching jump gates, battle pods, and other techs from yesteryear are fun, and the more I play, some of the choices forced by the tech tree are genuinely meaningful.Some areas of the game, still in early access, are up in the air for me.  Diplomacy seems pointless right now, the AI is a little too pacifistic, tech research a bit too fast and a passive afterthought (think autolab x100), and the spy process seems promising, but under-defined currently.  Also, MOO2 races need to come back, and even some of the races from MOO3 would be nice (races is one of the few things that game did right).In summary, if you loved MOO1 or MOO2, buy this game and give it a chance.  If you can't stand early access titles, wait a bit and get it on release.  While it isn't a re-skin, it is a genuinely good title, and one that makes up for the abomination that was MOO3."
,Recommended,298050,23375228,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,nickstime,"Well, u must give the game a chance.Last patches made AI little bit smarter and they finally started to make huge armies, terraforming etc.Developers do their best to improve game performance, there still some things to fix (weapon target system, non-working autorepair etc), but still they did lots of good changes already.Yeah we do remember all that good vanilla time, when u make excel table to calculate ur doom ship in older moo's but this one is really getting more and more exciting.By the way, tech tree is great and if u try to play vs Player (for example against me :) ) u will get it - there are way too much tech's u want asap, but u have to balance between planet's, population, research, production, fleet power, credits and so on - and u will always want all it at once.I'v played lot's of galaxy games, like Stellaris etc, and i do get fun from playing remastered moo most of them."
76561197984873248,Recommended,298050,21466509,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Robit_anamu,"even though its in early buy in, i highly recommend this game. If you loved the classic as much as i did, this is a buy hands down. the voice acting is part of my fav aspect so far. cheers to the dev for rebooting a fan fav."
76561198277911276,Recommended,298050,21509336,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,vimp,"moo2 was one of the first games i played the heck out of, but was skeptical when i saw this, wasnt sure it would live up to the name but am glad i took the chance. great polish even in beta, feels like a moo/endless space hybrid, in a good way. as a 4x fan total recommend. cant wait for the feature complete version"
76561197992926804,Recommended,298050,21656605,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Drarkan,"For an early access game you expect it to have bugs, and quirks. Which it does. Mostly these are not performance invasive as for me, they are things like clicking on something and instead of opening up production options, it closes the planet view instead. Annoying but will be ironed out.The overall gameplay is fast and immersive. Each turn you feel you have to see though the next turn, and its hard to put down. Very addictive.The AI is improved since the last patch, and it wasn't too terrible before that. I love this game genre, and played the previous games very little in the past, but this new incarnation is a salute to the 4X theme."
,Recommended,298050,23188686,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Khaar (Vladd),"Better then Stellaris.While Master of Orion aims lower then stellaris in terms of complexity, it simply does what it tries to better."
,Recommended,298050,21453917,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,mmurray821,"So far I'm having fun with the newest MOO.  Still needs a bit of polish, a bit of tweaking but overall it is fun to play.  The RTS battles I wasn't sure of before release, but they are fun now that I haven played them.  Had a nice battle where I did a hit and fade and ran behind some asteroids and half of the fleet followed and got wiped out.  Made it a fair fight against their station and remaining ships.Overall for a early release on its first day, and it being a MOO game with a lot to live up to, it is a very positive experiance and worth checking out."
76561198024903154,Recommended,298050,21546644,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Taalus,"From the small amount I have played so far:This is a solid, albeit lightweight 4x game. The learning curve is straight forward for both seasoned players and new alike.Being this is a direct sequel to the MoO universe, it will no doubt bring a lot of heat as there are key changes to the formula (non turn based combat) for example.However I really like the combat...the cinematic camera is a great idea but dear God it needs some work...and I think the blend of real time and turn based is a great step forward.The price point is far too high imho, despite it including other games in the bundle. It is very well polished for early access and although it is worth the money for die hard fans of the genre, knock a tenner off the price and get more people playing it.All round great game with so much possibility"
76561198297975694,Recommended,298050,22622455,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Waratah,"I'm a MOO2 player for years, so the following comments are based on my MOO2 preferences.I've played about five MOO4 games so far and have enjoyed the experience, though there are some things that could be improved to make the game more interesting/ challenging.1. The first thing I noticed was that any race can colonise any planet, regardless of it's type. In MOO2 you had to research the technology to allow colonisation of different planet types. The lack of this requirement in MOO4 makes it too easy. It also removes any advantage of choosing Silicoid as your race.2. Star lanes are new but I don't mind this. Star lanes can be used for strategic effect so I'm happy with this change.3. Technology progression is too fast in MOO4. It's too easy to get the technology you want and it doesn't feel like an achievement.4. It's difficult to see the impact of new technology in MOO4 and some of the new technology seems to have been diluted in its value eg; Ground Batteries.5. The duplication of the voice hints in the technology screens is annoying.6. Diplomacy is still clunky in MOO4, It would be nice to be able to counter-offer proposals from other races rather than just accept/decline.7. Space combat isn't very interesting. I just use auto-resolve to save the time it takes to load the graphics.8. Space Pirates are just an annoyance really. It would be more interesting if  you could negotiate with them.9. Minor civilisations are an interesting feature in MOO4, though they seemed to get wiped out before you can interact with them. It would be better if you could somehow offer them protection from other races.10. The new GNN characters are funny. I'd like to see this further developed.Anyway, those are my initial comments. I'm looking forward to seeing how the game further develops."
76561198005357780,Not Recommended,298050,32625524,Posted: 21 June,all,Faulgrin,Game is boring.  MOO 2 is a far better version in every way except graphics and eye candy.  If they would have overlayed MOO2 with this graphical version I suspect it would have been considered legendary and people would have paid top dollar for it.  I know I would have.
76561197990444442,Recommended,298050,21592280,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,olsongc,"This is an early access game. It's not complete by any standards. I have not played the older games, so I am able to come at this with fresh eyes. If you like the newer Civilization games, than this is Civilization in space. Combat is alright, I personally enjoy watching my ships battle against others. Ship customization is fine as it is, but I can say I would like to see maybe some more design choices and color choices. Diplomacy in all games is hard to balance, so expect the A.I. to make stupid requests (Oh? You're kicking out butt in this war? Alright, we'll go easy on you if you give us 1,000 credits and two colonies. No? Guess you'll have to conitnue to kill us!). Wish the A.I. was a bit more....aggresive, a bit more of a threat. Maybe it's the difficulty I'm playing under. Heroes would be a cool addition, but maybe in an expansion.  Overall, this is still an early access (First update should be soon right?), so don't expect a full game. If you played the older ones, this is apparently not MOO2....whatever that means."
,Recommended,298050,25178506,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Amun Khonsu,Like it. Catches the spirit of the originals. Coulf use some variety in ship skins and hull designs.
76561198049689703,Recommended,298050,21535533,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Silvex,"Not a bad game for a pre release game I am enjoying it considerably. The voice acting is very well done <though the GNN robots get annoying after a while>. I do miss the turn by turn based combat system from the previous games though, you do have to understand this is not MoO2. Cant wait for the other races to be released. The races do feel a bit different than each other, but they get to a point to where they are all the same. Mind you my review is not complete I have yet to play any Multiplayer.+ Good way to kill time <I mean thats what games are for right?>+ Very Sreamlined and easy for someone to play if they have never played this kind of game before+ Voice acting+ SOUNDTRACK < LOVE ME SOME SPACE SYNTH MUSIC!>- Not all races released as of yet 2/28/2016- The Tech tree needs a bit more explaining."
76561198032494733,Not Recommended,298050,25501801,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,king.steve1,"Having played the Original Masters of Orion, the solid sequal (MoO2) and the pretty disasterous MoO3, I really wanted this game to be awesome. It's not. It's also not bad, there's just not a lot too it that 4X gamers haven't seen before, and other games are doing space based 4X bigger and better. Galactic Civilizations offers a MUCH bigger, more customizable 4x space experience. Even older, lesser known titles like Distant Worlds have New-MoO beat in terms of size and scope. It pains me to say it, but there's nothing here but a vanilla 4x game. No scenarios. No campaign-type play. Not even a hint of a story. Sure, it's got some big names doing voice over work and some of the graphics are pretty shiny, but as any gamer knows, your game needs to do something better than it's competitors (of which there are many in 4x land), and New-MoO doesn't.Maybe via expansion and update this game will become better but the bottom line for me, in a short review format, is that there are quite a few titles that are doing what New-MoO wants to do, and doing it better in many or all aspects of 4x gaming."
76561198032782400,Recommended,298050,22635110,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,mikehhhh,"I like the game so far.  I think it has captured some of the spirit of both MOO and MOO2.  Although it is early access, its playable and fun against the computer opponents, although they can be somewhat predictable.  Settle a colony near a computer opponent, when they ask you not too, and in my experience they almost always attack soon.This is my opinion after playing a few EA2 games, and 2 EA3 games, one  I'm about 500 turns into.Pros:Voiceovers - well done and I appreciate the celebrity choices to do the voice overs.Ship graphics - I like the ship graphics.  Each alien race has a unique style which I like.  Watching combat between the ships in tactical combat is fun, especially when you have a Titan launch a bunch of Plasma torpedos at a Star Base or hit a ship with 10 Graviton beams at once, or watch point defense phasors wipe out a group of missiles coming towards your Battleship.  :)Colony cutscenes - Well done and fun to watch, and the cutscene includes the colony ship that matches the ship style of the Alien race you are playing.Galaxy map and overview - I think its well done and I can usually follow what's going on and where everything is moving over a section of the galaxy.Sounds and music - I like most of what has been done so far.Colony view screen - shows most of the information I need to know and I like they way the build queue is setup.Alien Diplomacy screen - I think this is well done and I like the different backgrounds and animations for each leader.Tech Tree - A lot of tech to research and most of the weapons from MOO/MOO2 seem to be in the tree.  Takes a while to research up to Doom Stars, stellar converters, mauler, sub-space teleport, etc, so it seems like the game is reasonably well balanced in this regard.Its addictive and fun - If I start a gaming session, its difficult to stop without playing at least a couple hours.Cons:Some Bugs - The game is still early access and has some bugs.  Its very playable, but it has crashed or locked up on me a few times.  The new ship designer in EA3 caused one crash, and I've had the game lock up going into tactical combat on 2 occasions.Advisor Voiceover repetition - For the research the advisor animations and voiceovers are fun for a bit, but since they pick from a limited set of dialog, it does start to get old in a long game.  Although I will call out that each alien's advisors say a different set of dialog and they can be a bit humorous at times.Combat - I have tried to take control of combat from the AI, but its not real intuitive how to control all the ships systems.  I did figure out there was a min-max range slider control and another control for ship speed.   That was EA2, I haven't figured out how to control combat in EA3.Colony auto-build - the auto build doesn't always work that great.  It always seems to build a marine barracks first on a new planet, and then goes to missile base, starbase, etc.  It seems very defense/military biased even if you have the colony set on ""balanced"".  This can be a problem if the new planet needs food or production as a higher priority at the moment.Bombing doesn't seem to work much better or differently after you upgrade to fusion bombs or anti-matter.  I was playing an EA3 game last night and had to bomb colonies 5 or more times with 2 cruisers and several destroyers and sometimes only a couple buildings or one population would get knocked out.Antarans aren't around as far as I can tell, and there is only the guardian at Orion and some space monsters.  I hated the Antarans in MOO2, but they did make the game more interesting and it was fun once you had enough ships and tech to beat them.  It might be nice to have Antarans attack as an game ""option"".Limited AI Opponents - I have played against up to 5 computer opponents, but the game won't support more than 5 as far as I can figure out."
76561198061182695,Recommended,298050,25216575,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Palo van Dalo,I really liked it back than. This time I like it as well.
,Recommended,298050,21467699,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Zaukodar,"First and foremost, the thing to remember is that this game just launched in Early Access.  Comparing it to Master of Orion 2, while a natural instinct, would not be fair at this time because the game is just far too new and unfinished.And the largest detraction I can currently label to this game is that it is very much unfinished.  At least four races are missing (possibly as much as eight depending on how far the developers intend to go), race customization is not yet an option and the racial traits thus far appear to be watered down, ship design and combat are not as intensive as they once were, and despite the wonderful narration and voice acting the story does not yet seem to be entirely in place.Let's double back and remember, though, that this game is hot off the Early Access presses.  There can and will be additional content to come, and even if the detail work from before is missing the foundation for a game as great as MoO1 or MoO2 appears to be there: the races we know and love are present (mostly), the gameplay absolutely feels like a Master of Orion game, and there has been some evolution in how things are managed.  Did I mention that now there's a beautiful voice cast narrating and interacting in the game?If you're looking for a re-skinned version of Master of Orion 2, I would recommend going over to StarDrive 2 for the time being.  If you're looking for a game being built on the same blocks as its predecessors, this is the game you want.  It would be fair to say it's more worth it when it goes on sale, but one way or another any MoO-loving, 4X-playing gamer will sooner or want this in their library."
76561198005500753,Recommended,298050,21574339,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,rayearth,"+ Cinematics give the game a great vibe and immersion.+ The ship design allows you transform ships to fit different roles. Although there are 5 ships models right now, you can create roles like support, bomber, long range, scanner, carrier, etc. with all the ship supplements that are available.+ The GNN to inform the state of the galaxy is a great addition.+ It’s visually ok, not mind blowing. Sounds on the other hand are great and it seems that a lot of effort was made with the voice acting that it has.+ Real time battles are great with the addition to pause and still be able to give orders like old MOO’s.- Diplomacy could have it fixes, I’m thinking of a robust, well-explained diplomacy interface like the Total War series. Diplomatic Victory also feels weirds.- Even at war with the AI, it didn’t seem too aggressive nor building a large fleet.- Racial traits are shallow right now but developers already said that they are working on fixing them to make them feel more unique.Overall it feels more like a demo than an Early Access due to the fact that feels and is a very stable version. It has its bugs and glitches but nothing game-breaking. Is it MOO2? No, modernization may have scarified some game elements to create a more fluid version of it. It lacks content but hey it’s early access! I’ll continue to closely watch what are going to be the future additions."
76561198087573792,Recommended,298050,21788852,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Vibes,Awesome game.
,Recommended,298050,21996078,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,ookami007,"So far, it's been a fun game.  I'm not sure how I feel about the limited warp pathways, but I guess it does add some strategic element.All in all, I'm looking forward to the finished product."
76561198007378357,Recommended,298050,22121365,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Tzar Jimbo,This is a great game - especially on multiplayer!
76561198006707745,Recommended,298050,21574503,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Moonglow,Review will be here before release.
76561198031959057,Recommended,298050,22053307,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,tibour,"Yes, I would recommend this game. Even thought it is still in development it promises much. As a big fan of the original Microprose Master of Orion 1 and 2 games I really like what I have seen of this one so far. Even a few of the better elements of the best forgotten third game have been incorporated. The updated graphics are great. They have stayed true to the turned based system. They have a clearly developed plan and seem to be sticking to it. Even though the Alpha test has only been going on for about a month, at the time I am writing this, we have an update coming. They are explaining things in the patch notes as go. Best yet if you come on board during the alpha they will include a copy of the original games, all three, that will work on modern machines."
76561198031041236,Recommended,298050,21591131,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,hjess60,"A good base to work from, I have high hopes that the finished product will meet my expectations.Combat needs to be deeper, too shallow as it is now. I can agree that it needs to be fast for multiplayer, but it should still be a mini-game that gives you real choices to make... that creates strategy and strategy is why I play these types of games.Planets are not different enough, found myself building most of the same buildings on every planet, should be different paths you have to choose when developing worlds. Any real sense of making hard choices is not there when developing planets at the moment.  Once again choices creates strategy and strategy is why I play these types of games.Research should have more branches, that result in more choices, which creates strategy and strategy is why I play these types of games.So to sum it up: I like what I see so far and hope that the developers take this game the way it needs to go.  As of right now I have that ""one more turn"" feeling but do not have that ""Ahh this is hard, which way do I decide to go here?"" feeling that I love getting from a well designed, fun strategy 4x game."
,Recommended,298050,21488288,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Paul T,Just amazing.  Incredibly polished for an Early Access game and very true to the original.  The writing and acting are definitely more than a little bit on the campy side but that's really the worst I can say about it.  One of the best strategy games to come out in a long time.
,Not Recommended,298050,25439810,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Wolfen,"Just like in Space, this game is devoid of life...Pros:Beautiful graphicsVoice-actingReally cool introduction for space battles & colonizing planets""Space Monsters"" are funnyThe space battles are fun & are in real time. (similar to an RTS)Cons:Copycat diplomacy from CIV 5 (same menu & similar options)Bad & annoying AI (every game feels the same)Custom races are very limited in options.Spies are pointless / uselessThere is no real exploration in the gameNo option for merging fleets. (There is no button for merging them. You need to have 2 fleets on top of each other and ""guard"" to merge them.MOO is basically a LTE version of CIV 5 in space... You would be better of to buy a different 4x game, as this game feels weak for a 4x game...OR better yet...  Just wait for Endless Space 2 to be released."
76561197990476867,Recommended,298050,25201442,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,KeN,Best MoO game everthak you WG
,Recommended,298050,21484316,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,BlacKAcESHADE,"I saw Jingles preview this game, so I thought I'd give this kind of a game a try.  I Built a cyl- I mean Psilon fleet of 1 doomstar, 3 titans, 3 battleships, and 3 cruisers.  Annihilated an enemy fleet of 50 ships in 30 seconds with no losses. I like this game."
76561198006304047,Recommended,298050,22922149,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Sanschanger,"I am a big fan of ""Master of Orion II"", but had no experience with the first game and didn't like the third game very much.This new one is really good. I think it captures the spirit and gameplay essence of MOO2, and adds in some lighter moments and humor in addition to some good action during space battles. I am also a big fan of the new faction, the Terran Khanate.It's still in development, and there are some little things I would like to see improved, but I am happy with the product as it stands and would definitely recommend this game for MOO fans. It's particularly good for more casual players, and doesn't require all the micromanagement of some other space empire games.The music is also well done; I kind of wish the main galaxy screen had different music for each species (or maybe if it varied by the general stress level of current events), but I look forward to when the soundtrack is released."
76561198005998378,Recommended,298050,21943651,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,dmcintos,"Pretty good so far - I'm looking forward to being able to play on a harder setting, to see the AI working well, so see all the races and see how the diplomacy/spying will work out.Graphics are nice, and it's got the basis for the game going forward."
76561197991410797,Recommended,298050,21797487,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Lexlooter,"This game has whitty, fun, relaxing game play. The game handles late game time bloat well and keeps the pace moving.I am enjoying this as much as I remember enjoying Moo1 and 2."
76561198011539099,Recommended,298050,21723612,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Shade Meadows,"The Game Launched And...well... It's Amazing! i still stand by my word on what i said in the Early Access Review!Still awesome, devs still patching the game, they are still comunicativegame has improved A.I, good multiplayer... well it's an 9.5 for me!Early Access Review:While IS still on Early Access, like with Subnautica, this game deserves a try, even in this state, there are errors and bugs here and there, but the overall game, the overall experience, it's amazing, Amazing animations, Amazing Voice Actors, Amazing OST and an Amazing Gameplay!i can't wait to see how this game will be when it's completed, it's just Great!"
76561197995508491,Not Recommended,298050,28348622,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,waschmitteljunky,"I really loved master of Orion II and was thrilled to see a modern remake. Unfortunately, the game is still buggy (missing icons, Titans won't mind control a Psilon colony [it worked on other Psilon colonies bofore]) and a drag. It is increadibly slow! On normal difficulty it is easy to dominate the game quickly, but then it takes hours. MOO2 had a much faster UI with less animations and loading time. Here it adds up to rediculous amounts of time you are looking at animations."
76561198009622633,Recommended,298050,21484402,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,amland1,Short and to the point: Great start to a relaunch a classic!  Even though early access a great start!
,Recommended,298050,23402983,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Belloch,Absolutely Gorgeous and extremely fun. Can't wait until the release happens so that it will be more stable on Mac.
76561198184897463,Recommended,298050,25215176,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,DontWorryImFriendly,its a fun game just no one plays online at all everytime i go into the lobby there r 0 games hahaha so that does kinda suck but all in all its is a fun 4x game
76561197991431473,Recommended,298050,22004634,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,A Spoony Bard,"This is going to be a awesome remake. As a fan of MoO 2 way back when, I was crushingly disappointed with MoO 3. Though after playing this, my faith is restored. More of a reboot than a sequel, the game play harkens back to the older games.Dwight Schultz, John DeLance, Mark Hamil, Michael Dorn are some of the voice actors to lend their talent to this game, just to name a few."
76561198030822947,Not Recommended,298050,25648382,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Nazowa,Well if you played the ones before you will probably get this one as well. Be prepared for a let down though.It is extremely simplified and dumbed down compared to the previous iterations.There are lots of quirks present with the AI. AI can attack and destroy your whole fleets with impunity for example while you cannot do that without declaring war. Sometimes the game really makes you want to smash the monitor.Research is pathetic. Usually I reach the end of research tree before I destroy 1-2 civilizations. After that I usually get bored and simply quit the game because the result is clear.As it is I would not recommend buying this game as an incentive for the developers to finish their jobs. Each sale convinces them that the game is fine and they can finish it with DLC's. This game should still be in beta with the content it has. MOO has a special place in the game world and you cannot do a half-arsed job with it. This is blasphemy...
76561198007484419,Recommended,298050,22161349,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Commadore Keldramore,"This is a fantastic addition to the MOO franchise!  If you are a gamer of the 80s and 90s and experienced the death of your social life due to MOO 1 or MOO 2 then you must pick this game up.  All of the pieces that make MOO 2 such a fantastic game of ""...just one more turn."" are in this game.  I've seen a lot of negative reviews on this game and I admit there is much to still be accomplished, but that's why it says it's an early access game.  That said, I played Master of Orion in the beginning of March 2016 and now at the end of March since the latest patch was released and the improvements are impressive!  The new races are a fantastic add.  The balance issues I saw before with the Psilons massively dominating with no negatives to those big brains of theirs have now been put in place.  Combat is much improved with the ability to set how fast your individual ship classes will rush into battle, and at what distance they will attempt to keep the enemy at bay.At this time I will not create a pro/con list because it's just silly.  This game is not complete.  Spying, space combat, ground combat, diplomacy, and several other features are still being worked on.The bottom line is this.  If you were one of the unfortunate few like myself who purchased and played MOO 3 and then cursed the sky for the game being so terrible look no further than this latest installment to restore your faith in the franchise.That's it for now.  Time to return to Master of Orion and keep my social life at bay."
76561198007187961,Recommended,298050,21519581,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,J3w Jitsu,"Very enjoyable, few minor bugs, quite playable, and a time sink despite the simplicity like moo 1 ish, still to early to say everything but definetly fun as heck"
76561197991913829,Recommended,298050,25162894,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,harmlessratz,"voice-acting alone makes it price worthy, rest of the game is enjoyable aswell"
76561198294367066,Recommended,298050,22255114,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,blackeagle58,I just finished my first game playing the melars the game ended with me victorius something about my race accending to a higher level not sure how that happened. I really liked how the upgrading on the ships worked would like more options on ship designs. Also more control of what happens durning fights when the take command option is chose.Graphics are great love the reaserch tree.
76561198005391189,Not Recommended,298050,30108336,Posted: 22 February,all,Acheronne,"Very Dissappointed;I am a MOO lover played from the start (I don't even want to admit how long ago that was) the problems are as follows;1.  The AI in this version of MOO is the largest problem, never in my history of gaming have I come across a more disfunctional AI it will actually works agains you.2.  Space combat is horrible is every way possible.3.  Race customization is also terrible4.  TECH is largely unwhelmingOverall this game deleted everything that made it great."
,Recommended,298050,22057302,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Lycanthrope,"Enjoying it so far. Love the races, hate the ""Galaxy News Network"" robot nonsense.Still needs a fair amount of work though. But for now... <3"
76561198057362231,Recommended,298050,34123485,Posted: 9 August,all,Anguille,"I've bought this game on the first day of it's EA release on GOG and have played more than 170 hours of it. As most of the discussion about the game takes place on steam, i have been present in the forums here. As the game was on sale on steam this summer (2017) i decided to get it here as well.I've been a huge fan of the original MOO since 1993 and have got every sequel. While they said that they wanted to make a reboot of the original game, this is actually a full reboot of MOO2. The main difference is the presence of starlanes. While i would have very much preferred not to have starlanes (as i don't think it belongs to the core mechanics of the first two games), i find the implementation ok. It does however slow the gameplay a lot and, while, it doesn't had anything valuable imho, it does make the game a more relaxed experience as you can take your time to build up an empire and defend it. The changes made to the original games make it closer to the Civilization games. Actually, it could very well have been done by the same team who made Civilization 5.This game has been my main game for 2016 and i really recommend it. It's been a great experience to play this with my kids...i enjoy to play by myself but i think it's a good game for the family."
76561197989988212,Recommended,298050,21467925,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,jobieusn,"Short Version : Had this been MOO3, We'd be playing MOO 5 by now...The creaters did a great job with this one. Everyone will have gripes about this portion or that portion, However overall, the pain of suffering through Independantly created MOO2 Clones is finally over!Rather than trying to make the game into something new, They did what MOO needed done. They have (successfully) recreated the feel of MOO and MOO2.The biggest complaint I've seen is in the combat system. And yes, It does feel a good bit simplistic at this stage, and Real Time Combat is a bit troublesome (Basically, its a nicely polished version of Sword of the Star's ShipVShip combat). Some have asked so I'll be sure to throw it in here, that combat IS pausable for a little bit of tactics, However I've not yet had a large enough fight between two fleets to need to use it often. On that note It still needs some polishing, but it IS an early release version. As an afterhought here, Having it real time does fix my biggest headache in MOO2, My fleet of 20 Heavy Ships VS the AI's 250 ship fleet and the 5 minute turns of combat....The voice acting is FANTASTIC. I'm very impressed with it so far. The audio there does seem a bit rough with my 5.1 Logitech headset, however I'm not 100% sure if its on my end or not (enabling Surround sound actually seemed to fix the issue).On the Planetary managment level, Its just slightly above the complexity of MOO2, But just as easy to understand after a short bit of play.Ground combat is MOO2 style (Marines fighting it out), and I'd like to see a bit of an increase in it before the final version... At least more to watch than two counters batteling it out.A lot of people have also commented on the use of Star Lanes... Personally I'm a fan, however I do see how that could be a headache for Diehard MOO2 Fans. It could be an option towards the final release, not sure how deeply encoded it is into the game...If I did have one complaint, Its actually in the research. (Research is VERY deep already in this game, Its not the system itself I'm mad at, Its almost right out of the MOO Handbook to be honest). Currently there doesn't seem to be a perk for being ""Creative"" over a standard race... Although a Few techs are Either-Or (Only played Human, Not sure if this holds true for the Psilons or not), Most techs are fully open. I'd love to see it go to the classic A-B-C style used in the previous games, as it adds a lot of strategic depth.... Deciding between titans/Battleoids and Starbases has always been one of my biggest dreads in MOO...So, To summarize, I'm proud to say I no longer have to say ""This is the best thing since MOO2"". Master of Orion is Back, and its just as good, if not better than ever!"
76561197993092474,Recommended,298050,21995281,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Vlad,"Master of Orion (2016) is an excellent modernization of the classic space 4X game Master of Orion II. While fans of the MoO series will easily be able to adapt, there are a number of changes that have been implemented (such as star lanes) that impact the gameplay by making it more similar to some modern space 4X games. Whether or not this is a Good Thing (TM) probably depends upon how old you are.In its still unfinished state, most major features are implemented. Some features need some TLC: customizing star ship designs isn't as fun or friendly as it could be, switching between screens make an annoying sound, finding and selecting what to build in the selection menu is something of a chore, and pollution isn't the threat that it should be. I haven't experienced and thus don't review all races or spying in this review.I'd like to see pollution scale in severity to the planet type. Gaia worlds should be very sensitive to high levels of pollution and should provide a more clear benefit. There is little clarity as to what the planet ""specials"" do (Dark Quartz = ?) or why you want them and you don't get new tech for exploring or colonizing Artifacts planets. Tech research times are also much too rapid, you will find it difficult to keep your fleet up with your pace of technological development. Several of the techs have poor descriptions. I expect much of this to be cleaned up as the game moves towards production.Tactical combat is no longer turn based and is now real time (also similar to other modern space 4X games). You can now control the speed ships move at and control the rate of time. I would personally prefer to see a return (or option for) turn based tactical combat. Battles also don't last very long, taking some of the fun out of them. The planet screen needs some more work; I don't like the rather ""cartoonish"" icons for workers/researchers/farmers.Good: Return to classic gameplay, modernized interface. Nothing like the soul crushing nightmare that was MoO 3. Less micromanagement and more fun overall.Bad: Combat isn't as fun as it used to be, some adoptions of ""modern"" 4X games add questionable value to the game. Turn-based tactical combat was fun.Ugly: The end game on large maps gets laggy and crashes more often. A ""failed to create new game"" bug causes the game to crash every 50 or so turns for me."
76561198061066357,Recommended,298050,22227084,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Tormuck,"This game recaptures much of the spirit of the original Masters of Orion series that I enjoyed so much when I was young.  To be involved with this at Early Access is better than I could have hoped for.  Was the best birthday gift someone could have, given how many hours I played MOO2 and 3 (yes I even liked 3) as a child. The updated visuals is impressive, yet the little details that show they still pay homage to the originals is wonderful.  I enjoy the added voice acting as well, definitley a plud.To those skeptics, and curious about the negative reviews, keep in mind, this is early release, and if you'd prefer the finished product, then wait until its done before you buy.  The game has its bugs, and flaws, and i'm not going to lie on that, but so far the improvments I have seen show they are paying attention to those flaws as well."
76561198006562194,Recommended,298050,21671972,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,haergar06,"This game still has lots of polishing to do. If that scares you, turn back now. Otherwise, I really like it so far and hope it continues to get better.The game does need to bring some things back like the Antarans and the colony and fleet leaders. Needs more polish too. But its there and the first patch for Early Access was a definite improvement."
76561198031015003,Recommended,298050,21489980,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,PEEVEED,I wish there was a so so option other than thumbs up and down. I'm a little on the fence when it comes to this title being I remember when this game was called StarLords before they renamed it to Moo. Real time tactical combat the one thing I liked about Moo2 was the turn base yes yes I know they do this for Multiplayer but the whole point of the game was the combat system. I like the tech tree it's simple I wish i could find out what crashed my game at 95 turns. Oh well lets start again.
76561198151618743,Recommended,298050,25153265,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,BlueNXT,Very cool game! I love this game because of the strategy and planning aspects as well as the awesome battles. Can't wait for tactical combat in multiplayer!
76561198139932754,Recommended,298050,22189086,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Howardx,I think the game will become a great game but ive lready seen better games coming out. Look up Stellaris. It is a better version of this. I would recommend this game but just know that there is better out there
76561198063577009,Recommended,298050,21976117,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Xanderkin,Reminds me ALOT of MOO2. Right now using a hex editor to balance the game some. Can't wait for it to be completely finished.
76561198008302886,Recommended,298050,22080144,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,FableSquad,Civilization 5 - checkStar Wars - checkWait a bit tho. Until they add all the mechanics
76561197971604865,Recommended,298050,22074604,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Locutus99_56,"I could go on and on at great length about this game so I'll try and keep this brief. I'm a massive fan of the original game and this IS the update to the franchise I dreamed we might see someday but never really though would happen.If you are a fan of the original games and aren't blinded by nostalgia you won't be dissapointed. The game isn't perfect but it's the best 4x game I've played since MOO2 or rather it WILL be.... I can see where it's headed in alot of places but it's not there yet.Don't let the naysayers put you off, nearly every negative review I see on here doesn't seem to grasp the concept of 'early access' and that this is not a finnished game nor is it supposed to be yet.However all the areas the game is currently unfinnished I can already see the seeds of greatness and reading the developers updates and posts about their plans and their response to feedback fills me with joy as they're not only paying attentention to the feedback from the fans but theyre actively working to make this the game we all want it to be.To sum up, this WILL be sequel MOO 2 always deserved but it ins't there yet, if you want to get in at the beginning and play it now, go for it but please don't do so then go crying to forums about how unfinnished it is.... If you don't understand how early access/alpha/beta testing works then you should probably hold off for the moment and wait for the finnished product! If you ARE able to undstand that this isn't that finnished product yet and it's currently missing some signifigant features and that alot of the content that IS in place will likely change in a big way before release.... then buy it now!"
76561198007498580,Recommended,298050,22115498,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,thundercactus,"So far so good. Their goal was to recreate as much of the Moo2 feel as possible, which is fantastic, because it was really difficult to find much fault with Moo2.The cost is pretty steep for what we're getting right now, but of course it's an early access. I'm looking forward to seeing the finished game, and seeing what new content they're going to add in."
76561198018485081,Not Recommended,298050,25621091,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,DoctorKnowsBest,"If i would sum up this product In one word it would be: unimaginative.Dont get me wrond, the game is not That bad. But it is just a worse version of MOO2 we all loved.  Very close but not better or new in any way. So why should you buy it? I dont know.Guys, why would you make a simpler version of a global turn base  strategy? The whole appeal of games like that is complexaty, amount of details and thinking involved. Why do you think people play that kind of games?  For the grafics?)  LOL  Making it primitive shows that you dont get the point of this kind of games! What would chess be with only pawns? That is exactly what you did here!!!As it is worse then MOO2 I dont understand for what did I pay my money for?!   Right now I dont recommend on buying this game. Its a poor ripoff classic game. Zero imagination involved.And it is also  an unfinished product!!! with tons of bugs! Facepalm. I regret on spending my money."
,Recommended,298050,22612145,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,bingo,"tonnes of fun as an introduction to the 4X scifi genre, with great voiceovers and interesting quirks -- but severely lacking in depth and complexity when inevitably regarded alongside its modern competitors (such as the upcoming Stellaris)"
76561198010270399,Recommended,298050,21539810,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Reuel 347,pretty much a one more turn game and if not careful there goes the day
,Recommended,298050,22965155,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Thrabalen,"Is this game worth the money? I think so.I would like to start with a little history. I have been a long time fan of the series. Master of Orion II is still my all time favorite game, and it's a large part of why I didn't like MOO3. I tell you this to set up exactly what I expect from Master of Orion. I was looking for a fun turn based 4X game (as a good 4X game is turn based, IMO), and I feel that Master of Orion: Conquer the Stars supplies that.The AI races are a bit on the cartoonish side, but I feel that this is a nod to the original MOO. There is a lot of micro-management, and this is a nod to MOO2. The population cells and star lanes? That's all MOO3. What I am saying here, is that just about every design decision can be traced back in some way to a previous game in the series.That said, the game isn't finished. TheAIandDIPLOMACY, especially, are rough, but then again these are the most dynamic of the features. If I had to guess, I would say that they're saving AI refiniements until last. You want to include all of your toys before you finalize how the AI will decide how to play with them. Right now, they're likely making sure that the components work, before getting them to work exactly how they want them to.ESPIONAGE, certainly, needs more work. I keep stealing technology that I've stolen before (how many different Cloning Centers does one need?), but they'll iron all that out, I'm sure. Likewise,COMBATstill has a way to go, but again, this is entirely AI based. The AI is very basic right now, but I'm sure it will be improved.RESEARCHneeds work, but I'll be honest and say I don't know what it needs. A greater flexibility, maybe.CUSTOM RACESneed more options, but it's still a new feature, give it time.COLONY MANAGEMENTis the biggest flaw right now. It's not broken by any means, but it could use work. There is no way to fine tune what your citizens prioritize without perosnally managing your populations. I'd like to see the ability to use sliders to control how my new citizens get assigned, and to save those presets as a custom set. But it's not a major negative at this point in time.FINAL VERDICT: if you're the type of person who likes beta projects, or can deal with a game in a yet-to-be-finished state, and you like 4X games (especially the MOO series), pick this up. If you are the type of person who thinks a turn based game is too slow, or you think an early-access game should be 100% playable and finished and just needing some polish, or you want a game you can beat in a few days and move on... this is not your game. I have individual games that last a dozen or more hours, but I like a game I can return to again and again. To this day I still open up MOO2 now and then... except I haven't felt the need since getting this."
76561198184148098,Recommended,298050,24972880,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,The_Reaper303,"it's a cool game it needs a bit more work but its very fun to play, the AI is not to be trusted i reapeat make allies but allways have a fleet to reack them couse they will knife you in the back"
,Recommended,298050,21514861,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Upana,"I normally stay away from Early Access titles. In this case, I am very glad I made an exception.I just completed my first playthrough. And while there are features that are not fully implemented, I can tell you this; the game is certainly playable. Even at this stage, the game is far and beyond its predecessors. And I mean gameplay wise; the graphics is obviously in a completely new league. If you doubt that, go play MOO 2 or 3 that you get with the bundle. I assure you, they looked better in my memories ;-)Anyway. Go ahead and get it if you liked the originals. Well worth it."
76561198005621424,Recommended,298050,21536690,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Lord ][nquisitor Ian,Blown away. This is how early access should be. AMazed at the voice acting and polish in the game and it is super fun already. Cannot wait until the rest of the game gets put in!
,Recommended,298050,21538175,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,|NeX| Doom,"Beautiful! Still a work in progress, but the stuff that is finished works and looks great. There are still a few bugs that need to be worked out, but once they're finished it'll be among the best games ever (imo)! Anyone who enjoyed the original MoO games will definitely enjoy this."
76561197977057864,Recommended,298050,21716809,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,starburst,"This game is in early access. However, it's quite playable in it's current form despite missing many features and balance, etc at this time. I've been very surprised at some negative feedback in forums , etc becasue this IS early access and it's a chance to influence / contribute to the finihed game.As a Moo tragic, I coughed up the $50 willingly, mainly to support the devs and be involved. It's a bit steep for an EA game but with such a big title of a legendary game series I'm not really that surprised, when comparing to many other EA games cost. (You get Moo/Moo2 and 3 as well, but that's not really of much value)Definately only buy this EA if you really want to be involved. If not wait as it's still got a lot of development ahead of it.I think this has the makings to be a fine Moo version."
76561198035316734,Recommended,298050,21630525,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Roadie,"To the point,,It pretty much shaped up like the x-com reboot.Im enjoying this reboot but it is a next gen game so expect it to be dumbed down yet still fun compaired to the oldies."
,Recommended,298050,21787541,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,jonathan7799,"A superb remake of a classic.  There's always a temptation with these types of games to make them over-complicated.  This new version sticks amazingly close to the original game but adds modern graphics, lovely voiceovers and a great interface.  Superb job to all those involved."
76561197966398568,Recommended,298050,21552162,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,NoT^WooT,"I no longer need DOSbox to play my favorite game! It lives up to the legacy of Moo2, and goes where Moo3 SHOULD have gone. There are balance issues as I write this, but it is prerelease and the developers have been engaging the public for feedback more than I see Blizz/ Valve/ Riot.As a 20 year fan of Master of Orion, I was not disapointed. I look forward to the fix and the release."
,Recommended,298050,22120702,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,m_sureash,I love all MOO (expect maybe for MOO 3) and this is shaping out to be another great game. And it's still in Early Access.Go get it. Play it. Help to improve it. Have fun with it.
76561198024190457,Recommended,298050,21665736,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,tty146,"It has some of the core parts of MOO2 and is promising but needs some work.1) Tactical Combat - Real time is total crap. It needs to be turn based and bring back different shield facings. All the strategy is gone out of this aspect of the game. This is a game breaking flaw for me. Maybe have turn based orders with simultaneous results. Similar to Combat Mission Afrika Corps.2) Need custom races options. This includes what ship set your fleet will look like. I love the Sakara but hate the look of their ships. I am sure this is in development.3) More options of things to do with ""dead"" systems. For example a system with only a gas giant. You should be able to build an orbital station of some time.4) Some sort of approval system for upgrades to designs based on tech. I really like the upgrade feature but it would be nice to have a pop up menu for the new ship design for a quick double check. I ended up upgrading all my ships without any ground bombardment capability without realizing it.5) Races don't really feel distinct in gameplay at the moment but I think this is under development.6) Where are the heroes/admirals?Overall very promising but still under development. Visually the game is amazing, sound is also very well done. A few tweaks to the tactical combat, a hero system, better ai, custom race feature and I will be having many many sleepless nights.Please support this game so that is can become a worthy successor to MOO2"
76561198100574723,Recommended,298050,21762201,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Voodoobutter12,This game is good.1) Easy to pick up.2)good mechanics.3) easy to develope4)FUN!!5)nice variety of races.6)IT'S ONLY IN EARLRY ACCESS SO IT CAN ONLY GET BETTER!!! ofcourse there a veiw bugs but what do u expect?
76561198107686577,Recommended,298050,22545261,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,bob10076,"For a early release it's not bad. If they finish the game without doing anything to ruin it, it will be a real nice game."
,Recommended,298050,22894162,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Drakomis,"As of this review, I have 29 hours on record on the game. It's not a lot, and I honestly haven't finished the game through, but I have played two complete games totalling these hours. I have to admit, it was more than what I was expecting. The shortcomings of the game can be summed mostly up as being in an constantly updated state. There's gonna be quirks, but the developers offer a nice way to extend your issues or problems to them: they included a ""Report Bug"" feature. I've used it plenty of times, and knowing this game is still be roughed out on its edges, I'm totally okay with that.The things I love are a-plenty! I thoroughly enjoy how strategic, detailed, and animated the battle scenes are. It makes me feel like I'm watching a movie taking place. Speaking of that, whenever you colonize, you get some of these wonderful scenes too. Matter of fact, I'm going to go ahead and say it: The entire game plays like a movie you're making.Point blank, the way I feel as a casual gamer, and as a person who has used games from wargaming, I know for a fact they're going to pay attention to the customer base. I further know that while these developers are a separate entity (sortof), they still have that same passion. You can see it in this game. From the voice-overs, to the way the game operates, every action and reaction feels like you're contributing to your own story. It's not entirely customizable, not yet, but as someone who enjoyes playing the Terran Kahnat (I recommend getting this addition while there's still time!), I am having one heck of a blast!Conclusion:While still in the stages of roughing out the edges, you can feel the passion here. I really enjoy being a part of that, playing it, and feeling it for myself. I'm addicted, and I really enjoy it."
76561197994517404,Recommended,298050,21478181,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,morness,"Totally worth getting day 1! Very faithful to the original Master of Orion games. A lot of micromangement issues have been solved -- getting new research gives you opportunities to upgrade ship plans immediatetly. Game looks great, sounds great, and haven't encountered any bugs so far."
76561198009724645,Recommended,298050,25059830,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Mr.Church,"A great series of games, well, 1 and 2 were great games...3 not so much! This is a worthy successor to the first two games. Now, I want you to understand I don't make this claim lightly as MOO 1 and 2 are on my all time greatest game list and I STILL play them! I have been playing this since it's initial EARLY ACCESS release on Steam, (I did preorder) and I do not regret it in the slighest. This game has a high replay value and has alot to do in game from designing ships to assigning population tasks on a planet (think Civ in space) and alot more besides. A great cast of voice actors including Michael Dorn, Dwight Schultz and Robert Englund (google is you're friend ;D ) some beautiful graphics, a very in depth game and some damn cool looking ships! My only gripe is I would like to see more customisation in the ship design but I CAN do without it. I will update this as more content is released, but for now I definately reccommend it as a buy, if you've never played MOO before but like a good strategy game you won't be at a disadvantage it's very easy to pick up and everything is explained and pretty straight forward to be honest, if you have played MOO you're not reading this crap you already bought the game and are on turn 300 in a massive galaxy, just having colonised Orion and about to go to war with everyone...just to see if you can take em."
76561198024352041,Recommended,298050,21485755,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Gilgamec,"I have to say that I actually like this game, but remember it is early access.Cons:*The tech tree is more like Civilization than a MOO game, that was disappointing to me. I liked the divided tree into different areas, etc. MOO2 is my fav tech tree.*Combat: defenses are pretty much useless against ships. The definition of tactical combat presently in the game is point, click, and they shoot, no real tactics to it. From what they say, this is a major work in progress.....I hope, otherwise it would be one of the most disappointing elements in the game.*No Elarians, one of my favs in MOO2*Diplomacy.....what diplomacy? I have found it better to ignore this aspect of the game until the computer acts more reasonably.*Ship design: I love that the ship design here is much like MOO and better than most of this game's piers, but I still find it too restrictive when compared to previous MOO games. Would love to have more choices about how many specials, etc to put on a ship. I should be able to have a titan dedicated to electronic warfare if I want to and have space available.*Tech comes too fast and ships too slowly, by the time they are built, they are obsolete.Pros:*In my opinion the flow of the galaxy, production ques, etc. resembles MOO2 very well and is one of the best out of any recent space tbs game. Some people do not like the auto group, but the same people love MOO2 (which had auto group). It is as simple as selecting the ones you do not want in the group and moving on. As far as the galaxy, fleet movement, etc. goes I think it does well with some minor issues on path finding.*The bones of a good game, with the glitches of an EA (early access) game.*All in all it plays like MoO4, bringing some of the best of the first 2 games, and missing many of the problems of MOO3 (while keeping star lanes, which I personally like).Overall while my cons are more detailed and specific than my pros, I think for people like myself, who are buying this to be a true MOO game, it can be at least mostly pleasing.There are issues but like I said, overall, it plays like a MOO game (with the exception of that darned tech tree....hate it).So I recommend getting it because it plays a lot like MOO to me....differences, the the spirit is there and that is something I found lacking in games like Endless Space, Horizon, etc. They are all decent games, but have never had the spirit or held a candle to MOO. I hope that many of those issues above are fixed and improved on, but I at least recommend this game based on the fact that the collectors edition includes the 3 previous games plus the new MOO!"
,Not Recommended,298050,25433683,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,SurgicalGlitch,"I would have given this a good review. But there are just to many inconsistencies. I was going to well with Sakkra, They had just given me a trade deal that involved me allying with them against the Psilon. Everything was going SO WELL in this game.Then I blocked off a boarder so I could build a colony like I always do, I like to protect the colony in the early stages until its built up and has a military force to protect it. But, because of the ever present stupid game mechanics, because I am defending my boarders, and the Sakkra wanted to get threw, they started combat with me? Without declaring war? I tried to retreat but they still destroyed all my ships, destroyers and all. Looked at the diplomacy screen, everything is all good with them. This really did screw the game up for me, it might be something small, but its really game destroying."
76561198084807805,Recommended,298050,21806969,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,The Lord Inquisitor,"After playing as every race in the game, I highly recomend this game. It is a lot of fun to play for a long time. However, the A.I. is not that great at diplomacy. At all. It really needs to be fixed. Trying to make a peace treaty after taking over a few of their planets and wiping out there fleet and they demand like they are winning the war. Also the galactic council would be a lot better if there were things you could vote on other than the winner. Combat needs to be tweaked more, the a.i. only goes for swarming rather than better ships. which is extremely annoying."
76561198007224942,Recommended,298050,22568766,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Baumannn82,A great classic is back! :)
76561198037336320,Recommended,298050,25227548,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Privateer,"At last,a game worth playing."
76561198072169342,Recommended,298050,22435166,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,xxxccccccccc,"Mac Version on Mac Book ProWell it happened...Background and TheoryMOO2 is in my top 4 favourite games.I took MOO3 as a personal slight against me... I know most of us did.The bar is high because of Two but low because of Three.It will suffer from being too much like MOO2/1 and, conversely, too different from MOO2/1.It also will suffer from where it pitches itself, to some degree it doesn't and I suspect won't offer  the complexity that is now consider normal for 4X games.ReviewishThis is a very playable game. It is very pretty (it's fantastic to get to see more of the original races, even the voice acting is well done), responsive and suitably addictive.I really like:The new ability to build space structuresStricter use of pathway momentReal time space battles with a pause button (I love the old battle system but feel that it would have aged the game).The 'diminished returns' system with worker placement.The wee movies.The fleshing out of races.Currently it's a bit overpriced by 33% - 66% I'd say. Though, worth supporting if you're a fan of the series and have spending money - why not?This is a worthy addition to the cannon - MOO3 was not, iMO. I'm really pleased to say we are in safe hands!Starting rating 7(This is in the top 2% of Early Access - it looks and feels great.)Bugs/Fixes:In 5 hours I had one freeze but the auto save meant that nothing was lost.The font size needs looked at.Give us Gnolams!!! (We've been ever so good.)"
76561198034399646,Recommended,298050,21513528,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Psycho,"I am liking the feel of this right off the bat.. Gets me just the way the original games did. Needs a bit of polish yet, I had it hang three times when it was working the other races turns (I am 350 turns into a huge galaxy). I am running the psilons (always my favorite race) and things are working almost exactly the way it used to in MOO1 and MOO2, they start slow and weak and by the end of the game if you squeek by they are a power house.Still needs some polish in ship customization and updates, not as many choices here as there used to be. The races are a little bland compared to the old way and no way to customize them at startup, which was always cool. I have seen several reviews that claim alliances are impossible, I would not know, when they ask me for money I said no, they went to war with me and that was always my signal to turn from peaceful expansion to warmonger, I have not needed the other races for allies as I am simply crushing them.Combat is missing something from the old games, perhaps have not explored it enough, in the older versions I always controlled the ships early on and then gave up when the fleets got so massive it was just no use and let the AI take the battles from there, so far have simply let the  AI run the battles, the graphics are beautiful in battles, kudos to the game team there!On that note, graphics are very good thru the entire game, love the look of it! The voice overs are also fantastic! You can really tell they have some professionals for this.Its early on, but I do recomend this if your a MOO follower! I think its very solid start, and they have already said more to come, I will be playing this one for years to come, I can say that for sure right now!"
76561198006671343,Recommended,298050,21562653,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,N*,"EA4 is looking a lot better, tactical combat still needs a lot of focus but the additional room in the tactical map made a suprising bit of difference -- there is now enough space, and heavy mount guns now do something, so you can force defending ships to come out from the missile range of the starbases. Nice touch.AI has gotten a lot more aggressive but still needs some work, tactically it tends to chase rabbits and is easy to kite. Diplomacy still needs some work, AIs get stuck in demanding colonies, which is just silly. No one is ever going to surrender colonies unless they're losing a multi-front war and need to close a front, so demanding them as peace terms when the AI is getting wrecked is just silly. Same with tech trades. No, I'm not going to trade a 25 pop gaia for fighter bays.Game is looking really good as of June.----As of the 2016-02-26 release this is a fairly early alpha release. With that in mind, most of the groundwork for a remake of Master of Orion 1+2 is there and given another 6-12 months of development this could be a real successor. A bunch of key MOO concepts are only in framework here, particularly most of the non-combat technologies, tactical controls and diplomatic options, but the concepts are at least there.Superficially it resembles MOO3 with the inter-star lanes bu the gameplay feels much more like Moo1.Good effort so far, cautiously optimistic. Any expectations should be tempered, still needs a lot of development."
76561197966351016,Recommended,298050,25219915,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Talos,"if you want good voice overs and animations, get this game."
76561198006308607,Recommended,298050,21888014,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,General W,"Finally! A worthy heir to Moo2I feel like many of the negative reviews on here are totally failing to account for the pre-release nature of this game. Are some systmes missing? Yes. Are a few systems still incomplete? Yes. Is the game still one of the best Space 4x games ever? YES!The parts of this game that ARE done, show a ton of polish, and harken back to the glory days of Moo2. It offers a great balance of nostalgia with updated procedures. I think many of the more recent Space 4x titles have made things too ""complicated"" in a misguided effort at ""realism"" - Moo has wisely avoided that in favor of understandabilty. Because the choices are more clear, it's FAR easier to understand the consequences of your decisions... and therefore much more fun to play (Imho).The game still has some rough edges, of course, but it's already the most fun I've had playing a space 4x (or really any strategy game) since Civ5. Wait till it's done, if you like - but if you enjoyed Moo2, you'll LOVE this game."
76561198031926144,Recommended,298050,21843047,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Xainis,"Despite what all the most helpful reviews say this game is fun. You get to fight your enemies and destroy their whole empire.the ship customization is a little confussing, but you get to add what ever type of weapon you want to the ship, if it has the space for it.Diplomacy is a little on the down side. When you say no to one of the races they hate you for the rest of the game no matter what.Whatching your ships in the battle simulator is quit fun. Whatching as your ships blow up all that comes between them and their target is thrilling.I would recommend this game to all those who are new to the series and not old vetreans of the series. (Mainly because most of them complain of it being real-time-battles and not turn-based-battles)"
,Recommended,298050,22335768,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Benilla Ice,"Excellent Game, very well thought out with a stunning UI and great gameplay. If you've ever played Endless Space, you will love the latest installment of Master of Orion. Very similar 4X gameplay, but with more options in terms of ship designs, scales, weaponry and special modules, also more terraforming options. Unlike other 4X games like Endless Space and Civ V, when you start a battle, you go opt into a very quick real time combat, sort of like real time combat in total war games but so much shorter, battles that last maybe two or three minutes maximum. It makes for a more interseting time, as sometimes you can push through better in real time, not often, but I have noticed that units that have a lot of missiles and not much else don't tend to have a very high auto resolve rating, but can crush in real time. In terms of bugs, I have encountered one game ending bug, but that has only happened once and is to be expected when it comes to an early access game, but the auto save feature saves every turn, so I reset the game and pressed continue and I was maybe 30 seconds behind where it crashed, and it didn't occur again. Also the cool little landing cinematic that happens when you first colonise a planet are such a small touch, but it honestly makes the game that much more stunning, I just wish that they would have varying intros rather than just the same angle and landing intro every time you land on a barren planet. I would also love to see a cinemativ when you land troops on a planet and successfully conquer it, that would be cool. Overall I would say this game is definitely worth a buy, even in early access, although I would warn about the addictiveness that comes with games like this, definitely a great way to bring back a franchise.Tl;dr: Beautiful, fun to play, even in early access."
,Recommended,298050,21612974,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Sapphy,"I find Master of Orion, ""Compelling"" I'm looking forward to when they add the other races, victory conditions, and spies."
,Recommended,298050,21673976,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Rayth,Its ok
76561198204306880,Recommended,298050,23778036,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,kemey2007,= strong point =interface design is good and also fast patchgood characteristic voice actor and  strong personality speciesinteresting  planet graphics  and wild alien beingsbe made up unconstrained fleetcharacteristic designfantastical space battle scenetake a turn for the better system and bug= weak point =dumb as AI intelligenceuncomfortable interface switchinga stupid integrated combat systemrelatively simple ground warfarelimited access map stylelimited access fleet styleuseless spy systemand the most important thing is research tree like♥♥♥♥♥♥super  mega ultra superficial research treei hope much better tech tree than this something like civilizationtech tree make this game severely restrict very much
76561198007494456,Recommended,298050,21491883,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Ironclad,The new MOO has that one more game turn feel to it that will only get better with time. The master of 4x space strategy is back.  ( Edit : I am really starting to hate the space combat and star lanes. )
,Recommended,298050,22257631,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,majorchainpain,"Well as someone who enjoyed Civ 5, i got to say i like this game. My friend at work suggested me playing the original MOO and well i thought those graphics are something i could not handle. So when i heard about this game and watched game play of it well i took the chance and bought it. I was not disappointed (Exept for the price). The game is fun to play and the voice acting (aside from a couple of advisors) is awesome. This is one Early access game that was pretty polished when it was released and playable with some things missing but nothing to keep me from enjoying the core game. If you enjoy turn based stratagy like CIv 5 this game is for you.After playing the early access version i was happy with the game. But as soon as the full version came out i started having a bit more problems. I haven't been able to play the game for months as there is no text, its all white boxes. I have asked support from the company with no reply. I hope this gets fixed soon as i really like this game."
,Recommended,298050,22622533,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,jdblue,"While still very clearly a work in progress, MoO is providing an excellent, accessible entry into the grand space strategy genre.  There are definitely areas that need improvement, but as this is Early access and Alpha stage at that, some bugs are to be expected.  The game itself is remarkably stable and I've experienced no CTDs or BSODs, which is actually kind of amazing as my PC loves to crash on me.4/5 stars so far.  The look and feel of the game is incredible and the developers have shown a very keen interest in the feedback of their very dedicated fanbase."
76561198130854717,Recommended,298050,22630636,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Argordon,"This game is still in pre-release and so there are some problems but easy to fix. For example, you will see things like ""Cloning Centre INCREASES population growth by -25%"" MINUS 25%?!? Simple math errors and typos. There is little diffrence so far between the actual game play of MOO2 and this version. The focus has been on graphics and UI. I will admit that the graphics are better and more in line with the current decade... however, the designers are still dopey computer programming types and not Computer Information consultants like myself ... ok, what do I mean by that? Well, they made a great looking build screen that pops up when you want to build a new building on your planet... HOWEVER the window covers up all the information about your planet that you MAY want to look at before making your decision! Does your planet need more food production? Who knows... it is under the build window and impossible to see! Got to close the build window to see the planet production THEN re-open your build window to make your choice .... ANNOYING as HELL.Surprisingly, diplomacy has not been altered. I am disappointed by that. MOO2 had very rudimentary diplomacy and the game could be WAY more interesting if they at LEAST added in some changes to be on parity with Civilization IV.I love the game and will continue to play - sending in lots of bug reports and hoping that they listen to a few of my suggestions. For you all ... it is a copy of MOO2 with much better graphics but some annoyances in the interface. RECOMMENDATION: in present form would be better if price were reduced but still a buy."
76561198030974134,Not Recommended,298050,30073016,Posted: 20 February,all,seanp314,"I got bored with this pretty quickly. Loved the old MOO games. This is mostly a graphics and UI update, still lots of room for improvment in the UI though."
76561198049254982,Recommended,298050,21827286,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Dreameyes,The game play is awesome. Has a real feel like the original games. Excited for even more races and content.
,Recommended,298050,21465609,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,spkthed,"MOO is one of the games I grew up on. I'm a huge fan and was very excited for this game. MOO2 was a good step up, and MOO3 was another fun step up - when it worked. Pretty much everything in this game is a throwback - in a good way - of the original game. Music, resources, tech trees, etc. They then added on some voice acting and replaced animations with better ones. So - same game, minor changes right?They have changed tech trees. At two hours in I'm not sure how I feel. Psilon was always my race and I liked that one of their perks is that they got everything. That's not so here. You do have to choose. Combat is fun. There's some reviews coming in talking about now liking the new version. Eh. It's not finished yet and they might make tweaks. It would be nice if there was a 'turn by turn only' option. It is nice that you can just skip combat now because previously it could take SO LONG.So far, day 1 of early access I'm shocked at how stable the game is. They have done a good job. We'll have to see how replayability is, but so far very impressed."
76561198017336743,Recommended,298050,22815314,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Tactical Wargamer,Not bad at all.....I still would recommend Star Rulers 2 as the best 4X'er out there. Maybe MOO will surpass it but certainly not at this stage.
76561197970890209,Recommended,298050,23244020,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Nate,Plays well with nice graphics and immersive voice acting. Good user interface design. The AI is better than average for a 4x game.Many game features are similiar to those from other 4x games. Not a lot of innovation. But good if you are new to this type of game as everything is explained well.
,Recommended,298050,21539536,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,DCAL,Loving this so far. Enough nostalgia and feel of the old games with some new takes. Love the cinematic battle camera.
,Recommended,298050,21562203,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Veritas,"IF you're itching for a new space 4x, a big time fan of the Moo series, and/or are willing to accept this an early access game so there is some risk involved I'd say go for it!As of right now only encountered a couple bugs, ZERO crashes.Very resource efficient (I multitask, alt/tab very frequently, the game was smooth!), and that's with maxed out visual and 8x AA. Graphics look good/great (GTX 970).Finished one game so for, it was very easy and dragged on towards the end. BUT, that's because many things are not yet implemented so I'm very hopeful the game will progress on what is a solid beginning."
76561198120316640,Recommended,298050,24867014,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Big Tuna,"I love this game. It was worth buying. Im loving the updates, its getting better each time!"
76561198073871148,Recommended,298050,22416667,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,K2Dad,If you are a fan of the Original Master of Orion then this game is for you.  It is a beautiful trip down memory lane.  A lot of the game is patterned from that original MOO experience.  From the races right down to the music played when colonizing a planet. Ahh.
76561197996668561,Recommended,298050,25205163,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,xedemx,"I've only liked the first MOO so far, and finally there is a successor! Great work!"
76561198006695110,Recommended,298050,21551733,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Papi,"The voice acting is nice, the animation of the different races is nice.  I'm looking forward to more races getting added, and also how they design the espionage system.The ships are neat, the buildings are neat.  The way you can block warp gates with military sations is really cool.My only complaint is the thing that MOO2 does better than any other similar game out there (including this one):In MOO2 you could go to the settings and turn off the end of turn wait.  This way you could essentially fast forward your long construction times and research times.  You can't do that in any modern game because your system has to process enemy turns.  In modern games, the enemy turns take a few seconds to process.  This really slows the pace down...  This game combats that by shortening build times and research times.  (Research now usually takes between 4-8 turns).Also, I would much have preferred turn based ship combat...All in all, though I won't put in the kind of hours on this game as I did MOO2, it's a solid buy (Though I would really put it's worth at $20 right now.  $49 is overpriced IMO).So, that's my opinion...  If you leave a question for me, I'll try to edit this review to answer that question."
,Recommended,298050,21545131,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,starmage21,"Master of Orion 3 was an abomination. It was not bad because of the features in the game, but because everything they tried to do was implemented absolutely horribly. It took fan patches and mods to even get it to playability. This game has a lot of the feel of Master of Orion 3 that was good, and some of its own that makes it even better. I am about 100 turns into my first game as humans vs 1 bulrathi opponent. So far, the game feels like everything good from both Master of Orion 2, and Master of Orion 3 in one great package.Its still early access, and if you havent played Master of Orion 2 or 3, lets just say that I think this will be worth my fifty dollars."
76561198102760004,Recommended,298050,21846167,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Noire-Waifu,a decent game it is pretty good although there is no custom races yet. They need to add just 2 player multiplayer
76561197998164703,Not Recommended,298050,26506709,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,paulinbrian,The new pollution changes in v51.2 have made the game tedious and unenjoyable.
76561198032191623,Recommended,298050,25183536,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Scar X_X,i usually suck at these types of games but im finding it easy to understand the good voice acting graphics and decent audio helps to only down side there needs to be a bit more explanation of what some things do
,Recommended,298050,21453347,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,austin1997connors,Fun 4x game it did a good job at remaking a clasic there are a few issues hear and there but hey its early acsess its definitaly worthy the money especily if you like 4x and strategy games or are looking for a new master of orion game.
76561198017534950,Recommended,298050,23429995,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Heretic,Have been playing the Early Access versions of MoO and have been very satisfied with the game so far. Played the original two MoO's extensively so I would recommend this latest version of the namesake almost completely. The developers have clearly made significant efforts to address any issues that have arisen due to the game being EA(there were not many that I encountered).Actually I would like to offer that the people working on the game have really done a great job. Thanks for keeping all the things I personally enjoyed about the earlier games but keeping things fresh and new while doing so. Its a fun and attention grabbing game that has already had 100+ hours too many!I recommend it to anyone that is/was a Master of Orion fan.
76561198263102377,Recommended,298050,25209982,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,jfloveiv,"I have played MOO over 100 hours and am addicted to trying to beat the AI. Excellant game development and action. Pirates casn be a pain in the a.., but opponents are adaptive."
76561198026869359,Not Recommended,298050,25781365,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,cajijere,"I'm 50/50 about the game, spent around 30 hours on it, and everything is alright, but bland, theres a definate limit with technology, and all races seem to do the same technological path, with only the all too frequent bugs and crashes giving the game variety, Orion is found in the same place every game I've played so far (x5), a star to the left or right, but always bottom left quadrant.Generally an alright game, thats been let down by too little content. Some new tech that can only be found, not researched, a few more races, extinct civs cities and tech artifacts, more variety in the tech trees and a more intuitive ship building and design section and this would be a very different review, but as it stands? Very average, and in comparison to the other games in this area, such as Galactic Civ 3, overpriced and under finished.Shame, I had high hopes for this."
,Recommended,298050,21579053,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,LtlMacMcG,"For a full review with gameplay please Check out my Channel at:https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC8Rq0jnAyAkf1zjDhP60ARABottom line:  This title is already a real gem, and I am proud to have purchased and be a supporter of this game.  While it is still EA and needs somepolishing, the gameplay is alaready quite enjoyable and I certainly believe it is worth the price point.If you are on the fence....check out my Lert's Play video!"
,Recommended,298050,21605967,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Blasphemous,"I had a life before my inner child was like ""I'm taking over for the unforeseeable future, it's time to take over the galaxy!""."
76561197982609056,Recommended,298050,21518135,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Rossi,"Great game even on this stage of develpment. It is true sequel to MoO2. BTW I am a long time fan of MoO1 and 2 (3 sucks).I love the new system grid and warm holes. Great graphics for a strategy classic sequel.The diplomacy is still broken, hope they improve until the launch.What they fixed is that on MoO2 you were dependant on the luck to find a suitable planet at range to colonize, now it is easier to colonize barren, radiated and other kinds of planet. Plus, the military starts early. It is very good to know the fleet and mosnter strenght before combat. It should have a flee option on the simulate option on combat.I finished the game twice by diplomatic victory. The late game was not that fun, an MoO2 problem too.The AI should consider moving military ships to a system an hostile act and stop doing it unless it wants war, as it should ask if I want war when I do so.MoO2 had special characters, it would be good if they use this on this one too.Right now it is a great game, and every MoO1 and 2 should buy it.I hope they improve a lot this game, until it reaches a uncosntested position as the best 4x space game.At last, I didn't try the multyplayer, and I hope thay playtest it a lot to deliver an outstanding competitive experience."
76561198009138298,Recommended,298050,21534153,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Sertonis,"For a early access game it feels solid and the game runs smoothly. The Races are interesting and the voice acting and music are unique and enjoyable to listen to. The artwork is beatiful from the universe map to the colonizing video makes you have the extraterrestrial feel when colonizing a new planet (especially when you are the Psilons, I think that is how you spell them.)The one thing I think a lot of people need to understand is this isn't a MOO2 remake. Do not buy this game thinking that they are simply going to remake that game with new graphics. You are going to be disappointed. I do get annoyed when people make a lot of assumptions about games and then get all upset when they find out it isn't the clone of what they expected or they have this nostalgic viewpoint of a game, I call that the spoiled brat syndrome.However I will say the game is simplified in comparison to the older installments and currently there is only 6 races to choose from. I am hoping that the AI is improved quite a bit and the races become more unique in the way they play in the game. I am hoping for more universe based events in the game.Pros:- The game is stable I have not crashed once it plays really smoothly.- Great voice acting from famous Sci Fi actors.- Artwork music and general feel of the game is fantastic.- If you have played modern 4X games before you will easily be able to get right in and play this game.- Planets are unique, terraforming is a lot of fun especially making a gas giants into a huge livable terran world :)- The Tech tree is interesting and it is great that they have the option to auto upgrade your ship designs when new tech gets researched, allowing more casual players to enjoy the game.- I have never laughed so much in a space turn based game when the galactic news reported the end of my population growth event.Cons:- AI needs work, the different race need to work in a more racial way. For example the military races should not be more technologically advanced than the scientific races etc.- Diplomacy needs work, I played the space bears and the only race I could form an alliance with was the humans. No matter what I did the other races viewpoint of my race wouldnt go up. (I may have just not be doing something right)- I think the Tech tree and ship design needs to be more complicated to make it interesting to experienced MOO fans.- More events and havestable areas for your builders (they can only build very few things, hopefully more options become available.)- The battle map needs work, ships phasing through asteroids just breaks the immersion for me and a little bit of control during battle would be nice.- Diplomatic victory is way to easy, all you have to do is have the majority of votes which you can pay off the other races which for me costs 1500 per race. I was actually shocked when the game ended. I thought you would have certain powers to manipulate the galactic community. :-/In conclusion currently MOO is a very stable early access game! A great ground structure to build a interesting and modern installment to the MOO franchise. I can see a lot of place holders throughout the game and certain victory conditions have not been fully fleshed out. They do have a lot of work to do but even though the cost of the game is high I have enjoyed playing the game and supporting the developers. I have high hopes to see where they go with this one."
76561198036332524,Recommended,298050,22660734,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Dracoleader,"The planetary defense is vastely underwhelming compared to the original that I grew up with an loved. However, the base of what I grew up with is still there! Hopefully we see some better variations on the ships but the custom builds are still fun to do!"
76561198260750893,Recommended,298050,22114887,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,david.a.williamson1994,"This early release is overall very promising, though has a few major issues it needs to iron out in order to be a truly great game. Hopefully the developers are bold enough to make those changes, so far it seems they are. Although it's a tad pricey it does give you the original three games, two of which have been rigged to run on new computers, some bonus features, an extra playable race and it allows you to troubleshoot bugs and make recommendations for alterations to gameplay or new features. So far the developers have kept their word and have tried, mostly successfully, to make changes the players desire. They even went so far as to make an overnight patch so that some players experiencing bugs on certain systems could play the game properly, which shows great promise and dedication. While they were at it they applied a few player-recommended patches and encouraged us to give both positive and negative feedback.As it is about thirty per cent of the game's features are disabled and about half of what is present seriously needs work. Nevertheless in the first update alone there were significant strides in this area, and it was all to a high standard of quality. Sometimes in updates they'll put in slightly whacky or unbalanced features, but it seems to be a deliberate move to guage how players respond and to find out what the majority of gamers strongly desire, as well as to find out what gamers -do not- desire.If you are passionate about the Master of Orion series and want to see Master of Orion 4 be a success, you should seriously consider buying this early release and helping to fund the polishing of this potentially great game, and be able to give feedback that will shape it into something awesome that will be played eagerly for years to come."
76561198005957004,Recommended,298050,22833910,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,SaltyClownShoes,"The game is good.  No, it's not a clone of MOO2.  I have friends that enjoy this game that were MOO2 fanatics.  We all love the game and it's progressing nicely.  Tactical combat is getting better, you can always pause the game and issue orders as well.  Don't expect this game to be MOO2, it's an introduction for a wider audience with beautiful graphics, full voice overs and a pretty amazing amount of work already done.I loathe reading the negative posts out here.  The game is STILL BEING DEVELOPED AND IS EVER CHANGING.  It's in an early enough stage for hundreds if not thousands of changes to happen.  The DEVS listen to their fan base!  The game is going to rock at some point, have no doubt.  It's already pretty damn good now.You can scroll through all the other technical posts out there to your hearts content, so I'm just giving my impressions of the state and future of the game.Most of the haters out there are MOO2 purists.  Nothing wrong with that, but this game isn't MOO2.  If you don't like it, don't bash it, attempt to appreciate the fact that it is a very good game and getting better all the time.  Take it for what it is.  Aside from that, check out Stellaris, launcing Monday May 9th.  It looks amazing, just in a more text driven and less polished way.  Galaxies have 1,000 stars to explore and it might just kill lesser computer systems (even though the engine is old and runs on DX9).  If it's not buggy as♥♥♥♥♥♥ I will pick that one up too.  Then I will have two amazing games in my library.Peace out people"
76561198030773396,Recommended,298050,21495087,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,stripe7,"Was actually going to rate this as a thumbs down, but I found myself playing it and actually having some fun. As it stands, I don't think it is worth the price tag, however that is due to it missing a bunch of stuff that is being added like all the missing races. I would like a larger galaxy I think it is way too small, they should add a huge and insane size map where tech and builiding rates drop 2-4x. So in spite of my reservations I think this is fairly well done, some nostalgia and some changes but overall playable and enjoyable.There is a noticable lack of depth in the tech tree which hopefully will change as a tech victory is enabled later on. There is a lack investment in the ship design, in Gal Civ3 & Star Drive 2 you  can spend lots of time in ship design and then cannot wait to try them out against an enemy, not so in this game. Exploration suffers as there is no sense of exploring the final frontier, there are little to nothing yet to discover in exploration other than the occasional weak♥♥♥♥♥♥♥pirate or wierd space monster."
,Recommended,298050,21497512,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Carn13F0x,"So this review is written with only just under 6 hours in, and 3 games played, so please take this into mind while reading this.The Master of Orion series is considered by most to be one of the first, if not  leaders in galactic 4x game series. There are many paths to victory in games like this, which include conquest, science, and diplomacy. I am not sure if Masters of Orion has wonder or quest victories as of yet, but I would not be surprised to see it patched in later into early access. So just a few things ot be said to have a proper review for you folks.The PositivesBeautiful, simple, and non intrusive graphics allow you to enjoy the game for some of its finer details.The races so far have history, they have culture, and they interact (albeit agressively] differently.Ship design is simple and to the point, something I actually enjoy and endorse.Decisions matter. Making infratructure instead of ships? Well good luck early in, and mid, and late game... xDThe NegativesSometimes there are tooltips, and sometimes there are not. Little placeholders or blank text still exist but this is to be expected early access.The lack of game pacing options such slow, medium, or fast is kinda saddening. Science pacing would be a nice feaure as well.The lack of other game options such as minor races, galaxy markets, and anomaly quest is kinda saddening, but very bearable.Galaxy options! Give us more control with more sizes, more planets, more anomalies, more adventure. Make it a thing guys, you can do it!This is a con for now but soon to be fixed. Lack of custom races. God I cannot wait for that. Give it to us now! Please!? Ok I will wait *sniff*All things said this game is very enjoyable already, and very well polished. Iv played games that have been out more then a year that dont play as well as this (I am looking at you Galactic Civilizations and StarDrive). I also like the fact that the 50 dollar package is in fact 4 fricking games. The entire series. And people are complaigning about that? Holy crap. Some people huh."
,Recommended,298050,21555699,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,King Curt,Can't help but love this game - looking forward to when it's finished.
76561197974527716,Recommended,298050,21939319,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Apostate,"I have now finished a play through and feel I can leave a review which will be meaningful. I won't get into what features are missing, or suggestions for updates, that will be on the discussion boards. This is for those of you looking at this game and wondering, is it really MOO?The answer is a resounding Yes.I have been playing MOO games since I got my hands on 1 back in 1993. A friend and I were just getting our of highschool and we played it on his old 386. It was glorious.I got my hands on MOO2 a few years later, and didn't play it much until 1999. Initially I was thrown off, the interface was more like Master of Magic, than the MOO I had come to be used to. In time I realized that MOO2 was a worthy successor to the title.I bought MOO3 when it came out. I really can't state my disappointment with that title.This game, this game feels like MOO. The mechanics are balanced, much of the tech and the strategy of MOO2 is available here. I think they may even have lifted sections of the text from MOO2.The original races are here, or soon will be.The beauty of MOO was that it had enough micro management, without being too much. You have control, but you also don't need to babysit every planet constantly. The build queue is not as long as it was in MOO2 and some technologies with the same name now have different purposes. Biospheres is very different.The combat is realtime, but the speed can be increased or decreased and ships can be controlled, there is also a cinematic camera for when you know you will win and want to savor some up close and personal views.There are some changes I hope to see, but if you loved the origionals than you should enjoy this game. This is what MOO3 should have been, but is actually better. I never cared to take a screen shot in any of the previous games, my profile is getting filled with them here. The game is beautiful and amazingly fun."
,Recommended,298050,21560484,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,minum,"I think news should be with funny comments or it's useless. And really need mini map, where you can click on it and be in other solar system.It's early game, so I hope defficulty in the final game and AI will be better. As I see some players have problems with money in the game, but in my game I was richiest race in the galaxy...only need to find a planet with gold.""yes"" for the game, but you need to fix many problems"
76561197971734734,Recommended,298050,21576088,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,brownrv,"Just finished my first game.  I played as the Mrrrshan and was able to dominate via technology building and generally staying out of the computer players way during expansion.  It was fun!  I liked the tech tree - I was able to get to titan level ships, class V shields, phasors, battle pods, plus all the supporting economic tools.  I found that my tech rate was outstripping my ability upgrade battleships - most of my cruisers (and smaller ships) were quite capable and easily maintained with every upgrade.  The battleships not so much and I didn't even get a single titan built - started several, but I won by having the votes due to my population being about 3-4x higher than the computer players.  I may have coerced all the other players to vote for me with a yearly annuity of 20 BC (except the #2 sized player).  It played well over steam link with the keyboard and mouse configuration for the steam controller.   I found that a 35"" TV made the text a bit small from across the room.  I eventually finished the game on my PC directly and enjoyed being able to read all the text quite clearly."
76561197985280643,Recommended,298050,25215187,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,don.blais,"I think it's a fine recreation of the MOO series. So many people raging on about it, but it's like they just had dumb expectations. The game is not perfect, but it's not bad either. I'm enjoying it, and would recommend to anyone who enjoys the MOO/MOO2 series."
76561198023924330,Recommended,298050,32598750,Posted: 20 June,all,Deheart,"First of all, its a decent game and and I enjoyed it. But there were a few things that I did not like at all especially considering this is meant to be a remake of the original Master of Orion and not a Master of Orion 4.1- Turn based space combat, the lack of it is a huge negitive for replayablility and being willing to shell out extra money for the extra player races.2- This is not a game that should have downloadable content, and not DLC's that are so minimal in game impact.3- Space lanes. That was one of the major turn offs for me for Master of Orion 3. The ablity to go to any planet and the worry about being attacked from any direction at any time was enjoyable.Now keep in mind, I did play this game off and on for several months and did enjoy it when I played it untill I got bored as will happen eventually when playing any game. It is just that it should be considered a sequal and not a remake, of course if they marketed it as a sequal I might not have purchased it considering the Master of Orion 3 fail. Good game but it is not in any real way a remake of the original Master of orion."
,Recommended,298050,24235224,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Airsek,"Very fun, and enjoyable."
76561198055473998,Recommended,298050,21837601,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,bcbchapi,Love this game just got involved with this series. Love it it was so much fun I hate games that try to make gameplay so hard you can't find joy in it. Instead you are reading a Manuel as thick as your leg trying to figure out how to play. Now it is early access and I won't lie to you it has bugs one that comes to mind is when you destroy a star base every time you go in to a battle seen you will see it blowing up every time. But I am sure that they will fix this in time. But if you hate bugs and don't like early access games then this is not for you.
76561198081855902,Recommended,298050,21673989,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,EagleBearWolf,"Played through my first match in EA.if i have my nostalgia goggle on OR off i still find this to be awesome.If someone is an old timer that played the old MOO games, or if your new to this whole thing,either way i would certainly recomment this title.I will not discuss anything negative due to the game not being complete.As it sits it is still a fully playable game. I would only caution that the difficulty level is currently on the easy side,however there will be multiple levels of difficulty in the future of course.looks great, plays great, and the fun factor is here.on a final note...         I cant wait to be the Klackons! ;-)"
,Recommended,298050,23495819,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Dr. Meme,"Fun quick game for in between larger more complex games, while not the most advanced for the space stratigy games its one of the very few to incorperate a turn based game with singular jumps. I would recommend games like Galciv 3 over it for the turn based genre"
,Recommended,298050,24157931,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,jordemort,"I'm one of those people that liked the original so much that they still regularly play it, and I like this. It plays more like an extremely polished version of MoO 2 than the original MoO, but that's not necessarily a bad thing; MoO 2 had a lot of interesting ideas, and it's nice to see them implemented well. I really like how the tech tree works; it forces you to make choices, but only for a subset of the technologies, so I don't feel like I absolutley have to have the Creative trait every time I play."
76561198111164263,Recommended,298050,22768429,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,pymole,"Outside of the length of time it takes to load the beginning of a new game (which can be quite lengthy at times). I have found that the game play is smooth, although at times you do get a small lag-time. The game advisor can get a bit tidious an would like to be able to have the option to shut it off. Bravo on the tech tree in giving you options on some techs to learn over others to give you better tech trade options if another race has something you need. Overall I am very happy with the results so far, and look forward to many hours of play, plus can't wait to see what new things will be added to the Masters Of Orion line-up."
76561198012543722,Recommended,298050,23184928,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,(  =A=),"Note: This is my first time playing a 4X gamePros:+Extremely easy to pick up and play+Plenty of unique races+Art style has it's own charm+Great way to burn a whole day+Currently in active development by WGCons-AI is terrible in declaring war/combat/diplomacy/colonization/ship designAI will sometimes declare war on you but never move thier massive fleet in until 30 turns laterAI is terrible @ Diplomacy they make stupid demands (IE I want 4 of your colonies and 1/3 of your treasury for free)AI seems unable to terraform any of their planets at this time which is fortunate as they seem to ALWAYS spawn with amazing planets (I always play human)AI still seem to only colonize 1 planet at a time even when they obviously have more than enough resources to colonize multiple planets at onceAI seems to stop colonizing after thier population reachs a certain threshold (I had a 2000+ turn game the AI Pop never went above 450)AI can't design ships to save thier empires worth a damn ... in the mid to end game I can litterally kill a AI super fleet (4 battle ships, 30+ cruisers,40+Destroyers,30+Frigates) with 2 to 4 titan class ships (ship auto design system is abysmal)Planet Spawning Issues/Management issuesI haven't played multiplayer but it seems that when I play human I RARELY get any good planets spawned next to me yet when I share charts with the AI I can quite clearly see they get a polethera of class B planets near thier home planet PLEASE FIX THISThe auto build function doesn't build colonies effeciently AT ALL it flat out sucks as it build litteraly everything in a horrible order choiceLeaving your colonies on manual is a great way to loose allocation points as the game seems to keep throwing colonists on ONE particular resource and if it over flows those colonists some how disappear into the ether ... PLEASE FIXCOMBAT needs OptimizationsI can't tell if it's just because the game runs on DX9 but this game seems to coke my computer to death when there are more than a couple dozen objects on the screen (Running on a I7 4710MQ w/ 970M) I have a gut feeling that this aspect with never change but any optimaztions would be niceTech tree is meh- Everyone gets the same tech so in the end game everyone would have the same amount of firepower it would be nice to see some diversityWhile I've bled much of my free time into this game ... the more I've played it the more I realized there's alot more to be done to fix it. However since WG is actively listening to feed back here's to hoping that the game will be awesome on launch"
76561198043597613,Recommended,298050,21801977,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,magutierrez9,"I obsessively played the original Master of Orion Series 1, 2, and yes even 3, and I recommend this latest iteration!Although this game is definitely more than just a Master of Orion ""4"", the developers have successfully resurrected the Spirit of MOO and enhanced it with new and creative content.  I found myself experiencing that old happy addiction of one more turn, just one more battle, and the wonderment of discovering a new world for my race.  I especially like the space combat, from the real time tactics to the immersive Cinematic videos of the battles.To all those doubters and haters out there I just say give it a chance and invest the time and effort to discover the new MOO's possibilities and potentials.Let's collaborate with the Developers to make this game a new Legend."
76561198092355634,Recommended,298050,21492809,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Larica,"Played as the the Psilons, went to war with the Mrrshans. Built a fleet of ships, called them ""Pu$$y Destroyers"" went in their territory balls deep. 10/10 would fu*k again"
76561197998119850,Recommended,298050,21513070,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,[ELR] Dbetz007,So far so good as a Open beta type game seems pretty polished. Although some issues persist if corrected this will turn out to be a great game. I suggest waiting to buy it to see if the issues with the AI overvauling their own technology and overall diplomacy issues being settled as well as retreat option for combat which I saw nothing for.I put a good deal of time into this for testing so far and its not bad at all its just not finished and has a way to go still.
76561197973638693,Recommended,298050,21517084,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Mameluke,"Still some work, but overall a fun game."
,Recommended,298050,33170564,Posted: 2 July,all,󠀡󠀡BOOhemotty󠀡,"A light 4X type game with great atmosphere. Runs well on lower-end rigs, too. Over the last year of playing games, this has been one of my favourites.Was aiming for a technological victory, and I spot my oldest and dearest ally (little grey men) is closer to transcending this plane of existence than I, Humanity. This would not do.1. Instigated a war between space cats and robots, so that little grey's military ally was preoccupied.2. Massaged relations on my own borders with a bunch of lizards and birdmen so that Humanity could be left in peace for a while.3. Solidified my own military fleet, kept far away from prying eyes, and maintained good relations with neighbours.4. Gently rebuffed advances from the little grey men who were asking for free movement through my territory.5. Gave away nearly all of my technology to a race of backstabbing shapeshifters so that they would start a war with the little grey men.6. Waited until the little grey men had sent their deathstar away to deal with the shapeshifters before I opened up a warpway to their frontier, and piled every available ship I had through to attack grey systems.As I shelled the very last member of their race out of existence and out of history, Humanity became a race of light-travellers, and got away to explore plains new - far away from the primitives. Humanity had been an entirely peaceful race up until that point - I debated with myself whether or not to get stuck into the action; the war was a drain on research resources for both the grey men and humanity. I could have kept our noses clean right until the very end, but I felt like the grey men were humanity's sick pet - it was our duty to put them down ourselves rather than leave it to the vet. Blasting their home planet from space with nukes was the equivalent of pulling the plunger.See you in the next life, entire race of sentient creatures.It took 15 hours or so to complete that one match. I still smile at the memory of how it ended.Prepare to say ""Just one more turn and I'll go to bed"" and then look up to see the sun rising through your window. Fifteen hours goes *fast*.I'm looking forward to playing it again with a new race, but I know I'll have to set a week aside to actually do it. Difficult to pick up and play, you really want to go at it for hours at a time instead of piecemeal. Thoroughly recommend it though. Excellent music and voiceover work, made me feel inspired in the way that space orchestra really should do - to put forth your most noble effort to expand your race's horizon. The mood shifted significantly when I declared war, and it had a feel of DEFCON to it; nobody truly wins. It was perfect.Rank this as one of my favourite games on Steam."
76561197989556646,Recommended,298050,21717848,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,elric72,so far so good but the galaxy could be bigger  like the huge setting on the others
76561197975888939,Recommended,298050,22775668,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,MooFreaky,"After the disaster that was MoO3, this is a very welcome addition to the Master of Orion series.It isn't a clone of MoO2, which will upset some people.  Things are altered, removed and added.  Don't let the idea that things are changed or removed make you think that depth has been diminished.People's nostalgia for MoO2 will probably cause some negative feedback for this game, as they see any alteration as heresy.  However, this game is going in the right direction.  Things are being added, adjusted and reworked to get the correct balance of old and new.There are numerous races, which are becoming increasingly distinct as the developers progress.  The tech tree is more akin to the Civilization series than the distinct and entirely seperate branches of pervious MoO games, but it works well.The combat is real time, but the developers have been listening to the userbase and have added the ability to pause, and various options to make the game not feel like a click heavy rts.The developers have been top notch, working with and listening to the community.  They clearly love the property and want to make a great game that will appeal to both the newcomer and to Master of Orion veterans.  That is not an easy line to walk when there is so much love (and for such a long time) for a previous entry to a series.Definitely worth a try.  Definitely worthy of the acclaimed Master of Orion series.But please go into the game without the blinkers of demanding a clone of MoO2."
76561197993971518,Recommended,298050,23881164,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,J.Tarwin,"When I was a kid, MOO 2 blew me away. As an Adult, the new MOO is much like MOO 2 with updated graphics & sound and a much better combat system. I really enjoy this new game (even with its little faults). It may not be perfection, but it is a lot of fun."
76561198030840212,Recommended,298050,21914955,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,michaeljebber,"Ok gang. When is the next update coming?  Can only play ""early access"" as a partially complete game for so long.  You're losing us to other titles soon..."
76561198006571507,Recommended,298050,21904266,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,butlerrichard47,i enjoyed playing the races that you could play now and i know there are alot of bad reports on this game but they are wrong and as you have told everyone this is a bets verion of the game and when you get done of the game and we can play all the races and more add to it .aand yes i would tell my friends to play this game. and keep up the good work guys and ladys .
76561198119198536,Recommended,298050,22066779,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,NickelDern,"When I go to the Single Player screen, I'm not shown the options that you can choose from(I can only use 'escape' to go back to the main menu)."
,Recommended,298050,22069863,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Elder Nero,"When I found out the Collector's Edition was out, I instantly purchased it. As a long time fan of 4X strategy games, and Master of Orion veteran, I walked into this with high expectations. That being said, I also understand this is a work in progress. There is still plenty to be implemented, and I generally agree with the direction the game is going in. From its earliest version, to the current, Master of Orion delivers an unparallelled experience. One, that I may add, was what I was hoping to see in Galacitic Civilizations III. I did not.So I recommend Master of Orion to any experienced player, to those new to the series, as long as the individual in question understands that this is a work in progress. You may like it, you may not. However, we are at the stage where our input can help improve the game so that everyone may like it."
76561198049165489,Recommended,298050,34218564,Posted: 13 August,all,lbingman2,"I don't know why everyone hates this game. I played all the old ones and this one is fun as well. If you liked the old one's, you'll like this one too."
,Recommended,298050,21474052,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,IDED,Not being a player of the previous games I am reviewing this from the perspective of a player fresh to the series.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=636600826As you can see from the above video the game looks very nice in 1080p with a easy to handle ui.There are a few elements that might not be obvious when starting out as fleet movement does happen automatically at the end of the turn but you can move it during the turn manually.The voice acting is great as you would imagine given the all star cast hired for this title.Gameplay seems quite addictive but that could just be that new game feeling we all get after downloading a game you just purchased but so far it seems worth the price put on it.Pros- Game is reasonably quick to pick up and play.- Looks good and plays well even on max settings.- The game has a lot of depth of gameplay and tech with enough species to play as to make it rewarding to play again and again.- Even with the depth a noob like me can still quite easily get their head around the mechanics and play and have a chance of winning but I guess this is also a con due to it meaning more experienced players will find the game a push over.- Customize your fleet the way you want it with tech you unlock as you play.- With no prior knowledge of the game you will come to it without hang ups thus accepting it for what it is rather than what it isn't.- No unskippable cut scenesCons- Walking away from a game and coming back to it can be daunting as trying to establish what you were up to even a day or so later is a hell of a thing to do.- The tactical battle simulations seem slow and hard to watch in or out of cinematic view.- Ai seems quite simple currently and does not offer a lot of challenge on its standard setting.- There is no woarning that making some choices with one race will automatically disable those same options with others even if you reverse them later.- People who played the game previously have told me its lacking in a few respects comparred to their nostalgic view of the second game.10/10 would jump into a series on the 4th installment again :P
76561198009427170,Not Recommended,298050,25990901,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,brandonsjp,"I am and always will be a huge fan of MOO and Moo2.      This is not either of those, although enjoyable in its own way, key aspects of the game are missing or not thought of at all.      Items such as, invade and conquer being a way to steal technologies.    One would think you would find the odd plasma rifle or personal shield laying around after you kill your enemy.Secondly, the space combat has almost NO elements of the original game in it.    Yes its ""real time"" big deal.    The original and the original sequel were best because each ship could be controlled to an enth degree.Also what ever happened to Ship to Ship marine fights?     One of the best aspects of MOO 2 was the ability to take over the enemies ship with transporters and scrap the ship later to get key tech.     Seriously????  Did these guys play the game at any length other than on the easy setting.All in all an OK game, but it needs more refinment."
76561198030702209,Recommended,298050,22264485,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,DJV,"I don't understand all the negative reviews -- it seems like mere trolling rather than making salient points about the game. Sure, there are some flaws -- IT'S IN BETA, guys!  After seeing the negativity, I was surprised to find out how much fun the game is!  The interface is slick and easy, and that's a big deal in a 4x game.  If you're going to spend hundreds of hours playing, the UX has to be good.  And it processes turns super fast.I'm glad I bought it and ignored the sourpuss reviews.  It's pretty funny to see people saying how horrible the game is, then you see that they have hundreds of hours playing!  Really?!? If it's that horrible, why did you waste all those days of your life playing it?"
76561198040163594,Recommended,298050,24186046,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,louseybum,i think masseffect would make a good mod for this game.just my opion.
76561198013431548,Recommended,298050,24350879,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Stretch Bumstrong,"Really Good Space strategy, really draws you in, like all games it could be improved but its much better than galactic civs etc"
,Recommended,298050,25239541,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Salty Bulldog,So far I'm really enjoying the game. The art work is so pretty cool and interesting. Each of the races seem different and  fun to play as. Well worth the money in my opinion. Needs a lot of work to make it a GREAT game. But I believe it's still good right now.
76561198030499601,Recommended,298050,21502665,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,jason,Excellent game! Its a mix between the old and civilization - a must buy!
76561198097864218,Not Recommended,298050,29884687,Posted: 12 February,all,DaBlarg,Cannot play this. I logged in probably 10K hours in MOO2..can't play this...doesn't matter what I do/build/etc cannot win. and this is on lowest difficulty. this game is broken. then I figured I'd mod it so I can at least get a few hours of play out of it and not be a complete waste of money. omg...the modding process is like getting a lava fingered prostate exam. I don't think anyone could make it more of a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥ 1/10 I had such high hopes for this game. completely dissapointed. I've never even bothered to write a review for anything online before.
76561197968344729,Recommended,298050,21515636,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,ThisIsCrispy,"Excellent spiritual successor to MOO2 but not very groundbreaking. Exactly what most people probably would have wanted if they loved MOO2Most of the tech from MOO2 is there, but the tree is a bit harder to understand. The interface is improved in some ways and worse in others, but not painfully so, just weird and needs some polish.The combat is in real time but it doesn't feel like that adds very much, or it's just me. I just kind of let the computer handle the fleet movement because at the start of each battle the ships are just placed based on some internal game logic, so you have little control there.The ships are beautiful though and the first time you field a titan feels pretty awesome.Needs  a little more variation in some of the dialogue or else it becomes annoying (The psilon guy's comment after EVERY SINGLE RESEARCH ITEM COMPLETION is the same annoying phrase, I stopped wanting to research new things!). But it's in early access so what are you gonna do?Seriously, it's every MOO game out there plus an early access beta that's decently playable for under $50. If you like 4x like at all what are you still reading for go buy it dummy."
76561198015283722,Recommended,298050,22088102,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,MasterPLR,"Still got a long way to go, but this game got the potential to reach Endlesspace level"
76561197988807874,Recommended,298050,21856704,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Lord Bubba,"Never played MOO; have played MOO2 and if MOO:CTS is a spiritual remake of the MOO2, the developers have a ways to go. But on an up beat note, I would recommend this game when it is completed. I enjoy the early access game enough that I look forward to the completed version."
76561198067074307,Recommended,298050,32854711,Posted: 27 June,all,srbock,I cant believe that 1/3 of the reviews for this game were negative.  I think this is the best of MOO. I played all of the previous MOOs. MOO2 was my favorite and I believe the favorite of most people. This latest incarnation takes MOO2 and greatly improves it. The graphics are great.  All the old races are back with much better graphics and the voice acting for each ambassador is great. There are many new inovative features that make the game more interesting than ever.  I have played the game through twice already.  500 turns is not enough to totally research the technology tree so I am now playing a huge map with all the races for 1000 turns. The only bad thing about the game is that I find it addicting and have to force myself to stop playing and go to bed. I would highly recommend this game.
76561197978085518,Not Recommended,298050,21472242,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Jolf,"First of all I'd like to point out, that this review isn't meant to be completly negative. I think Wargame is on a good way to create a appropriate follower. I'll personaly change it to thumbs up, if Wargame consider some very simple changements.I played the old Microprose Game Title and I was addicted.Here my Pros and Contras for a Game which is really nearby Master of Orion 2, but which is not able to beat the old Masterpiece:+ Interface looks nice and polished, the most menus were kept.+ Game looking beautiful now+ Basic Diplomacy (except of little changements) were kept. I was so lucky about that!!!+ You are still playing on a Galaxy map which looks familiar to the good old one.+ You'll have the oppurtunity to cutomize your race!! Thumbs up for this.+ You are still able to design your ship and Equip it with special systems and Weapons.+ The most of the buidlings are quit the same as in MOO2, except of some new buildings. I cannot really give a good feedback to them yet.+ All old races have been considered+ Early Access works without any crashes, MP wasnt tested yet.+ You'll have now the oppurtunity to upgrade your ships (Blueprint and ships which are at colonies) immediately after absolving the research project. Nice!+ You are having now several Victory conditions (similar to Civ Games). Score, Conquest or be eleceted at the council of the galaxy.+ GNN are great!Now the Cons:- Colony Management changed a bit, not much. I still prefer the Management of MOO2 and the handling, which was much better and easier in 1990!!!!- I really tried to like the new ""tactictal"" combat. Instead of the old MOO2 it's not turn based anymore. It's now real time strategy, which looks and feels a bit too simple. On the one hand you'll save more time during the combats, which is basicly good for MP sessions. And you'll notice your special systems and weapons from you designs. On the other hand, you feel a bit helpless. Because even if you gave an order, the ships are going to attack automaticly, all ship categories are gathered to a group, you cant select a single ship. Then, you are not able to create real tacticts like in MOO2. Where you maybe activate or deactivate weapons and systems, because you was waiting for the right moment to use them. So, I'm still not sure, the only thing I know that it hasn't satisified me. Good thing: It looks beautiful and for a ""Wargame"" there is a lot of action, nice feature is the action cam ;))- Ground combat = sucks! Completly unspectacular, uggly without any action or sth. Wargame....are you serious? Hope you're going to improve this one.- The baddest thing is, that every game you are going to start is limited to 500 turns. Yeah, you are right WTF???? Why you guys are going to set a limit for the game? PLEASE WARGAME JUST SET THIS ONE OPTIONAL!!! WE SHOULD HAVE THE DECISION!!!- Okay, it's early access at the moment, but the game felt a bit too easy and a bit more to fast than MOO2. I played the Bulrathi empire and I've been very rich (very quickly I have to say) and I haven't less technologies than the Psilons had. And, I just had 3 colonies the Psilons had 8!!! Everybody who played the old MOO2, knows that this would quite impossible then =). Even If I fought against them, we had the same technology. They usually should be very strong when they having 8 colonies. Old players will know what I mean.However, I like the game anyway. But, as long if the cons will be exsists, I cannot give it a thumb up. Wargame, well done for now, you are almost nearby finish a very good follower! Please don't ♥♥♥♥ one of the best Gameplays ever been created in history of PC-Games.Hope that was helpful for all of ya out there in the stars =P.FINAL REVIEW: GAME =♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198014804715,Recommended,298050,21690937,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,TB191,"Keeping in mind that this is early access, I really like this game already. I never played the original games so I don't really care about the changes as long as this game is fun. It seems most of the negative reviews are coming from fans of the originals and I can understand, but I judge the game as is without the nostalgia baggage.The game has a polished look and feel to it but it is also missing a lot of features and depth (AI should be better, diplomacy is not great and the game is way to easy). They really nailed the UI and design of the overall game. Some minor bugs with numbers and text, but that is to be expected. I really hope this game will be fully fleshed out and I hope it will be a great game. Normally I dislike EA and almost never participate, but after watching some youtubers play this game I was swayed and don't regret it.It already is fun, but it needs more work to become a great game. I am optimistic."
,Not Recommended,298050,21528307,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Dr.Acula,"Second Update EA Version 2:Short version:The game is shallow in its current state and doesn't even come close to MoO2. I can't recommend it as it is now. I hate how the starlanes system has been implemented.The longer version:I've completed one match through a council victory after about 8 hours. Now in the second EA phase I'm in an active campaign on hard as Terran. I've got to my breaking point in terms of frustration with the game.First of all let me say that visuals look nice and the performance is pretty good. The controls and UI work for the most part, but some things are still bugged (it's an early version),Research:From what I've seen the research system is not to bad. It's actually working pretty well even though it has been moved closer to what Civilzation does. A different approach would've been more interesting. Most technologies provide you with several unlocks to improve your empire. Sometimes however you have to make choices. This is always where it gets interesting. Do I take the faster ships or do I go for the better bombs for example? At the moment the spy system has not been implemented so your choices matter even more if you're not creative.Diplomacy:The diplomacy system is weak. I've made a few deals with the AI, but at a certain point when you start expanding and growing. Trade agreements are extremely weird. You first have to pay a pretty hefty sum only to have an increased income per turn for a limited number of turns. Due to the high initial sum I actually have my doubts that it brings in much profit. Why not have a penalty per turn in the beginning and the longer it runs the better it pays until the agreement is cancelled? It worked much better in MoO2. In addition the AI is just insanely arrogant. In my last game even on neutral ground every single race always demanded every BC I had plus 10-20 BC per turn and one of my best planets as compensation. It just doesn't make any sense. When in the beginning it was possible to do agreements after about 100 turns everything went completely nuts. I only had one race I had ""decent"" relations and with them I made an alliance. But even they demanded these stupid compensations for fair trades like technology exchanges. Oh and lets not forget the unreasonable demands like ""give us 512 BCs and your great planet that is extremely far away from our empire"". And they get angry when I refuse?Ship Design:The things I completely hate are the ship design system and the combat. I have no idea what they were thinking when they designed that. Every ship type has a predefined number of slots. The engine, armor, shields and targeting computer is almost the same as in the old games. However the weapons and special systems are a pain to handle. When you implement a new weapon system the numbers are extremely confusing. Sometimes the dps is lower but the overall attack is higher. Changing a weapon to heavy doesn't even change the dps and usually lowers the overall attack value compared to standard weapons. In the end I've only used standard weapons and ignored the upgrades and my ships where always superior to any AI ship. Btw. whenever you research new technology for ships the game always tries to upgrade all of you existing designs. But it doesn't really tell you what exactly the change does. It increases or lowers the building price and provides some icons on what appears to be upgrades, but the auto upgrade usually made the ships worse and I always had to fix the setup afterwards.Tactical Combat:The combat system is just there. You have barely any influence on what happens during the combat. You see your ships flying in. You then start in Pause mode in which you can assign a target. However you can't specify what weapons you'll use or how specials are used. You can change the formation, but even that system is implemented poorly. In addition I can't control single ships to pull the damaged ships back. If I select one ship and issue a command, the others do the same. Also the AI does an awfull job with firing and targeting. Hey look my ships have frontal assault weapons. What do we do? Park the ships in a way so they can't fire. So in short the combat system is complete c*** even with the most recent upgrades. Also it's funny how a fleet with a much higher military rating (120.000 vs enemy 80.000) gets completely obliterated. The best thing at the moment pretty much is to simply simulate the combat and just wait for the result. It's more likely to have a good result compared to the so called ""tactical combat"" anyway.Travel:Let's talk about the most controversal topic => starlanes. In general I don't really like the idea behind starlanes but I could get behind it if was implemented in a good way. Well, it isn't! The current travel system makes travel sloooooooooow. Let's say you want to go from system a to system b and you have 2 systems in between. Even with the best engines in this case travel time will be at least 5 turns. Why? Well let me explain the route your ship will take:1. Turn => Move from start point to jump point2. Turn => move to next system3. Turn => move to next jump point4. Turn => Move to next system5. Turn => Move to target locationThis is only with two systems in between. The bigger your empire gets the more systems you have in between and even with the best engines it's possible to have 2-3 turns when traveling between two connected systems. The Stargates help a bit, but you have to consider where you place them because they are pretty expensive (5BC per turn/gate on hard).A much better implementation would have been if your ships have a certain distance they can travel each turn and it doesn't matter whether you enter a system or move between jump points.Other Stuff:Planet leaders / ship captains are gone. Your ships do not gain any XP neither. So it doesn't matter how many battles your fleet does, the crews do not get better at their job. It's all narrowed down to technology. Whenever you get something new and shiny you should have enough credits available. Upgrading ships has been moved closer to civilization. All upgrades are instantanious and are just costing money.What else is there? Well GNN is annoying. The news themselves are giving you a bit of information around how you are doing, but holy **** the talking of the robots is awful. The voice over has to be redone for this or remove it. It's neither funny nor entertaining. It just makes my eyes roll whenever I hear it. I haven't seen anything from the Antarans or other ancient aliens yet. There was some hint to it in the GNN news, but it's probably not in the game yet if it is there at all.Btw. we now also have barbarians....I mean pirates in the game. They are just there to annoy you. They can have their own little pirate outposts that provide you with money/population upon destruction. Again it's very similar to Civilization which seems to be the overall problem this game has. It tries to be Civ in space.I just don't understand why it seems to be so difficult to take games like MoO or MoO2, look at what both games had and then build on it. Why reinvent the wheel when it was working fine 20 years ago? There is still time to improve aspects of this new MoO, but as it is now I can't recommend it. The EA phase 2 update hasn't changed my opinion one bit."
76561198134218893,Recommended,298050,21791359,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Trustle,well i love it! But there should be more tactical battles or the option for it. some fights are just simulated ..... hm not  fun always. it also during choosing a race i multy player it crashed.this was and is a great game. the deplomicy is allittle odd but i get it.
76561198025104324,Recommended,298050,21955293,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,lev,"Absolutely needs the old MoO2 soundtrack as an option, and the fuel mechanic should come back. The rest looks good, though (surprise) not a fan of the realtime battles,"
,Recommended,298050,21922798,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,jakethomas9382,"I love the game... need to bring some of the basics back.MOO 2 has troop battle during invasion, and hero's that level up.It would also be cool to be able to attach a hero to a fleet for extra damage or armor Ect...and can you make the space factories be able to terra form planetspirates should be able to expand, and also have hero's.Please get the new content in, it's starting to lose it's replay value"
,Recommended,298050,21628471,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Naarzius,Finally a worthy sucessor!
76561198007106004,Recommended,298050,21518191,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,tk421-a,"Love it.  Brings back memories of MOO II.  If you were a fan of the old game, you'll love this one too.  I find the screen zooming out for event notifcation a little annoying and the large map isn't as large as MOO II, but besides that, it kept the spirit of the game to the core.  Loving every moment of this game.  In fact this is the only game I ever bothered putting in a comment.UPDATE APRIL 2016So, after countless hours and phase 2 fo EA here's what I've found;CONS- Map starlanes take away from the MOO2 experience and make it too easy to defend or hold territory for later stages of the game.- Map sizes are too small- Want to win?  Custom race > bonus to Production and income = outpace all races in production and cash flow and science.  Rinse and repeat.- Custom race:  where did Creative/Uncreative go?  Where did gov't type like Unification go?- Want to win Part 2?:  Mass colonize.  You get to a point where eventually the races will hate you for colonizing too quickly, but the bonus' you get from all the planets you own snowball into an unstopable machine.Did I mention Starlanes?  Kind of puts a huge damper on the mechanics IMOFleet ""battle points"" make it too easy when sizing up oponents...remove please!CONS OVERALL:- Game is made too linear, especially with the starlanes forcing natural choke points.  Just send a few ships to guard starlanes in systems you want, and hold them until you are ready.NOTE:  Still missing mechanics such as espionage, and boardring parties, etcPROS:- Upgrading system is good and allows for quick and easy upgrades to ships- Planetary managment is good and heading in the right direction- Got a good chunk of the MOO2 feel, with the races and GNNOVERALL PROS:It's getting there, slowly but surely.  I'm still optimistic that the Pro's outweigh the cons and seeing the progress from 1st stage release to 2nd gives me hopes they will reel in the line and keep it closer to the original instead of straying too far and making it a clone of some of the other more recent 4X games- Improvements from EA phase 1 to phase 2 are fantastic, keep up the great work, but please don't lose sight of MOO2"
76561198006557984,Recommended,298050,25234474,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Godfrey,"This is a great addition to the Master of Orion saga. Like all games when they first come out, there are some bugs that need to be worked out. Yet it is a fun game to play, even with the bugs.  If you liked the other Master of Orion games, or are looking for a space strategy game to play, this ones for you."
,Recommended,298050,22051201,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,TheEnglishTeacher,"The new Master of Orion is a good game. The graphics are excellent. The tech tree is well thought out. The interactions with the other alien species is very good. I enjoy plaing it. There are, however, some things I would like to see in the game. 1. The copy that I have does not have all the races in it. The last four ones are blocked for some reason. (I would also like to see the Elerians in it).  2. I cannot seem to access the racial improvement list - that is - the custom means of designing one's own race is not available. 3. The automatic design of ships when a new tech is discovered seems to change all of a ship's design, and not simply the improvement made. If I, for example, had an armor upgrade because of a newly discovered tech, then the upgrade would change my fusion beams to mass drivers, for example. 4. For some reason i can only play on the ""Average"" difficulty level. 5. Finally, the maps need to be more diverse. I have played the same map 3 or 4 times now, and it starts to get pedantic. Keep up the good work! Rob"
76561197988449761,Not Recommended,298050,22831097,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Phantom,"I have played several hours, 4 complete play throughs, each with a different race and a different EA phase.Many of the Negative reviews below are quite accurate. The Tech tree is lacklust and has you choose between a temporary boost which will become useless in a few turns or a long term one. One that won't even be used anyway because the benefits don't really show up in combat.Combat is a hit or miss, most of the time. I have just seen the AI smash me with frigates (early/mid game) and Destroyers (mid/late game). I copied the AI and discovered the trick to fleet management. 1 or 2 large ships for show and brute force, and have them follow with dozens of destroyers to take the damage while the big ships crank out damage.Replace the destroyers in a few turns and get them back in the fight. A super fleet with only big ships will be worn out and will take way too long to replace. Unless you have cash to just buy it out.The best weapon is the missle and anything else really is a waste of time. The games PD does not seem to work very well. All of the PD weapons are stacked and thus fire as one, essentially firing on one missle, allowing missles that could have been fired on to hit your ship. This may have been fixed in EA3 but I keep getting bugs that rendered the game unenjoyable for me.The AI lacks any real flare and is quite boring and really just stands as a speed bump to Victory.The game does not have a feel for an epic space tale. It feels more like a game for competition/tournaments. The only thing that makes the game hours long is that it is turn based which it does not even need to be."
76561198022826312,Recommended,298050,21625081,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,cleric-k9,For an early release this game got potential and it is kinda cool to play it need some polish but all in all a nice game.Takes u back to the older mOO games but can only recomment it lots of vids cut screens lot of voice acting so feels complete.All in all get this game play with some freinds and enjoy becomming master of orion. :)
76561198037691526,Recommended,298050,22151525,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,HitSquad,"It is EA so I guess you can forgive some of the stuff.  The Ai needs some help, the space combat is horrible, ground combat is worse.  If you kill the guardian too early they try to auto update your ships into worse armor than the guardian's tech.  All that said it is fun, and you always want one more turn just like MOO2."
,Not Recommended,298050,29103928,Posted: 7 January,all,SouthernMouse,"tl tr: Won't recommend this game in its current state.After playing 80+ hours in this game I'm changing my review from positive to negative. Since many people are complaining about DLC is not given for free, game not that ""good"" as original MOO1 or 2, or some minor things most players are do not care about... to those I just want to say: You guys making things even worse. By killing game with worthless negative reviews you won't do any good except stop or slowdown development process. No one in the right mind will continue to invest money in development of the game that continuously rated negative by gamers community. Any game is a product and any product created to get a profit.However, despite my attempt to shield the game from negative reviews I have to give negative rating to this game myself. Unfortunately 80 hours of in-game experience reveled overwhelmed number of issues. I just can not recommend something that simply does not work and annoy me instead of helping relax and enjoy spent time. From top of my memory:After 500+ turns game simply becomes unplayable. There is untold rule that most players seems to be aware of: more time spent slower game becomes. In my experience after 650 turns game starting crashing every next dozen turns.On macOS there is no way to switch back to the Desktop without quitting game first. This leads to another problem: If game becomes non responsive (happens quite often) user has only one option - hard reboot of the system.I personally see no difference of enemy AI behaviour between Normal and Hard game difficulty levels. But generally everything what AI controls is source of annoyance. Your scouts on auto-explore will fly right to the system with pirate/enemy ships. While your empire has negative income auto-build on your planets will build structures that requires maintenance fee instead of concentrating on producing income or build structures that generates income, so you just go and manually change production on every planet you control. I think everything that ""auto-"" do something should be designed in the way to help user avoid repeatable actions and let concentrate on the fun part only correcting ""autopilot"" in rare cases. For those who likes to tune everything manually ""autopilot"" is not needed at all.Game mechanics very similar to game called Civilization specially in parts where you deal with other races. But if you copy other's game mechanics why not get everything right? There is no option to counteroffer proposal. You or accept nonsense offer AI proposing, or decline and worsen your relations. You can trade with AI while being in war through contacting race by offering to exchange captured spy. Why you actually can't trade all the captured enemy spies from same race at once?Oh, and most annoying thing: In some cases your ships just being attacked by AI without declaring war to you before and after the attack. You can also do the same thing and sometimes it work sometimes it doesn't, but if this is by design why not to sent some explanation to the player in form of notification e.g. ""Your ship just being destroyed because you're on other race territory, relations with race just gotten worse"". Being Engineer myself I can give advice: if something needs additional explanation it's not that good.There is so much more and so much more to come, probably due to game releases not being properly tested or wrong priories are set....and give one or two DLCs for free for those who paid for this game 60 bucks or something, you can send them redemption code to settle everything right."
76561198058550862,Not Recommended,298050,31795318,Posted: 16 May,all,drwonderbrook,"I have a lot of fondness for this intellectual property. I loved Master of Orion and Master of Orion 2 - so I bought this game. The graphics are nice and there are some interesting additions to the gameplay. I think the way the developers changed the tactical command system is particularly interesting. However, this game doesn't feel finished and is certainly not worth what I paid for it. Gameplay is unstable. It crashes frequently. For example, it is faster to turn off and restart my computer, reload the game, and work through 2 or 3 turns than to wait for the game to save and exit. The game frequently becomes unresponsive like this. Game play is also frustrating. In the late game it takes 3 or 4 minutes for a turn to pass and the commands become unresponsive. My ships stall and take two or three turns to become responsive while the enemy makes two or three turns worth of movements.If I had known that this game wouldn't be finished when I bought it, I wouldn't have. Save yourself time and money and frustration and replay Master of Orion 2."
76561197965975187,Recommended,298050,25162535,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,The Keen,"Such a good game, it's right there with orion 1 and orion 2"
76561198016392052,Not Recommended,298050,25456663,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Neil,"This game looks great. However the gameplay lacks any sort of depth. The A.I players just focus on the human players and quickly becomes a you versus 5 of them situation. Developers usually fall back on this when they can't finish a game. Which is surprising - a game this old should have an acutal balanced, repeatable gameplay - plays as unfinished."
76561197960474155,Recommended,298050,21481343,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,tmisgod,UPDATE EA phase 3 The new ship design is absolutly ♥♥♥♥ing horrible. way to ♥♥♥♥ it up even more.very good for an early access but far far far too easy right now. not a challenge at all. beeds the harder ai enabled quickly before people lose interest
,Recommended,298050,21643998,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,JeffSachs,I enjoy it
76561198007078407,Recommended,298050,22112919,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Daburn,"Very stable for an early access title. As a veteran Master of Orion player (especially MOO2) I think so far the game looks and feels like an Orion title, however there are still several WIP areas as normal for an early access in the middle of development which makes it hard to rate it.So far enjoying it and the 1st major update brought several improvements into the right direction. Looking forward to future updates."
76561197964398012,Recommended,298050,22242432,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Waka Waka,"Of the 3 past games, most similar to MOO2 with a bit of Sins of a Solar Empire pulled in. I'll edit this review once the final game is released, but for now, I'm enjoying the game."
76561198064728430,Recommended,298050,21553009,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,[TBT] Hisuka,I like it!
,Recommended,298050,21655192,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Azio,"As a fan of Master of Orion, I would totally recommend this game for what it has delivered already as a solid platform in the Early Access it currently is. There are some features and civilizations still missing and it's a bit bland in certain areas, such as combat and diplomacy. As is espionage completely missing(?). But for the feeling of creating a narration of your own spin on your historic empire, I believe they are right on track. Just with a bunch of additional features and indepth gameplay elements I believe this game is surely worth your money.8.2/10"
76561198071791618,Recommended,298050,22161471,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Zakalwen,"Full disclosure: I never played any of the original MOOs. I came into this one blind wrt to its lineage, just looking for a decent space 4x and for me, it ticks all the boxes. The asthetics and sound are superb, really catches that old style soft-SF theme without seeming out-of-date. The game play is simple but solid. If you're into micromanagement this might not be the game for you, it doesn't take much effort to manage an empire with twenty or so planets, although there is enough micro to make you have to think about how you're going to develop and use those planets.I've read some crticism and debate over the star lane FTL system: you can't travel anywhere but can only jump to nearby systems making the map a network. I find the system quite refreshing. It creates some good tactical scenarios like grabbing systems, even if they have bad planets, because they are choke points for travel. It can make it difficult to send ships out in the later game without open border treaties but overall I think it works.The game is still in Early Access but it seems nearly finished. Could do with a little polish on the bugs side (mostly graphical) and there's still some fleshing out that needs to be done but even in its current state its a lot of fun. Fingers crossed it will continue to improve."
,Recommended,298050,21509041,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Taros,"This was written while the game was still in early access, some features may be changed in that time.First off; this is not an MOO HD remake, leave your expectations in the 90's.This is an entirely new game and should be approached as such.Honestly even though i would have preferred the new MOO to make a complete break with the old core turn-based mechanics, barring some minor hickups, the core gameplay is fairly stable and has a fairly good flow, though honestly there is nothing that could not have been done real-time at present.The best addition has to be the very cinematic feeling Real-time battles though, the AI (when this review was written) was fairly simple and could use considerable improvement to provide some true tactical challenges, that being said there is plenty of room for tactical master all the same.With optimization and time this will shape up to be a great 4X title when all the wrinkles get ironed out.Worth a look."
76561198065080864,Recommended,298050,21511026,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,thraven,"I played Master of Orion when it originally came out, and it has always been one of my favorite games (except MoO3, every franchise has a hiccup).  I was skeptical when I heard that it was going to be brought out again, but after several hours playing, I find it hard to stop playing this game.  Yes, it is still early access, but the original feel of the game is still there.  I am looking forward to more pieces of the game to be added in."
76561198028316361,Recommended,298050,21467431,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Spacy Cadette,"The good:  It feels like MOO 2The bad: It feels like MOO 2.  Honesty, if MOO 2 wasn't your thing (say you want 10k+ solar systems, etc) than this isn't the game you want.PS, still in beta as of this post - I expect that it will flesh out a lot as time goes on, with your workers being given the auto-build features, etc. that just are not in the game right now.  If beta games are not your thing, than delay your purchase a while, as this feels very beta at this point."
76561197996248124,Recommended,298050,21585944,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,AJ.G.,"Like many others, I grew up with Master of Orion 1 and 2 and (after the dissapointing MoO 3) waited for a very long time for a worthy sequel.So far, Master of Orion looks that it might be that sequel, though given that its early access, it is too early to tell for sure.Right from the start, the game feels very familiar to a veteran MoO 2 player. You can tell that this game was made by people who know and love the MoO franchise. Most changes made to gameplay (like starlanes) are minor in nature and, at least in my opinion, make sense. The ship designer in particular is still there and not too different from MoO 2  (You can still outfit you ships with tons of different weapons and specials, as well as modify the weapons themselves - missles, beam weapons, point defense, firing arcs, ecm jammers, fighter / bomber bays, you name it).The only real big change is the - much discussed - replacement of the turn based space combat with a (pauseable) real time version. While I am not to stoked about this myself, I do not think this is the end world, and - if done right - might even a good thing. Unfortunately, given that the A.I. is very limted so far in Early Access (the A.I.  difficulty is set to average for now), I have not been able to experience any battle involving two large fleets so far, where you could truly test the depth of the real time combat system.Just to be clear (because I have seen wrong information about this), the combat is not merely a interactive movie, like (unfortuantely) in games like Endless Space. You have full control over the ships, i.e. you can designate targets, maneuver the ships and manually activate specials on the ships.Anyhow, whether you think that MoO is a worthy sequel or not, it at the very least looks to have the potential to be an excellent 4X game,"
76561198135853039,Recommended,298050,22045133,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,tedasaurs,I would Like a Unlimited Turns in Single Player Games  Thank You for the Fun Playing MOO :-)
,Recommended,298050,21466895,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Scorch,"I'm still early in my first play through but it feels just like how great you remember the original. Really well done! Looking forward to trying all the various ways of winning even now. The polish level is that of a shipped game, nothing feels early access other than some races not being available."
76561197988185529,Recommended,298050,21895518,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,wpmaura,"Have to admit, I starting off really not like this game. But its not to shabby.Apart from leaders and Turnbased combat everything else is in there or will be in there as there adding stuff every two weeks or so.I like the addition of moon bases and asteroid mining etc.To be honest the RT combat is somewhat pretty and nice to watch. wish they had more combat maps though but this is early access.This game is defiantly a a Masters of Orion game and its every bit as good as the original."
76561198025439266,Recommended,298050,22072089,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,yeza,"they didnt try to make something new out of the master of orion game series and i am totally okay with it. it feels somewhat like master of orion II, with better graphics and very nice voice acting and good music. it's still in early access, but has most of its functionality already present. what i dont like about it is the realtime spaceship battles and there could be a lot more customization options in ship design. it needs the exact or even more depth in this area as master of orion II had and a round based combat system. the AI is currently also pretty bad.in all it seems to be a decent sequel, but with a few bugs and things that need to be adressed and changed during this development phase. i hope they'll make it as good as MOO2 was, in my eyes still the best 4X space game in existence yet.+ nice graphics+ good voice acting+ good overall remake of the MOO genre+ mobile space factory for special construction tasks in a system- no round-based space combat option- not enough ship customization options- not enough ship designs to choose from- weak combat AI- some of the classic weapons are missing(for example: tri-focus plasma, ion- and neutronstreamprojector, pulse-phaser)- the deathray, mauler-device and stellar converter have a bad damage to size ratio in the late game. for example a full complement of plasma cannons or disruptors is far more powerful then an array of deathrays, mauler devices or a stellar converter. MOO2 had the same issue with this weapons."
,Recommended,298050,21899335,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,michaelm75,"I was in two minds about getting this after a few bad Early Access experiences. But I loved the older MOO2/3 games during school/uni times.The current game state isinterestingbut not too exciting. In some cases it can be a bit boring, but it still has great potential.Limited races and AI should be improved at some time. Current graphics are good, but as with any modern game, G/CPU does tend to get heavy use which increases the stress on PC.At the moment, I am optimistic about it."
76561197991938925,Recommended,298050,21476357,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Grendle,Great game so far would recommend to any 4x fan
76561198018351707,Recommended,298050,21613094,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Louisjrt,"Long time MoO lover, especially MoO 2 and this game is...This game is already great in its early access state!Sure it still needs some improvement (some text logs and gear description get lost ""outside of the text box"" at some point) and it should at the very least get an option for turn based combat (MAKE THAT OPTION AVAILABLE DAMN IT!), but I already can tell that this is the experience I was wishing for!OH WAIT I ALSO GET ALL THE 3 OLD GAMES WITH IT? well, in a world were you get a single ""fully-bugged-yet-considered-finished-game"" for 80$ [Far cry, Fallout, Oblivion... all of which I loved but still...], this MoO game almost feels like a discount at full price!"
76561198008582160,Recommended,298050,21454591,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,TheMetalfreak360,"Really liking it so far, the style, the feeling, everything is amazing so far.Stable good Early Access game, I recommend it.Ofc, with ""recommend"" I say that people that like strategy games will like this one, if you are not, then don't expect this one to blow you away."
76561198297872410,Recommended,298050,22419236,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,dwadeh99,"This game is a nice update from older versions.  However, I'm not sure why they decided to place real time combat into a turn based game.  The strategy in combat is very limited.   The ships don't always follow orders exactly.   In the old game you could do stuff like turn your ship to the side which has more shields.  No such strategies to be found here."
76561198084717494,Recommended,298050,21497728,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,JacobKTan,"I bought this on the first day(Friday Feb 26, 2016), got home from work and played until 3 in the morning. I will say in no uncertain terms, that I absolutely love the game and am going to be spending the whole weekend playing this game. There are no or very few bugs that I have noticed. It's already one of my favourite 4x games, I hope to play it for a very long time. And on a side note the voices of Michael Dorn and John de Lancie really add a lot for me as I am a huge Star Trek fan.The only issue that I have with this game is that the A.I. is not effective at building a large empire or even exploring the galaxy(I'm currently playing a large spiral galaxy), all AI species only have contact with 1 other race, and myself. Also the AI let me build a massive Empire and no one even declared war on me, they all despise me but are so afraid of me that they aren't willing to fight me. I don't really mind that the AI doesn't want to fight me though I just wish that they were large enough to pose a challenge to me when I decide to invade.It is early access and I hope that there are many improvements still like:-Improved AI Empire management-More control in space battles-Customiseable racial traits-The ability to easily import a potrait for a custom race-More ship classes and/or styles"
76561198027096650,Recommended,298050,21607689,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,f_adrianzen,"There is much to be done in the game but that didnt stop me for playing for 10 hours straight, I can't wait to have the final version. The angry reviews seem to forget that this is EARLY ACCESS."
76561198004788364,Recommended,298050,25194188,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Beans,"I was worried it might be a repeat of what happened with Master of Orion 3, but it does feel like the classic, which is great!A better description would be to say it plays like MoO 1 & 2, with the control scheme of Civilization. That's not a bad thing actually. Just keep in mind that the ""Space Factory"" is a new thing. I went half the game wondering how the enemy was building outposts while I couldn't."
76561198086293705,Recommended,298050,25164733,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Dragon Equinox,"Update:I still enjoy playing this game, for what it is, a streamlined, rapid-fire galactic chess game rather than a fully-developed 4X title. The AI could still benefit from improvement; added depth would make this title a little more replayable. However, after purchasing and playing Stellaris, I have to say Stellaris is the superior 4X game by a light year, particularly with the new Utopia expansion features. The interface and graphics of MoO:CtS are more polished, but for pure galactic game-play joy, I recommend Stellaris.Original Review:As another big fan of the original MOO games, 1&2, I've been struggling whether to recommend this remake. It was in pretty rough shape when the first Early Access edition was released (realeased too soon, if you ask me.)  However, since then the developers have really listened to the playerss feedback, and they have dramatically improved the game experience. Overall, I am very happy with the game. It perfectly captures the Master of Orion experience. The graphics, sound design, and control architecture are flawless. The most important feature - the AI has significantly improved. Diplomacy has significantly improved. Ultimately, I find the game to be just as addictive as the original title.I do have a few caveats. I'm not a fan of the mostly linear tech tree. I wish combat were a little more interactive. (I don't mind that it's not turn-based.)  I wish the game had a little more depth, with more developed trade, economy, governors, heros, land assults, greater depth with Orion technology and the missing Antarans. However, minor races will eventually be added, and the developers are planning to open the game for mods. Yay!!!Ultimately, I have to say the game is exactly what I wanted it to be - an addictive, streamlined, intergalactic MOO chess game with a modern face-lift. Cheers to the developers for resurrecting one of my all-time favorite games!"
76561198007094553,Not Recommended,298050,31554061,Posted: 4 May,all,Badboy,"NIce game with totally broken saving system in late game ,  One save file could take over 600mb , and waiting time between turns could take 15 minutes , it totally brakes any enjoy from game ..."
76561198052406359,Recommended,298050,21914958,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,dravenkain1981,"Brings back a lot of the classic feel of orion, love the better graphics, love the voice actors, wish their was more inter action with the races still trying to figure out the diplomacy, i really love the nastalgic experince"
,Recommended,298050,21542893,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Tornado Punch,"Love this remake.Of course, it's only Early Access. But even then, you can still feel that MoO2 magic. It's there, and with time and more development, it'll (hopefully) come screaming to the surface.And then you realise that you got the horrid MoO3 in the collection, and you think ""WON'T SOMEONE THINK OF THE CHILDREN?!"" or something.*stuffs a Honey Badger in an F-22 cockpit and eats popcorn*"
48124810283412432,Recommended,298050,23367611,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,LUL,gr8 game m8
76561198006531977,Recommended,298050,23662811,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,firekyro,"Lots of shade being tossed around. I think most of what was wrong is now fixed. No more crashes, and most important the AI is actually holding its own on max hardness. First game in over 200 hours im actually running 3rd but its actually fun not dominating the galaxy. The rewrard is so much sweeter now. Another thing ppl should realize is each game has its niche if this doesnt strike you then play something else. I think they nailed it and its just going to get better. Great game guys."
76561198173782734,Recommended,298050,23249477,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Lucifer Morningstar,very enjoyable game a little to expensive
76561197995680609,Recommended,298050,25261932,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,echo2361,"I have to admit I was a skeptic when following the development of this game. As a fan of the classics I was worried about the direction this project was heading in, but after picking it up and playing it for a few hours I have to admit I am pleasantly surprised and enjoying myself quite a bit.I enjoy all kinds of space 4x games, from MOO2 to Stellaris to Endless Space to Distant Worlds to Stardrive to... you get the idea. This game may not be as ""complex"" as some of those I mentioned, but what it focuses on it does quite well. Incredibly strong presentation and a smooth UI make the game feel easy to grasp and fun to play. Late game colony management can be a drag, but I find I have plenty of fun playing on smaller maps. The AI seems quite competent too, which isn't always the case in most space 4x games. I can see myself coming back to this game over and over to have some fun and get a taste of that ""just one more time"" feeling I love about this genre so much. If you are looking for a good entry point to space 4x games, or you just want to have some fun, I say pick this game up.*Note that I actually like star lanes, at least the way they are implemented here, and the real-time combat offers enough control for me to enjoy it as well, but I understand those things can be show stoppers for some people."
,Recommended,298050,25260725,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Neuhmz,"I love this game, it is a great re awakening of the Master of Orion series. It plays like MOO II with all the fun and joking around of MOO I. I highly recommend it and thanks to the developers for bringing it back. to think it has been over a decade since the last release."
76561198012783205,Not Recommended,298050,31728897,Posted: 13 May,all,SilverFlame,"Not recommended. Tactical combat is horrible as you have little actual control over your ships. Tactical combat is disabled in multiplayer mode. AI's are horribly idiotic and offer ridicilous deals, only to become angry when you refuse.Seems more like an early beta, than an actual game.Also: Why the h*** is a savegame 177mb in a small galaxy? How bloated does bloatware become? Game is 15GB, where the original was 8mb, or so. What on earth is going on when a 15GB game is less playable than its 8mb 1996 predecessor?I'll get right back to MoO 2."
76561197972920706,Recommended,298050,25212285,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Hungrycats,"Great music, graphics, gameplay. Really captures the original game well. HOWEVER, it seems extremely resource-intensive. You have to expect the game to take many turns to resolve, yet after 350 (I played to about 500) I was spending more time waiting for AI to complete turns than I was spending on my own turns. I have an I7 8 core chip and 16GB of RAM, this looks to me like unoptimzed code. So, yes, fun, but needs a patch."
,Recommended,298050,21534331,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,RobotArmy,"Master of Orion BOA was probably the best game design I have ever played, and the new version is even better.They need to do 2 things to make things perfect:- Create a competitive community = like MLG type of stuff- Add the other AI levels.  (Currently they are not implemented and the game is a little easy for those that  the impossible AI in MOO BOA was not impossible)"
76561198183068910,Recommended,298050,21863538,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,2fck_aduk,Great game but needs more races
,Recommended,298050,25201510,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,lovemytux,"Just started the game yesterday. I like the UI, simple and clean. I only tried the single player mode (noobie here). Also the Linux native port is smoothy and till now no performance problems at all. Good job there team."
76561197965753510,Recommended,298050,21550318,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Diche,"First off let me say, that in the hours i've played this game ive not had a crash or bug at all, its already very well polished if not lacking the full features and content of a final game.Im a big Civ 5 fan as well as 4x such as Sins of a Solar Empire, this game has elements of both. I played MOO when it first came out years ago, was never a fan boy so look as myself as unbiast in this review.This game is VERY good already and if you like games such as Civ 4 and Sins then you should definately consider this, it is early stages but is already very playable and very well done. I would highly recommend anyway who is a fan of turn based or 4x to get this now, theres plenty of hours of play in it.  If you are more casual then keep an eye on  this game and I would highly recommend buying once complete."
,Not Recommended,298050,32983585,Posted: 29 June,all,ZeroPointEnergy,"This game has some serious UI issues under Linux which makes it completely unplayable. Bug was reported over a month ago. No reaction or anything from the devs, seams like they already abandoned it."
,Recommended,298050,21861754,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,SimbaLion,"Faithful to the original. Good so far, for being an early release."
76561198041774716,Recommended,298050,22963358,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,silaqui_nailo,As far as the unique extra neutral citizens i actually like them. The game is slowly becomeing true to the classics wile addint in its own unique features.
,Recommended,298050,23657903,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Mogo,I like this game a lot!
,Recommended,298050,21640210,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Macsmansion,"Review for People New to this Fanchise (Like me)If you're not a 'long time fan' of theses games like me and you just want a soild 4x stratergy game to play then this is a good choice. I will mention the fact that you must remember this is an early access title because there are features missing however the base game they've laid out here is very well done and interresting to play. I can see where they're going to build on this game and, when complete, it could be fantastic.I am a huge fan of the Civilization fanchise and you can definitely where this game has pulled from the design of games like Civ 5 which in my experience gave me a good starting point to understanding what to do to play.In conclusionThis game still needs a lot of work still but it's fun to play and an exciting start."
76561198134875159,Recommended,298050,21621974,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,foremost29,"After playing Master of Orion for a couple of hours I find the game well put together!  I am a simple type of gamer, and I like the type of game this provides.  You can log in, pick a race, and start conquering the known galaxy.The only thing I think needs ironed out is the AIs diplomatic decisions.  I mean...why should I give up gold for a tech only to you to lose favor with me?  Or I give into your offer but I get no reputation for it at all?I am partial to space games, and when you have a big fleet and choose 'Tactical' and you see you smaller ships warp in followed by a Titan..it bring a smile to my face.I have also read some of the 'Not reccomend' posts and some are very hypocritical in that..they give ALOT of postives..with equal Negatives.  But I will reccomend this for anyone who wants to have a good time to waste a couple hours out of thier day."
,Recommended,298050,21986282,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,pango,It's a good game but be aware of 2 things:1. It's not really Master of Orion: it's a modern 4x game that happens to use the same races.2. It's a very polished but simplified game.
76561197999120455,Recommended,298050,21634977,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Jagerfunk,"MOO has always been a stake holder for gaming for me since the original.  This is no different.  Being an early release, there are sure for things to be improved upon but overall it is fun and enjoyable to play.  Seems like the Devs are taking suggestions seriously and upcoming improvements are highly anticipated.  If you like 4X games I suggest you try this (get the collectors addition to see the leaps from the original to now-and plus they are all fun!).  Don't be discouraged though, this is an early release and changes are going to be made.  I look forward to many more hours of gameplay even while in the inital release.  This is going to be really awesome."
76561198007372538,Recommended,298050,24149472,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Vexorg,"Great game, i give it two thumbs up.  Most of the features of MOO2 are in it except we have star lanes which honestly work out very well.  All that is left is some balancing which is on going during beta."
76561198160304850,Recommended,298050,31547941,Posted: 4 May,all,donovan_matt,"This game was O.K. It is flashy and feels a but like endless space with the u.i. It does not however live up to the last MOO games. Which had strategy on a massive scale, this is very scaled back. Maybe you have a dozen to 3 dozen systems. On the plus though each system has a great building list and U.I. for each planet, so every planet is worth alot rather then sectors or groups of worlds. It definitly doesnt live up to the raw 4x stlye of teh last games if thats what your looking for. It is still worth a playthrough though. The tech tree is fun, the ships are neat looking and the system for travel is good. Diplomacy is ok, although its prertty much might makes right and once your strong enough no one bothers with you. Until your strong enough its threat, then war, then peace repeat. the game tends to get a bit laggy near the end if you dont have a higher end machine, im due for an upgrade so i found it to be annoying, especially when waiting forever (1 + ) minutes for the turn to cycle through.Final verdict: good, not great. fun for awhile and not a regretfull buy. But  definitly not the immersive 4x mega galaxy detail oriented game that we all long for."
,Not Recommended,298050,28219743,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,[GoD] Alyas Grey,"With all the effort that was obviously put into making the game look good and run well, I am rather amazed that they didn't put forth the needed effort to make the game fun.  A lack of compelling, or even interesting, combat kills the experience and quite frankly the AI belongs in a third rate 4x not in a game carrying the greatest 4x title in gaming."
76561197967653232,Recommended,298050,21596060,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,lufalynx,"Early access...  The game has nice graphics and after several games there hasn't been a single crash.  The game is entirely playable, though some features are still missing (at this point).  The game resembles MOO2 more than MOO1.  It is entirely likable.  Even so, MOO1 would have been, IMO, a better game to reboot as the game flow in MOO1 was simply brilliant."
76561198049200835,Recommended,298050,24161403,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Soviet_WaffenSS,"Ignore the pretty obvious hate coming from those who are the elitist hardcore super 'fans'.Is this MoO 1 & 2?No.It is a remake of both those games into one.Its also still in early access, so yes there  are going to be bugs, problems, empty concepts/things they want to put in but havent yet.Have some bloody patience. Its not done yet. They said a MINIMUM of three Early Access phases.Do I like this? Yes.Would I recommend it? Yes.If you want to help with the devolpment phase, as of this writing, it is still in Early Access.Help make it a good game.(Elerians op as all ♥♥♥♥ btw, so thank you for not putting them in)"
76561198031695910,Not Recommended,298050,25402199,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,rieksluth,"Very, very disapointed! I liked MoO, I even liked MoO2 better, but this!! It is Endless Space overlaid with some aspects of MoO 2, but so SLOW! There is no way to move freely after researching the appropriate technoligy or select research properly. I am sorry I bought this!"
,Recommended,298050,24569844,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Baron Von'Badass,it needs work still but its a good game what i would like to see is some new ships i would ADORE a map editor! and a few... cheat codes like in the old game would be a nice add
76561198030616471,Recommended,298050,22153202,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,ositodefelpa,"There are a lot of reviews giving the pros and cons, so read them if you're looking for an in depth review.All I would say is:1. It's MoO in name only: name of the game, the techs, the buildings, the races and so on. But there are a lot of differences, so you won't necessarily like this just because you liked original MoO or MoO2.2. For me, it's a thumbs up because this is the first game in ages that has really given me that 'just one more turn' feeling. In that respect it's pure MoO, and I love it. What's more, it's pretty good in its present form, so I expect it to be great when complete."
76561198076835552,Recommended,298050,21482207,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,GelberVogel,"It gets better, they work for their money.It still does not have the feeling of MOO3.It is playable but i would recommend waiting for the final product and then for a steam offer, my playtime should  tell that it did not hook me up."
76561197985934092,Recommended,298050,21763288,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,lordkiron,"After last updates I changed my mind. The game is not ideal , but far better and comes much closser to prediscessors. I still lucks some UI tooltips explanations and the combat engine is far frm perfect, but it's not started to ""produce"" this undefinable substance called ""fun"".I leave the original review bellow for comperason:-----------------------------------------------------------------------Really disapointing.Can't pinpoint on exact reason, the game have ""all the right elements"" , but this is small things, the game is just ""too flat"" , no depth , no real interest. All too simple .And , yes, I aware that the game is not finished yet, I am sure a lot of content will be added later on, but my problem is with descissions already taken by the game designers, the game just does not have any ""taste"", any ""spice"".As from UI point of view I miss the tooltips thet were everywhere in original MoOs , even on disabled buttons.Tech tree is doll, GNN videos annoying but you better not skip them as they have usefull infrmation. The advisers, especially Alkari and Psilon are really annoying... voices... their lines...Battles are boring, personally I preffered turn based, but the RTS could be ok if done properly, here they are not.In general - looks better then failed MoO 3, but this is not a game I wanted, just another mediocre 4X game, not MoO successor."
,Recommended,298050,21731555,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Crazy,"Even in early access, the game is very good.Did not notice bugs, and it seens very polished.On first play it kept me playing for hours.Looking forward for the final version"
76561198030850580,Recommended,298050,21659128,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Warbird,"3/6It is already a good game.  With the addition of harder AI, spies, and custom races (and the 4 missing ones), this game will be 10/10.Update 4/25They made the AI harder, added spies, and added custom races.  They also improved random events and improved the news reports.  It really is a good game at this point.  They are rapidly improving it.  This should be a buy for any fan of 4x.Update 7/4The latest update inproved the AI further but they removed food and science production from startup colonies so they mostly start in a starving state.  This slows down the game tremendously and will need to be reversed.Update 8/13 EA7I do not understand why they made some very poor decisions on changes.  Planets now grow very slowly and the AI (on normal difficulty) has 20 planets and a 2000 point fleet when I have 10 planets and a 58 point fleet.  You read that right, 58 to 2000 on normal difficulty.  I have over 130 hours played now and over 1000 hours in moo2.  I am not a neophite.  The game has taken a major step backward in fun.   I'm hoping they reverse course and are still balancing the game.Update 8/31 Retail releaseWell they fixed the colony growth problems, rebalanced the AI so it is a fair fight, added several animations and an intro and a ton of other fixes.  It isn't perfect yet but it is a good game and a definite buy at this point if you want a 4x.  They have promised to add independent colonies and other upgrades for free.  Antarians will probably be a DLC."
,Recommended,298050,21479400,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Deflekted,"I have really enjoyed my first night playing this. Their is definitely a lack of tutorial for people like me: brand new to the series. But if you just play for a few hours, then start over you'll feel leaps and bounds ahead of where you were. Make each turn count!"
76561198043248417,Recommended,298050,25243114,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Draco,"Where did four and half hours of my life just go?Seriously... I just wanted to log in and get a feeling for game...Then my buddy wanted to do something and 30 minutes after I told him I'd save and quit, I finally pried myself away from the game.Where... did... my... life... go.......I enjoy this game."
76561198087831920,Recommended,298050,21683460,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,hellier70gr,"This game has all the elements and the potential to be a classic. The game retains the addictive feel of the previous games while most of the changes are an improvement over the previous games. Even things like the wrap points that some people are complaining for in my opinion provide more depth in the game.Currently the only aspect of the game that is kind of underwhelming are the tactical battles. I still have not managed to understand how you can actually have a meaningful contribution to the battle that will change the result compared to that of the simulation. More control over what every ship is doing and how the weapons are used, is needed in my opinion."
76561197985063992,Recommended,298050,24097302,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,OMGSPY!,"All star cast. Incredible. Just incredible. This is an amazingly well polished remake of Master Of Orion and they did an amazing job on it. If you are a fan of 4x, you have to own this. This is where it all started."
76561198076987366,Recommended,298050,33700167,Posted: 21 July,all,ron.coit,"It is a good game in it's own right. It is NOT moo2 and it will never be moo2 and yes I have played all versions of moo. It is slightly lighter on strategy than moo2, but it still has some depth.Over all it is an enjoyable game.The only problem with it that I can see are some rather obvious bugs related to the resolution and minor graphics glitches. These are even worse on Linux than windows, but once you get pass them and it is possible to get get pass them (mostly??) then the game plays quite well"
,Recommended,298050,21488992,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Cerzi,"People are dismissing this as shallow, but it seems to be a misplaced judgement.  Even as an early access game, this 4X has far more depth than many recent games had at launch (cough GalCiv3).For example:-Multiple ways of invading/destroying planets.  Drown them in chemical weapons to kill off the population while leaving the infrastructure intact (but taking a big diplo hit).  Spend years nuking them from orbit until the planet is a polluted, irraddiated mess, then move in to clean up and terraform things back to habitabal.  Launch a good old fashioned infantry invasion, involving marines of different levels, tanks and mechs.  Or for the galactic conquerer on the go, simply erase the planet from existence with late-game planet-exploding tech.-Customize your ships with more than just weapons and armour.  The biggest range of options comes not from the weapons, but from the utility/support modules that can be researched and fitted.  From active black-hole generators, SC2 Stalker-like blinks, missile retargetting and all kinds of countermeasures, your ship designs are just as much about your style of fighting as they are about how hard you hit.-Think the starlanes are lame?  You don't even need to get half way through the tech tree to unlock warpgates, allowing you to make your own starlanes between colonies.  Combined with late-game engine tech, and the appearance of wormholes in the galaxy, mobilizing your fleets really isn't the painful process some people think after a brief early-game play.- Someone complained that you can't transport food between planets?  Wrong.  Just need the tech unlocked (again, pre-mid game).  It'll also let you transport production, letting you focus late-game production at key planets (for when you want to start spamming those Titans or Death Stars).  Oh, and you can send population around from turn 1.  Did I mention population is tracked by race, and different races can be assimilated into your planets, complete with their racial perks?  What casual unfaithful nonsense!On top of the depth that's already here, there's more promised to land before launch - and based on how much of this promised content is already heavily referred to across the game (such as in the tech tree), it seems pretty likely that these guys are on it.Another thing I've seen people slate the game for: no ship bording.  Lemme quote an item off the tech tree called ""Marine Pods"" (under Advanced Tactics):""Marine Pods house additional detachments of space marines, increasing the number of Marines on board a ship.  The additional marines both defend the ship and can board enemy ships.""dumbed down / 10"
76561198071965366,Recommended,298050,22117497,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,StarTropics,"Having played countless hours of MOO2  and being extremely dissapointed by MOO3 I had very high hopes for this game.It did not let me down.Every negative review I have read for this game is based  on the content not yet implamented or minor game balancing issues due to the fact this game is still in early access.Having finished my first playthrough I have to say that the UI is the best I have seen in any 4x game. It is very streamlined and intuitive. All the strategy and empire management elements from MOO2 are still in place. The tech tree has many familiar technologies that function essentially the same, but the order in which techs unlock is different. You still have to prioritize carefully and try to balance Infrastructure and military technologies.The main fundamental gameplay difference is on the galaxy map with the addition of starlanes. This is a point of contention for some.I didnt like the idea at first but it is not too much of a travel hindrance as most systems have 3 or 4 warp points. It helps with empire planning.It enables you to shelter your research and economic inner systems by having systems with heavy military instillations on  your  outer borders.Though there are still some minor balance issues but the game devs have been active reading feedback and responding. Rest assured even in its current early access state this is the best 4x space game available."
76561198061570988,Recommended,298050,22242118,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Shade,"this is an Early acces  review:the game is obviously incompleteits a little shalow at cerain points , combat is too fast with little time for any meaningful tactical planningBUTits something the devs have taken from the community and its something they are workingif i had to choose just ONE thing good about the game ?its the fact the devs are constantly listening and screening for good feedback , this game has potenial , hopefully they will fulfil it"
76561198063275652,Not Recommended,298050,21559899,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,PC,"I wanted to love this game, as MOO2 was one of may favourite games of all time.Sadly, while the game is pretty and stable for early access, the actual game play and strategy elements are...bland. It's a pretty bad sign when a new game is outdone by its 20 year old predecessor on several key fronts: race customization, ship customization, tactical combat, heroes, tech tree etc.Hopefully the developers take note of the very consistent comments on this thread and make some significant changes to the game before full release. At present, it just doesn't feel like a true strategy game - it's lacking in the kinds of key choices that absolutely underpin good games of this genre."
,Recommended,298050,21539530,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,WastingSanity,Early Access Review-Currently the game is pretty stable and only crashed a few times when messing with ship designs. Other than that the game stays pretty faithful to the original. Not everything is in the game currently but appears to be coming along nicely. The AI currently is extremely easy. I hope that they add more difficulties to the game.Check out my full review below:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BBJ7-NdZG48I would recommend this game to those who are looking for an updated Master of Orion.
,Recommended,298050,21751656,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Wereboar,"RebootingMaster of Orion is in fact a reboot of the original game, with very fancy graphics and a lot of surprises, most of them are either on the Ohhhh or Ahhhhh side of surprise, but once or twice you might call out Eeeek!What first catches your sight is the immense upgrade of the interface, well actually that is no wonder - given the time between MOOI and now... but the graphical interface offers a lot to players who love the old Master of Orion series. Then your ears might flap, really... voiceactors, good ones and quite through the whole game. Also nice addition is that the old games are included into the collectors Edition.I was astounded as I created my first colony and saw... for each planettype a new in game movie... nicely done, it really makes the game worthwhile - especially since the worlds look so different (I am hoping even for more planettypes - we now know that there are some ridiculous planets out there...)Oh, and the advisors... I played two races (only trying them... not fully playing) and Stego really made me laugh a lot, even if he's repetitive... Things...I have to say, that I am a fan of the original games - and this remake caught me totally on a soft spot.Pros:Some beautiful graphics.Great Voiceacts, you have to hear them to believe it.Marvelous remake of an all time classic.The original games are bundled into the collectors edition plus some additional content!Cons:Governors make this game literally a run through.I still remember how hard it was to beat the space monsters... not so in this version.RecommendedAs I said, I am a total fan for this series, so my verdict might be... a bit overwhelming. Yes the game is great, really... but it's also a bit too casual in some spots. Since the game still is in early access this might change. A nice addition would be racial tech specialities (technologies that can only developed by the race) but I migh also have overlooked them. And of course some additional planetary types... oh, and maybe trying to make some additional races ;-)Never mind I am just rambling. Great Game, if you like 4X games, you might as well try to get some money for this one."
76561198076132407,Recommended,298050,22069246,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Helljumper C13,"It's a fantastic game so far. Unless you start next to the humans. We're ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. But still, building up and getting ahead has been easy so far as anyone, and the graphics are wonderful. It's a great remake and a lovely expansion."
,Recommended,298050,22825426,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Gimp Samurai,Decent game... 5/7
76561198030748127,Recommended,298050,24534746,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,zoo3sqd,Great game. I have played for almost twenty hours.
,Recommended,298050,25051212,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Frag Jacker,"Blowing up the home planets of my most hated arch enemies, that bullied me during the entire game, with a Stellar Converter sold this game for me.If you played Master of Orion II you'll most likely miss the good ol' roundbased tactical combat which is completely gone in this MoO incarnation. Instead you're fighting in realtime on an arena like battlefield.Whereas you could diretly shoot at the enemy planet in MoO II you can't here anymore. Every defense structure is now an orbital plattform that floats direclty on the battlefield rather then firing from the surface of your planet.MoO II veterans may claim the current way battles are handled in MoO feel completely bland and shallow, lacking the diversity of the legendary MoO II battles.Anterans are currently missing too in the game but may be subject for an Addon in the future.Yet the game kind of brings back the typical Master of Orion One more turn feeling, which is a good sign. If the devs release some more content whether as classical Addons and/or DLC I'd totally recommend this game if its on sale since the current price of about 40 bucks is abit hefty for my taste."
76561198052740618,Recommended,298050,21493737,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Glade,"First the game is really hard, but once you learn the mechanics, its too easy,You simply avoid early combat by ignoring the AI, tech up, than make huge money, fast mass death ball and sterilise the galaxy.Well its early access, and it feels incomplete and bugged. The game have potencial, hope devs hearing the community and make it something awesome."
76561198011585825,Recommended,298050,24470955,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,CarlR,"nothing will beat MoO2, but this is a good next step in the Series from that abomination of MoO3."
76561198030908332,Recommended,298050,25203361,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Pauline Hanson for PM!!!,Very good game. Hopefully the MoO2 races can be added as DLC. Miss the Elerians :)
76561198161538689,Recommended,298050,22080656,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,CSOFFER BrentC,"Master of Orion is a fun game but has good and negative things:Good:-stable-online and sigle player-good ship designs(mostly the first one)-the tactical simulator works good-...Bad:-it is too easy, even my first try i was dominating)-you can just vote for yourself in the council and win if you have enough population-the AI was one time destroying my planets but stopped when i produced one ship although they had like 5 ships and were stronger-the diplomacy is ♥♥♥♥ed up, you are winning, you ask for peace and they don't want that and ask you so much money-random events only happen on your planets and a disaster is easily solved-there are no people playing online, can't find a match-too few ship designs and only the first designs are niceBut this game is still in development, if they keep updating this game and improve some little things I am sure it will be a quallity game and a lot more people will buy it and that should solve the playing online problem"
76561197993349033,Recommended,298050,22096237,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Solrez,"In the first beta, I was dissapointed.  Quick and easy, AI worthless, but oh wow after the second beta release its much better.  AI actually does stuff and on hard+ is quite difficult to beat.  THe game has that one more turn quality.  Excited for the continued progression and can now recommend!"
76561197972954442,Recommended,298050,21982441,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Texmaster,Great addition to the MOO family.   Its a bit simplistic compared to MOO2 but it stays true to what made the MOO franchise great.   I would like to see turn based combat added in but for the most part its a solid game even having some of the sound effects from the original MOO which was fantastic.
,Recommended,298050,22059053,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Old Gods Still Live,"When I was in 7th grade a friend gave me a copy of MoO2. I played it religiously, as did my brother. I always picked the Trilarians, and he picked Mrrshan. Good memories, and in recent years I managed to get some of my friends playing. That was, in fact, too ♥♥♥♥ing legit.This reboot is not MoO2. It doesn't try to be. It has big budget graphics and audio, and Mark Hamill is a voice actor. Non of this really matters, though. 2 kicked♥♥♥♥♥ and continues too, and it runs in DosBox. By modern standards, it's dull as hell aesthically speaking. But that doesn't matter either. Masters of Orion has a distinct essence to it. And this modern take captures the spirit pretty damn well. It's not perfect, and it's not exactly like MoO2, but it doesn't and shouldn't have to be either of those. It stands on it's own, and I think that makes it worthy.I whole heartedly recommened the modern Masters of Orion. It's EA, but the developers are active and listening. It's been out for a month as of this writing, and they just released a major update that has addressed a lot of folks concerns. Still no spies, however. Which blows. You should probably expect some DLC down the line, too."
,Not Recommended,298050,28213363,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Kloggdepauty,I cant believe they already want more money. they should have just did MOO2 again with better graphics
,Not Recommended,298050,23773786,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Druski,"If you are worried about its Early Access state, don't. Its completely playable and feels polished. If you are looking for a deep 4x experience however, you won't find it here. Not now or when it's released. Yes, people climb over each other to shout about how its EA and therefore will only get better, but the thing is: its basically feature complete. They may be balancing things for a while yet, but they have not announced any new features of the game for months now, and in their several announcements of what's yet to come, there has been no mention of new features. Why does that matter? because the game, as pretty as it is, is extremely shallow.Iy you are a fan of the series, and absolutely must experience it, get it on a sale (at the time of writing, the steam summer sale is active and its 30% off). It really does pull on a few of those nostalgia strings the first time you have a colony ship land, or meet a race, etc., and perhaps that is enough to be worth it; But for me that novelty quickly wore off.I do have many pet peeves with the game, many are style choices, immersion-breaking voice acting, clunky interface, and poor AI, but those ARE things that may be fixed as the EA moves on. What is unlikely to be fixed is that there's not really a game there in the first place to bring you back for a second playthrough.That said, if you are a fan of lightweight strategy like, say, mobile games, then this might be a very enjoyable stepping stone into the world of real strategy. It's just not a very big step."
76561198042135083,Recommended,298050,21732250,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,hephaistos202,"The are many who complain about the new MoO, but I really don't get, what they expect from an Early Access.Yes, it's true that the AI is as intelligent as a slice of bread. The game is too easy to challenge a 4x veteran. It's also true, that some features are still missing and the game is far from being finished and polished. But any point of complain I read so far is allready addressed by the Devs, that they are going to work on it eventually. And I believe them. This isn't an unknown independed Developer working on this project in his free time, it's an established company whos reputation might be depending on this game.But what the Devs allready have achieved is a great atmosphere, something most other MoO-like games are missing. The game felt like good old MoO2 from the first minute and soon after I felt into this ""Just one more turn..."" state of mind, that will cause you to loose some precious hours of sleep. That's impressive in this early state the game is in.Even though I belong to those people who would have prefered a turn based combat system, I can tell that the system the Devs have chosen isn't dumb. You can loose a battle against a weaker enemy because you have been careless or you can win against a much stronger enemy if you use the right technology and tactics (and maybe a bit of luck). If they continue to work on the combat as they promised allready it might be pretty decent.The only complain I have are the star lanes. I'm still not a fan of it, allthough I have seen games where star lanes have been implemented worse.Again, the atmosphere of the game is great, it's allready a incredible fun and you can allready see where additional features are planed. I think this game looks very promising and I don't regret buying it. Instead I am excited for every comming patch."
,Recommended,298050,21828836,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Pandemon1c,"I do indeed recommend this game, if you're a fan of 4X games. I never had the opportunity to play the original 3 games during their time so some design decisions don't bother me as much as the MoO fanboys. I really have no complaints about the game, and it's in Early Access so there are still a good number of items left to be added to the game."
76561198251805372,Recommended,298050,21815841,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,CasualGard,Great homage to the original games
76561197993426852,Recommended,298050,21791598,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Adantigus,"A solid start. Good production values, and quite a bit of polish for an early release. I'm looking forward to seeing where they take this."
76561197968891105,Recommended,298050,25173525,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,coldnakedman,"Re-evaIuating this title after some key gameplay changes and additions as well as some new DLC.I still recommend this to new fans of the series as well as fans of the classics.  If I had to rank them, 1st place goes to MOO2, 2nd - MOO1, 3rd, MOO (this title) and lastly MOO3.  No shame in coming in 3rd to 2 titles that made PC Gamer's Hall of Fame ages ago.After a few updates, MOO has heroes, as well as Gnolam, Elerian, and Trilarian (sp?...I've been playing the series for more than 20 years and I can't spell for beans).  It's beginning to remind me of MOO2, which is one of my all time favorite games, period (Where have you gone, Steve Barcia?!  Any chance Agents of Justice will ever get done?)I played MOO1 back around....94?  And loved MOO2.  This is neither, but, still very fun!I got this early access, and have played through the present build and liked the character that has been added to the game, but, the repetition wears a little thin.  A little.  There is still something very gratifying about amassing a huge fleet and wiping the Galaxy clean of your enemies.Ship design was much simpler and intuitive in the original titles, and I think it could use some more polish as the auto-updating gets a little cross-eyed when you get a new tech.  The auto-design doesn't know how to use specials, particular the space-saving ones that can really make for a powerful, albeit slightly longer to produce, ship.So, you'll want to get in the habit of micromanaging this.Tactical combat is simple...not bad.  I tend not to interfere with auto-combat too often except when it's an advantage to take out harder hitting/high value targets first.That being said, graphics are decent, and gameplay is fun.I think a little more polish with the UI and UX.Here's what I liked:-Graphics aren't world-renowned, nor is the voice acting, but....they're good!  There are a finite amount of lines of spoken dialogue so that does kinda wear thin after a while (see 'What I didn't like').-The races really have a lot of personallity.  I am going to do a bad job describing this, but it's a jes ne se qua.  Every game I play I always seem to step on the toes of a different race, but become very close allies with other races; this has kept it very interesting for me!-Ship Design (I'll put this one in both categories for different reasons).  It's easy, it's intuitive, it can and probably should be time-consuming and full of micromanagement.  It can make a difference depending on which race, or which space monster, or what *type* of warfare you are conducting (swarms of lots of little ships, massive machines of war, or, my favorite, Interdictor type ""Hunter-Killers"" geared at chasing my prey like Hounds of Hell throughout the galaxy.)Here's what I didn't like so much:-Things do get repetative.  The dialogue from your advisor and AI races.  The gameplay.  The colony micromanagement.  You learn to tune some of it out.  And, I might be deranged, but I actually enjoy micromanaging my colonies, but I'm aware that others probably will not enjoy this.-Ship Design.  As mentioned above, the simplest solution would be to let the game mechanism add new tech automatically, auto-upgrade your fleet, Upgrade, or Scrap-and-rebuild to newer designs.  That's fine and dandy, but the auto-upgrade skips some very important Special Techs.That's all I've got.  I hope you enjoy the game as much as I do, and you'll have an opportunity to pick this title up during one of Steams many sales and deals!"
76561198038526263,Recommended,298050,21733027,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Argrym,"This is a must have for anyone who played the original, or anyone who enjoys the 4x genre. Controls are smooth and intuitive. Each level of the game can be micro-managed or set to a auto-default if you want to spend your time focusing on other areas. Battles are smooth, fast and satisfying. Each race feels distinctly different and greatly affects your play style. Even though the game is early access, it is showing itself to be a stable and faithful renewal of the Master of Orion series."
,Recommended,298050,25258299,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Wishoff,Catches the good old feeling of MOO 1 and MOO 2. They did a great job!
,Not Recommended,298050,26221415,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Amaro Kai,"This would have been an amazing game back in 1995.Pro: It is really pretty kudos to their artist(s).Con:  It is an unoriginal, un-inspiring, cookie cutter 4x that is just plain borring.If your looking for a retro 4x space game with better graphics, then I guess I could recommend this.   For everyone else just about every other new 4x space game on the market does it better."
,Recommended,298050,21516841,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Lupy.,"Looks like great work so far, and you can't beat the old ones!"
76561198007517845,Recommended,298050,21716661,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,asel,i loved the game but it is not mo2 yet
76561197969184719,Recommended,298050,21627318,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,thefreak0na1eash,"I wouldn't normally leave a review this early in a games development but I really feel I should, just to counter some of the negative reviews it's already getting. I will start by saying that if you want a full featured MoO2 remake right this second, don't buy this early access MoO reboot. If you've already made that mistake, play the original MoO2 that comes with this release until this game is finished before you start pointing out what's missing.-Tactical battles have already improved (they are now bigger) and will continue to do so.-Turn limits have been turned off unless you're in a score based win scenario where they're relevant-Jump Gates mean you can ignore the warp gates, you just have to have an armada ready and send a colony ship to rout your enemy.-There are buildings not yet implemented that “give troops experience”.A lot of the systems that people are saying have been “dumbed down” probably haven't been written yet...I could go on.I wish people would stop giving this game thumbs down for things that could be requested via the development community. This game has months of development left. Leave your feedback on the forums.This game is very well polished for a beta. As it stands it is by no means the worst 4x game out there and I've sunk over 25hrs in to it. By the time it is finished I have no doubt it'll be worth every penny of £30. I'm glad I chose to support this project by buying the early access game but I can understand if you want to hold off until it's a little more finished."
76561197995279876,Recommended,298050,21820337,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,DoctorXero,Hesitant yes in the hopes that things improve as development continues.Combat has been significantly dumbed-down.
,Not Recommended,298050,26131455,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,vastra,"AI needs work, they are too all knowing, no point in having them explore or even limit their research, they always know where to hit even if they cannot see it. Intercepted a colony ship going to a remote system on a 4 turn lane, 10 turns away with no means to have known the colony ship was there. This happens every time so this is no mere coincidence. There isn't even a reason for them to do this as there is a fleet patrolling near their system, why would they leave their home base exposed just to intercept a colony ship? I am bombing their home planet free of conflict now...???Update after latest update v54.6:Religiously fork out cash for the DLC for content that is already in MOO2, yet this game doesn't even run. This game should still be early access, this surely can't be a full release."
76561197989973727,Recommended,298050,21602926,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,LogicalPremise,"CAVEAT: Early Access.This iteration of MOO has the feel. It has the lore. Some of the animations and voice acting (particular the Psilon) is a little cartoony, but nothing too annoying.The mechanics are solid, the graphics are great, and the AI is very wimpy and needs serious work. Combat is good although I warn you it is not turn based, which presents both new opportunities but also requires you to rethink how you do combat.Ship design is a bit less robust in someways -- since you fight in RT trick ships with teleporting boarding shuttle loads are not as effective.The stellar converter is still there. So are doom stars.Right now, I give it a 6/10. I think there's room for improvement, but I also think based on what I see that improvements will happen. Most importantly, no crashes and no bugs encountered (by me at least, I can't speak for others.)"
76561198027199963,Recommended,298050,21603640,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Dracolich73,"This game is awesome. I was disheartened by the lack of a video for the Stellar Converter destroying a planet, but it's early access so I'm hoping the full version will have one. I loved watching the video of an enemy's planet being destroyed by the converter.Graphics are superb, sound is awesome, and the Ssskra research guy reminds me of Golem from LoTR... I can't wait for the full version to become available for download."
76561197995573618,Recommended,298050,22802866,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,horial,the first MOO was one of the best games I ve already played. The good news is: this one looks like the original.The bad news ... it has some bugs. Examples: some crashes that are not funy at all when your last save was 30 turns agoAnother issue: balance is not quite good yet.Examples:a small map is too big.Cant play one vs one (computer)easy is not so easy.If you really liked MOO you can buy it right now. If you dont... wait...
76561198185312281,Recommended,298050,23960540,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,thomaskolter_keen,"Its in early development and its seeing changes and serious ones over the last month, so let me say something about the game.First the races and customization options now are interesting, and favors picking one area to push and less so in the others, so for example one can do a Merchant focus and outspend the AI enemies or focus on ship size and quality or work on better colonization to expand better and play along those. Now I agree some special technologies need to be added along the species specialty technology and that should not be for custom options so they stand out.Other things I like as a disabled player its very playable for me and with new easy settings can be something you can work on as you learn the game from very easy to much more difficult settings.Pet peevs though they took out minor races for now, I liked them, and sometimes if you pick certain world options they shove you on a starting planets who gravity is to low or high so your penalized I'm of the opinion if you spent points on a super rich and large world you should not be penalized for it since its supposed to help you. And small spiral galaxies would be nice.But they are working on it yet so one must accept some issues with the game. On the plus side the Deluxe Edition does include earlier MoO games free."
76561198007436750,Not Recommended,298050,25500706,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Khupa,"I could not write a review until played the game a few long hrs...  But I'm happy that didn't bit into the hype of the game and waited a few months to get it, Hoping that most of the bugs may be ironed out.The Cons:Diplomacy: Look like they ALL love the Humans and the leaders are out of their bipolar pills. Unless you are looking to be ally with all 7 at the same time for Steam Achievements , DON'T do it. Your ""ALLIES"" will be stealing/hacking,  contaminating, striking and revolting your planets no stop. You can't counterdemand any request the AI made.Espionage: The AI have a lot better chance than you even wit a security level 5 or getting your spies cought even when their security level is ZERO.Buildings: Some building just don't work ""Space Academy"", ""advance Spy center"" and others. Or don't really give the bonus as the info box said.Ships: Some look cool, others look like a sex toy. Only 2 choices and 3 Skin paints.Pros:Look nice.Like some games lately coming out is just a lot of hype, unfinish and full of bugs. I didn't got the Collector edition and at the moment at the state of the game, never will. I still got the disks of MOO1-MOO2 and MOO3 so paying a extra $19.99 for 1 race is not on my book.I should wait a few more months or get it when the ""Complete"" game is at $20."
76561198007485913,Recommended,298050,21535688,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Linnane,"Feels like a good return to a classic to me. The bones feel right and assuming that there is more fleshing out to be done I have a good feeling on this one.Good:- It feels like MOO.... the look and feel, the layout, the menus all have the right flavor- It has the one more turn feeling- The tech tree and buildings feel like the originalAreas for improvement- Combat. Personally I liked the chess game format of MOO2 and designing ships with this in mind. Not as fond of this combat format as I don't feel I have as much influence on the outcome.- Ship designs. Related to above I am not sure if I can see how my designs can effect the outcome apart from maximising stats. Feels alot like GalCiv as a result.I'm happy I'm on board and look forward to where it ends up."
76561198035503759,Recommended,298050,21579110,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,bombermonkey3,"I believe this game has everything a ground breaking game needs for the future of sci fi gaming. It brings in elements from the other three in some ways more than others but all in all, Even though it's still  being made as i write this, it has won my heart over as a fan of the first three. Keep up the good work. 10/10 would buy again!"
76561198006694145,Recommended,298050,21994737,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Scott Spicer,"While the game is not finished and all the features are not active, the game takes me back to Master of Orion 2....with much better graphics and engine. It can take hours to play and has multiplayer if you can get friends to commit to 8 or 10 hours. It is a good game that can only get better as it nears full release. 4.5 / 5.0 stars"
76561198043304154,Recommended,298050,21508413,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Kingkrieg,"For early access the core gameplay is pretty solid, being the actual father of the 4x genre, it has to work on details here and there and make the spying system work, but overall i found myself hooked on slaughtering the bulrathi for the good of my dominion. this a fine successor of the original games, and much better than sid meier's and its clones"
76561198047573773,Recommended,298050,22384699,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,LT Slate,"I enjoyed this game a lot. It definitely has a few minor bugs. On the major side I see AI needing a lot of work as well as the consistency and various benefits/consequences of the political system.You’ve gone all in on the voice-overs compared to most games. Great job. Now go equally all-in on the graphical side of the game, especially with cut-scenes. IE…*More, better, diverse cut scenes for both current milestones and add epic cut scenes for critical achievements.*Epic fail cut-scenes would have a nice touch as well.*A nice victory video would be sweet. Go even further and embed several victory-videos but only viewable under certain victory conditions.Regardless of my suggestions this game is very fun, playable and I look forward to the final product.*Played max map on normal, 5 races plus myself, as human and completed the game in 350 turns."
76561198051710242,Recommended,298050,21491086,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,P.J,"What a nice come back for a good vintage game like MOO!Moo2 was my favorite version of the lot, but his new incarnation is sure to get a lot of attention from me.Everything is nice and clean - shenanigans that let you auto-win.  Now I need to find the difficulty level and replay some more games.Good job!"
,Recommended,298050,25161067,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,✌🏻 jess ✌🏻,"I love a good space strategy game but this didn't reel me in like I thought it would. It's very Sid Meier-esk with its tech tree and diplomacy, and I found dealing with other races to be quite rigid and predictable. It's a bit of a slogh with keeping up food, production and tech, unfortunately there's no innovation with how that played out. I tried to play very tech and diplomacy heavy (i'm a lover, not a fighter) but had to fight out a few unwarrented battles which wasn't that exciting.Overall, it's okay. Smooth graphics, soundtrack was nice, a few quirky tidbits but nothing really keeping me there. I'd wait for a sale to get this one, it's a good time waster."
76561198027657169,Recommended,298050,21501765,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Asscommander,"Spiritually similar to MOO2. While this game is still in EA, it has a lot of room to grow, and what is here is pretty great if you like the 4x genre."
76561198007848054,Recommended,298050,21501830,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Seyaku-Brad,I am a happy empire builder.
,Recommended,298050,21455253,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Jingo,"I just can say: the 1st 1.5hours just flew by, so they must have done something right. LIke what I see so far. Dont listen to the old blokes who say: MOO2 was this and that and all the best. I played MOO and MOO2 too, sank many hours into them. But give this game a chance if you like 4X...After playing more I still have to say that I like it. There is enough potential to make this game a real MOO. And no, it is not a copy of MOO2, it's a title on it's own, so if you want MOO2 you better don't touch this one and fire up good old DosBox..."
76561198087335750,Recommended,298050,24424933,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,jalpatine,Starting to be a good game. I recommend.
76561198207396029,Not Recommended,298050,26762204,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ben.G,Civ 5 explains the elements more would recommend Civ 5 over this game
76561198007853503,Not Recommended,298050,25512647,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,lostingotham,"High hopes disappointed.  This is essentially a rehash of MOO-2 with better graphics but a clunkier user interface.  The tech tree is annoying and non-intuitive (plus the race-based tech buffs don't seem to work), system automation doesn't work well, characters are gone and combat--despite being far more difficult to manage--is much less interesting.Worst of all, the game is simply dull.  A shame."
76561198008817486,Recommended,298050,21898893,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Rallaster,"ok to start off i loved Moo 2, Moo 3.... well it was ok. Moo 3 had some good ideas but it failed on refinement... horribly.this game so far needs more refinement aswell but thats why its in early access but i also dont care for some of the changes from moo 2 to here...star lanes for instance, aswell as ""unstable star lanes"" that box you in untill you get half way through the tech tree, i for one liked the fact that you had could bypass an empires outer planets and attack their inner worlds it added a chance to bypass the enemy fleet if they didnt pay close enough attention and now we have no ship distance restrictions as long as you can get through those red star lanesnow the combat system..... combat..... personally i think its terrible as of current buildall fleets have a combat strength rating which is visible to all.... so you can see exactly what your opponents have which boils engadgments down to a very basic if you have a higher number than the enemy you attack, if not retreat and build up/upgrade your ships, repeat untill you win... even the guardian of orion you can see its combat raiting plain as day.... of all the ships which should have their strength hidden it should be the guardianfor those who claim theres a stratagy element to it because its real time combat.... no there really isnt other than keep your small ships back for a bit because they move alot faster than the larger ones and will die like the cannon fodder they are too early... but then they refuse to sit still so you end up having to micro manage your smaller ships moving back and forth untill the right time to bring them up closer to your larger ships for the attack to startshurly the races are being done well? ..... nopegranted i havent played matches with them all yet but so far its a definate nope. the psylons i remember being an awesome race.... so what did they do to them in this game?  in the animations they made their advisor into the stereotypical highschool geek whos afraid to speak. and with that in mind in the game play they have a tendancy to rule their corner of the galaxy with ease, crushing any race unlucky enough to be stuck in the same boxed in star lane segment as themthe diplomacy.... needs to be implemented still... aside from the ai making demands of you and then declairing war when you refuse, there is none but they have announced that its going to be worked on (thank god, if i hear the murshan hiss at me for refusing to give them money ill snap and declare war on them first)so long story short i prefered playing moo 3 to this stage of its progress... wait until its out of early access to buy and keep an eye on it because it does have potential to be great..... great flop or great success is yet to be seen***Update***so after a couple of patches the game is comming together nicely and im changing my recommendation to a yesyou do need to understand its still a work in progress, like the diplomacy while it has been worked on, still needs more work done such as: it would be nice to throw out a counter offer (within reason) to avoid the ""refused to trade with us"" penalty to rep because an offer of 60 credits/bc/gc/whatever they call the currency is too low for technology that requires multiple turns to researchthe only other part of the game i dislike is their choice for voice actors for some of the leaders/advisors such as the silicoid advisor.... for those who dont know, the silicoids are a race of rock people (essentally) and their advisor is a soft voiced person it just dosnt seem to fit, but i gotta say they did a good job on most of the leaders voicesnow you may be noticing im only saying what i dont like about the game... thats mainly because the rest is either in the awesome catagory or at least the acceptable because its early accessand i guess now that ive said that i should give some examples.... this game is the most stable early access ive seen and i have gotten into several... a few that i regret too... not this one thoughthe real time ship combat has been greatly improved you can set individual ships engadgement distances so you can customise your ships to have specializations such as long range missile support or a close range brawler. you can also set all ships movement speeds so your frigates and destroyers no longer rush way ahead of the titans that they are cannon fodder for.i cant confirm it but the unstable star lanes seem to be less frequent than beforeTLDR: was ok, got better, getting better with each patch..... EDIT: except the diplomacy..... that team needs to get their♥♥♥♥♥♥together**Update #2**latest patch increased the ai's value of starcharts.... mix this with the screwed up diplomacy and i have just♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off another race because they think that their starcharts and 3 credits a turn is worth an entire planet.... thats right they wanted me to give them one of my first planets for their star charts"
,Not Recommended,298050,33128959,Posted: 2 July,all,Ladybloodshed,"I'm giving a thumbs down because of the Collector’s Edition.The only way to get:-Terran race-Special pixelated ship modelsIts sad, I don't wish to pay $50 for all the other content it offers; make an offer for $5 with the 2 items and I'll but it."
76561198028547477,Recommended,298050,33587605,Posted: 16 July,all,Bankipriel,"The new Master of Orion is fun, extremely well-paced, and it looks fantastic.I held off on buying it for a long time due to all of the negative and mixed reviews, and after playing a bit, I can understand how some people wanted more, or why people were disappointed with the combat system (I would have liked a grid and turn based combat, since I prefer tactics to eye-candy).But I'll be playing this game for quite some time, mainly because it manages to get the pacing right. Many space 4x games don't get the pacing right between expansion and tech progression, leading to technologies that feel useless, and military upgrades that feel pointless. None of that here. Each tech feels important, and the order of reserach is often a very difficult decision. This was probably the single greatest aspect that made me enjoy this game over other similar titles.Is MoO everything I hoped it would be? Not quite.Is it a lot of fun and worth your money? Yeah, I think so.Is it better than all these mixed reviews seem to suggest? Absolutely."
,Recommended,298050,25222035,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,SirCabbage,"Master of Orion- The once was king of 4X strategy gaming. After the poor showing of Master of Orion 3 the torch was eventually passed on to the Galactic Civilisations games to keep up the popularity of the space based 4X genre. The question is- does this new version live up to the lofty expectations  formed thanks to the old games? Can it dethrone the now-king 4X of Galactic Civilisations? What does this do right and wrong?Pros:The look and feel:The game really does capture the alien nature of the Master of Orion universe- there is colour, humour and a lot to explore and do. Planets feel alive with their live preview, the ship artwork is unique and defined, while the Aliens seem just as alien as ever. It just works.Music, Sound and Voice Acting:From the moment you open up the game you are met with a powerful score which harks back well to the older games. But honestly where this game shines the most is the voice acting. Don't let the poor voice acting of the launch trailer push you away, there is a star studded vocal cast which really makes you want to vary up who you play and who you are versing. People who normally prefer to always play the human may find themselves rethinking when they hear that the leader is Q from Star Trek and that by playing Humans yourself you are dooming yourself to never hear more of him. Overall everything you do seems to be greeted with more great voice acting, be it reaching a certain ending- participating in diplomacy- or beating the game through one of the victory conditions. The GNN has also got an overhaul, one I assumed would get annoying over time... it did not. I really enjoyed the live commentary of the universe and it really made me wish there was more interesting random events out there.Living Universe:Thanks to their accurate recreation and inclusion of the Space Monsters and Pirates the universe always seemed alive. There was a reason to build a fleet even if you were aiming for a more passive victory type. It felt good to lock down a warp point with a super powerful starbase- defeat a space monster and claim its planet or track down and claim the elusive Orion itself. As you grow in technology as do your systems- you may turn a gas giant or asteroid belt into a planet, upgrade your passive defenses or upgrade your planets into a series of different kinds of ""Uber"" worlds. This is one area where MoO Crushes the current state of the Galactic Civilisations games- and it is likely the best reason to buy this title.The combat cinematics:These are second to none- really spectacular esspecially when you are going up against a large space monster or the guardian of orion... However, the actual gameplay doesn't keep up.Cons:Everything feels- Shallow.:The concept of ""Jack of all trades, master of none"" shines brightly during this game. For every positive point there is another system that just seems laughably tedious and ill-thought out. Sure there are a LOT of systems in this version of MoO- but most if not all of them feel as if they were half baked. Like they would have done better as a dedicated expansion later down the line. A lot of these issues will be outlined below.Espionage:Espionage is a major annoyance and acts as more of a penalty againse large empires instead of a functioning system. It also seems like it is heavily weighted in favor of the AI. It basically just involves the user training spies and sending them out to either their own planets or the planets of your enemies. Spies do not seem to gain experience or get better in any way beyond the points they must earn to do increasingly more annoying missions. You send a spy to the enemy? Chances are it will be caught and you will be asked to stop sending them. They send a spy to you? You MAY catch it and send it back, or your best planet with all the security upgrades may be thrown into revolt. Moreover, the weighting of the diplomacy behind it is just screwed up. You ask them to stop spying? They don't, you get spies from them again right away. They ask YOU to stop spying? Counts as a treaty that if you break basically they hate you for life. The whole system just seems incredibly tedious and gets only more and more problematic as you get a larger and larger empire.Ship Design:This is one area that Galactic Civilisations really just ran with once they started to take the crown. In Master of Orion there seems to be very little reason to ever create a new ship. Not only do they look exactly the same as the auto-upgrading counterparts that you get built for you.. but the amount of choice and freedom on offer is laughable. While I appreciate anything that lets me customise my units, as it stands this system just felt boring now. Not even worth using unless you really wanted to min/max. While in GalCiv 3 you can clearly see and work out what your enemy is focusing on and design a ship to counter it, this one seems very basic.Research:This is not to say that the actual things you unlock are cons- certainly not. I love the variety this game offers as you level up... You learn to build and perfect planets, blow them up and everything in between. No, what I mean is the actual system of research. Most things you research have a correct answer for ""which is better"" but sometimes it is even worse to consider that they don't. While some games lock insignificant percentages behind research walls, this game offers actual tangible things which if you miss out on may just make your game more tedious. Sure, the fact that you can trade for them later is a nice touch... however when one of your traits allows a race to get BOTH of these choices for EVERY CHOICE- things get out of hand. So either you are forced to choose and trade for the rest or you just get given everything on a platter and get to use that to make yourself reign supreme. Either way the entire thing just seems... off.Not enough interesting events:Events are delivered by a really interesting medium thanks to GNN- however they still manage to feel half baked. While sometimes there are cool ones- like the idea of a star going Super Nova- most of the events seem to just be ""Someone gets some cash"" or ""The resource level of x falls"". For a universe that manages to feel so alive in some ways, to feel so dead in this way is more than a little disappointing. Now I am not advocating for a morality and choice system like the awesome one in GalCiv- I just feel as if that if you want to shake the world up- do it in a more fun way.Actually doing combat:The turned based strategic almost ""heroes of might and magic"" style combat found in MoO previously is gone- replaced by a much simpler real time combat system. While it does still offer more control then its nearest competitor- it does not come close to being as good as what people were expecting from this title. For that reason this is listen as a con.Overall:Overall the new Master of Orion is a highly polished, beautiful and interesting game. This however seems highly marred by the fact that so many systems are half baked. What is there seems polished for sure, but what is there still seems often very tedious. Master of Orion feels like a casual and beautiful version of Galactic Civilisations. A first dip in a pool before you go on to play the more complex Galactic Civilisations. Despite this appraisal, I still feel that people will have a lot of fun exploring and playing in this world, so I must recommend it. I just feel as if needs a little more depth. Did it reclaim its crown? No. But it did certainly reclaim a much higher title then I was expecting, and damn does it look shiny."
76561198007227805,Not Recommended,298050,32697498,Posted: 23 June,all,Maniac,"If it's on sale, you can get it. If not, the local equivalent of 39€ is not worth it.It's not that I don't like the gameplay or the tech-tree or whatever, that's okayish, but the performance is abysmal. A small Galaxy lets you go make some coffe between turns from about turn 250 onward and the space battles become s stutterfest if you want to field carriers.So basically not good not bad gameplay, coupled with bad performance gets it a ""no"" from me"
76561197993235361,Not Recommended,298050,25404210,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Nosoup4u!,"I want my ♥♥♥♥ing money back. This game has way too many bugs. The fighers don't work, the game wont let me give orders to fleets so it just sticks at that point. It is ♥♥♥♥ing broke as hell. Don't spend 40$ on this crap. It is another rushed out the door poject that never got fully finished. I hope that the producers are proud of themselves, they wholly ♥♥♥♥ up a grate game. What a waste."
76561197965415655,Recommended,298050,21540429,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,NightCloak,"First and foremost, this is an early access to the game. Many other reviews seem to forget this or unaware of the definition.You are buying into a testing phase of the game. It is not finished. It is not polished. It is filled with bugs and placeholder art.But the gameplay is good. Really good. It brings me back to the old games. They changed up the gameplay from the originals to have star lanes. These limit the direction you can travel to reach star systems, which means you can create choke-points for your territory. This adds an interesting element to it.I'm looking at this game to have pretty good multiplayer games. I'm also excited for each update of the game before release to see how it progresses. Overall, the game as it is now, is worth checking out, as long as you remember you're buying into the game before it's done and filled with problems that are obviously going to be corrected."
,Recommended,298050,25251198,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Shrinkshooter,"My impression of this game is, overall, good. Not great, not bad, just good. If you like Space 4X games and enjoy keeping things simple, this is a respectable game to get, and 30 bucks is exactly the price it should be at.The game has a good deal of polish, and it looks and sounds absolutely great. The gameplay is stuff you've already seen before, nothing really stands out about it, standard 4X fare. However, I will say that my major complaint against the game is how simple it is, AND the complete lack of any strategy in regards to planetary building.When I say simple I mean simple. The tech tree is simple, your ""choices"" are pretty easy to make, economy is really easy to get going, things like that. What bothers me the most, though, is that there is no planet space you need to worry about as far as building things, so there is no strategy involved. Usually in games like Stellaris and Endless Space and the like, the planets you colonize have spaces to build improvements on, many times with a certain property to them, that forces you to make choices on what to build, when, and where to put them. The planets in this game have infinite space, and thus the determination of whether to build them comes directly down to 1) whether you really need/want that building on that planet and 2) whether you want to take the hit to your upkeep (don't worry you get tons of money anyway). There is no restriction to any of the buildings except having a few that need certain planetary properties (you can't build X unless the planet is mineral poor, for example).Finally there is a good bit of the combat that needs to be adjusted (why can enemy scouts just ignore my blockades? why are space amoebas so freaking ridiculous in combat? why can't i see my ship health in battles anymore? WHY ARE MY BLUEPRINTS LIMITED TO 5? Blueprints should have no number restriction), but as I said, overall it's a respectable game. If you enjoy 4X games that aren't terribly deep, this is a good one to get for 30 bucks."
76561198313357786,Not Recommended,298050,32637244,Posted: 22 June,all,Sorvik Corsair,Bought the game during its beta phase before the official release.  Spent more than $50 to buy the game (and DLCs).  I feel that it was a waste of money for the quality of game.  Still major bugs and issues for a game of this type.  Modders have taken to trying to make the game better however the developers have made it difficult and limited the ways we can mod this game.
76561197970661388,Recommended,298050,25204211,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,[Squiz] Chad,If you liked MOO2 yonks ago this is a fun remake.  I'm not an expert reviewer but I can say I enjoyed it.  For the price (being about 1/3 the cost of other games I buy) I was ok with the failed to save game bug I got every now and again.
,Recommended,298050,25283132,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,KaZumaTree,"A reimagined retake on a cherished legend of 4x brought to the modern day, with all the whimsical charm masking an aged, arguably now outdated 4x formula that delivers the chops where needed, but feels lacking in parts.+ A bright, preppy and pretty revamp of a legend, carrying forth the art direction into a new era.+ High profile talent carries forth excellent voice-acting production, giving more character to each race.+ Familiar, solid mechanics from the originals mixed in with some more modern conveniences solidify the foundation this game stands on.+ Highly-refined UI features (partly thanks to a period of Early Access testing and feedback) make this the easiest-to-approach 4x in recent memory.- The new fresh re-take on familiar art direction from the originals may not jive well with fans of the original.- As highly talented and iconic the cast of V/A, this does not save it from odd quality mismatch issues present  in recording, or less-than-stellar writing.- The old MOO 1-2 formula in this day and age (even adding into the mix of more modern concepts such as a tech tree and revamped espionage) does show its age in today's world, especially against direct competition, relegating the game to more of an entry-level 4x.- The more restricted approach of the game makes it less of a personal game and instead more about it being a game of MOO. Things such asrenaming systems or planetspartially supported in v49.3, same tech tree for all, only one form of FTL, and iconic races make games very formulaic, unlike more modern recent offerings allowing for personalization and variability."
76561198010798740,Not Recommended,298050,28127005,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,WolFie,"I was MoO 1,2,3 fan , so i bought the collectors pack here.Yeah, alltho it brought up some good memories, the game is not as impressive as one would expect.And even after spent 45 € or what ever it was, they offer me DLC with each one of them costing a whole another cheap game?No, wargaming, just no!"
76561198005923178,Not Recommended,298050,28111472,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,jenox,Overall I won't say it was a waste of money (it was good for a play thruogh) but I was greatly dissapointed. The game has little replay value and the graphics are ho hum. Cut scenes are not memorable and basically feel to be a waste. Voice acting is nice but quickly gets ignored. Tactics? Still looking. Tech tree was poorly thought out. Ship/class design was more or less non-existent. System development the same. I'm left with the impression that the game is a threadbare frame that will never be fleshed out.Bluntly an old tired game called Space Empire 5 beats this one hands down. In fact I'm playing another scenario on it after deleting Master of Orion from my HD. I would recommend that whatever company attempts another try at this genre they first look at SE5 for inspiration or preferrably buy out the rights from (I've been led to believe) the garage coders that created the space empire series.
76561197996393541,Not Recommended,298050,28145176,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,CHerSun,"I'm an old fan of MoO2. This remake is one of the most decent turn-based 4X strategies. Yet, it does not fulfill MoO title contract to me. I definately hope that WG will keep tuning the game, but for now I have to vote a NO.Problems:1. The most glaring - lack of tactical combat. Half of MoO is the combat. I do not care for glamorous graphics if I can't properly control the combat. In it's current form only AI combat can be used. Fook the camera, fook the graphics. Make it 2D even, but make it a proper tactical combat.2. Badly inefficient economics - always lacking income even with just the basic buildings built.3. Lack of freighters and general food abundance makes all races feel the same. Rock-eating silicoids are not too  different from any other race. Just spam colony ships and get each and every planet you can get. Races just don't feel unique.4. Minor, but annoying - combat evaluation vs monsters - it's just missing. I've built a fleet of 10 ships to attack amoeba - combat evaluation tells me I have 100% chances to win. Attack! Not a scratch on the amoeba, my fleet is annihilated. 100 turns later with quite significant tech updates - same fleet, same result. 100 more turns later - yet again. I'm voting for strong monsters, it makes it more interesting, but evaluator should be fixed, particularly to account for shield damage reduction.5. Many additional modules is nearly impossible to evaluate (like modules, disrupting rockets) - they do not change stats of the ship, take up precious space, increase cost, and without tactical combat - I can't see their result. Either make a tactical combat, or make modules change ship stats, or remove them.6. Same as #5 but towards point defense / antimissiles.7. Overally, gameplay feels sluggish and slow. Like a simple thing - population management - it cannot be done from colonies overview (empire). Like too many notifications (dangerous fleet for every move of enemy factory, population rised for every colony of 100+ colonies empire, etc), like showing every move of a monster in nearby star system. It all takes precious seconds, that build up into wasted hours.8. Tech tree feels soo civ-like that it's annoying."
76561198028878249,Recommended,298050,21535994,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,chzwhz,"First off I recommend this game based on the potential it clearly has to be a classic turn based strategy / 4x space game. If the developers put some manhours into this thing it can be great, right now it's just good - and in alpha of course.The gameplay right now is fine and I haven't noticed any bugs - This is a pleasant surprise. The galaxy map is set up to pen you in and make you wait for technologies or fight your way out, Read starlanes, dead ends, unstable / unusable starlanes and space bases that block passage unless you have open borders. Conversely you can use these features of the game to quickly pen an opponent in to a small area and keep them weak.The tech tree and planetary screens are easy to understand and use, although there is a weird quirk in the tech tree: Some technologies you research have two different upgrades on them but by reasearching the tech you only get to pick one of the upgrades, the other is forever excluded from you. Perhaps they intend you to get them through espionage or maybe it's just supposed to make everybody's tech a little different. Either way it's weird but interesting and I'll have to see how I like it after a while.  Upgrading ships is easy, a single click upgrades the design with the latest goodies and a single click upgrades existing ships that are in orbit of a planet you own.By far my biggest complaint is just the visual appeal of the game. It's absolutely awful. Everything is black and dark and two dimensional. Yes space is black but space is also amazingly colorful and beutiful. For god's sake wargaming, choose the colorful and beautiful, not the black; for example you can click on your planet to get an overall view of what it's doing, guess what, 4/5ths of your planet is covered in night (facepalm). And get rid of the two dimensional feel! For example, you can click on buildings on your planet, like a marine barracks and all that happens is a small tooltip comes up with a crappy two dimensional image of the barracks and a paragraph about what it does. How about bringing me to a 3 dimensional barracks with soldiers and tanks running around and letting me look inside multiple buildings and talk to advisors in those buildings? This game has too much potential to be so visually and auditorilly boring that people may not be able to sit through 100 turns.I still recommend the game but beware of the boredom if you like your games to give you a feast for your eyes and ears."
76561198001826588,Recommended,298050,21558780,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Soloder,"Keep in mind, at the time of this writing it is still in early access and a lot of finished features aren't complete.Initial impressions: I like how this beta felt pretty polished from the beginning. They have a great base game the feels like the old masters of orion. The system is easy to follow, A lot of the old research technologies were there. I would have liked to see some more tech however. I felt it was a good start of a tech tree, however playing different races didn't feel different. Asside from the ships looking different, that was about it.  As of this writing I have only played psilon and humans.What I would like to see improve: Ship combat in this game is kinda weak. I didn't feel there was much strategy to it other than ship priority. The real time combat system made it feel like picking priority targets was pretty much all you could do. I miss the turn based combat myself. The models look amazing though!I haven't read what the developers are going to do yet, and what hasn't been implemented. Some things I never found like spying for example. I felt the diplomacy section was a bit lacking as I couldn't select some colonies or techs.This game has great potential and I am looking forward to seeing what they do to improve it. However as it is right now its little more than a remake of the origional Master of Orion and little else."
76561198041383670,Recommended,298050,22547601,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Kief Shaman,The game still has a little ways to go but even in it's early state it is fun to play.
,Recommended,298050,22283272,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Semtext,"Better than MoO2. Which shouldnt have been possible, as that is the best game in the world, graphics aside."
76561198073010015,Not Recommended,298050,28162763,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Heiner geht noch,"Well it was quite interesting when the start the remake.But it is not realy in a playable condition.. rigth after the end of early acces.The AI is stupid and way to easy to beat in combat.The combat system is a not worth the name, there is nearly no control except of where your ships fly.And now they start selling key features which all wanted from the first day of early ecces.This sounds more and more like a joke to me..."
,Recommended,298050,21988876,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Schoolboy,Bought this for MOO2. Will rereview this when its finished but so far good job guys keep it up.
,Recommended,298050,21765644,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,RustyBear,This game definately brings back those good ole 4x feels! I am slowly getting more and more of my friends addicted to this game. 5 out of 5 so far! I highly recommend this game!!
76561198220853144,Not Recommended,298050,28111201,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Nerull,"If you have nothing but time on your hands and you want a slow game, this is the game for you.  The AI is weak due to being extremely predictable.  In fact, no matter what race you select, the AI will still act in the same predictable manner which is really annoying.  I tried and tried to like the game, and sadly I am past the point of a refund.  Unless you can get this game for under $5 or free, you'll be throwing your money away."
76561198030693229,Recommended,298050,25197645,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,chadandbrandyjohnson,"Ask yourself one question.  If this game was called something other than ""Master of Orion,"" would you buy it then?  The hate towards this game because it wasn't some kind of modern, HD remake of MOO is crazy.  This game is solid 4X fun.  The graphics are great and it has a solid interface.  The combat is real time in a similar vein as Endless Space.  The game is otherwise turn-based as you'd expect.One more complaint I want to address is day 1 DLC.  I do not understand why people think every ounce of content a developer creates should be a free update.  Really?  If I pay you to do a job, should I continue to expect free work from you for eternity?  Day 1 DLC that puts some players at a significant advantage in a competitive environment or that substantially alters the game is pretty crappy but adding another faction for example?  Come on.  Buy it or don't buy it but don't downvote the game over something like that.Anyway, the game is solid and fun and you should buy it.  If you want to play classic MOO, that's available on the store, too."
,Recommended,298050,21559580,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Mr. Flibble,"I've only gotten around 8 hours so far, but enough time to know I am having fun and enjoying it so far.We still have 3 more months before this game goes gold, so more than enough time to add and fix any problems with the game.Looking forward to what the Devs have for us at a later date."
76561197997859901,Recommended,298050,21735753,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Fuzzy Green Lizard of Light,"Im recommending this game with one HUGE Caveat. This game has the potentail to be the MoO sequel we've been waiting twenty years for, but it's not their yet. I wouldn't bother with it until more features are inabled.What's Missing:-Spys, making some buildings are racial powers pointless-Meaningful racial differences-Difficult AI-Clear explaination of ship customization."
,Recommended,298050,22713887,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,DNLinkman,"New content coming out for this quite regularly, really captures the feel of the old game. It's great but beware - it's being sold as a full price game and it isn't quite there yet. There are a few bugs, for example - spying, a new mechanic they recently implemented. It used to be one of my favourite mechanics about the Darlok race but it just doesn't really work at the moment (the game keeps saying I stole a Class I Shield, this has happened about 20 times .. yet I still didn't even get it - kinda defeated the point of the race xD).That said, it is early access as it states above. This kind of stuff is to be expected and the game is still really fun even at this early kinda buggy stage - so long as you can work around the bugs ( No Darlok race for me just yet :( )"
76561198073229897,Recommended,298050,22922351,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,joshkr,"I'm really liking this game so far.  I've played MOO and MOO2 over the years (and MOO3 for 5 minutes before quitting because it was awful) and have been pleasantly surprised by how faithful the devs are staying to what made this a great game from the beginning.I have a few complaints as of v43.6 that will hopefully be invalid as development proceeds.  Currently each game seems far too short, I'd love to be able to choose a short game or a weekend-long space empire building fest.  I'd rather have turn based combat, but I won't cry about it.  Designing ships still seems unintuitive and I usually skip it and let the AI do the upgrades for me.All in all, as a long time MOOer, you're doing a great job guys!"
,Recommended,298050,25220764,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Baldour,"Having played the original Master of Orion games when I was younger, I can honestly say that they have properly captured the aspects of the games that made them addictive and awesome. Anyone that is a fan of Civilization will absolutely love this game. Too many times we have all wasted money on hyped up games. To many times we have been over promised and misled. This is not that game. It is simple, familiar and fun."
76561198113592323,Not Recommended,298050,25385441,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,crossborn,Pales in comparison to the original MOO.  This is not a full featured game.  Try Galactic Civilization 3 instead.
76561198052657933,Recommended,298050,28740107,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,TormentedTUNDRA,"pros:+charming art style+starlanes help focus the action+tactical combat is fun+just one more turn....Cons:-split tech choice descisions can be vague- some vague UI annoyances-very limited ship designs-somewhat limited # of anomoly/eventsThis is a more straightfoward 4x compared to most 4x games, but i like it because its not overwelmingly complex. I unfortunately missed the original MOO 1-3, but i like the base game enough to get the collectors edition upgrade so i can enjoy the orignals. the only thing im not too impressed about the CE is the Terrans ships are just reskinned red of the human faction ship models.  Tactical combat is fun, but at first it feels way too fast but there are speed options and pause if needed. I really wish there was more than 2 variations of ship models per frigate, destroyer, etc. as there isnt a actual ship builder like GalCiv 3, but mods can fill the lack of variations.there are some tactical options in combat, such as dodging enemy missiles/fire by hidding behind asteroids, but for the most part fleet engagements are really determined by the quality of your weapos/defenses and a combination of ship numbers or higher quality ships. Starllanes are cool in that they help funnel fleet engaements, which can be very helpful for the AI because there is only a few directions where they can attack you, which in turn forces head on battles and really cuts out the cat and mouse other unrestricted 4x games have.Empire/colony management is very easy, and so is the pollution and gravity mechanics; you can leave it on autopilot, but you really should manage all pop assignments and production choices to get the most out of it. There are some UI annoyances, like when adding a modification to a weapon, such as making your missiles hardened to resist point defense. The tooltip says the weapon will take 50% more of its base space on your hull, but the weapon card will only show the base vanilla space cost; forcing you to do the calculations your self. Some tech descriptions on the tech tree were cut off on the top of my screen, its little UI stuff like that that can be annoying, but its all minor.I definety recommend this as a rts and a 4x fan. Especially If you can get it during a sale, keep in mind that unlike alot of other games with dlc factions, this game doesnt allow you to face off againist them as AI unless you own the dlc, same goes for terrans if you dont own the CE."
76561198065192083,Not Recommended,298050,28163686,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,tomadams614,"Can not recommend lastest  update.  Game hangs randomly and have to cntrl alt delete to get out.  Tried reinstalling, all mods off. nothing helps."
76561197960784983,Not Recommended,298050,28165912,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,VeXeN,"Not worth it, waste of money everything in the DLC should have been in the retail game since it was clearly unfinished."
76561198263810456,Not Recommended,298050,30269327,Posted: 1 March,all,Uncle Nubbs,"WARNING:  Do not buy this game or any game from Wargaming (WG) Labs.  Four months after release they stopped supporting it, the last patch was Dec. 29, 2016.    There are still many bugs and performancde issues.   DON'T WALK; RUN, RUN AWAY from WG Labs."
76561198300729936,Recommended,298050,22982660,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,igorlpmartins,"The new MOO is the best ever created, but we need to improve the combat system. MOO combat system (ship and ground) needs to be converted into a completely turn-based game.Each character ship or ground troop had their own turn in order, depending on one of their stats. So, We will give importance more importance to strategy than tecnology. We could also position yourself through move actions.  Where you can either queue up a bunch of characters, or do each character separately. Plus positioning and what attack/skill to use when, etcSuppose I merge ships with sthealh device (normal armor) with ships with heavy armor in the same fleet. I need a way to divide fleet in combat (sthealth ships would attack when enemies near of heavy armor fleets)."
76561198030820805,Recommended,298050,21580136,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Pook Nukem,"Having hundreds of hours in previous MOO games, I am liking what I'm seeing with the early access so far. Great Job!"
76561198050832901,Recommended,298050,21621608,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,i 69 EarthShaker,"Taking into account that this game is still in its alpha phase, I am loving it. I spend most of my time playing Space games and the few that truly keep my interest over the ages have been Endless Space and Master of Orion 2. The flaws that made Master of Orion 3 boring, dull, and overly time consuming effort spent in the micro managing department are gone. I was skeptical over the introduction of space lanes but after playing the game for a bit I feel that the space lanes do nothing to hamper the gameplay and the ability to construct Military stations at the entrance of these lanes that you control give me a feeling of security. No longer can random races travel my territory if I do not have an Open border policy with them. The space battles are solid and for what it is( Alpha ) I am overly pleased. I cannot wait to see what else comes from this finally ressurected behemoth of a franchise"
,Recommended,298050,25189619,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Blue Ball(CAN),"Imagine Master of Orion 2 remade in an extremely sleek interface, good voice actors that completely resemble the appearances of Civilisation 5 and Civ: Beyond Earth.The only downside is the unbelievably SLOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOW traveling speed and fixed warp points allowing bottlenecks. Otherwise good.75/100 , would grade more if slow traveling and diplomacy could be improved.tl;dr, looks like a (super mod) of Civ5 of Master of Orion scenario."
,Not Recommended,298050,25339155,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Beugnen,"PROS ------ Pretty aliens- Diplomacy- Auto ship designs and upgrades- build queues- auto governors (yeah looking at you Civ5)CONS ------ Clearly a ""work-in-progress""- basic UI design; feels ""empty""- cheating AI. One of those= ""as soon as you go OVER HERE, you get attacked THERE"" or= ""as soon as you start to build a starbase, it will get attacked"". Like 1 minute into the game- annoying GNN- annoying music- annoying voice- annoying advisorsIt's not bad, but there are certainly better 4X games out there"
76561198047125082,Recommended,298050,21557779,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Shaunn,i put in a few hours as u can see and i beat the game once..few bugs but noting game breaker.as it stand now i recommend the game.the gfx are very nice and the things u can do man lol its awesomethe ai is smart enough to give u some challange but once u get a big fleet your unstopable.but before u think its a game breaker read on.right now theirs is only 1 AI difficulty its a early access so dont think avrything is perfect they are still working on it and they do listen to the community.my first 3 battle we hardcore as i did not know what to do but i as long u research millitary and starbase fast you will be fine.the only thing i find bad about this game is that their is not alot of option right now to costamise your maps.so i say if u like 4X game this is one of the best so far beats civ5 by far for me anywaygfx are niceAI is awesomeVoice acting is awesomeGNN with event ON is cool they do pop up alot when u have event ON and they do warn you when a star will go supernova ect..thec tree is well done i find all the things i research quite usefullThe battle are nice u can control your ship or let them play out on auto but the battles i love them lolthats about it what i think of the game so i hope it helps you to choose to buy it or not.like i said if u like 4X game i am pretty sure u will like that game its really well done and 1 more thingi find the people of wrote bad review all played like 2 hours  lol u cant juge that came in 2 hours of gameplayand i play world of warships and i can tell you that they do listen to the community and they do good gamesthx for reading and i hope you enjoy the game if u buy it and support them.
,Recommended,298050,25177005,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Rantoc,"What to say, its Master of Orion with very much improved gfx and sound. Its clear the developers worked hard to maintain all parts that were great with the original, yet carefully add some extras wich was done really nicely without breaking its spirit so the end result is a really good.If your into this type of game i can definatly recommend it and even if your don't, this could be an great time to try/retry the type.My 2 cents of this!"
76561198013632145,Recommended,298050,25236594,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,FireStorm20,"I must say i was a big sceptic about this MOO reboot, but  in a spur of the moment decision i bought it.And i must say im having  a lot of fun. Its a classic 4x but very well made and balanced. Your every turn decisions feel important, and each aspect of the game seems fleshed out and polished.So in points:+Great long tech tree with balanced techs and giving you a feeling of prgoression and achievemnt.+ Your every turn decisions feel important.+ The AI seems good so far.+ The tactical combats are fun.Ship designing is simple, but very important with meaningful decisions.+ Teh galaxy has enough planets/anomalies/monsters to be interesting and make you expolre to find the bestest planet for your next colony.+ The  defense stations/modules are well balanced and allow you to organise a defense. I noticed many strategy games nowadays have problems with it.+ There is a lot of winks towards old MOO which is nice for old farts like me:)- I dont like the art  direction . I cant say it isnt well done in the style they choose, but for me it got that fantasy pastel  a bit childish vibe that annoys me. Cartoon is fine but you can go Ghost in the Shell cartoon or Gummi Bears cartoon. Assuming  a 4x strategy is aimed at a bit more mature audience , the style baffles me.So for me its a very good game and im glad i bought it.It just all the parts mesh together to create a really fun and relaxing experience.You might have problems with it tough if:1- The very strong art style annoys you even more then me.2- You hate starlanes3- A very well executed 4x standard mechanics doesnt sound good for you, you want something revolutionary."
76561197971775274,Recommended,298050,21512689,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Chris5626,"Is this game Master of Orion 2 with updated graphics? No.Is this game *better* than Master of Orion 2? Better is subjective, I very much doubt it will be as iconic as MoO2 was.Is this a promising 4X game? Yes.There are a lot of people on the forum slamming this game because it isn't a carbon copy of MoO2, MoO2 was a great game but if people just want MoO2 they should probably just play MoO2.The developers have made if very clear that this is a re-imagined MoO, if you like your MoO as it is and don't want it to be re-imagined then this isn't the game for you and it was never going to be the game for you.The game is presented very well, it is easy to get in to, the UI is intuitive, the mechanics are clear, management is easy. The AI needs work, the different races don't feel that different and there are a real lack of victory conditions right now but all of these things are listed by the devs of things they are working on.There is still a lot of work to be done on the game before it is at the level it should be which is why it is in Early Access but the game right now works and looks good which is something you can't say about a lot of Early Access games."
76561198030926305,Recommended,298050,25168291,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Bossonova911,one of the best games you will ever play...  there is a simplicity to it that is very charming and the only downfall in my opinion is that it is not turn based combat....  the combat takes some getting used to.
,Recommended,298050,21563790,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,BMF,"I've been playing MOO, looks pretty good, however it's missing some stuff (not because it's EA, but basic stuff like):+ Battles look nice+ The game overall looks very polished+ production / food / research system looks very cool, if you assign people, your overall productivity / worker decreases. Very logical and new, a like it a lot+ Research tree is pretty long and nice. I also Like the fact that at somepoint you have to choose between 2 or 3 of the real applications of a certain theory. Much better designed than choosing from two fields imho.+ Colony screen looks good, I would however like to have the pollution shown in the empire screen. There are couple of bugs there with the notifications of pollution, it tells you you have a polluted planed and it jumps to another planet, I guess it will be fixed.+espionage... nice concept+ trade treaties... good way to make some extra money if you have the capital- I would like to have a trade concept where you can transport food. There is an export / import system but It's minimalistic- Something that a lot of 4xgames do not understand. Food is not the main driver of reproduction in a colony. Food is only a show stopper (law of the minimum), if you don't have it, but lots of food does not mean more people. Look at Europe... lots of food, but stagnation.- Ground battles suck, building ground military sucks, I want to be able to control the pace of building my ground forces- Cannot transport people from the empire screen... hello? MACRO much?- AI may still need some improvement, but they already did a big step"
76561198014761182,Recommended,298050,22134212,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Azuviir,"I will gladly give this a thumbs up as soon as they give me the ability to mute the ♥♥♥♥ing annoying advisors. I am not playing half the races because of this. The voices are just aweful, just want to tear at my ears whenever they open their piehole.**EDIT**OKay I can shut the advisors up. YAY!!! now can someone explain to me why the psylons don't get to research all the tech?"
,Not Recommended,298050,28514159,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,ShenHua,"I was going to make a full review of this game. Recommending it. Till I found out that there is no tactical combat, and only auto-resolve for battles in multiplayer. Until that changes I can't possibly recommend this game. If you want to play a MOO with autoresolve, just play FreeOrion, which is, yes, a free game. You'll be better off than playing this game in the current state. Or simply play one of the classics.Again, there is plenty of good things in this MOO, and it's ok to play a few times in single. But with a multi without tactical combat, or at least the ability to watch the battles in spectator way. The game just isn't worth the price tag. It's a good start. A base of a game to start from and add to it, perhaps in an expansion. BUT, the fact that there is autoresolve only in multiplayer makes it targeting a much narrower group of players who have many other titles to choose from if they wanted an autoresolve driven experience.So I have to sadly add MOO to the list of failed space 4X games that didn't live up to their full potential. If you want an actual 4X in space done right. Check out:Sword of the StarsEndless SpaceMOO 3 (Strawberry/Vanilla/Tropical modded), MOO 2(Galciv 3 could be a great choice too, but since I haven’t played it yet I can’t really recommend it)Otherwise today's 4X games, keep being released either with no multiplayer at all, or with this kind of crippling decisions to make it autoresolve only. This niche of players, who want to enjoy what was a standard 20 years ago - space 4X games with multiplayer and tactical combat. Before this “less is more” ideology came about and ruined franchises like Command and Conquer. Must just bite the bullet, and realize that today making games like Sims is more profitable than actually making good space 4X games. Or so it seems. This is not just the problem of this MOO. It's the problem of whole industry as you can list all good space 4X games on the fingers of both hands if not just one hand on Steam. Sadly.EDIT:In addition to the above. This MOO's community is very toxic. Filled with 12yos and trolls. People on the LoL and CS level. Yes, it's that bad. You post a review, or you write a suggestion on forums and get trolls attacking you ad hominem, insulting you, saying f you. Maybe it's because it's done by Wargaming, and people from World of Tanks are here? Or is it because all the adults and actual MOO franchise fans left this failure long time ago after the end of EA? I don't know. But this new Orion's community is nothing I'd recommend anyone getting into. Best avoid it and go to places where you can actually spend quality time with adults instead.EDIT2:Some UI related things also make you cringe. There is no sitrep. Instead we get icons above end turn button. That you can't filter with the priority of important and less important stuff, they are all displayed in line. And you then ""dismiss"" each one of these. And since there's no sitrep list, you can't bring them up again, unless you reload the game.GNN news can't be paused and when skipped they don't give any summary of what they were about. You can turn them off completely. But that's all you can do about it. So if you happen to be busy or get a phone calll at the time the GNN news plays... well, there's no DVR option to repeat it and no summary, no sitrep. Which again is an example of lazy design of the UI that might be ok for a mobile game but not really for a PC game.EDIT3:Might be because I'm playing not on the highest difficulty setting at this point. But so far the AI is very dumb (so some people keep saying this is a single player oriented game... well, then it sux even more because AI is very dumb). Example that you can always replicate. Fly with your fleet to the enemy system. What will the AI do? Instead of putting their fleet in a stronger position, say, to defend the homeworld. The AI will move ALL the forces from the homeworld, to meet you at the warp point. Where you can first take out the fleet, then move on to the homeworld and take out the space station and other defenses without their fleet around. Yes, it's that bad. I also remember in previous MOOs, especially MOO3 AI was pretty aggressive from the get go. While here AI is camping, sitting idly and attacking you only if they randomly get a cue for it. So the game feels way too easy and with no pressure put on you.EDIT4:Found more balance issues today. So turns out that when you get a truce with an AI faction, you guys can't have any battles for the duration, right? So how about all the fleets and outposts blocking the warp points during the truce? Simple it's very one sided favoring the dumb AI. During the truce:AI can pass your blockades (outposts, fleets stationed and guarding the warp point). BUT you can NOT pass the said AI's blockades yourself. Making a ""truce"" with AI simply ""Give AI some space"" deal. Ridiculous."
76561197962958397,Not Recommended,298050,26377851,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,JackMcCrack,Keeps crashing while loading main menu on start.Tried to find solution. Finaly requested refund.Worst liunx game experience so far :(
76561198009782895,Not Recommended,298050,26853774,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,GabberDoesLinux,"not much choice, your hand is forced by the mechanics.gets boring real quick"
76561198040521597,Recommended,298050,22876016,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,krammitman,"I'm rewriting my review. Originally I had given this game a resounding no for its lack of adherence to the moo formula but I have to hand it to the devs for listening to their community. They fixed the racial traits, random race picker, tech tree issues and many other things. This game is now far closer to the MOO formula we all know and love. And while I'm still not a huge fan of the RTS ship combat I understand that this is a new entry in the game and they have to mix things up somewhere. If they just carbon copy moo2 with updated graphics then its not a new entry its an update. I do really like what they have done with the pollution system on this version though. In other MOOs a portion of your production was lost to pollution clean up. In this version you have to burn turns of production to clean up your pollution. You have to ballance between production and clean up. The one major thing that I think is still missing is the ship refit feature, in previous moos you could take an outdated ship park it at one of your planets and spend production to refit it with more modern tech. The only way to do that in this version is to spend mass amounts of BC which makes it almost not worth it. I'd rather sacrifice my old ship to the guardian and build a new one in 20 turns then spend 2800bc on an upgrade. Would be nice if i could spend production on that instead of money. Other than the RTS combat and that flaw if you like MOO give this bad boy a shot."
76561198084662595,Recommended,298050,22054229,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,knightblaster,"This is a very promising early, yet polished, version of a sequel/fan-service game for the Master of Orion series.If you like old school 4X, you will enjoy this title, although remember that it isn't quite finished yet.  What we have is a very polished early access game that is very playable and fun.The most controversial point is the way that the combat is handled, which is similar to, say, Sword of the Stars, rather than MOO2.  Some like, some dislike, but be aware that this is how it is, and know thyself, in terms of whether this is a gamebreaking issue for you.I am enjoying the game, and so I am recommending it.  It's a fun reiteration of the franchise, and a nice addition to the 4x genre.  Thumbs up."
76561197989465110,Not Recommended,298050,27998680,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,dleather,I wanted to like this game... I loved the original... But this is just a lazy update to the old game.. a bit better graphics and that's about it as far as I can see... Sorry WG but just very lazy
76561198026196457,Recommended,298050,32757632,Posted: 24 June,all,Mrrshan68,"I feel i should defend this game somewhat, it seems that alot of the reviews are from people who are either elitist or nostalgic for the original games from the 90's.On its own this game is actually quite good. Its very well presented, has an intuitive and simple UI and its very fun to play.Its a great entry point into a genre thats traditionally a brick wall of confusing mechanics and spreadsheets.If you are a 4x vet though maybe look elsewhere since this one is very much streamlined for quick playabilty as opposed to in depth micromanagement.So yeah take any negative review with a grain of salt, alot of 4x gamers are either elitist (MOAR spreadsheets!) or they grew up playing the original games and are disappointed that they didnt get those with modern graphics/ui.Not saying its a perfect game but the most common negative points are seriously overblown."
76561198092410302,Not Recommended,298050,26146050,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,scapheap,"I would not recommend this game for the price because it far too basic.There no really diffence between the races. Sure there are diffences like the spiders make more and the science guys get all the tech when the choice of tech come up, but they don't change one play style. Take Endless Legend and throw out the cult(one city only) and Nerco(only war) since they far out. The rest still have major traits that will effect one's playstyle like the valter have a huge boost to science, but they need science to get that extra science so they will hunt out snow areas because they have the best science or reserch tech that allow science to be gotten on areas that don't already have science. Meanwhile Master of Orion's science guys get extra reseach and bonus tech. There no drive to get one planet over another beyond what another race would look for because they are the same. The rock guys are the only race which has anything near this quailty because a lava planet is good for them while very poor for everyone else. Also the tech trees are the same for everyone. Not really an issue, but when the races are so alike in mechicals, I needed something.The tech tree had no game changer. No moment of 'I can now make use of this.' or 'Now I have a counter to that race's ships.'. It all just numbers. That would be fine, but once again, MoO needed something good and the tech tree fails.Planets are boring. They have low, normal or high graivty and maybe a +2 resoure that can't be improved. There also size(how many people), Bio(food) and ore(making). It doesn't matter, just build the same order of building.Spying never been good in any 4X game I've played and MoO has not changed that. Moving on.Fighting...................................there it no strategy here, just keep all your ships in one or two fleets, throw them at anyone weaker in numbers then you. Run away from the stronger till they have to chase you into a spacestation then fight.So, not worth £23. Far too basic in mechical and the art not much better."
76561198051353427,Recommended,298050,21900343,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Prince,Fun!
,Recommended,298050,25192148,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,kazereal,"Civilization..IN SPAACE!And in a good way :)Similar to ""one more turn"" you want to keep going and playing, researching and exploring, building and conquering.For fans of turn-based strategy, recommended! :)"
76561197970523437,Recommended,298050,25203541,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Mikey-2-Guns,Basically an updated version of MoO1 & 2.  They could have added some more gameplay elements like ship experience and civilization/goverment policies.  But if you liked the first 2 games you'll like this.
76561197976010521,Not Recommended,298050,26722276,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,GoForTheEyesBoo,I previously wrote a positive review for this game but since then patches to the game have changed gameplay to point where it's not the same game I paid for. The released version wasn't awesome but it was ok for the price.  The patched version just isn't fun anymore. But what really upsets me is the contempt they show for the gamer community by producing games this way. If players don't put down their feet and say enough of this♥♥♥♥♥♥the game producing companies are just going to get greedier and greedier while their product quality goes to crap.
,Not Recommended,298050,29073267,Posted: 6 January,all,eat my soup,"I wanted to like Master of Orion: Conquer the Stars. I really did. I was a huge fan of MoO2, which this game receives heavy inspiration, but this game has one fatal flaw: the loading times. In MoO2, fighting computers made turns almost instantaneous. By around turn 300 in this game, you will spend as much time NOT playing the game as you do playing the game. I tried to finish this match through conquest, but I can't. The game feels too much like work, and issue I rarely had with the second entry in the series."
76561197998936099,Not Recommended,298050,30112692,Posted: 22 February,all,Angelbane,Laggy and abandoned ... I have always loved MOO even Moo3 but this just hurts.
76561198141160869,Recommended,298050,22637633,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,boldviking,"Fell in love with this game watching a lets play of it. Just bought it prerelease 3, with Linux support :D. I have to say, that this is one of the better early access games. You get a big fat write bugreport button in the main menu and which lets you report everything that is crappy/buggy. This is by far the best feature of the game.The game is playable, there are still some balance issues, texture issues, issue issues. But nothing that really breaks the game (except the occasional crash xD). I really love all the fully animated advisors and the cutscenes,To make things short, this game receives a lot of love from the devellopers, which means that in time this will be a great game and s great entry in the Master of Orion history."
76561198004847479,Not Recommended,298050,25960312,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Fenrir,"It's very bland. I wanted to love this game like its predecessors, but it feels empty and limited. I played Stellaris before this and I think that's the reason this feels so bare-bones. I can't recommend it as it is over too quickly. The game feels short and with so few races and differences, it has little replayability. The universe feels cold and empty of things to do. It's so limited by start lanes, unstable wormholes that artificially divide the game until a certain tech is reached, and planets you can basically colonize regardless of species only limited by resources and food. It's a shame, it has had a legendary run as a franchise. Maybe I'll try it again with more content/DLC and workshop add-ons. Right now it's a yawn, start to finish."
76561197978006096,Not Recommended,298050,26682355,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Commodore,"I was very disappointed in the racial traits menu.  I designed a lithovore, tolerant, lava breathing, pollution immune race.  You would think they would thrive practically anywhere.  You would be wrong.  I had a large colony on a swamp planet.  I thought pollution immunity meant, well, pollution immunity.  However, after a while the biome degraded and now the planet had a smaller max population.  Doesn't seem like they are very immune to pollution to me.  Also, why should a jungle planet yield a higher population maximum for this race than their preferred 'inferno' it makes no sense.  I wanted to like it.  I really did.  I have played every master of orion game.  2 is the best.  This one is lack-luster at best."
76561197975744062,Not Recommended,298050,31137574,Posted: 14 April,all,stuguy909,"I love 4x.  But I have to say that I am disappointed with this title.  It was too cinematic, too flashy.  Too lovie dovie, cutsie wootsie, and dumbed down for my taste.  I did like the combat when it got fixed, however.  More money was spent on voice actors, presentation, and marketing, than core game content.  The original MOO kept me up all night, hell, I didn't sleep for days because I had to finish one more turn.  I guess I am just old now, and this take on the same old doesn't have that gravitas to reel me in.  Stick with the GalCiv franchise.  It's far superior in every way."
76561197963468862,Recommended,298050,22152823,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,csmdgeist,"I have not played long enough to warrant a solid review. However, I believe with enough input, this revamped MOO could be better than the original. I'm one of those MOO guys who loved MOO2. That said, I believe a fusion of both the new MOO and MOO2 would be worth playing."
76561198020729018,Recommended,298050,21551797,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,ZeroGman,"They marked this game as Early Access so I'm assuming they will add many of the features I feel is lacking from this game in it's current state.As for the main gripe I read about the 500 turn limit, I suspect this will go away since this release of the game (as of Feb 27th 2016) is the earliest release.I recommend this game, not highly, but just plain recommend it.  I do see how they were trying to stay true to some aspects of Master of Orion 2 (MOO2) but other parts of it feel lacking.  Considering all they have to do is take MOO2, update the graphics and sounds, and CHANGE NOTHING ELSE to get an amazing game, I'm surprised nobody has done this...After the crap that was given to us as MOO3 I had wrote off the Master of Orion series, thinking that MOO2 would just be a legendary game that other 4x titles would aspire to reach.Pros:- Graphics are impressive- Voice Acting is very very impressive- Races have personality- UI is efficient and unobtrusive while still providing everything you need- Mrrshan's never looked and sounded so... good!Cons:- Diplomacy is... dumb... No point in actually doing it now except to hear some of the excellent Voice Acting!- No custom races... yet?- Racial traits feel very underpowered, traits provide such a small bonus that it doesn't really matter who you pick- Ship design is extremely limited (See suggestions below)- Taxes are problematic in large empires pick +1BC per citizen and you don't make enough, but everyone is happy, pick +2 and make WAY to much, but some population goes on strike.  Needs more tweaking.- Tech tree feels small compared to MOO2- What happened to fleet and colony leaders?- Space Monsters are borked... I took down the Space Eel with one Destroyer and one Frigate with about a fifth of it's Offensive rating.Suggestions:I am sure most of these have been suggested by others and I will be posting about these in other forums on the MOO website in hopes of being heard or at least considered.Custom Races with meaningful racial traits- This isn't a suggestion, this is a requirement.Fleet and/or Planetary Leaders- In M002, were they very powerful? Yes.  Too powerful?  Maybe.  Still, they added something more to the gameShip design choices- Why can't I put more than 2 specials or 2 weapons on a frigate?  Why can I put 4 Augmented engines on one ship?  How come I can't put on the Point Defense mod with autofire and continuous Fire?  Various other weird decisions were made regarding this, but I suspect this will change since it is still Early Access.Miniaturization- I miss this, it is what made using some of those old technologies over new ones actually preferable in many situations.  Maybe I want to fit 3000 Plasma cannons onto a Doom Star to blow out my old Sound Blaster 16 card like I used to.Weapons are bland- Some weapon choices are odd, but I don't like it that I can replace 10 Lasers with 10 Neutron Blasters for the exact same size cost.Combat needs a huge overhaul- MOO2 was turn based, we want turn-based at least as an option.  I kind of understand why many games don't do turn-based combat because it is very very easy to exploit AI weaknesses.  Also, why can't I retreat?Space lanes?- Seriously... wtf...  you used to be limited based on the range of your fuel cells, but now you can go EVERYWHERE from turn 1.  M002 didn't have space lanes, you could go from any system to any other system in range, seriously, this has to go...Overall, I give this game many more negatives than positives, but I see where they are putting effort into it and seem to be trying to stay true to classic MOO elements so I'm excited to see where they will take this game in the future."
76561197991200900,Recommended,298050,21972244,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,House_Ordos (AOD),"Has a lot of promise, while still staying true to most of what we enjoyed from Moo2. I've read what is yet to come and it looks like after official release the game should be quite fun. My big complaint is that they do not have any sort of cinematic for the resolving of Ground combat that we had in Moo2. Sure ground combat is still sort of auto-resolved with the user viewing while ticks of losses occur to player army and enemy army, but i enjoyed seeing a visual que which Moo2 gave us so we can see our troops die."
76561198035450493,Recommended,298050,22095940,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,JII,"Loving it so far, but I would like to let the developers know the 1 area that needs the most work is the strategy element in the actual real time battles. As it is right now you cannot control enough of the battle to make any human difference on the outcome. That said this is brilliant so far."
,Recommended,298050,21538674,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,M4DDOG,"MOO2, Star wars: Empire at War, and Civ 5, are 3 of my top 5 favourite games I've ever played.This game is like a love child of all 3. It has the classic MOO2 feel, with the modern day mechanics that the other 2 have brought us.This is the game that MOO3 should have been all those years ago (still to this day the only game I've ever returned).The voice acting is top notch (and if you take a look at the cast, you'll see why!).The graphics are crisp, the interface is intuitive.The tactical battle introductions are amazing, however the battles themselves are pretty much pre-calculated (IE, it's pretty obvious who will win). One feature from SWEOW they carry over is the cinematic view of the space battles, love it!For an early access game, it is incredibly bug free. There are some very minor bugs I've hit, but they're not game crashing by any means and easy to get around.The only other complaint I have is that there aren't more leaders, and one of the key features (custom race) is not yet available. Once the game fills out more, this will be right up there with Civ 5 as one of the best games I've ever played.I would highly recommend this game, I've already completed 1 game, and keen to start playing the other races."
76561197995351267,Recommended,298050,22682470,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,SirScottland,"Awesome game! I was so happy to see a remake of the original! Im very excited to see where this game goes, early development and its pretty good. Keep up the good work guys!"
,Recommended,298050,25212024,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Namoge,"Updated review for release of this gameOpen up with.. this is a redo of an old game to modern standards with its own vision.Basically  this game feels like a spiritual successor to Moo2/moo1 not a reskin of moo1 or moo2.I would even go as far as to say its Civ5 in space.. but done better in some aspects.The building system,  ship design, research and races all feel reminiscent of Moo2 but with improvements, older players can just pick up the game with a small learning curve.It takes the real time combat and star lanes from Moo3 and to me makes them work better, judge that as you will some like starlanes, some don’t, the debate over that will not be solved here as everyone has their own view. I do think it could use some form of off road with a large turn penaltyThe real time combat seems ok.. just ok. It could use more depth, more control over the ships, more detail in what is going on.. and a larger battlefield to begin with.. thankfully this is just a meta portion of the game and though it can be improved.. it can be overlooked.The game adds some of its own twists, voice acting and a few other things like actually having to watch your finances to avoid going broke.The AI is getting better at building and expanding.. but again its combat tactics and ship designs seem silly still.. but vastly improved over the earlier builds.Diplomacy is ok, but could be better.. not enough options it feels and the AI's really seem to not work together leading to it feeling like a cluster of 1v1v1v1 with no cooperation between non player sides. That being said that has been an issue with many 4x games.Really enjoying the games take on Spying so far.. id like more options here or more effect from existing options.. stealing tech really seems to be the only decent option... would like to see some form of optional automated spy option.. or some way to reduce the micro for those who dont want the micro.Pollution control i rather like.. if you do not clean up your polution your planet devolves to a different biome. Some dislike this as they feel its too micro heavy.. I personally enjoy it.Colony management still needs work (moving population in the Civ window is still not present)More Tech is needed with a few more building options in terms of ships. Though that is a minor issue.. it just would improve the overall experience.The game is stable, has had some performance fixes all in all improved with each patch.However it still has work to be done and a ways to go before it becomes gold.I still really am enjoying the game and still get that ""next turn"" feeling.. it still feels like a nice comfy chair that I am returning to after a long break.I still am quite comfortable recommending this game to new and old fans..I will just say however.. this is not moo1 or moo2..  if you expect moo1 or moo2.. you will be disappointed.. this is its own game :)"
,Recommended,298050,25244312,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,sporked,"+Great production values (great leader voicing and event narration, design, animations, art style and music)+Runs smoother (and gets through AI turns faster) than any other contemporary 4x+Has that Master of Orion je ne sais quoi+Core mechanics are well-balanced and solidly built-Some mechanics are obtuse (""+6 damage reduction""? ""+4 city tiles""?), and there's no in-game encylopedia or help system-The advisors are all great at first, but they mostly recite the exact same two lines every time you unlock a new tech (and those same two lines will be ~90% of all the spoken dialogue you'll hear in a given game)-AI is terrible, especially around diplomatic deal weighting and colony capturing (I've yet to even see one build a troop transport - they always just bomb colonies to death), and indistinguishable between civs-Manual battle mechanics are kludgy and unresponsive at best-General severe lack of variety in the experience (galaxies mostly look the same, AI races mostly behave the same, everyone says the same 2-3 lines dozens of times, colony micromanagement gets more and more repetive the later you get in the game, etc.)Overall it's a solid-to-good successor to the previous MoOs, it's beautifully polished on the design level, and the framework is all in place... but it's also a highly repetitive experience without a lot of extra muscle on that framework. Providing mod support and better customization options (especially colony renaming and starting condition options) would resolve most of the issues I have, though, and move this up from a hesitant recommendation to an enthusiastic one."
76561197972052573,Recommended,298050,25314468,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,tastethecourage,"Fun 4X game. Keeps things simple and has great production values (beautiful galaxy map).I understand there are many MOO vets that are turned off by the simplicity, but I appreciate it. I can sit down for 30 minute stints and feel satisfied with my progress. My appreciation for this game might be a byproduct of me not having time to invest in more complex games like Stellaris.Hope even more features are added to the game as time goes on."
,Not Recommended,298050,29999776,Posted: 17 February,all,sudmongki,"I feel like traveling in spaceBut over time, it seems that repetitive and boring gaming needs to be fixed"
76561198052347191,Recommended,298050,25240905,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,AuronBlake,I'm really in love with this game. Sure it's not so complex like other 4x games but its simplicity makes it fun.
,Recommended,298050,21537847,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Murmaider,"The game currently is a glass half full. There is a lot of missing content and many needed fixes. But it is early access and the developers are lissening to the gamers that want to see the game succeed. I have seen in recent chat with developers that they are making HUGE upgrades to the game in the near future, from balancing to much needed content so stand by for that. I would wait on buying the game if you cant handle the missing content, though the game is good now it just seems to get boring after getting into late game. I would recommend looking at what the community is talking to the develpers about and see if you like what is coming down the line for the game and all the suggestions being made."
,Not Recommended,298050,32897242,Posted: 27 June,all,IIIStrife,"Master of Orion fails entirely as a good remake of the best entry in the series Master of ORion 2. Just buy Master of ORion 2. Costs 7 dollars and is mechanically better in literally every single way.3's only good parts were an intensely more longer tech tree than 2, a more interesting galactic senate, a bit more options for racial picks, more factions, more starting empires in any single game, terraforming's increased complexity that's wholly ignorable, which I liked, fleet creation, designing starbases and the New Orions.Otherwise it never happened, there's a reason why there's no officially titled Moo4, even if this game is THAT exactly.First off, it's a remake, what I'm going ot say is already irrelevant due to that.I've however played Moo 2 since it came out and I've never really stopped playing it for anymore than a week at any one time. I will be reviewing it as a remake of Moo 2, so the following will be a Pros and Cons list of simplified bullet points.Pros:- Most of the factions look really good versus how they were in 2. Save the Klackons, and (in my opinion) the Psilons. Klackons shouldn't have pupils and Psilons really don't need 4 arms.- Voice work is great, save for the Klackons after a bit. 6 hours of playing as them, and now I want to burn them alive.- System structuring is just fine. Not complex, which is good. Up until starbases.- Trade Goods and Housing is here, though you gotta research Housing for literally no good reason. Gotta learn how to build houses in the age of space travel. Okay. Might be confusing it, however, for Trade goods, which makes just as little sense.Cons:- The Mrrshans are for no reason, entirely a female race. Who's idea was this?- No Racial Specials.- Less non-specials for Racial Picks, making this and the above point result in making custom factions almost totally pointless in a way.- Real time combat with as much control if not a bit less so than Moo 3, which people often hated the most about it. People want control, and to be able ot walk away from combat to get water/food or do chores, or they want time ot think, hence why people kept asking for Turn-based combat.- How you build starbases is just arbitrary, construction ship has no real point for that when the colony itself could just handle that directly.- Freighters are a thing you can physically destroy, which sort of makes them a pain in the butt.- Star Lanes. In short: They make Combat stupidly simplified, when it's simplicity, yet depth in MOO2 was it's main strength IMO. Oh and it's just lazy. Endless Space and Moo3 are not good games, mostly because of Star Lanes. Though ES's combat system makes that game worse than Moo3.- Race pack DLC. Just why man. You can make your money, just make a good game FFS. World of Tanks probly pays enough to make a DLC-less game FFS. Worst part is, they aren't the Terran Khanate, but the Elerians, Gnolams, and Trilarians, which should be free, since those are base game races in Moo2.- Morale is too hard to keep up. Moo 2 didn't have that and it was good due to it. Civ's design isn't strong and hasn't been since the very first game in it's series, irregardless of what ""critics"" say about it. It shouldn't scale off of population numbers, otherwise it gets too hard to manage, or harder than it really should be.- 30 dollar price point. Moo2 is 7 dollars normally. I'm a firm believer that the age of a game should never deteriorate it's pricing if the price is good for what you get. Realisticlaly, this is more a 20 dollar game. Moo2 is a good 30 dollar game if not 35 or 40 for what it is.- Ship design is just worse than in other games, including 1 and 3. It's not any better either.- No miniturization from researching tech tree branches.- You can't design starbases. The only weak point of Master of Orion 2 is this and only this. So what's the point of this remake's existence if not to just cash in on nostalgia?All in all, versus Master of Orion 2, which is a superior game, still being patched (look up Master of Orion 2 1.50.8, it come with a launcher that allows online play without port forwarding, even if you are hosting), and on steam for literally 25% of the normal cost of this game.For those that think ratings are a good idea, my rating for tihs game is a 2/10. You may think I'm judging it too harshly and comparing it entirely against Moo 2, but I'm a firm believer that remakes for video games is as pointless as ""how to Breathe"" seminars. Remasters? Sure, those make sense entirely, but Remakes, unless they do the same stuff as what was the best in the remade series, and do either as much, or even more better stuff, they justify their existence.This game doesn't justify it's eistence, what it instead shows, is how absolutely lazy and terrible gaming has gotten in the last 20 years.If you can't make a game in the same vein, and the same style and formula of a game series that is literally legendary, then you should just quit your job or not even bother.Wargaming wasted their time and apparently the old MOO2 devs have no idea what made MOO2 so great and what made MOO3 so terrible.After reading this, now you'll know more of why MOO2 was so great.Would've rather we got a remastered version of MOO2 1.50.8 with star base designing and massively improved mod tools. Would've been easier for them to pull off in hte long run and the game wouldn't be at Mixed twice over for ratings."
76561198049842374,Recommended,298050,34767814,Posted: 5 September,all,Evis,MOO CTS plays it safe by rehashing MOO2 with modern technology.  It's hard to fail at that but then it won't be anything revolutionary.   The most significant difference is that the map is a bit more like MOO3 with choke points - requiring more strategic selection of systems.  That's an upgrade.The style and artwork of the game is great.The game is much better balanced than MOO2 - but still stays true to the nature of each race (making some very OP - *cough* Elerian *cough*).  It's for the better IMO.  Where balance fails is with the fast pace of science (then you're greeted with science points contributing to nothing but score once completing the tree) and the slow pace of population growth.  Fortunately these can be tweeked in settings.  Set growth to fast and tech to very slow.The biggest and most significant negative is how brain dead the AI is.  It is by far the most predictable and utterly ineffective AI I have come across.   It's at least better than the impossibly brutal AI of MOO3..In the end it's good enough to be the MOO game to play for the modern gamer.  MOO2 is still amazing and you should play it but MOO CTS will probably get much more play time.   Definitely worth a buy if you like turn based strategery.
76561197978606536,Not Recommended,298050,23988624,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,MAD,"Pretty but Dull.Because of the fixed and predictable tech tree each game tends to unfolds the same way.Your opponets don't have any unique and destinctive tech, they have what you have, or will have or use to have. Hardly makes it woth spying on them.Combat is dull:You start over here, they start over there and you charge one another. As there is very little input from the player you end up being a spectator in your own game. yayYou don't decide what to shoot or who to shoot at, the AI does that for you.You select a squad and the AI makes the fire decisions, usually badly.eg A cruiser shooting at a group of frigates, it will shoot up one, take a bit off it shields then switch targets to an undamaged frigate. Nothing ever gets killed, meanwhile the frigates eventually wear you down. You will find yourself muttering ""Just pick one and KILL IT""eg Battleship with multiple weapon batteries vs frigates. Each battery can easily vaporise a single frigate but the AI will shoot ALL batteries at one frigate vapourizing it multiple times over while the other frigates keep comming. (That when it isnt shooting up asteroids) (and I thought these gunners ere supose to bew professional.Missiles no longer have ammo restaints so become just another damage X weapon.Weapons are dull:In Moo2 you had shield piercing weapons, armour piercing weapons, weapons which did extra crew damage and other which did extra structural damage. Different capabilities made things interesting. Thats mostly all goneEvery weapon tend to be like every other weapon, just different damage levelsLaser Dmg 5, Rng 50Neutron Blaster Dmg 9, Rng 50Gravaton Cannons Dmg 25, Rng 50same special effect, same ranges, dullGround combat:Not even sure if its implemented. You can have Neutronium armour, barrier shields and plasma guns and the cave men with spears and animal skins will kill you dead.Invading planets is such a pain 4 men at a time.Planetary governors are idiots.You tell them to focus on research. Yep they will do that to such an extent everyone will starve to death. When a planet maxes out population they wont scale back food production. The excess just gets dumped, Its not like you can even send it to other worlds to help them grow as every polanet is essentially independant. Your not an empire, you just a bunch of independant worlds sharing the same flag.Even moving people between planets is such a pain as it now requires you to build one man non-reusable ship to move a single person.Planetary growthPlanetary growth depends on food production and not on population.Does this mean that your people are canabels? How else to you explain why population growth depends on surpluss food.Fleet overview:You will have ships and you will have no idea what there armed with as the only time it lets you inspect your ships is when you're in combat.The Fleet Screen is somewhat useless. Need to find out where your lost ship is, you have to go through every ship one at a time, they use unique symbols which don't mean a lot and even when you find your ship you don't know what there armed with.You can't even find out what the ship your currently building is armed with.Diplomacy:Remember when you could always rely on the Psilons accepting research treaties or Gnomorions  accepting trade treaties, not any more. Each race now has the same diplomatic personality and that personality is 'jerk'The AI offers you 62 credits for your star maps and gets progressivly hostile if you refuse them.You offer them 1000 credits for their maps and they feel insulted.Trade and research treaties now require cash and lots of it but since all the AI's tend to be broke you can never entice one into a treaty.Your ally will progressivly become less happy with you each time you refuse to accept a tech exchange with them.Ally: Give us Stellar Converters we will give you Atmospheric Renewers.You: No thanks we already have Core Waste Dumps and don't need your backward tech.Ally: Your a meanie, -1 to approval rating.Ally: Give us Stellar Converters we will give you Atmospheric Renewers.You: No thanks we already have Core Waste Dumps and don't need your backward tech.Ally: Your a meanie, -1 to approval rating.You: Shut up and go away I will give you Core Waste Dumps if you give me your #$%^ Atmospherics Renewers.Ally: Don't insult us with your pathetic trade offers.You: Argh, please let me demonstrate the fully functional Stellar Converter on your homeworld.Exploration:There are worlds out there with different biomes, desert, volcanic, swamp, toxic, radioactive, etcSo what, you can settle them all, you don't need any special tech to cope with hostile conditionsthey just give you less food.Espionage;I actually think the new espionage system is quite good.You can choose different types of missions you wish to undertake.The only downside if so can the AI. One moment your world is happy, next moment their rioting in the streets and have left the empire. No warning, no build up, pow it just is.Game play:I start on my own little subsector with one AI opponent and dont get to interact with the rest of the universe untill I develop a special tech which lets me travel unstable starlanes .It's awefully contrived.What about starlanes that can only accomodate small ships, that way I can explore and meet new races but my ability to wage war on them is limited untill some future tech advance.Or what about giving me the option to have unstable starelanes at all.The AI has no clue how strategically valuable  the Multyistate Insulator or Jump gates are and often get left behind to die slowly.Empire screenWhen your sort the not so compact spreadsheet it would be nice if it remembered your sort and actually moved your scroll bar to the top of the new list.As for sorting via production I have no idea what there actually sorting, its not alphbetical, its not production time remaining, its not buyout cost, its not planet name, I have no idea but just trying to findout when the next battle ship is due to roll off the production line and save you in your hour of need takes Sherlock Holmes to work out.Planet screen:Need to be able to set a Range limit when seaching for new planets to colonize. ie sort by Biomes all planets within 10 turns of travel.It would also be nice to know that a prospective planet is actually reachable or if another faction already has claims to the solar system by colonizing another planet in that system.Fuel:There is none. Another piece of strategic play taken from me.Crew XP:Doesnt exist. It may be on its way but not yet.Reverse engineering capture ships:Not implementedHell, you can't even capture ships anymore.Finding tech on captured worldsNot implementedResearch:When picking between technologies it would be nice to be able to review the tech tree to see when a similar tech is available in the future.ProductionWhen I finish building something it would be nice to know what I was building before asking me what new item I want to build, especially when terraforming.Upgrades:It would be nice to know what the AI has in mind before I select upgrade.Bases:It would be nice to be allowed to design your own bases.Do I get to play this game or just observe?Upgrading Ships is too easy, you can do it literally anywhere, build a listening post and you can magically reconfigure your ships instantly just prior to a battle with no down time. Customisen your ship at the last momement.Why plan when you can instantly turn a defeat into victory?It just feels so dumbed down as so many options and choices have been taken away from me.I sincerly hope the developers reflect on what there doing.I am just so glad that there activly trying to improve the game."
76561197990974440,Recommended,298050,28127076,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Radecliffe,At 450+ hours played and counting I have to say I am really enjoying this latest release of Master of Orion.  Now if you were looking for a clone of MOO II then you are going to be disappointed.  This is its own game but it does continue the tradition of the MOO series.Most of the races you remember from MOO II return for this latest installment though some are not exactly as you might remember.  The same goes for technology.  A lot of it looks the same but don't assume any of it is an exact copy.  For me it is a nice blend of nostalgia and new features.One feature that has some people irked is the inclusion of starlanes.  Personaly I don't see the problem but I also enjoyed Space Empires and they used starlanes too.  Once you get jump gates you will hardly notice starlanes anyway.Another issue to keep in mind is that tatical combat is real time as opposed to turn based as it was in MOO II.  In smaller battles you still have a lot of control though in the larger fights there are just too many ships to effectively control in that environment.  The mouse controls are still a little clunky in that regard too.  There is a pause button so you can stop the battle as much as you like to give orders for movement and firing.Finally I have to mention the UI.  This is one of the best designed UI's I've used in recent memory.
76561198021032603,Recommended,298050,21659531,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Stryfe,"In a nuttshell this is a fun game.    There are plenty of reviews from folks giving this a thumbs down and I've read through most of them.   Nearly every negative comment is due to the game not being finished yet, I still don't understand the folks who buy an ""Early Access"" game and expect it to not have some issues with it......c'mon people you are basicaly play testing for them so they can have TONS of input on what to fix before the full launch!Things the Devs are working on that most have commented about.  The AI is crap, yup it's extremely easy right now and they did that for a reason.  If you make it too difficult, and we all have seen that, then folks will simply throw up their hands because it's frustrating playing against an AI that is basically getting inside information or has built it cheats that allow it to progress faster.  Having a true balanced AI is extremely difficult, but they are working on it.Combat can be improved upon but many of the comments I've seen are bunk.  You can control your ships to a degree, you can select which targets they shoot at, you can change formations, you can send them anywhere on the map you want (in groups or individual ships).  You cannot choose which weapons to shoot and you cannot target specific things on the enemy ships.  It's very simplistic combat that you can actually effect the outcome of the battle.....I know, I've tested it many times and have watched my fleet lose battels they would normally easily win by me making bold and too aggressive actions.  I've also won fights that I probably would have lost if I had not manipulated my ships properly around the map.Deplomacy is something that the Devs have said is a work in progress.  Not sure what these people are talking about that the AI players are forcing them to give up tech or they ""get mad at you"".  Um, yeah, that's kinda the way the world works presently so it's only fitting.   The AI will get upset if you don't share but it doesn't attack you, it doesnt do anything other then pout.   No matter what you do though it really doesnt matter, the AI is so easy to beat you can share all you want and you will still win.  Again, it's something they will ramp up later and then we'll hear all the crying about it being too difficult.The game feels very old school, is a lot of fun to play, and will get better as they add more races and tweak the AI.   Any game that I can sit down and start playing and by the next time I look at the clock it's 5hrs later is a thumbs up!"
76561198009147414,Recommended,298050,25176807,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Rick Astley,"*WARNING* Possible spoilers ahead'I have only played this reboot of the ""Master of Orion"" series for about 4 hours, but already I see the immense detail, time and care put into the game. Firstly, they hired top notch voice actors *cough cough* Mark Hamil *cough cough* . They paid these actors probably hundreds if even thousands of $$$ in order to have this game in top quality standard before release.Secondly, the actual structure of the game and lack of glitches and bugs are absolutely fantastic. The way that they designed the ship paths around stars and the way that everything was animated really made me feel like I was commanding a galactic empire. Good ol' M.O.O.1, the legendary M.O.O.2 and ESPECIALLY the godawful M.O.O.3 do not live up to this new competitor. And dont get me started on the AAA graphics.Lastly, the way that they structured the gameplay is fan-f***ing-tastic. The A.I is so well developed that top players from Stellaris, M.O.O.2 and other strategy games lose so often to the A.I. The A.I will do the most seemingly random things sometimes, such as blowing up your space-factory when they are on the verge of defeat in order to distract/annoy you, they might give you technology and befriend you even though they are more advanced and they may even destroy you before you have researched Xeno Relations. They are just that good!In Conclusion, we can see based on my experience that this new iteration of the ""Master of Orion"" franchise lives up to the legends of old and then some. I Highly recommend this game to all those that are looking for a fantastic, humorous 4X strategy game."
,Recommended,298050,22593366,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,⟐ ΔŁǤØŁ ⟐,My only quetion is where are the Antarans?
76561198035057471,Recommended,298050,21646714,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,idiin,loved it
76561198035919386,Recommended,298050,22749978,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Vertigom,"If you liked the old ones then you will like this new one too. For once they haven't changed stuff around too much, just a really good new version of the good old games."
,Recommended,298050,25268976,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Boxleitner,"The best Master of Orion since the first release. It's stable, fun, multiplayer friendly and beautiful."
76561198275922575,Not Recommended,298050,29076212,Posted: 6 January,all,Button Mash,"This is a buggy, annoying game, that could have been great, but it's not.It doesn't work with multi-monitor setups, unless your main monitor is to left. It also just assumes your monitor is 16:9, and looks horrible and stretched if it's not. When I first tried to switch to window mode to changed monitors, it glitched and I had to kill the process. I had to disable my second monitor to play at first. They have since fixed the window mode freeze, but it still doesn't read settings correctly. I have to switch to window mode, move it, switch back to full screen, switch to another app to fix the scaling, and then switch back. I don't know if this is only on Linux, but multi-monitor setups are almost common now days, and it should work correctly.The tutorial is extremely poorly designed. In one of the first steps it it tells you that you can click a fleet and select individual ships to split them off. You can't. The ship window doesn't show in this part of the tutorial. Next it will have you explore planets in the system. Then the adviser will recommend that you not place a colony on the planet, except you have to place a colony there for the tutorial to continue. At this point, trying everything but what I was supposed to, I thought the game had frozen, and I killed the process. It hadn't. All clicking is disabled, including the menus, so you can't quit, enter the settings, or start a new game, or even exit. Huge design flaw.The entire time I was TRYING to play through the tutorial, and getting extremely aggravated, the voice of the tip adviser kept going off, saying things like ""Excuse me, Mr President."" There are even more of these alerts than during normal game play, due to it being a tutorial. If it was not possible to turn off voices, I may not have continued to play. I have not become so aggravated with a game for as long as I can remember. Frustrated, sure, but not aggravated like I was due to the tutorial. It's also not actually a tutorial. You simply follow the instructions, with little or no choice in your actions. You're better watching a video. It's way less aggravating.A few seem to want to forgive quite a bit for letting fans of the previous games down. I think that's a mistake. Many people bought this, and will buy it, due to the previous games. If they can make money off fans, they can deal with their dissatisfaction. It kind of does fulfill nostalgia at least, with better graphics, but it's not even really a good game. I think there are enough negative design decisions that many may hate it, whether or not they played the original games.I myself was a big fan of Master of Orion 2, and MoO 3, to lesser degree. I didn't dislike Master of Orion 3 because it didn't live up to the previous game. There were things in both games I disliked, but there were a few things I liked better about MoO 2. This game not only doesn't live up to the previous installments, but it's buggy, and makes a few changes that make the game less enjoyable. The designers seem to have completely abandoned it as well, which I think was a huge mistake. This game is ripe for DLC & online play, IF they fixed it, and continued to work on it.Pros:Master of OrionAwesome graphicsCool voice-oversResearch suggestionsResearch targets combine multipleYou can go into the tree and select something a few steps forwardYou can turn off the voicesCons:Tutorial sucksVoices get annoying fastGNN is extremely kiddish and dumbMany characters seem cartoon-ishRaces too heavily influenced by animalsNot complex enoughAI extremely basicMost time is spent micro-managingCan't see or adjust population from Empire pageBattle UI sucksPoorly designed status updatesColony Base doesn't settle planetsNo research queueNot easy to start a new gameBuggyThis game is not all bad. If you have a kid that likes sci-fi and you want to introduce him to 4X games, this might be a good choice. The graphics are remarkable, and they have an all star cast of voice-overs. Because the game-play is a bit lacking though, all the fancy graphics and voices just felt like shine to me. I honestly don't think the game was ready to come out of Early Access. They have a very fancy start to a good game, with a few poor choices that nearly cripple it.Most of your time will be spent choosing the next thing to build. The auto-build also disables itself any time you add something to the queue. You can definitely start to feel like you are simply micro-managing through much of the game. It gets really boring. I don't think I've finished a single game yet. The page to manage multiple colonies at once, the ""Empire"" tab, is crippled, so you're constantly going through every planet, which is annoying. The research suggestions however, are one of the best changes they made, and really help speed up your choices in research.The auto-turn is also very poorly designed, and it can blaze past important things, including hostile forces. It only stops when you NEED to do something, so you have to keep your mouse hovered over the button.The ship combat AI is a pain. Trying to control a fleet with a mouse sucks, so you'll likely just click to auto resolve it most times. It is nice that they have multiple ways to resolve a battle though. I would have liked to see it further developed, but that's unlikely.One of the things that is very subjective that I disliked is the races. They're a bit too heavily modeled after real animals. Some of the choices seem straight out of a kids movie.There's also DLC races available. I think their presentation was a mistake. I would have preferred a button to get additional races. This would have also allowed them to add additional races at a later date. The way they did it makes it look like the game is incomplete, when not everyone will even want those additional races.The GNN news updates are just plain stupid. In previous games they were a little silly, but nowhere near as bad as they are now. At one point, when talking about a population boom, the male robot actually asks ""You do know where babies come from, don't you?"" Seriously? WHO thought that was a good idea? Who thought that was funny? The whole game has a very cartoonie and kiddish feel to it.The research tiers are almost exactly the same as from previous games. It is likely that they took the exact tiers and simply made some minor alterations. Some of the alterations are nice, others not so much. I would have liked further expansion. I also would like whoever decided to change the colony base to get a boil in an unpleasant area.This game was released before it was ready, and abandoned. The production company should be ashamed."
76561197965948358,Recommended,298050,25272331,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Sykarus,"This is an excellent 4x game that has all of the spirit of the original MOO2 and more! Easy to learn, hard to master. The only thing I would ask for is to further polish and refine the game. It was just released, so I think they could put some more time in it to make it even better. I like the fact that they tweaked the tech tree and combat so that it gives the game a more balanced feeling, especially if you are playing multiplayer. Choosing the right ""technology item"" from the tech tree you unlocked makes the game much more interesting to play. My recommendations to the devs are make it so the ships icons match the look you choose for the ship instead of generic icons, give the user more control and the ability to view more stats during and after the real time combat battles. Finally, continue to tweak the A.I."
76561198046766712,Recommended,298050,21516927,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,NewtonThug,"Really Like this Game, even though it is unfinished (open access), it is fully playable and a LOT of fun.I made a small review of the game if you want to check it out, feel free!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fOXxivyWaPM&ab_channel=IronFist"
76561198133167814,Recommended,298050,21565401,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,paulkobylarz89,ME LIKE IT :P BUT COULD BE LONGER THAN 500 TURNS
76561198053182444,Recommended,298050,25310094,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Probitas,"Not too sure about this one. I'd like to try the Terran race, but don't want to rebuy the original MOO titles (I own them already). Adding the race behind a large pay wall is wrong. I just wanted THIS version, not the others."
,Recommended,298050,22810176,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Storm,"its not bad so far, but still needs a lot of work. looking forward to see how this game is like in like 8 months"
,Recommended,298050,22884979,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,[TIGS] starsrift,"Not a bad game at all, and if you have a lot of nostalgia for the original MOO, this game should be right up your alley. There is nothing wrong with it.That said, this game cleaves very closely to its 1990's roots and ignores the advances in 4X games that have occured since then. If you're frugal with your gaming dollar, you would be better off buying Endless Space, Stellaris, or one of the Galactic Civilizations. In fact, if your appetite for 4X goes past sci-fi, there are number of other products awaiting your purchase over this MOO instead, such as Warlock 2.I feel like this is a hard criticism to levy at a group of folks who are lovingly trying to reintroduce an old game to a new generation, but the simple fact is that this genre has advanced, and this MOO reboot ignores those advancements in favor of nostalgia. MOO:CTS is simple, old-fashioned, and sweet. Don't expect any more than what you see labeled on the tin."
,Recommended,298050,22946785,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,jtkphotography,"This is an interesting and rather good reboot of the original Master of Orion. This was one of the first 4X games I ever played and enjoyed, and this reboot lives up to the original feel. The game play can be a little buggy at times, but it’s still in development.All the original races are brought to life, they interact better with the new advances that AIs have made since the original MOO came out and it makes the game enjoyable by actually having challenges between the races.+The voice acting is an added benefit, not a something at I would say is the reason to play but a nice bonus.+The HUD is simple, yet detailed enough to understand and find the data you need.+Technology is broken down into trees that you have to make some choices to advance, and it allows a deeper level of strategy planning into the sciences.+Graphics are definitely better, and are still based on the core of the original game. The ships are better designed for racial visuals and they also allow for a more customized look at each race compared to original MOO.-Diplomacy is a little buggy, and could use work to balance it out.-The News is more annoying than in past games.Other than a few bugs here and there, the game is awesome. I would highly recommend that you buy and play if you are a fan of the original. This is a good re-boot of the original Master of Orion from nearly 20 years ago."
76561198097813158,Not Recommended,298050,25299476,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,[KRAG] Canterlot Royal Guard,If you want an enjoyable strategicaly deep and rewarding 4X game play Masters of Orion 2. This simply feels like it's missing half the game.
76561198006596475,Recommended,298050,21599379,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Blackwolf,"Keeping this simple.An interesting remake of Master of Orion, but with a little bit of a Sid Meyer Civilization's system in there. Have really enjoyed it so far. Takes me back to the Original when I giggled like a little girl about designing my ship.Would recommend if you enjoy 4x. Even though it is Early Access, I found no game breaking issues. Was able to play a game smoothly and I plan to play a lot more."
76561198000600045,Recommended,298050,21604015,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,ArmoredBlvr,"It might be a little simple for you uber-micro-managers, but I found it not only kept me awake, and that is hard for a 4X game to do, but kept engrossed all day long; I ended up having to turn it off for sleep.The voice acting is top notch, as well as all the visuals. You cannot directly control the ships while in combat mode, but it's EA and anything could change.The world building is simple, but not tedious; they need to fix the production function, you should be about to ""idle"" your production if you need to for whatever reason.Shipbuilding is pretty basic right now, but I love the ability to upgrade new weapons and parts for the ships to make them better.There is a good variety of buildings to populate your new worlds, science, entertainment, weapons, troops, etcI would recommend this game as long as you understand it's EA and it's just the tip of the iceberg to come"
76561198061820029,Recommended,298050,21572089,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Wulf,Absolutely. It feels true to the original game. Good start. What it might need is some more graphical animations and extra events. But so far its great! :)
76561198030902476,Recommended,298050,25216093,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,vanbosje,"It captures the spirit of the originals.  No, it does not have the depth of Civilization but it has a space theme and is a lot of fun."
76561198030075396,Recommended,298050,24217311,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,gtate.us,"If you played Master of Orion 1 & 2, this is finally the sequiel you've been looking for.  Even though it's pre release I find myself playing over and over again just like I did with 1 and 2."
,Recommended,298050,25188089,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,John Rambo,"It is not an easy game, I'm having a hard time learning this, but I'm loving it so far!"
76561198009035820,Not Recommended,298050,31759112,Posted: 14 May,all,eemikers,"I can't give it a real rating if I can't even play the game to the finish. I have yet to finish a single game so of course this is very unfulfilling. MOO, please fix the infinite loop processing time. And while you're at it, fix the later game long turn wait time. I've got a blazing fast PC, so can't blame this on my side. Then I can finally love this game."
76561198212617777,Not Recommended,298050,26362103,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,ShadedHunter,"1 November 2016. 1443 MST.I purchased this game roughly two weeks ago, and loved it. There were some frustrating moments, like AI opponents all being warlike and wanting to invade my territory within ten turns of first contact unless my military capability was larger than theirs. But today's update has changed this dramatically. The update removed the ability to actively remove pollution from a world. It also increased the amount of pollution that buildings and people produce, while the buildings that are supposed to passively remove pollution haven't changed. The net effect is that developed/developing colonies WILL destroy their ecosystems with pollution and there is now nothing you can do to change that. You will be stuck periodically re-terraforming every world you inhabit.To make matters worse, today's ""update"" has changed the gravity tolerances of all races that have a gravity tolerance that isn't total. It used to be that all races in the game could handle normal gravity. One race could handle low, one could handle high, and one could handle all gravity conditions. Now, if your race has a gravity tolerance other than normal that's the ONLY gravity level your race can handle. To make matters worse, normal gravity worlds seem to be roughly half the worlds in any map seed. Low gravity SEEM to be 25%, and high gravity SEEMS to be the other 25%. The nail in the coffin is that  the one and only building in the whole game that can change a world's gravity level will ONLY change the gravity level to normal. Net effect here? Two races in this game have been rendered essentially unplayable. There is no possible that you can ever be competitive playing either.It grieves me to say that I can no longer recommend this game. I find myself in the position where I have to apologize to two people that I bought the game for as a gift, as well as the others I've recommended it to. DO NOT buy this game. Run. Run and hide."
76561197963366138,Not Recommended,298050,25441347,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,RudeDro,Only auto-resolve on multiplayer combat! :(
76561198031946595,Not Recommended,298050,31173528,Posted: 16 April,all,jesus_patriot,"Developers of Master of Orion! Develop game, fix bugs, please.Pros:1. Nice graphic, map.2. Good tech tree. Choose 1 from 2 - is good. Look also Tech cost progression like in Endless Space 2.3. Nice idea with space engineer, gas stations e.t.c.4. Good pollution mechanic.5. Ship designer is OK.6. Tax system and morale - is OK.7. Engine mostly stable and good.8. Decreasing efficiency per pop of production and food - nice idea.9. Good turn events system.10. It's mostly working and OK, but very unfinished (see What to fix).What to fix:1. Planets inside systems. It's difficult to manage so many of them. There is no cheap colony ships without warp drive. No transports.2. Battles are buggy. Torpedoes sometimes fire in back direction from target and possible arc! Buttons not working properly.3. Cannot alt tab on MacOS X4. Cannot attack pirates colony with troop ship.5. I'm not sure, but probably there is overflow in production. For example if you have 20 production per turn on planet and build ship costing 42 production, it will take 3 turns and you loose 18 production for air!6. AI is very stupid. Also AI cheating7. Races are not so interesting like in Endless Space / Legend. Only cyborgs (need 1/2 food per pop), psyonics, stones (race without food, but also bugs - build new colony and get building +1 food with 2 coins maintance. cannot sell it). What about unique techs, buildngs, actions?8. Heroes are primitive. 1-2 basic abilities. And you can only increase them.9. Resources are primitive. No strategic and luxury resources. +2 science. Not even +2 science per pop.10. Planets are very similiar. No unique effects.11. Exploration is boring. No events. Looks also on Probes in Ednless Space 2.12. Morale of pop don't depend of planet quality13. Building when colonize new system (gives +1 food). Why I cannot build it? Sell it? For cyborgs it's important building very.14. What about altternative ship moves?15. Culture and influence?16. Minor civs. +3 to science on planet in their system. It's very nice, especialy when in their system there is only 1 planet: tiny lava.17. Quests?v54.1116.04.2017I cannot recomend this game for gaming and fun. It's can be just interesting for who like see new games, mechenics e.t.c."
76561198033914124,Not Recommended,298050,25057479,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,WalonVau,"As a whole this game is a good concept. That's about it.This game is plagued by minor things that make it frustrating at the best of times, and unplayable at the worst. Between modules not working at all, to point defense working when it wants to, random crashes after encounters, and developers who don't want to share any progress on the game, not to mention numerous community complaints seemingly going unheard, I can't recommend this.Don't buy it, not yet. It's a polished turd as it currently stands, and unless things change dramatically that's what it will remain. A turd, a very shiny turd."
76561198023851958,Not Recommended,298050,26392513,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,jay.schantz,"The recent patch broke the use of the Multistate Insulator, I think for everyone since I can't travel outside my cluster and I haven't seen any new ships enter the cluster."
76561198100097056,Not Recommended,298050,30142846,Posted: 24 February,all,Starcrawler,Awesome game until the memory leak ruins it at around the 100th turn ... it takes longer waiting for your turn than the time you spend using your turn. Would've love to see the maps mature but with the delays it just isn't worth playing the game
,Not Recommended,298050,32786815,Posted: 25 June,all,Sauromon,"Less than three minutes into this P.O.S. crap I had to Alt+F4 out of it, because the tutorial is total garbage. It forces you to click only on one specific thing and gives you ZERO details on anything else on screen. It says 'do not colonize here' but forces you to do so. any tool tip pop ups dont show except for the one single button it wants you to click.In combat it popped up an anying message that YOU CANT GET RID OF no matter what you click or what key you hit.and TURN OFF THE AUDIO for the love of god. Everey f**king pop up 'one moment captain' or somesuch, CONSTANTLY.Three minutes. Thats as far as I got before this steaming pile of over-hyped garbage made me want to smash my keyboard.Whoever made the tutorial should be shot.This was worse than Galactic Civilization III's tutorial, AND IT DOESN'T EVEN HAVE ONE."
76561198009452403,Not Recommended,298050,27864811,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,robert,"I was a huge fan of Master of Orion 1 and 2, not so much 3. I was hoping Master of Orion would re kindle the first game and it is a good attempt. However, the game just does not feel finished the AI is pretty poor and lots of balance issues. A little annoyed I paid to be a beta tester rather then for a finished game."
76561198294092092,Not Recommended,298050,29805375,Posted: 9 February,all,Slammy,"According to Steam I have now played this game for a 153 hours. Here is my impression to date:When the game works this is a noble and fantastic remake of Master of Orion 2. Unfortunately,  the problems I have experienced have occurred many, many hours into the game. The problems have  made completing any game I start impossible so far. From reading the forums the game appears to have other bugs that appear at unpredictable times.In my first game, after 400+ turns, I still could not travel through unstable star lanes. This after researching the technology to traverse the lanes. I did report this is a bug but I did not have the time to keep following up with tech support on the issue. In my second game I installed a mod that did not have unstable star lanes. That game was going well although  some turns were taking half an hour to complete. My laptop would also sometimes overheat and freeze between turns. However, my desktop did not lock up. Unfortunately, the mod creator updated the mod this week and now I receive an error trying to load my save games. I manually loaded the old version of the mod and unsubscribed to the newest version of the mod. However, I still cannot load my save games. After 153 hours of play time I have been unable to finish a game due to bugs.I see that many others are not having these problems. Maybe I received a bad copy or something else is buggy or not configured on my end. I hope that is the case because the creators did a really great job of modernizing MOO2. However, again, just browsing through the comments there appear to be many bugs that pop up.Bugs aside, I stress this is a MOO2 remake. I spent probably over a year of my life playing MOO1 and I have conceded that no one will ever make true remake.  MOO1 had a simple interface using sliders from the main screen that controlled almost everything.  I found that interface much easier for controlling an empire than having to open up each planet individually. This remake does help in that regard by allowing the user to click through planet to planet without going back to the main screen. That is a time saver but I still wish the planets could be controlled in a way similar to Moo1.I can nitpick a small book for everything I want to see in the game but I think they did a good job overall recreating MOO2 minus the bugs.  Unfortunately, I do not have the time in my life right now to keep trouble shooting my games.  The really frustrating part is spending two weeks, dozens of hours with several hundred turns getting into the game I cannot complete. Feels like a huge waste of time.I am going to wait a few months and to see if any of the upcoming updates solve these issues. My recommendation is not to buy this right now unless you enjoy the possibility of becoming a beta tester."
76561198032752183,Recommended,298050,34121940,Posted: 9 August,all,Subtactrics,"MOO2 stands out for it's art, sense of humour, tactical combat and (re-)playability.Conquer the Stars (CTS) redelivers the formula with some great innovations that eliminate or contextualise some of the more annoying aspects of MOO2 (speaking as someone who has sunk... *ahem*... some time into MOO).The default game is great but the ""5X - The Ultimate Balance Mod"" is better - definitely a lot better than MOO2.The FeelsThis game has good assets, if ya know what I mean  ;)I enjoyed the music a lot when I started playing as it has a great drifting-above-it-all-in-space sort of vibe.The game art and UI are iconic rather than detailed. Personally I think this is a great move if the game is going to be your re-playable 4X go-to.Useability is king in 4X and many good titles have been subtly aggravating due to an overabundance of detail in a UI already laden with icons and numbers to interpret. The simple lines, contrast and typography of CTS make it accessible enough for new 4Xers and fast enough for veterans.That being said, the leaders, planets, backdrops and cut-scenes are all great and deal up the atmosphere at the right time in contexts where it rewards an achievement or adds a dose of flavour to what would otherwise be a workflow diagram (ah 4X, we love you).The StratsWell I've lost my last two games and I wasn't even on the highest difficulty or trying to challenge myself so there must be something there  :)MOO2 and CTS both have an unusual talent for making the mid-game of a 4X playable. In almost all 4Xes, the winning strategy is to gear up for the AI's first assault, win it on favourable ground and then conquer them while they're rebuilding their armies. Then you have 2 players worth of resources and the game is more or less won.For extreme difficulties, this is usually achieved by exploiting particular glitches of the AI (for example, stealing workers in Civ).In MOO, the glitches are part of the gameplay and evolve as the game progresses. In the early game diplomatic relations take time to worsen so wars (usually) don't kick off immediately and a bit of compromise can help you eke out a small empire with a weak early game race. And mid game allows ship designs that can use the player's RTS skills to out-manouver opponents and gain marginal advantages against a superior foe, allowing your strat to play out.Where this differs from MOO2 is that espionage sucks♥♥♥♥♥and is completely pointless. Where once a game with Darlocks in it would mean a bunch of unexpected wars as they framed you for their misdeads, they're a free conquest in CTS. I haven't played the balance mod enough yet to see if they've fixed it but there are some obvious improvements so maybe.Tactical CombatBefore I start, I think I need to mention that I play twitch games like MOBAs and FPS so I don't have a mechanical challenge to overcome with realtime combat.I like the tactical combat and the sense of needing to micro properly with some kinds of ship designs is really welcome, as is the faster pace for larger battles.That being said, I probably like Endless Space's approach of more cinematic battles with a surprisingly deep poker-ish card game over the top of it more. Star Drive 1 & 2 definitely get the prize for having the most intelligent system but also having computational complexity issues that really hurt the quality of the game a lot. Stellaris's combat is just boring and the ships look awful.My criticism is in the lack of numbers. Why can't there be numbers and rule text flying everywhere!??! IMHO, that's what people are actually missing from the original experience - there's no feedback that your design is actually working.OMG, is this still goingI have no idea why I'm writing a review for a Steam game. I think I'm procrastinating... I definitely have better things to be doing.  :)I, and others, were very disappointed with a lot of what Wargaming initially released and it was hard to understand where they were coming from (seriously, some of it was pretty dumb). However, it's in a really good place now and the 5X balance mod is the best thing since candy and cocaine. Happy gaming."
,Recommended,298050,32634170,Posted: 21 June,all,LuciditySam,"While I did not play the original three, I played a significant amount of this game and have enjoyed it quite a bit. This 4X strategy game has you pick one of several interstellar species for galactic dominance. If you've played any of the Civilization games, you know the goal already. The game starts off pretty good but in late-game, things tend to drag. I haven't had any heart-pounding moments where this could be the point that makes or break my civilization. Not to mention how some species are clearly better than the rest, which can lead to some pretty imbalanced games if you're playing without mods.It's not as deep or challenging as Civilization, but it was still a good time. Simply put, it's a decent game if you want a modern, sci-fi 4X game or simply want something familiar to Civilization but not the same. It's definitely worth at least checking out, but I would recommend taking a look at some YouTube vids of it (Totalbiscuit did a video on it and pretty much hits the nail on the head with this game). At $15 plus the 2-hour/14-day return policy Steam has, you definitely can't go wrong but I can understand some hesitation at $30."
,Not Recommended,298050,33131650,Posted: 2 July,all,Gruehagen,"I was really looking forward to this game since I have been an avid fan of the MOO series. I love the graphics for the new races and have enjoyed a number of this on the game but just seeing too many things that ruin this game.Normal game in a large galaxy. Nothing special just a generic game. I run into the Silicoid who by round 60 have colonized their 4th system and somehow have a fleet of 2 destroyers and 12 frigates.You could not ask for more definitive proof that the AI is just plain painfully bad. In case you are saying that it is possible. Then add in that the fleet is 8 jumps from its home world.So magically they have built 2 colony ships, 2 destroyers and 11 frigates in the first 41 turns.I love the artwork for the races .. Will probably just take a screenshots of the races and uninstall. My avatar pic sums up this wreck of a game."
76561198029743753,Not Recommended,298050,26129346,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,StarFishon,"too casual for this type of game. no real strategy or tactic, no hard thinking, you will do the same every game.i bought this game even that i knew its very shallow, i bought it because i want to give the devs a option to make it a real MOO game, real strategy and combat tactic. maybe one day its will happen..."
76561198030833586,Not Recommended,298050,26393844,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,sushiboat!,"tl;dr - unoriginal, repetitive gameplay that will bore all but the newest 4X gamer.I wanted so badly for the MOO reboot to be good. What they released was a nice clean foundation for a 4X strategy game that looks and sounds great, but gameplay comes first, and in gameplay it barely competes with 4X games from the 90s, much less games from today.I'm not complaining because I have nostalgia blinders for MOO2. I kinda like the introduction of starlanes, for example. But here's where this game falls short, starting with the worst flaws:1. shallow gameplay mechanics -- actually fewer mechanics than MOO2. Races are nearly uniform. Planets are nearly uniform. Ships and weapons are nearly uniform. There's no government or empire policies to choose, no dampening effect to make forming new colonies a tradeoff. The only innovative mechanic I can think of is pollution from production requiring periods of cleanup, which requires thoughtful tradeoffs. (To my surprise, of this writing, a patch JUST came out that revamped pollution! This feels like ""if it ain't broke, don't fix it!"")2. Tedious, repetitive management of colonies, spies, and population transports.3. Overstuffed, bland tech tree -- the same old tech tree mechanic straight out of 1991's Civilization. And the tech tree is WAY TOO LONG considering how few interesting techs there are. The ""choose X or Y"" tech mechanic is reminiscent of MOO2, and sounds good in theory, but it doesn't play out as interestingly as you'd hope. The choices are often super lame, like, ""Choose between a free global +15% growth -OR- a structure you can build that gives +25% growth."" Whoop dee doo. It's a step back from MOO2, which had some gut-wrenching tech choices, such as a much better targeting computer or a building that gave a huge bonus to research.4. Too many flat, bland bonuses. Most of the buildings are just +1/+2/+3 to some yield. Building structures on asteroids and gas giants should be exciting, but again they're just +2 to some yield. The resources on planets are just +1/+2 to some yield. (A typical small colony of 3 population already produces about 9 credits per turn; am I supposed to be excited that this planet has ""gold"" which adds 1 credit per turn?!) It's like the worst aspect of Civilization: Beyond Earth, which also had boring buildings giving + flat yields.5. Combat is fun to watch, but it's built around a realtime, cinematic view with illegible small damage numbers popping up at unpredictable intervals. I can't connect what I'm seeing to the weapons and systems of the ships, so I feel no motivation to design my ships. This is a FATAL FLAW in a game all about decking out big bad warships with lasers and shields and running your design through the gauntlet of combat.6. It makes my MacBook Pro overheat and drain battery like crazy, which is surprising for a game that doesn't look like it should need such performance.I've started 3 games of MOO:CTS and I've quit due to boredom long before finishing any of them. The game is still under active development and patching, so there is hope yet that the game might get somewhere eventually."
76561198026567839,Not Recommended,298050,28431181,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,talkslow4me,"After reading the 100,000 reviews saying this game game sucks for the sole reason it does not play like MOO2, I had still very little insight on if this game was any good or not. I never thought Master of Orion was that good anyways. I am more of a Master of Magic guy :)But after putting some hours into it, I discovered this game is the very definition of bland and non-innovative. Like imagine using the elements found in every 4x space game out there and....thats  it! I kept playing through several campaigns and several races and discovered this game offered nothing new to the genre.To be fair this game is pretty bug free and is ideal for new comers to the space 4x genre. But that caveat does not negate how depressed I feel playing this game.But I feel guilty about purchasing this game and I think it sold kind of well too. It just promotes more bad game designs and pursuades developers to make more un-original games."
76561198023089901,Recommended,298050,21908202,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Vamosramos,A descent start for now.
76561198117392735,Recommended,298050,22487529,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,diabloalley,"Awesome game!  I've already suffered from a temporal warp, which ended up with my playing for almost 8 hours straight...  Am looking forward to the spies getting added, as well as more indepth diplomatic and combat AI.Well worth the money! 2 thumbs up :)"
,Recommended,298050,22510288,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Dontknowdoya,"It plays well and is very pretty. That being said, it still needs a lot of work, especially if it is to rival Master of Orion 2. I think after some more development and polish, this is going to shape up to be a great game."
76561197996206317,Not Recommended,298050,32830644,Posted: 26 June,all,Daybreak,"Sadly, this game keeps inventing technical challenges for me.I've installed it on 2 different drives with full permissions on all folders, child objects, etc... and suddenly now I can't save a game.   Reinstalled several times to both drives, no dice.  The stunning lack of effective answers on the subject has driven me away from the game forever."
,Not Recommended,298050,26835737,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,The Green Bastard,"This game may look good, yet duz not play good.Sorry Devs; too many crashes, and too many things missing to list that should be there.Needs more work."
76561198029999764,Not Recommended,298050,28192696,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Violet Kitsune,"They are charging us for DLC, that should have been in original game, even afte we paid for Early Access, with future DLC should have been included. Especially cheese DLC of just ""Basic"" races from MOO2Just wow....., wish I could take back my Early Access money."
76561198008260964,Not Recommended,298050,26476276,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Chyrotump,"I t would be a great game if they brought back the Antarans, but they didn't, so it isn't."
76561198347025782,Not Recommended,298050,28186409,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,eckjoshua,HUGELY DISAPPOINTING. Simply inexcusable that a game have this many bugs. Bugs like random ships simply disappearing makes the game unplayable. I loved MoO1 and 2 and was really looking forward to this iteration.
,Recommended,298050,25277371,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,L1ft,"Did anyone tell you it's like CIV? It's completely CIV. But many of the ""micromanagement"" things that make CIV so painful are streamlined, such as ""paths"" to territories being clear and allowing for geographical protection. Then there's the highly customizable combat system that really makes this game shine. It's not nearly as bloated as CIV, but does suffer from the same end-game tedium as your empire contains so very many planets to manage. It's weird to say it's better than CIV, seeing how much work has gone into CIV, but MOO keeps it simple, and I do think it's better, except that everything is abstract, at least with CIV you get real-world technology, not just abstract sci-fi stuff."
76561198034411912,Recommended,298050,25286805,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Jux,"Very nice reboot of the second game. Sure, there are some bugs, and I do miss the tactical turn based combat. But even in this real  time one - there are a lot of tactics and strategies to consider when building your ships and the way you position them on the battlefield.Also I'm sure they will make it even better with dlcs.. well worth the 30$"
76561198016588635,Not Recommended,298050,26151468,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Alan the Antelope,"Play MOO 1 or 2 instead, this has nothing new and actually a whole lot less to it.   Pretty graphics and expensive voice acting yet so painfully dull and unoriginal.   Fixed route starlanes creating pointless chokepoints, scouts that can explore then entire map within 20 turns, races that are indistinuishabel from each other except for bad voice acting from expensive actors.Seriously, go buy Stellaris instead."
,Recommended,298050,28613425,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,firewing2,"So I was trying to decide if I should make this the most postive negative review ever, or the most negative positive review ever...Some people complain that this is just MoO 2 with better graphics, to which I say, ""Um... that sounds like a feature, not a bug.""This is a fun game.  As someone who has been playing Master of Orion for 22 years (I mostly bought into this just to get a steam copy of the original series), let me tell you, this game is a lot of fun, and a true successor to the original series.  The art is great, the game play is exactly what the extraordinarily high standards of nostalgia demand...That said, even after the game was ""released"" it feels unfinished.  And after paying a *really high price* for a game while it was in beta (I never do that) I'm disappointed that they immediately turn to paid DLC to add races.If you're a fan of MoO, buy this.  It's fun, and you won't be disappointed by the game... You will, however, be disappointed at the naked cash-grab that is the development cycle."
76561198007624371,Not Recommended,298050,30739607,Posted: 25 March,all,antidecaf,It's like getting a shiny new corvette with a ford focus engine under the hood.Pros: looks good nice animations and voice overs.Cons: Lacks any kind of depth or just one click more addictiveness.Stellaris or Endless Space much better and continually getting new content.
,Not Recommended,298050,28219699,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Moandain,"Guys I think you missed the make with the DLC races. adding content like extra levels and things of that nature is true DLC and worth $9.99, but adding races is not true DLC. Addin a Race is like adding a Car to a race game. It should be $1.25 per race."
,Recommended,298050,22581062,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,OOPMan,"The new Master of Orion is a great entry point into a complex genre.Make no mistake, it lacks the complexity of many other titles in the 4X and as a result is much quicker and simpler to play.This is, in my opinion, a strength rather than a weakness though as the complexity of other entries in the genre at the moment (Endless Space, Endless Legend, Stellaris, etc) is more than enough to scare away potential players.As such this game will hopefully prove to be the perfect gateway drug into the 4X space for new players."
76561198032193791,Recommended,298050,22434777,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,MDB123,"Liking the game so far..as a MOO2 fan there are great many similarities that anyone who played the the original and MOO2 will be able to ""dive-right-in"" and play, the graphics are exceptional and the interface is very easy to navigate.  the only ""issues"" i have are:1.  There is no ""hall of fame"" for single player-whether you've won or lost, there's no score.2.  There are no leaders for planets or ships-for me the leaders were important part of my strategy-depending on one's adversaries your colony leaders could mean the difference between winning or losing.other than those 2 items the game has been a love of fun to play, looking forward to the complete version."
76561197972099888,Recommended,298050,22646790,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Old-Man,"If you liked the concept of Moo2 and you liked the visual layout of moo3 (which didnt happen), then this game is worth buying.I found it very fun, it is early access so there are some issues, major ♥♥♥♥ing issues but other than that it is great fun."
76561198025695794,Recommended,298050,25235809,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,immagikman,"Love this game, I think there is still some fine tuning going on as issues come up but....its a blast from the past and a worthy successor to MOO2   anyone who loved MOO 1 and 2 should like this."
76561198042307954,Recommended,298050,25272660,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,finnbogg67,"I just bought this today and have played a couple of hours.I have to say that 99% of this game is really enjoyable. I like everything that made the original MOO 2 such a fantastic game, that I still play today. The updated game mechanics, from exploration to research to diplomcay to construction, and graphics are very good and I applaued the developers for that. The new build options for planets and spaceships enhances the game in my opinion.The only part of this game that I am disappointed with is the space combat (I haven't tried planetary combat yet). I am not a fan at all of RTS so this element of it does not appeal to me in the slightest and doing the Auto version is not using the strategy element of the game to its fullest. Would there be any chance of coding in a Turn-Based version of this part at some point?The RTS space combat aside (I don't even like it with the 'Pause' feature) this game is really good and I look forward to spending many hours playing it."
76561198057350282,Recommended,298050,25277293,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,ZEROFOX,I came into this game knowing nothing about 4X games. I now like 4X games. 10/10
76561198031236542,Not Recommended,298050,25356816,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Supply Side Jesus,"This game, while not quite MOO3 disaster, is still deeply flawed and because of that I can't recommend it.Major balance issues:- Espionage is seriously broken, where there is no practical way to defend against constant sabotage and even your 90% happiness home world could be incited to revolt.- Fleet combat is broken, where missiles are about twice as powerfull as anything else and there is no point in building anything but cheapest missile spam ships.- Star travel is 'hyperlane'-only systemEven if balance issues are fixed, the game is rather limited by lack of imagination."
76561198349534536,Recommended,298050,34093150,Posted: 7 August,all,BigCannonball,"Ive played this game about 50+ hours.  Its been fun, easy to learn, & worth the price."
76561198031993666,Recommended,298050,22659588,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Miggy the GOAT,Great game. Lots of bugs to be ironed out and some gameplay balancing. Lack of depth is a bit of an issue. Steep price for the game in its current state. If you want to support the devs by all means buy it. Otherwise wait til it's a little more polished.
76561198056792223,Not Recommended,298050,30054647,Posted: 20 February,all,Smarmy,"Can't get this to run without crashing fortunately it autosaves.Unfortunately it won't run at all on my laptop, i see the intro but I got the all to common crash when it tried to enter the game.I can't recommend this for linux users untill they fix the crashing issues."
76561197992420193,Recommended,298050,25232444,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Holylin,"This game keeps close ties to MAster of Orion 2.Many buildings/technologies and game elements have been copied and brought into the 21 century.If you like master of Orion 2 you will probably like this game.I would also recommend this game for any new player who wants to dip into the 4X genre.Negative points:- Some performance issues in huge galaxies in the late game (turns take long)- Master of orion 2 has been streamlined further and so this game has reduced races, no leaders, no ground combat animations, no tech stealing when conquering planets, no stealing/commanding enemy ships and stealing their technologyMaster of orion 2 was very streamlined and this reduces the complexity even further. I hope they might bring some additional features for free or add them as a dlc. The rest of the game feels very smooth and nice and brings you the ""one more turn"" experience."
76561198057125569,Recommended,298050,21919951,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,nomad,I like this game. It still needs more work but I think its good and will only get better with updates.A.I. is not too great yet but as I said needs updates.
,Recommended,298050,21769076,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Mazurek,"My review of this game is much, much too large for Steam's buffer.  I have instead made a journal post for it.  Go tohttp://www.furaffinity.net/journal/7436404/to read it."
76561197970382100,Recommended,298050,25173844,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Dragnet,"Do I recommend this game ? Oh yes, wholeheartedly and unreservedly.This is *especially true* if, like me, you loved MOO II and were more than a little disappointed with the follow-up releases and found yourself wishing they'd ""go back to when they got it right!"" - And they have done so in spades, with this one.Similar gameplay to what we all remembered and loved, but with much, much better graphics, beautiful animations and some truly well done voice acting, though some of it does get quite repetitive (every time you make a scientific discovery, your advisor says the *same thing* each and every time)Just like MOO II, the game is played very differently, depending on the race you select. No two games work out the same, even with identical starting conditions and selected race.Just like MOO II, this one will stay on my hard drive for many, many years to come. (And $30 ? Good lord - you could not ask for a fairer price - talk about ""giving back"" to the gaming community!)"
,Recommended,298050,34535901,Posted: 27 August,all,ritualnoise,"Played this on Early Access and I was ... strongly ambivalent. Thought this was an exercise in futility back then.Returned to the game since and -- it's GREAT.It's not the most elaborate 4X game out there, but this game really manages to capture a perfect compromise between the original three Master of Orion games and comes up with a great niche spot in the current state of the genre.Basically it has the simple elegence of MOO1 (and I mean this as a massive compliment), the colony building of MOO2 and the starlanes of MOO3.I feel the starlanes are the most controversial feature of this game. I personally love them. To me they're a great way of keeping fleets sane, meaningful, and manageable. I like that you have fronts limited to a selection of systems. They make bases more meaningful too.Overall simplicity -- I love games like Stellaris, but they're ""big"". I like that Master of Orion has everything on a boardgame-like board and I can understand what's going on in the big picture with generally understanded mechanics.I still play Galactic Civilizations III and Stellaris regularly (and Civ 6), but Master of Orion definitely has a place in that echelon and I appreciate I can have a good solid campaign in 5-10 hours as opposed to 2-5x that..."
76561198078328767,Recommended,298050,21730703,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,le petit spirou,"Seems like MoO, feels like a mashup different kinds of (4X) game these day with a hint of MoO ambience.It used to be genre defining game, not the other way around.However.. if its still part of MoO installment, i'll def buy it.(We still bought MoO3 back in the day even though it was a total disaster)"
,Recommended,298050,25200560,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Nezzox,"It's pretty OK. Feels like a better ""Space Civ"" than Civilization: Beyond Earth. As a man who played a lot of master of orion back in the day, I am happy."
76561198017632588,Recommended,298050,22151435,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Paganist668,"Yes! Finally.Worthy follow up of Orion 2 is here!Just be sure to have multiple things going, to divide your attention to, when you're playing online and waiting for others to finish their turns"
,Recommended,298050,25318058,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Gamer-Dude159,"This is a Good game; as many down-votes say that it lacks what master of orion was but in all honesty that's because this is a reboot for a different generation sure some of the past title players will pick this up and some might enjoy it and others say it's a lack luster game with a false title on it, however it's not it is what i said previously that this is a REBOOT title not an expansion pack of a past title and if you refuse the reboot title then it is a modernization of a game that was past it's time back in the day. However this does not by any means mean that this is a perfect reboot or title it lacks depth to a certain point such as customization of ships, since you only get a max plan of 8 different ships, and that the game gets repetitive sometimes but in the end it's a worthy title. it's not a step back from the title it's just not a leap forward that many previous fans would of liked. In the end it is a reboot for a newer time and deserves some respect and praise so I beleive it shoud be at least an 8.75/10 if not a 9/10"
,Not Recommended,298050,25278605,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,shekelstein | farmskins.com,"this is really disapointing, the linux port has clearly no effort put into it. it randomly crashes so badly you are lucky if you get more then 15 minutes in the game. anti-aliasing doesnt work everytime you enable to it flashes the window alot. if you change your volume or brightness or have any notification the screen downgrades res and goes in the corner. running the game with wine is far more stable then running the linux port in linux. 2/10"
76561197983201284,Not Recommended,298050,28254510,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,fluxtorrent,"Not worth the price, and does not recapture the MoO spirit."
,Recommended,298050,25350467,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,MaxLiao,"For experienced 4X players this game may feel dumbed down or lacking, especially in terms of micromanagement.  If you are looking for the next Distant Worlds, a graphical version of Aurora 4X, or something more like Europa Universalis or Hearts of Iron in space this ain't it -- and I don't think it was ever supposed to be.For new players, who may be concerned with the (perceived) depth and micro management of the 4X genre, casual players, or players who want to complete a game in a few hours instead of a few weeks, MOO:CTS is a great game and a great entry point into the wonderful universe of 4X space games.Catch the full YouTube version of the above excerptHere."
76561198026090280,Not Recommended,298050,25726282,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,brah,"Everything for a space 4X is there but the game is boring and you feel 0 attachment to any planet, troops you recruit or fleet you build because it all feels the same. 5/10"
,Not Recommended,298050,25456570,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,lyonsnightshade,Pirates keep sending a single scout ship into a military outpost every few turns. Irritating.
,Not Recommended,298050,32784957,Posted: 25 June,all,liciniolopez,"Do not buy this game, as you will die in agony waiting when the ""Processing Turn"" ends, since it never does. The game freezes and will make you wait for an eternity. This game is a complete waste of your money. Stay away from this game. This bug really kills the excitement in a Turn-Based Stategy game."
76561198019876067,Not Recommended,298050,32783726,Posted: 25 June,all,KyleStar,This game is okay... Sins of a solar empire is way better.You start off so slow in this game. I played 200 turns. Had 10 colony worlds and was still bored. I'm looking for something better than Sins of a solar empire or GC3 but havent found one yet.
,Not Recommended,298050,26164315,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Tino Didriksen,"This game really doesn't gel with my playstyle. I love building up a medium-small ~15 planet high-tech empire, then crushing everyone else. Can't do that in this game.If you have 6 population on a planet, you damn better send 2-3 of them off to colonize immediately. If you have any available command points, take 10 turns out immediately to build some ships to fill those in. Have fun micro-managing your now 30 planet empire with ships needing upgrades constantly.I can play like that. I understand that style. I don't want to play like that. It's not fun."
76561198214391828,Not Recommended,298050,25944870,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,ZOLTAN,"pretty boring game. good for an hour at a time then it is just♥♥♥♥♥♥the battle gameplay is total trash, no strategy just right click and watch.the map gameplay is alright, not a great game but it is half decent."
76561198145169699,Not Recommended,298050,26221293,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,boofbob,"Only played for an hour so far looks good but because of font size to small , i am straining my eyes trying to read the game adviser and lots of other info . Had to stop playing when headache started which is a shame .Am hoping they will fix this.If there is a fix for this i can't find it .DON'T BUY THIS UNTIL YOU KNOW THEY HAVE FIXED THIS PROBLEM ."
76561198052349000,Not Recommended,298050,26584989,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,me,"Out of two linux based systems this will not run on either of them.  On the generic AMD based desktop, Nvidia GTX 950, it simply dumps shortly after the 'Loading Master of Orion' message pops up.  On the Alienware 14 laptop, Nvidia 7xx series (exactly which one I  don't recall at the moment) the game seems to load but the mouse is mostly unuseable and it seems to want to default to a much higher resolution - I am guessing 1920x1080 - even though my native resolution - 1366x768 shows up on the options page when I can get to it.  Sad, as I was really looking forward to this game."
76561197971975435,Not Recommended,298050,29774884,Posted: 7 February,all,Krildor,"I had really high hopes for this game, having played its predecessors for a substantial amount of time. And in a way it delivers, however a lot of the mechanics feel... unfinished I guess, and the UI at times feels clunky, uncomfortable.For example, let's talk starbases. The UI issue was that I had no idea what the attack/defense scores of my starbase was, I had no way to check it until I made it in a battle that the starbase participated in. The mechanics related issue of the starbase was that it was not getting upgraded with my latest (or any for that matter) weaponry that my research had made available to me. Finally, it would also be nice to be able to customize it the way one can customize the (combat only, this is another issue imo) ships.It kind of fees like it never really left the early access stage. Dont get me wrong, it's a nice game and undeneath all that is a potential classic, but at this moment, it needs work."
76561197977603200,Not Recommended,298050,30248717,Posted: 28 February,all,Petkov,"Negatives:- dull fightings- no help/encyclopedia (many times I was not sure what will I get from research)- difficult finance management - firsta I had 200 credits per turn then I built few ships and I was more than 100 negative, nowhere is written what is the maintenance cost for ships- ship repairing (no info how many turns to repair a ship)"
76561197997012183,Not Recommended,298050,30324354,Posted: 4 March,all,Aweman,"Rating is 2.5/5And I just bought the game...it was on sale by steam two weeks ago. Last ditch effort to make some $. Game has potential, a few annoying bugs need to be fixed.A few options need to be added also; e.g. planatary filtering, colonist reshuffling in Empire management screen, individual ship tactical detail in fleet managment window, updated weapon stats when changing weapons around in blueprint screen.I haven't even gotten into major battles yet. I am not sold on the tacticle screen yet; in MoO2 I like the fact that i could spin ships around for shield/weapon management, and could turn weapons off/on as i targeted each ship.I have a feeling this is going to have to be saved by modders. I might even jump in to see what i can add."
76561198008096784,Not Recommended,298050,30395478,Posted: 8 March,all,antilles2210,"This game is pretty middle of the road.  If all you're looking for is a mediocre 4X space game, this is the game for you.  For me, it was a bunch of annoying little things that really brought down the whole experience.First of all, there's not a lot of information on how the mechanics work.  I guess I'm just used to civ games spoiling me with the civilopedia.  There is nothing like that in this game.  Confused about how pollution works?  Too bad, figure it out yourself.  Want to know what a leader's Disposition skill affects?  Time to Google it!There is also no way to broker a peace agreement between two other warring races.  Basically, once they're at war, they will always be at war.  And therefore if you're trying to be nice to everybody, you'll keep getting diplomacy penalties with each of them for deals with the other.That's not the only problem with diplomacy.  To trade multiple technologies, you have to use the dropdown menu multiple times to select them.  And it doesn't tell you anything about those technologies, like what they do or how much they cost to research (and therefore how valuable they are).  So you either have to do it blind; or write down what they have and you have on a piece of paper so you can exit out of diplomacy, go consult the tech tree, calculate what you need and what you think is a fair trade, go back to diplomacy, talk to the other leader again and try to work out a deal.  Far too much work and screen switching.A similar problem arises with espionage.  Not enough information about the empire you're trying to spy on.  You can try to steal a technology, but why bother if the target race doesn't have a technology you don't have?  How do you find out?  Back to the diplomacy screen again to go through the several steps to reach the trade screen to see if they have any technologies listed for trade.  There's also only a few options available for spies to take.  You can't steal money, only technology.  I found most of my spies to be pretty useless.  I either let them sit at home doing counterepsionage, or sent them off to another race and just let them sit there and hide.  Also, when you detect a foreign spy, you have the options of capture, deport, or kill.  Why would you deport them when you can capture them?  I don't know, there doesn't seem to be any negative diplomatic consequences for one over the other.  Another case where having an in-game lookup for information would have been helpful.I personally had a problem with pop-up tooltips.  As in, they wouldn't always show up and I'd have to keep moving my mouse back and forth hoping that they would pop.Even if you get them to pop-up, there are places where there is no information that there should be.  Like over the size/biome/resources for a planet.  What are they, how do they affect things?  Can I at least click on them to learn more?  No?  Well, I guess I'm flying blind again.I didn't really play a military-type game, so I can't comment on the combat.  I tried it out and it seemed stupid and boring, (and, again, suffered from lack of information) so I just used Auto-Resolve for any other battles.Planetary management was mildly interesting, but it mostly just involved choosing whether citizens worked on research, food or production; and what the colony was going to build.And how about a timer that lets you know when the galactic council is going to meet again?  Don't they schedule these things in advance?So to sum up, this game would be a lot better if the developers had spent more time on making sure the player had easy access to the information they need at any given time on any given screen.  The bones of a great game are here, but that's about it.  I was just never able to find the fun.Edit: Oh, I almost forgot how annoying and unfunny GNN is.  The news scroll at the bottom seems like it might be funny but it scrolls by too fast to read so I have no way to tell.  And most of the time it just pops up to give you useless ""State of the Galaxy"" reports, which show which three races are leading in a particular victory option.  Why is that useless?  Because there is a management page that lists all of the victory conditions and all of the civilizations progress in them all the time.  So...  yeah.  Annoying AND useless."
76561197990516476,Not Recommended,298050,32893424,Posted: 27 June,all,Aauryn,they tried to remake MOO2 and the graphics are better but the combat is stupid and it is just not that good.... get/go back to MOO2. don't buy
,Not Recommended,298050,32690596,Posted: 23 June,all,JadeKat,So dissapointed. Been looking for a multiplayer with a tactical map but for some reason the devs disabled the tactcal map in multiplayer. Atleast make it optional! Requested a refund. Button click fight done not worth it even on sale for MP use.
76561197971453792,Not Recommended,298050,26478198,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Cozgimå,"Same features as old school moo2 players wanted... but execute..., game play experience totally ruined.Game designer did not have a clue what he was doing... sad ..."
,Not Recommended,298050,30155660,Posted: 24 February,all,jrepin,After all this time since the release there are still way to many bugs. The worst of which are freezing and big graphical glitches. Also there is much to be desired when it comes to the depth of the game. Stellaris works much better and is a much more interesting game. Also you get a lot more updates and additions. So save your money or go get Stellaris instead.
,Not Recommended,298050,32625794,Posted: 21 June,all,DoomedCivilian,"A poor immitation of a greater game.It tries too hard to be Master of Orion 2, without grasping the reasons why it should do the things Master of Orion 2 did. It fails to improve the experience in any measurable way, except graphics and voice acting. But graphics do not make a compelling experience."
76561198027395412,Not Recommended,298050,30259916,Posted: 1 March,all,Polstar,"Feels buggy and unfinished, last update was 3 months ago with no dev communications since."
76561198036366017,Not Recommended,298050,30364326,Posted: 6 March,all,stigthigpen,I'm pretty easy to please but this game compares unfavorably to MOO 1 and 2.  It's an unfinished product and the developers seem to have stopped updating it.
,Not Recommended,298050,32643080,Posted: 22 June,all,Mordric,i can reduce it down to being lackluster in all aspects everything is being done better in other games and thats after playing 3 hours for there is just not that much to come for
76561198030932430,Not Recommended,298050,26523234,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,przeryg,"I would love to write a good review, I really would... And first minutes with the game gave me so much nostalgia and good memories that I almost imediatelly wanted to shout ""MOO is back!"". And then - the BUG. The bug that stucks the game in ""processing turn"" mode, killing whole game. The beauty of graphics, maybe not up-to-date but definetely MMO-like, the old feelings gone, because I simply cant go further. According to all-knowing internet, the bug is well-known to developers.When (or If) the Devs fix it, I'll gladly change my review. For now I can only say ""dont buy untill they path it"".I am sorry."
76561198208368207,Not Recommended,298050,30271155,Posted: 1 March,all,crunchlump,"Frequently crashes, even though I meet or exceed the system requirements, have an Nvidia 1060 GPU with the latest stable driver and put the game on the low graphics setting.  Processing time at the end of turns after around 200 turns while playing a huge galaxy (space is supposed to be vast and a 'large' galaxy doesn't feel that large when it contains so few star systems) slows to a crawl and the game freezes up.  That is also when most of the crashes occur and after a few hundred turns, the game seems to crash every few turns when playing a huge galaxy.  There hasn't been any updates since December of 2016, so, trying another game may be a smart move as opposed to putting up with the continued aggravation of playing an unstable game which may never be patched for bugs.  The game contains voice acting by Robert Englund, Mark Hamill, Michael Dorn, Kari Wahlgren, John de Lancie and others.  The ships look better than others I've seen in various video games which had a washed-out look to them.  The game could have used a Ringworld such as the one featured in Larry Niven's Known Space series of science-fiction books.  The title book from the series won the Hugo Award, Nebula Award and Locus Award, and was based on an artificially-created structure which completely circled a star at about one A.U. (the distance from the sun to Earth in what is frequently referred to as the Goldilocks zone), was one million miles wide and 600 million miles in circumference (all the way around) and spun up so the centrifugal force would serve the same function as gravity would on a normal world, i.e. keeping you from drifting off into space and keeping your beer in your glass and your change in your pockets."
76561198045773596,Not Recommended,298050,35388531,Posted: 1 October,all,DL151,So being an old school gamer I looked foward to seeing this Remake of the original.  Of all the Master of Orion games I love 3 the best. This one however feels like it was made for 8 year olds.  It just feels incomplete and the AI is so basic. It's a fun game but after a few hours it gets kinda old and lack luster.
76561198073500274,Recommended,298050,22598877,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,kazoogame.01,Seems to follow mostly MOO3 most closely with MOO1 and MOO2 races. I like the fact that they did scale down the galaxy size a bit from MOO3. Those games were way to long for anyone that works for a living. The one thing I would recommend is make the build queue longer. When planets are starting out you end up with a long list of things to get the planet up and productive. Only having 5 items does not cut it. I really miss the build queue from MOO2 for starting up new planets.
,Recommended,298050,22707036,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Raanch,"Its casualized like Civ 5. Now that I have played a few games, I want it to be more deep, and harder. It gets better every update, but its not a finished product. Number values and the math behind decisions is not available, like I want it to be. But it's still a good time waster, which is why I like 4x games, that take 1-4 gaming sessions to win.Recommended for now."
76561197972445514,Recommended,298050,25236563,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Hellbishop,"MASTER OF ORION a return to form in the classic addictive style of the earlier games. Once again i find myself immersed in the world of MOO with its haunting lonely vast expanses of space where home is onboard a huge colony ship or other space faring vessel. Exploration and discovery abound in joyful moments of finding a planet that can be colonised in all its mysterious beauty waiting to reveal its naked reality to you. Then there are asteroid fields which can be mined as well as strange signals in distant places where advanced technology or some anamoly which may or may not be a threat could be waiting to be discovered.You will encounter other races alien and inhuman looking who may or may not become your ally depending on ones skill at universal politics. Of course there could be some who because of their tempermental and competitive nature will turn on an ally just for the fun of battle such as the flirtatious and easily offended Mrrshan ruled by the feline Empress Marupa.Then there are the space pirates who are a constant threat but with a bit of exploration and bomb capable space ships you can discover their bases of operation and blast them to stinking fragmented bits of charred flesh.Taxing your empire for much needed coin to run it is a necessity to be able to afford the research and development to create the habitats, weapons, ships, electronics, population motivating items etc etc needed to grow and florish across the universe as well as be more attractive to other races as an ally when making many types of agreements, trading tech, paying tribute, giving gifts etc. Just make sure not to tax your people too much at the wrong time or you may find them rebelling as they unleash their displeasure until you act one way or the other.Graphics bring the infinity of space along with the bliss and horror of new worlds. Alien races are a sight to behold capturing a 1990s science fiction quality as if from an episode of BABYLON 5 and STAR TREK. Battles are violent and catastrophic as scenes of ships charging full speed ahead with ballistic and energy weapons blazing across monitor screens create exciting encounters which are played depending on whether you auto resolve, give partial control to the ai or take complete command of the battle controlling your ships in battle which is wonderfully executed.Music captures a mix of classical and 1990s science fiction ambience relaxing yet full of suspense and the wonder of discovering a universe. Hearing the insane amounts of voice acting by an all star cast who create characters who are very diverse, full of depth and unique is an incredible experience to go through which motivates me to keep diplomatic contact with them.MASTER OF ORION a true successor and success of a time past which has risen to claim its place once more in the annals of gaming history.MASTER OF ORION, BUY IT! PLAY IT! and become SUPREME RULER OF THE UNIVERSE!!!"
,Recommended,298050,25238309,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,DeViLinCaRn8,"Awesome game. Best 4x game I've seen seen, and defintely one of the best strategy games. If you like space and strategy, you'll like it a lot. The game was easy to learn...although I can see some having a learning curve. The tutorial is actually very useful in this game (one of the only times I have ever even had this thought for a 4x game). Video is great, voice acting is great, and with all the different racial traits, there is a ton of replay-ability. Lots o fun.On a side note, the selling point for me on this was the voice acting. Am I the only one that feels this is a lost art for dev's? You can have a great game, but if the audio puts me to sleep, people will not like it. Period. That is not the case here. The dev's invested (a lot by my calculation) on their voice over, and sparing no expense paid off. I was actually surprised in how good the game was. I just wanted to hear Robert England talk smack in a 4x space game"
76561198063941776,Not Recommended,298050,26109726,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Trinket,"I played it back in early access on Windows and it was fun. It reminded me of the old MoI games I used to play.However, I have recently switched to gaming on linux and it just doesn't work. It spawns several instances of itself which then promptly crashes. This rendors my desktop environment completely unusable and I have drop to another TTY and kill all the spawned processes and services.In short: On windows, game play is fun and it enjoyable for many hours. 7.5/10. On Linux, it just doesn't work, 0/10 and because I am now on Linux, I sadly have to rate it as not recommended."
76561198068092691,Not Recommended,298050,28204669,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,TheJammeyD,"Its an alright game. WHEN IT WORKS!!! Played an okayish game on galaxy size medium, yeah alright it crashed every 1/2 hr turns, but was okay, ohh and when i tried to hire a new leader. crashed straight to desktop. Spent the last 2hrs trying to load a game with ""large"" galaxy and it stops working EVERY time. loads to 95%, freezes, jumps to 99% and just stops. ive left it loading for 10mins and nothing. stayed on the loading screen. WOULD NOT RECOMMEND! Spend your money on a game THAT WORKS!"
76561198018811494,Not Recommended,298050,29578612,Posted: 29 January,all,Bobwatermellon,"I really wanted to give this a good review.  But I cannot.  I am a big, no HUGE fan of the Strategic Space Sim.  Capital S for Strategic and as some would say ""slow"".  MOO has always been less about ""action"" and more about long-term empire strategy.  This game IMHO is a direct decendant of MOO2, a fantastic game.It lacks in several areas, balance, etc...  They are coverd quite well in most reviews but, again IMHO, they can all be forgiven for this game is an ""entire package"".  I have only owned this for a few days.  I have over 50 hours.  It is doubtful I will get much more however.If you love deep, VERY long-term empire space games that you can get lost into for days...maybe have a few balance issues....oh well....then...WHAM your save file is garbage, all your backups are the same and your game in which you are TWO HUNDERED AND SIXTY THREE TURNS INTO will not run at all, then get this now.  Frustration, galore!  No, really, it works like a charm for 250 turns...then gets flaky...and worse until you are f'ed.  And it is only $30!  What a bargin!"
76561198008340413,Not Recommended,298050,29664813,Posted: 3 February,all,sovetski,Game is unplayable past turn 40 as it is soooooo slow... 3 minutes between turns is beyond the joke. Do not purchase.
,Recommended,298050,32864660,Posted: 27 June,all,🎃Solar Spook-strings 🎃,"Master Of Orion is one of those games. You know the one, the game you really enjoy for the 2 hours you can return it, then after that you quickly get bored.Why do I recommend it? Cause the game needs a bigger community, it needs servers for players to fight on! Multiplayer is by far the best part of the game, just like the Civ franchise.Also, disable the score and the bottom win conditions as they're not fun."
76561198018795682,Recommended,298050,25295283,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Pheylan,"It is pretty much a reboot of MoO2, for better or worse. The graphics are really nice. The GNN robots are incredibly irritating (you can turn off GNN completely in the game options). There are some things that have changed (warp lanes create bottlenecks, spies have more options), and some that were left out (plasma cannons beats all and no heroes), but fundamentally it is pretty much the same.Except that Alan Tudyk voices the Psilons.Rating: Firefly/10 would research the crap out of everything."
76561198031396231,Not Recommended,298050,28262979,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Nalidus,"The game is supposed to be the spiritual successor to Master of Orion 2.  In some instances it succeeds.  In others, it falls flat on it's face.  The main problems with this game are, cheating AI bonuses and terrible weapon balance (specifically the ""attack power"" of weapons).1.  The AI most definitely receives bonuses based on difficulty.  Even on Normal they receive bonuses.  It just shows how poor AI developmen for games have become.2.  Terrible weapon balance.  Beams and cannons are completely inferior to missiles.  Or, at least they are when it comes to the weapon attack power.  However, they can actually be as deadly if not more so than missiles.  So, it's a complete crapshoot who is stronger when comparing the attack power of multiple race's fleets."
76561197990700533,Not Recommended,298050,32628406,Posted: 21 June,all,Maldrasou,Thank Jeebus for Steam Refund- Watered down 4X game that is a black eye on the MOO series
,Recommended,298050,28726556,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,yandrey,"I remember how I used to play Master of Orion and how much fun I had back then...And if you are looking for similar kind of fun, this game is just right for you! It is good old Master of Orion, just with better graphics and a few little changes.I think that there are a few aspects which look like they are from Civilization, but I think that is no problem, because they took only those useful things.The rest of the game is original Master of Orion stuff and trust me - you will love it."
76561197973863390,Not Recommended,298050,25728724,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Hammerz,"Garbage and not recommended unless you are a long time die-hard of the series.I will not be going into a long review this time because there is no need.Multiplayer? sure, but no tactical combat, that gets turned off in MP games. So just so you get this part right, it is a wargame about combat which you cannot do except auto-resolve in MP!!So in short in MP you really just manage planets.MP Settings are not persistent. So if you save a game and load it up again races gets jumbled and private games become open with no recourse to lock them down. Say hello people!There is a lot more controversy about the game I could go into but after the shell shock of convincing my friend to get it and finding out we both got screwed on MP combat I am too dissapointed to go in-depth.Nice graphics if not a little childish."
76561198011970105,Not Recommended,298050,31797878,Posted: 16 May,all,Ridius Allier,"i was one of those wierdos that liked MoO3. Bought this out of nostalgia, but didnt find it particularly engaging. 2.3hrs played, then done. Easily 250 in MoO3 back in 2006 :)"
76561198030951436,Not Recommended,298050,32616621,Posted: 21 June,all,rvdrchestr,"I live on turnbased games...and have been gaming since the dawn of the computer age. LOVED MOO  one and two, Three  sucked... BIGTIME !  This one got me really excited on release but does not deliver on the promise of going back to the games roots despite the tons of money thrown into its production ! Nice try ."
76561198092204669,Not Recommended,298050,28127030,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,CybOrb,You want people to pay £8 for one new race? are you♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥i n g JOKING!The game is boring and short you should be giving us more content free not trying to rinse more cash from your PAYING customers...Do no buy this rubbish..the original game far beats this one in content and storythis is nothing more than CHEAP RIP OFF!!FAIL!
76561198087034683,Not Recommended,298050,25389264,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Thompson65,"Nice game, good graphics, nice interface,captivating,however there is one problem?It is impossible to win the AI of this game,no matter what you do. It seems your enemy Ai has infinite resources to build ships, more more and more,I believe it is not well balanced. Other gamers like the way it is. But for me this game is finish.It is not Fun anymore when you realized that no mateer what you do, you will always lose."
76561198128876246,Recommended,298050,25471449,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,fmagus,"Why do I like this game?The most common argument against the new Master of Orion is the simplicity of the gameplay, but actually I see it as a huge advantage compared to other 4x games. I play sci-fi programs to experience the joy of mere exploration, to meet unique alien races, to participate in galactic parley or to conquer and crush ""lesser"" beings - withouth the burden of endless micromanagement. I like sci-fi games for the athmosphere, but too much detail can kill the fun, at least for me.And this is why MoO caught my attention, as it does not want to burden me with details in every corner, instead it offers a smooth ride across the galaxy every time I play it. Do I want to oversee and control each of my colonies, or do I want just to gather a fleet and wage war against others? It is totally up to me, as the game can offer pretty much support in every aspect, including colony management, ship design, research etc. Even if we wish to go without the help of the game, the mechanics are still easy to understand and master, and for me this is a pro and not a con.So if you seek a 4x game with serious micromanagement and weeks-long gameplay for every single run, in which you can put the pants on every single colonist by yourself, than you will probably find MoO a bit simple for your taste. However MoO can and will give you unique races, fancy-looking fleets, detailed galaxies and huge space battles, not to mention the athmosphere I really like in this game - this is where MoO truly excels.Of course this game also has some drawbacks: the rather basic spy system, sometimes inbalanced racial traits and the simplicity of the AI, but if we look the big picture, the final verdict is definitely positive.But enough talk, I must get back to my Sakkra fleet to crush the weasel Darlok scum once and for all..."
,Not Recommended,298050,30549822,Posted: 16 March,all,CaptainNebulous,"I'm going to have to go ahead and say I don't recommend the game at its current price. While it is an honorable start to being a glorious 4x space stategy game, and it does feel a lot more like MOO to me than MOO 3 did.... overall the experience just kind of peeters out after an unsatisfactory amount of time.Pros :- Most of the UI functions smoothly- A good deal of MOO lore is included- FPS is good and stable on a mid-range machine, even with all graphics options turned up- The graphics are acceptable, but nothing special- MUCH less buggy than 1 year agoCons :- I think ""terrible"" is actually a poor word to use to describe the AI. The right word is ""ridiculous."" Nothing they do makes sense- AI uses cheats instead of tactics at higher difficulty levels to become harder- The opening video seems to lag for me, not sure what that's all about- Turn length increases far too quickly- Workshop community, as always, is trying its best... but the game has design limitations currently which are severely limiting the depth, functionability, and compatibility of the mods.- Community agrees that game is only about 1/2 done, at most, but updates have screeched to a halt in the last few months. Furthermore the devs have been in much less communication with the community than they had been.- The pirates function way too shallow fo my taste. They essentially just attack as soon as their ships are spawned. They do not at all feel like their own hybrid civilization. No way to form diplomacy with them either. I know this is uncommon in 4x games anyway, but it really is a feature that would add depth... if you could have a back-door way of getting on the good side of pirates, but bad side of everyone else in doing so.- Random pauses between screens at time, especially when entering a battle.- Tech tree is too short, too shallow, too streamlined, too everything that makes a tech tree unexciting- Very limited customization options for galaxies. Even with mods.- The largest galaxy type that comes with the game would be considered medium in most 4x games.- Can't rename planets/star systems- Quite possibly some of the most underwhelming paid DLC I've ever seen for this genre of game- They made all the leaders/species look way too cartoony in most instances. I think using these graphics but sticking to MOO 1 and 2 lore (it seemed like a rather rustic, raw, and Babylon 5-ish universe did it not? Now it feels like Shrek in Space)The game felt like it was progressing quickly until the fall so perhaps the devs are just working on something big, let's hope so. But until then, thumbs down.Also, I have quite a bit more experience than the 8.5 hours recorded on steam."
76561198007300752,Recommended,298050,25692638,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Blackadar,"Tl;dr Version: Thumbs UpThe best thing I can say and the worst thing I can say about this new version of Master of Orion are one and the same - the game does nothing particuarly wrong. That's also known as damning with faint praise.The Essay Version:The Positive:The MOO series is a venerable, beloved (except for #3) gaming franchise that still remains the peak of the genre in MOO2. I remember buying the first one. I remember sinking many hours into the second one. I remember cursing the third one. Naming any game as ""Master of Orion"" is going to instantly invoke comparisions and criticism. I'm not going to compare this version, feature for feature, versus a 20 year old game made when gaming was different. That is counterproductive. If I wanted to play the original I am sure I have the disks around here somewhere. So how does this one play?Well, MOO does a lot of things right. The first thing any player will notice are the production values. Voices by Mark Hamill, Michael Dorn, Dwight Schultz, John de Lancie, Alan Tudyk and more give the game a lot of flavor. There are some that are annoying (the Alkari scientific advisor comes to mind) but the overall effect is wonderful.The interface is crisp and sharp. Any 4x player can jump right into this game without a major challenge because the UI is spot-on. Many modern 4x games create cumbersome interfaces that interfere with the game. For instance, I'm a Distant Worlds fan (a couple hundred of hours played before it was ever released on Steam) but the interface is terrible. Master of Orion handles things wonderfully and there's no guessing required.The graphics are beautiful. Everything from the art of the various races to the look of the planets has been done in top-notch style. There's probably not a better looking 4x space game out there (note I said space because I love the art style of Endless Legend). It's kind of cool to just look at the spaceships flying around your planets in the planetary screen. The little touches are nice too, like if you drag population from one production to science you can shake the little icon.But the real meat is in the gameplay. Distant Worlds overcomes it's cumbersome UI and less-than-stellar graphics to present a complex, challenging gaming experience. The strength in MOO is not in its complexity but in it's simplicity. It's a throwback to 4x games in the 90s where extraneous features weren't added. There's a lot to be said for the design of MOO in that it presents a straightforward but challenging 4x experience. I feel that in MOO my decisions count and I'm not overwhelmed by so many choices that any single choice feels trivial. The choices here have weight and that lends itself to giving MOO that all-important ""one more turn"" feel that so many other games do not capture.A couple of other positives are the pacing and a lack of bugs. Pacing is important in a 4x game and many of them drag on for too long (Civ V, I'm looking at you) where a player must spend 5-10 hours in ""mop up"" mode. MOO's pacing is quite nice in that once you know you are in a strong position it's quite easy to then wrap up the game and start another. As for bugs, YMMV but in 30 hours I've not encountered a single bug. Not a crash, not a sound glitch. My hat is off to the devs for creating a solid game.The Negative:With that said, everying in MOO-Land is not perfect. As I said before the game doesn't do anything particularly wrong. And while simplicity is nice, this is game that needs more meat on its bones. In almost every area there are obvious design decisions that could and should be taken to add a little more complexity and a little more strategy to the game. This is a game that could really, really benefit from enhancements by the devs and/or a very open modding community.For instance, diplomacy is done OK but so much more could and should be added. Not to mention that there needs to be tweaks to how opponents react. Each reacts to things very much the same way and thus it takes away from the AI races' personalaties. Not to mention that severe hits for turning down a war declaration need to be smoothed out.Furthermore, there needs to be some effort made for players to specialize. Right now your planets all end up building much the same things. There should be unique buildings for different biomes, more specialization in ship design, more specialization in the races, more specialization in esponiage (which is a particularly under-baked system)...as it is there isn't enough ""strategy"" in this strategy title. Give me some unique buildings, unique planets, unique races, unique wonders and then let me create a unique strategy to conquer the universe. MOO doesn't do this and it's probably the biggest failing of the game.Another area that demands improvment is the combat. The battlefields are too small, too sterile, too limiting to be of any use. While I'd love a return to turn-based combat, that's not happening and I can deal with that. But give me some good options in this real-time world to create a unique attack pattern, the ability to play cat-and-mouse around a planet, use an asteroid belt to shield myself from incoming missiles, etc. Combat in MOO is an afterthought and right now is just best autoplayed when it could and should be a key component in the game.Finally, this universe could use a little more life. Exploration is dull and should be a far more engaging process. I am not speaking of an artifical limiter like more pirates but some way to slow expansion, more goodie huts and simply a more interesting exploration phase. It's a big universe out there and exploring it should feel more ""star trek"" where every planet has a story to tell.There also needs to be more events and minor civilizations (which were removed). I want to trade with minor civs and use them as pawns in this large chess game. I want to have to prepare for a pirate invasion (once I've had time to build up my military) or perhaps uncover a race of homicidal androids who are hell-bent on making the universe their own. A player should be faced with difficult decisions and events that they need to react to outside of their grand scheme. MOO does not do this and it really hurts the game.The Overall:As I started off, the best and worst thing I can say about MOO is that it does nothing particularly wrong. That ""just one more turn"" feeling is the ultimate arbiter in a 4x game and MOO has it but it could and should  be so much more. I've rarely, if ever, encountered such a solid 4x design that cries out - SCREAMS OUT - for some new, well thought-out features to take the game from a status of merely competent to be considered a wonderful classic. MOO has the potential to do that but it's up to the developers to make that happen."
76561198131596139,Not Recommended,298050,34633590,Posted: 31 August,all,skitch,Too many bugs.  By the time you're invested in the game many terns in you're hit with so many bugs you can't finish the game.  All the work and none of the satisfaction.
76561197974191072,Not Recommended,298050,28225898,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Dozzer,"Okay I loved all the others and this looks great, voice acting is the best, but that is probably  the best of it. I have to say  it is boring even the battles  and the striking workers  when your moral is at 90% is just wrong.I have a number of these games but this has no longevity ( I will not buy the additional races) I am therefore unlikely to put a lot of hours into it unlike the others as it is so uneventful , it is turn after turn trying to finish the tech tree.Normally the turn cap is something that you hope never happens but in this  game it cannot come fast enough, please put me out of my misery.If it's cheap ( I got it in the sale) go for it, otherwise just remember how you liked the other versions and reminisce.Voice actors are still great though   5/10"
76561198043259974,Not Recommended,298050,28449293,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Tranquilliser,SteamOS port has broken UI that makes it essentially unplayable
76561198035968484,Recommended,298050,25340236,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,sharkbait316,The game play is easy to understand. The graphics are amazing. I love the voices in the game of well known sci-fi and video game voices.  I highly recommend this game. I know that as it goes on they will continue to improve on everything. Job well done.
76561198031189383,Not Recommended,298050,28604772,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,nerdchieftain,"I picked up MoO-2016 at 50% Christmas sale.  MoO-2016 is a well stream-lined game with a good interface.  However, it is more or less the same game as its predecessors with updated graphics.  It could make for a fun multipler 4x skirmish game, because it is light on micromanagement and the play is fast.I have to give this a BIG THUMBS DOWN.  (1) The game includes nothing new or promising for the series.  The ship to ship combat could introduce a heavy layer of tactics into the game, instead it plays like Homeworld I. (2) Without mods, the game mechanics are absolutely broken.  The Antares are too powerful, and you feel like you have to use an exploit to just sruvive (on normal).PRO- Streamlined interface- Excellent AI opponents; Civ series should take some pointers here. *COUGH*- Pretty graphics, except in fleet combat.- Good longevity with the tech tree.CONS- It's like the developers did not play their own game: major mechanics problems.- Nothing new.  (I suppose if you are traditional, then maybe that's good.)- DLC is new playable races, which basically is a graphics/sound pack."
76561198052386049,Not Recommended,298050,28547391,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,ira7117,"Pretty terrible game compared to Master of Orion 2. Small galaxies with limited routes and each turn takes an eternity to process. Plus some of the core races are now a ""DLC"" for a quick money grab. It may have been an OK mobile game, but for PC it really unimpressive."
76561198008298937,Not Recommended,298050,31070082,Posted: 10 April,all,daringly,"The new Master of Orion fails to be as good as MOO II due to two critical failures. First, there is much time wasted in this version as you watch things you don't care about. MOO II, for the most part, never slowed the game down for pointless reasons. This incarnation has sector exploring, which really slows the game down without adding anything. Maneuvering in sectors, watching EM messages. Second, the game develops much slower than MOO II. In MOO II, you would start skirmishes in half an hour of play. Nothing interesting (except getting crushed by space monsters) happens in the 2017 version for much longer.Graphically, it looks nicer. But as with many other games, substance has given way to flash."
,Recommended,298050,25474177,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,metadata3388,"The mixed 4X Game that is fun and still after 100 hours play.races isn't balanced i guess, the fun fact i only played one DLC race during 110 hrs.(even there's mod for ultimate balance mod.)also i noticed the 'Ai' is stupid on harder difficulty, but not much as Civ 6.(could easily win with one 10k power fleet with elerian race.)at least it's replayable and enjoyable than Civ beyond earth to me.the one thing is, this game isn't completed i think. game just easily end before using high grade unit.(also there's no hotseat mode.)that'll make me play Civ beyond earth again."
76561198240421768,Recommended,298050,27870463,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Neklivo,The best game ever!!!
76561198052189930,Recommended,298050,29607714,Posted: 31 January,all,blayzekohime,"EDIT: A recent update (Patch v55.1) FINALLY fixed the issue, so now I can recommend this game. At this point it seems to have every feature that I liked in MOO2, so I'm not sure why people are still saying it isn't as good. I guess some people are hung-up on nostalgia.And to the idiots that responded to my original review that it was my computer: It obviously wasn't, or the update wouldn't have fixed it, morons.Previous reviewIt's too bad because it is a great game in theory, and you can see all the reasons why in other reviews, but I have never been able to actually complete a game. It takes longer and longer between turns until it reaches the 5-10 minute point, at which point I usually give up. Setting it to save only once every 10 turns instead of every turn does nothing to help this. I will recommend this when I can actually play it."
,Recommended,298050,32684706,Posted: 23 June,all,I'm Me,"I really don't understand why there's so much hate for this game. I've played all of the original MoO games, including the cursed 3rd one. I know that MoO 2 was the best of the series, and still play it on occasion. However, I've put in enough time for this game to get a good enough grip on how it is, and let me just say that this it is, in my opinion, the rightful successor to MoO 2.That being said, I was very apprehensive about buying this one due to all of the negative reviews, but I decided to buy it since it was on sale. I honestly do not regret buying it, and I am willing to go as far as saying that it's as good as MoO 2, if not better. As much as I love MoO 2, I think it really is time to move on from it. This game has nearly all of the features of the original MoO games, and gives them a proper makeover.Truth be told, I actually really like what they've done with the MoO universe. They made it a bit more light-hearted, and just made it seem a bit more vibrant. The GNN is much more fun to watch, the alien civilizations are much more dynamic and exciting to talk to, the terraforming is still there (and is even cooler), and you can still build doom stars. Another thing is  I used to kind of dislike the diplomacy in the original MoO series, but they managed to make it a bit more fun with this new game.Really, I can only think of one flaw, and that's the fact that there're no turn-based spaceship battles. I'm fine with either real time or turn based, but I know there are people out there who prefer the old turn-based battles of MoO 1 & 2. Besides that, I can't really think of much that makes this game a negative experience.Before you buy this game, just remember;This isn't MoO 2 or MoO 1, and it sure as hell isn't MoO 3. It is its own game, and another wonderful addition to the MoO universe. I know I made a lot of comparisons to MoO 2 in this, but that's only because I know a lot of people are complaining about how unlike MoO 2 it is. I know MoO 2 is the best in the series, but please give this game a shot. It really breathes some new life into a universe I've loved for so long, and I've enjoyed every minute of it since purchase."
,Recommended,298050,26076108,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Thundarius,"A good turn based strategy game for players new to the 4x genre.   A good mix of alien races to start out as, and gets more interesting if you focus your research to amplify your alien race starting bonuses.  On that note I feel there should be more frequency of choices with permanent consequences when choosing between technologies after researching a catagory in the research tree.   So a person can continue to build on there races bonuses to create a distictive playstyle but still have the option to veer off that path and onto something else.  Also more technologies to choose from instead of going with A or B.  I think it would add to the appeal of trading technologies as well, if this were done.  First game in a long time that I keep returning too to get the achievements, which by the way, some are hilarious.  Try playing as a Psylon to spy on the Humans.  Classic."
,Not Recommended,298050,32788568,Posted: 25 June,all,lackAdaiscal,"I love space strategy games and felt obligated to try this out but I must say I was truly dissapointed very quickly. I quit the game 30 minutes in after witnessing a flying toaster (my ship) destroy two flying train carts (raider ships). The graphics and models here look like they were made by a third grader. Other than that I got the impression that the game will be very much like my favorite Stellaris except shorter, simplier, and worse in almost every way. I also think Stellaris is far more immersive due to it being real time and not turn based like Orion.For example, research in Stellaris is split into 3 categories (physics, social, engineering) and you have 3 scientists researching 3 different technologies at once but here there is only 1 research type called ""research"" and you can only research 1 thing at a time. The technologies themselves also look similar but less interesting than Stellaris. The whole planet management system/pops are also similar to stellaris except simplified.To be honest, the only reason I tried Masters of Orion is to see how it compares to Stellaris and apparently these two games simply can not be compared. Stellaris just... trashes this games in every way."
76561198001194174,Not Recommended,298050,29543233,Posted: 28 January,all,Balgore,"Sadly I cannot recommend this game, though it has many pros.It is surprisingly complex for it's price-point, and has a reasonable amount of depth to really go for many different playstyles and strategies.  The tech-tree is pretty deep, and the micromanagement of planets definitely makes large impacts.  It is also simple and easy enough to jump in and start playing after watching a 15 minute youtube gameplay video, unlike games like EUIV where you have to basically watch 8 hours of tutorial to know how to do everything.There are a variety of races, good graphics, and the combat/battle system seems fairly complex with different weapon types, armor categories, engine and speed differences, as well as weapon facings.So why don't I recommend it?  It's unnecessarily long and poorly designed for conquering enemies.  I like to play all grand strategy games as a warlord who defeats and conquers my opponents through military force.  This game allows you to easily destroy all of their fleets, but you can almost never destroy or annex your opponent's planets.  There are limited ways in which you can even harm their planets, infrastructure or population.  You need specific technologies and specific ships with specific weapons, and even then you cannot take over their planet as your own.  You need further research of a specific far-teched military troop invasion, and must spend dozen[s] of turns getting an army from one of your worlds to one of theirs.  I played my first game on a cluster based galaxy, this was probably a mistake because the ONLY way to travel between distant star points is again a very specific technology far down the tech tree.  I rushed this, as was able to invade multiple enemy cluster areas, and none of my enemies researched this technology so I never had to defend or worry about being invaded or counter attacked.  It also took several turns to send reinforcing fleets, and is a poorly thought-out travel mechanic imo.So after dominating my opponents' armies and fleets, and attempting to conquer the galaxy, I realized how slow and tedious the process was.  I searched for a youtube video of someone end-game to see how many turns it would take, and someone who fully conquered almost every single available solar system in the entire galaxy on a super large map, still had EVERY SINGLE AI opponent left alive on random planets scattered throughout the galaxy.  Eliminating opponents, and taking over their planets seems to take way too long, and not be a possible playstyle.  For those who don't want to conquer their enemies, I guess this game deserves a look, but imo it's too tedious and tech-specific just to invade single planets, let alone entire enemy races scattered across many solar systems, let alone multiple opponents and enemy races.Also I've never played any of the other Master of Orion games, nor do I have any nostalgia or past experience with this series."
,Not Recommended,298050,29733597,Posted: 5 February,all,Mallissin,"Polished game resembling an updated version of early MOO games but deviates greatly from the original game mechanics to the point that the game isn't fun to play.The original two MOO's popularity was owed to a perfect balance between the various parts of the game. Instead this game ignores balance and has created a Civilization 5 in space.I had high hopes for a renewal of the franchise back to the original roots after MOO3 was a disaster, but this game is only MOO is looks and not gameplay."
76561197972043981,Not Recommended,298050,30393073,Posted: 8 March,all,Doom monkey,"The game is almost a true sequel to Moo2.here are the problems:1. real time combat just doesn't feel right. You never really know what is going on or if you're going to win.2. The game gets REALLY slow late game. I'm talking, hit the 'next turn' button and go get a coffee slow. Games literally take  tens of hours where really nothing is happening. It's hard to understand why this is so bad, except that it has to be a complete lack of optimization by the devs. I actually like playing moo2 over this simply because you can play a game in a few hours intead of days. (I have a core i7 with SSD and fast GPU).3. Slightly watered down gameplay. Moo2 had a level of randomness that made games really play out differently. This version has some of that but not enough. Pirates are a weak mechanic and not very interesting.4. The AI. The scourge of modern gaming. It's not good. It can't fight, it has no strategy in terms of fleet positions, it doesn't even seem optimized much on the planet dev side, which is where you'd think some math and perfect knowledge would help. :\It's really a shame too, so many things in this effort done right. The art direction is a massive leap forward over what's been done on MOO before now. The sounds and vocalizations are enteraining. I'd be willing to overlook all the other problems if it just played faster.At this point get this game on sale if you're a fan. Don't expect to enjoy the end game unless you like to watch your life pass before your eyes with nothing to show for it."
76561198037555174,Recommended,298050,33578530,Posted: 16 July,all,R1chard69,"This game is great. It is exactly the game that everyone who bought Sid Meier's Starships wanted that game to be. Most of the negativity is from people who were fans of the old games.Lucky for them, the collectors edition includes those games, since they are so outdated they won't play on modern systems.The people that are saying that they are having technical trouble with this game need to buy a new PC. Even my laptop has no trouble with this."
76561198179560647,Recommended,298050,33048795,Posted: 30 June,all,Toroon,"The best thing about this game is a prompted the release of a version of the original MOO that runs under Windows 10. One of my favorite games of all time. Still great gameplay despite the ancient graphics. This version is merely OK.ProsCaptures some of what made the orignal greatGreat voice acting and animation make Diplomacy funConsMisses some of what made the orignal greatFancy graphics make the map hard to readThe tech tree is a messLike any 4X, the AI doesn't really play to win like a human would. No big picture planning. Maybe the Deep Mind guys can get on it? So it gets boring eventually. Still, at 50 hours played, I think it was worth the Summer Sale price."
76561198157601973,Not Recommended,298050,26439223,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,stawilli3,"They have totally screwed with the player experience with patches that seem unnecessary for gameplay.  Most recent patch changed the entire ""Planet Pollution"" dynamic to the point that it destroyed many players' games and starved all their colonies.  It literally was like one day you had 45 planets all flourishing and the next time you loaded the game they were all dying quick horrible deaths and there was little you could do to stop them....oh and you were a total of 490 turns into an epic game at the time that was literally destroyed over night.  I wont waste time on this game, and frankly I am going to request a refund after this last S^%T show patch."
,Not Recommended,298050,26458198,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,IpityU,It is a great example of the adage about adding features and complexity does not make a product better.   It just doesnt move fast enough.  If you want to take over an enemy planet it requires you to;1) find one2) Research troop ships3) build a fleet able to defeat any nominal defenses erected4) Build troop ships5) invade6) If there is more than one planet in a system then rinse and repeat...Boring.  And forget about rushing your opponent.   Do you want to out-tech their ground units?  Good luck.   The tech tree is horrendously complex and not very transparent.It just takes too long to do anything.   I don't want to spend two hours before I can attack even one system.If I am playing multi and I fall behind in the early game it is just a long drown-out defeat with no hope of turnaround.yay.
76561198006550566,Not Recommended,298050,26553260,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Proxima,Jumpoint mechanic sucks. Research tree sucks.
76561198142376270,Not Recommended,298050,29466973,Posted: 24 January,all,Gwendalith,"Sorry, but after more than an hour messing around, I've been trying evertything to not have the sound crackle and echo to a point where it's unplayable. It just ruins everything.Yes, I've checked drivers, etc. My workstation is just fine, I'm running video editing (and hence audio too) without any single issue. Whatever the resolution and USB sound cards I could use, the issues were the same.Only other game I've ever see do that wa sthe previous MOO. My guess is that they could learn some programming skills from quite a few indies over here instead of trying to leverage crappy old code.I am happy playing games which are a LOT more demanding than that without a single issue. My refund requests are on their way (I had taken the DLCs too).Avoid this bug-ridden crap (at least for the sound). There are plenty of nicely working 4X around on steam."
76561198003543663,Not Recommended,298050,29484187,Posted: 25 January,all,Commander Laserstrahl,"It feels like, it's before the big bang."
76561198007789907,Not Recommended,298050,29500896,Posted: 26 January,all,sog,"Very basic strategy, lacking the depth of other recent titles (Stellaris, Endless Space 2, Dawn of Andromeda)."
76561198019910044,Not Recommended,298050,29723335,Posted: 5 February,all,Ackranome,"I really enjoyed MOO games playing these back in the 90's when we use to load up on DOS.Unfotunately for this game it isn't finished and clearly wasn't finished when it was released and there has been MAJOR patches but even then still seeing huge issues and it is primarly optimization.Turns take too long to calculate - optimization problem.Beam weapons are trash.  You might as well take them all out of the game as missles are always going to be better.  If you play, look for the ""MIRV"" adjustment on your missle and add that to any missle you're shooting and add the Dauntless missle system + fast Missle Racks to your system adjustments.  It makes for easy conquests.The game randomly crashes for me.  Not sure why - but it is either on the boot up of the movie if I don't hit ""ESC"" fast enough or it randomly crashes as I start the match.  No idea what is causing that.Battles begin to take too long as ship sizes increase.  Optimzation problem.Steam achievements appear to be broken.  You'll notice the 1% global achievement process on all the ""master of orion"" win ""victory types"" - this isn't because people aren't acquiring each version of win.  Why the disconnect?Antaran homeworld battle is vastly more difficult to acheive a win with than conquest, economic, technology, turns, and diplomacy.  Is that how it is suppose to be?What does ""Disposition"" do for leader status?  I can't find it anywhere.  There should be a drop down explaining each of the things that leaders offer as to why you want to hire them.Leaders need more traits - why only one?  Everyone should have a minimum of two except maybe Klackon (heehee). [ It is because they are uncreative -.-; ]I think I am done for now playing this.  I'll maybe come back in a half a year and re-review but for now - I'd recommend on ""sale"" for 10 dollars or less but not full price.  Plenty of other games that aren't as silly-frustating as this."
,Recommended,298050,30265584,Posted: 1 March,all,Stryse,Fan of the originals. This new one is everything I love about these games and far more enjoyable than MOO 3 ever was.
76561197961067642,Not Recommended,298050,30401709,Posted: 8 March,all,DeathToNewbies,Recommended this originally but still lots of bugs and patches needed for the game along with other mechanics. Changed to not recommended since it looks like the dev team has stopped supporting this game. Unfortunate.
76561198049490317,Not Recommended,298050,32643253,Posted: 22 June,all,Archive,"This game is a joke. OMG. So many bugs. SOOOO MANY BUGS. You have 3 pirate ships sitting ouside of your home planet. Once any kind of ship is created BAM all of them attack the ship its gone. I know you can turn off the pirates but come on seriously come on. its like the game wants you to fail at everything. 2 ships against 1 with excellent odds, better technology. Bam you lose. Come on whoever decided to program this game. Wow they need patches like 9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9 seriously. This game is buggy as heck."
76561198048902352,Not Recommended,298050,33114261,Posted: 1 July,all,Zorglub,"I play Master of Orion 3 when it came out years ago.And I loved it.So when a remaster was announced, I was thrilled.What I did not expect was a game that cheats no matter how hard you try.After spending countless hours on the game building my empire, forging alliances, and such.The antarians started to attack, but I got spared for quite some time.To the point that I reached the end of the research tree (with all modules unlocked) befor the antarians came to me.Their first fleet was 3 ships that got crushed on one of my planets defenses (not even one of my ships there to help).Because I was at war with another race, I built ~50 ships (doomstar, titans and battleships, nothing smaller) within 25 turns.Enough to crush anything in 1 turn.Then just as I was about to go eliminate my ennemy, the antarians chose by 'pure luck' to attack my staging area.What I did not expect was the antarian to come this time with ~200 ships.They wasted my ships without sustaining heavy damages. (and that was on Easy setting for the game).That left me open to the ennemy to crush me and ended my game.So yeah...You want a game you can enjoy and that gives you at least a chance to win?Go see something else, because this one is not..."
76561198046916342,Recommended,298050,34049043,Posted: 5 August,all,Gurv75,"Great game, a good legacy to MOO2 in my opinion.I really love the art and atmosphere.Sure it's probably not as complex as a game like Stellaris but it's deep enough to entertain without giving too much headache either.Only thing that I regret is that turn based combat is gone.The realtime replacement is really shallow in comparison in my opinion.Anyway, great game, having a really good time playing it.Note: it works perfectly in 21:9 (if it doesn't, try setting it in windowed mode and than back to fullscreen, it should do the trick)"
76561198007683489,Not Recommended,298050,28304725,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,panproteus,"One would expect Master of Orion (4), to take best elements of 1, 2 and 3 (yes there were plenty of good mechanics in MOO3) and put them together to create the best 4X space game ever. Unfortunately, anyone who expected so, overestimated the goals that apparently developers and publishers had. The game is pretty much a copy-paste of mechanics from MOO2 (and MOO1 by inference) with pretty graphics (which is undisputably good). The issue I see is that superior mechanics from MOO3 were not even partially implemented here. Don't get me wrong - MOO3 was far from being perfect, but it contained some of the very novelty and complex mechanics that improved the immerssion of empire management and gave feeling that you must explore the game also allowing one to use new features quite intuitively. The only poorly executed part of MOO3 - real time combat was in fact introduced to MOO(4), but so far it is as plain and boring as it was in the infamous precedessor (although with correct 3D field and perspective this time).It amazes me that having access to all code and IP for all 3 MOOs, developers decided to create Master of Orion 2.5 all over again. Instead of taking on the vision of an ultimate 4X game that this game could be, they apparently decided to lower the ceiling and gave us same old stuff that everyone knows and which cannot possibly fail...Hey Devs - are you going to do a proper Master of Orion 4? If you cannot - get someone who will.At least they had decency to skip 4 from the name..."
76561198100484984,Recommended,298050,33860571,Posted: 28 July,all,bonesmasterflex,"As a long term fan of the MOO franchise I had very high expectations. I was not dissapointed. They took the feel and mechanics and put a new hat on it, and then amped it up. If you played MOO2 then MOO3 you may not have liked the Tech tree from MOO3, well they kept the tech tree style from MOO2 :D Overall, as a fan from MOO to MOONEW ;P If you are a fan of the Master of Orion Series, this game is a must have. The only thing I wasn't a fan of is the Gnolam Empire being part of the DLC, the other races fine ok, but the Gnloam Empire is the only real Economic Race and should have been included in the core for a rounded selection. I just create my own race with the Gnolam Characteristics to get around that, eventually I'll get the DLC. GREAT GAME 10/10 Would buy again."
76561198029845108,Recommended,298050,33783248,Posted: 25 July,all,ESonix,"Having now played through a handful of complete campaigns, I have to give this at least a small thumbs up for such excellent production values.  It's really well executed on both Mac and Win, with an engaging visual look, engaging races, and a very nice user interface.So, why only a ""small"" thumbs up?  Well, for all of the things they've done well here, I think they still really need to improve the AI implementation.  Generally I have found that the AI is not only pretty passive, but the behavior can also often be somewhat unintelligent.  To be honest, this led to some pretty sleepy campaigns.So fundamentally I think they've designed a really lovely 4X platform here, and I can only hope that they will continue to work on improving the AI."
,Not Recommended,298050,28581285,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Kim Jong-un,"This game has a lot of promise, but it's not quite there. The turn length gets ridiculous in the midgame and it doesn't have deep enough gameplay for me to be patient for it. Weak thumbs down, there are better 4X games out there to play."
76561198179382829,Not Recommended,298050,28729998,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Hymirl,"A bit of a limited review as the game doesn't work for me, as I ran into the well known bug thats existed for a while know where the main menu doesn't show up.Obviously this is making it difficiult to actually start a game of Master of Orion.So the game doesn't work in my book and putting up a list of suggestions on the forum which includes things like wireless mouse being a cause and to presumably go out and buy a mouse with a cable suggests the Devs aren't doing their job properly. So requesting a refund.The planet behind where the menu is supposed to be is quite pretty I guess so there is that...."
,Not Recommended,298050,28797964,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Dragon,"It was a good try, but this game is far too buggy for play. It's been out for too long for there to be any excuses for this, and their support is anoying to get ahold of.-Good game-Bad bugs"
76561198047900509,Not Recommended,298050,29071260,Posted: 6 January,all,ted_corning,"LOVED the game, till I saw I had to pay extra for the Master of Orion: Revenge of Antares Race Pack. Whole reason I buy collectors sets it i expect stuff like this to be included."
,Recommended,298050,28284329,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Napalmus,"Just a few hours into the game I can say that it does seem a worthy adidtion to the franchise, and definitely has that good old MOO feel to it. Seems like MOO2 with a MOO3 skin :P Best of both. Has the addictive game play where you always want to click at least one more turn before going to bed. Recommended for orion fans and anyone who gets baked and zombifies out all night playing space strategy games. Worth the money."
76561198024758228,Not Recommended,298050,28656216,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,chook,This game seemed to have so much potential but left much to be desired.  There is minimal information available on the mechanics of the game and this limits the ability of the player to make a proper plan.  The limited number of turns is also unsatisfactory as a correctly made 4X has no time limit on it.  This more contemporary trend of putting turn limits on games is becoming very discouraging.
,Recommended,298050,29125550,Posted: 8 January,all,Yodason,"Before this I'd never played Master Of Orion but I'd certainly heard of it. People speak of the original MOO like it was some kind of videogame Messiah and many game mechanics that 4X games take for granted these days can supposedly be traced back to this series in some way. So does this remake hold up?The gameplay is your usual space 4X. You start off with a single planet and a few ships and from those humble beginnings you must forge an empire and then decide how you want to conquer the galaxy. This can be through peaceful means like science and diplomacy or you can just decide to blow everyone up with space lasers. The presentation is great with the stars, planets and fleets all beautiful and shiny. The alien leaders look great too with some well known voice actors. Ever wanted to be shouted at by a birdman voiced by Mark Hamill? Your wish is granted.Many have criticised the game for oversimplified mechanics and they're not entirely wrong. The game seems to lack depth compared to other games like Civilization and never quite pulls off the 'Oh crap it's 3am' kind of immersion you usually get with a 4X. It's still entertaining however and I'll play it when I want a more relaxed strategy game, and it could be perfect for introducing someone to the genre. Not the videogame Messiah I was promised but still fun. Any game where you can build a Death Star(ok Doom Star but screw copyright) is gonna keep me entertained."
,Not Recommended,298050,29551933,Posted: 28 January,all,Space Dad,"Interesting game but in multiplayer mode as soon as a saved game is loaded almost all the content is missing, your own race has changed sometimes."
76561198091156586,Not Recommended,298050,29552883,Posted: 28 January,all,agham,"I am playing this on mac and it hangs up very often, most often than not freezing my mac itself.I love X4 space games and really wanna play this, but I cant event finish one game,"
76561198079407364,Recommended,298050,25252935,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Xerxes,"As a bit of background before the actual review. I started with this series back in '96, sitting on my father's lap as he played on our old Aptiva. Master of Orion 2 was one of the first games I owned myself and I got hundreds of hours on that in my childhood. So I am a bit biased towards the series.However in regards to this product I can say that I am quite happy with how it feels. It has much of the same feel as the older members of the series, with exploration and fleet development being a major part of it's overall appeal. The graphics are lovely and so far I've had no framerate issues to note. The game runs very well and crashes have been non-existant, even though I've only had it around a day. The characters all feel nicely animated and as though they have a personality profile that helps to flesh them out. The voice acting probably helps a great deal with that (John De Lancie, Mark Hamil, Michael Dorne and other big names) to the point where when the humans deciede they don't like my expansion and roflstomp me I find myself yelling a definitive ""Damnit Q!"".Now for the cons of this piece.One of the commonly noted issues with this instalment is the lack of certain features that the previous games had. I can understand that, Heros were a useful feature that I do miss somewhat. As well as missing a few races if memory serves me. However in both cases I am willing to overlook them due to one simple fact. This is a reboot, it isn't Master of Orion 4. So when looking over everything one must keep that in mind. Things tend to be a little different in a reboot if a series.In all I can safely say I've enjoyed my purchase and happily recommend this title to those who are both returning fans as well as new buyers. Now if anyone needs me, I'll be dropping mad production with my sphess-bugs, Peace."
76561198032719631,Not Recommended,298050,28644111,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,godcharles,"I was really hot for this game when I heard about it, having played the original 2 games on release (and bought and tried the 3rd game which turned out to be a screensaver at best).  I bought the super deluxe collectors edition with the original series of games, the digital artbook, the soundtrack, etc..  There were some vid problems at first, probably caused by my machine being 7 years old at the time of the games release.  But they did regular updates and this problem was greatly alleviated, though not eliminated.  In fact, I was playing it pretty steady from about early September, 2016 to mid-December, 2016.  At that point they had an update, and they made the last three races and the Antarans available as DOWNLOADABLE CONTENT.  I wouldn't have minded this, but they wanted me to pay for it.  WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥?  I paid for the full deluxe edition of the game in pre-release and I have to pay MORE to get the finished version of the game?  No, I will NOT!!!!  So at this time, I have not played this excrement for probably 2 weeks or so.  I will not play it again until the DLC becomes free.  I recommend everyone stay away until this issue is resolved.  I'm not the only one complaining about this.  I'm sure they know of our displeasure by now."
76561198027043293,Recommended,298050,28813781,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,El_Blarfo,"I'm really enjoying this so far. It's  gorgeous, it's respectful of the MoO franchise's history, and most importantly, it's willing to update or jettison elements that don't work without trying to reinvent the wheel. After the impenetrable nonsense of MoO 3, this reboot captures what made me waste hours of my childhood playing the first two games in the series.Most of the complaints that I see here have to do with some of the playable races being parceled out as DLC. I can't honestly say I'm bothered by that, but if you are, the races included in the standard game should still give you plenty to chew on without shelling out extra cash."
76561198139934487,Not Recommended,298050,30547672,Posted: 16 March,all,Yehppael,"I have thousands of hours on Master of Orion 1, hundreds on Master of Orion 2 and thousands more on Master of Orion 3.This one is a disappointment. The human and khanate voices are parodies, and GNN a once nice part of the game, is so horrid, I disable it before every game.The tech trade is messed up. You can research some things, but anything you steal won't actually speed up your own research, a major point in the earlier versions.The fights ... have potential, but it's horribly wasted with such poor angles that i'd rather watch the battle from top to judge weapon efficiency instead of just enjoying it.The AI is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, as is the planetary governor (although in it's defense there are loads of useless buldings). Had one game where I'd receive a bribe to start, get a bribe to make peace, then repeat the cycle 4-5 times without damaging my relations.Since population growth is so slow, you can actually camp pirates, bomb them, then wait for them to respawn over and over.Wars are irritating since the AI sends massive fleets to your border, and just before it blasts your planet or outpost to bits, it declares war. To top it off, you don't get a ""Threatening fleet detected"" (as you did in MOO 1, when any fleet heading for your systems would show up in bright red!), but you do get it for those irritating space whale dragons things.I hated XCom when it came out because it changed the brand so much, but on it's own it still was a good game and it's sequel proved it, but this ... this brand is just dead."
76561198079951304,Recommended,298050,25292267,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Saffron,"If you like Civilizations you will like this game, it is very good for multiplayer especially with people you know"
76561198008466188,Recommended,298050,25503180,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Matt Chat,"First off, I am ashamed to say I haven't played the original Master of Orion game (I sadly missed back in the day, and have had too much on my plate since to give it a play. I hope to rectify this problem soon). However, I have played Stellaris, the Galactic Civ games, Sins of a Solar Empire, Endless Space, and several similar games, so I feel comfortable talking about this genre.What I enjoy most about this game are the personalities of the alien races (I've played as humans and Balrathi and enjoyed both), the presentation (the space battles are exciting, the art is nice, and the music is really good). Even though I'm not planning to play through another match anytime soon, I did have enough fun learning the ropes to recommend it on that basis.There are, however, some negatives, especially for those familiar with the other games I mentioned. For instance, troops and ships do not gain experience or level up, nor are commanders or admirals that level up as in Heroes of M&M. True, you can upgrade ships as you learn new techs, but the lack of an experience mechanic meant that I never felt much emotion for the ships in my fleets. I have become used to being very protective of my military in other games (such as Civ) for this reason, and I missed the mechanic here.Secondly, I am concerned about the difficulty level. I played two ""huge"" maps on normal difficulty, and in both games, the pirates were so puny as to be a mere nuisance. Likewise, when I encountered the aliens, I was able to easily conquer them. I'd like to flatter myself by saying it's because I'm such a pro, but, alas, I know this isn't the case. I should've been defeated or at least seriously challenged until I had properly learned the game. To be able to win so easily was a downer for me (and, yes, I know there are higher difficulties, but to me ""normal"" should be a baseline, and I don't like the idea of handicapping myself to compensate for a poor AI). I was never able to use my ""Doom Star"" or death star ship, either--another minor gripe. By the time I was able to build this juggernaut, the game was over.Thirdly, the game feels underdeveloped in some key ways. This is most obvious during land invasions. I can excuse an indie dev for limiting such sequences to a static screen, but here it just feels cheap. If the game offered more compelling planet invasions (or at least a handful of nice cut scenes like the ones for the colony ship landings), I'd be more forgiving. But towards the end, I felt like I was just killing time until my troop ships finally arrived on the scene.Finally, I think there are just too many techs. The tech tree is extensive, but not nearly as finely honed as Civ. There was always something to look forward to that would make a difference in gameplay, but there were simply too many that just offered minor stat upgrades. I slowed down the learning pace in my settings just to keep from being distracted by them (as well as the GCN broadcasts). I would rather have a third fewer techs and have the remaining ones thus be more important and hard-earned.Overall, though, I enjoyed this game, but I must admit that I prefer some of the games I mentioned before. If you're bored with Civ, Gal Civ, dislike the ""sector"" mechanic in Stellaris, the real-time of Sins, etc., definitely consider this game. I can't speak to how well it captures the magic of the original Master of Orion, but I tend to doubt it since that game is widely regarded as a seminal game of the genre. In short, I don't regret my purchase, but I don't feel enough was done to really set this game apart and make it something truly special."
76561197982269157,Not Recommended,298050,28732704,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,DocCox,"Less of everything you find in MOO2, plus a focus on collecting additional money with DLC's for features.AI is pretty awful to boot, and multipayer is a min-max fest with players familair with the nuances able to handily defeat anybody who isn't.Maybe 6/10 . If you didn't grow up with a good 4x you would think this was great - if you grew up with the classics this is yet another failed attempt to remake them."
76561198008331656,Not Recommended,298050,28805297,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,GeekWithAKnife,"I thought, being a fan of the MoO series that if I support this game since ""early access"" I might get some minor little token of gratitude from developers...how stupid was I?!There are now races I have to purchase. Not some sizable chunk of gameplay mechanic or content etc just some races that you could add yourself if you put the time to mod.What's with this paid for DLC milking everyone is engaged in these days?? - I'm sorry I paid for this game. So much for showing support...The worst thing is these guys burnt me which means other legitimate distributers, studios or developers that deserve my support might never get it.(And the GNN ""feature"" BS really gets on my nerves)"
76561198088757974,Not Recommended,298050,28842332,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Trickscope_WermGodd,I like the game but I bought the collectors edition and I still have to buy more dlc to get races that are in the old games I love. Thats ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t
76561198031380307,Not Recommended,298050,28885339,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,delisle_francois,"Not woth it, there are many other game in the same genre that are by far better."
76561198021403985,Not Recommended,298050,28888765,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,toaftoaf,i have not seen a game crash this often. its a shame.
76561198008463476,Not Recommended,298050,28313391,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,piddyx,"I really wanted to give this game a high rating, but some design decisions make that impossible.  Here are my list of complaints,1) Races that were included in previous versions of MOO are sold as a $10 DLC.  You also only get a few for that $102) The number of opponents are set too low, so that you cannot play all of the opponents.3) Modding is too restricted.  Ideally, we would be able to mod out the design mistakes but they restrict what is moddable."
76561197980796094,Recommended,298050,34722605,Posted: 3 September,all,witness1,"WELL this would be a great remake! If you wouldn't need to buy the DLC to make it a good remake This is alos the biggest problem of the game. It quite obviously was split in two parts, one whole product served as an inferior product with an expensive fix. I don't like this practice!BUT with the Antares DLC it is the complete Master of Orion 2 remake. Those who liked MoO2 will at once feel at home. For everyone else, MoO is a 4X strategy game on the light side of the genre, a good point to start roundbased 4X strategy. AI is mildly acceptable and you have enough choice in difficulty. Races are plenty and well fleshed out, and play really differently. GNN-News get old quite fast, but you can disable them. All in all I love it. But I am a huge fan of the old MoO2 so 33% of my excitement originate in nostalgia.Follow me as a curator athttp://store.steampowered.com/curator/28337205-Fair-Minded-Witness/?appid=298050"
,Not Recommended,298050,28867252,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Sandwalker,"Feeble soundtrack, tiny homogenous galaxy, nothing to do and nothing to explore.No events except the cartoon antarans attacking you every dozen turns and exploding stars.I din't get the atmosphere or the mood of vast and overwhelming universe full of dangers and artefacts which I always expect to experience playing 4x space strategies.I really do not recommend this game."
76561198030658910,Not Recommended,298050,25356842,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,BRavo,"Bugged as hell, turns take 60+ seconds in late game (on a i7-6700k), combat bugged (your ships not shooting, health bars disappear almost always), features cut from MOO2 (boarding, leaders, genocides, races, antarans...).Not finished yet. Wait at least until bug fixes, if they ever come."
76561198031149787,Recommended,298050,26346015,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Capt Stern,"This game is not perfect, it has some warts.  But, I really like this game and do recommend it.It is about 75% perfect, which is not bad.  The remaining 25% is not horrid, just not ideal.  The ""off-putting"" bits are some features from the old game which I wish it had not changed with so much of a nod towards a civilization type game.If you want the old Moo II game you can get it as part of the bundle.  It is a masterful work and so I recommend this bundle above all.The game plays quickly and smoothly.  No load issues, no performance issues, and much better than typical crash issues (Civ 6 crashes more often, for comparison).There is no scream out at you ""wrong"" item.  Just some that have room for improvement, which while less than perfect is far from a ""don't buy this"" flaw.Top wished for feature is that it remembers your last settings.  It doesn't.  So create your favorite custom race over and over.Next I would love some sort of hero system (would even pay for a DLC to add this).I like the ship design tool.  I like the option to auto upgrade.  I would like it extended to custom ships (just apply the same logic to them).I dislike the fact that the ships have unlimited range.   So I typically play on ""spiral universe"" which puts red jump lanes in which can not by used until mid to late game.There are about 1/2 dozen ""nearly identical"" games to this out now.  Sadly I own them all.  This one despite the flaws is the most fun to play.I read several of the negative reviews (and a few of the positive ones) before I wrote this.  Many of them raised as problems what I thought of as quibbles.  Meaning that while I typically agreed with them the issues raised did not detract  enough to move this space 4x down the list as best of breed for me."
76561198009153554,Not Recommended,298050,29520467,Posted: 27 January,all,davonskevort,"This game has got some serious flaws that make it completely not worth  the money. Gameplay elements from MOO2 were not included like capture of enemy ships.  The combat AI is at time comepletly non-functioning as it bee lines across map then stops when it could totaly win the fight if it would just give chase. Rockets fire distance is by default set for half range while enemy is set for full range. Setting the missle fire range frequently resets itself in combat.... super annoying as you have to recheck over and over the fire circle. Map is not 3d but flat as board.. MOO3 was 3D, another step back in game function. Random events can fire over and over on same faction... poor klackons and their sun going nova. Pirates in some cases are just down right evil when they can kill off 4 to 5 factions  in an 8 player game. Interface is dull as Moo3 if not more so. The spy functions mirror moo 3 and that should have been a hint to not do it that way but.... some hotshot program thought it was a good system. NOT. Ship customization in 1 2 and 3 is better (yes even 3). Do yourself a favor and stay away from this game. Get Solarus or Sword of the stars 1."
76561198014275856,Not Recommended,298050,33943965,Posted: 1 August,all,dyingturnip,"This game is almost very good.  It really captures the oldschool feel of MoO 2.  But I can't use the technologies I research.  I can't use Moon Laboratories or Jump Gates, and it's causing me to lose the game.  From what I can tell by searching, I'm hardly the only player experiencing missing buildings.  So close, but the game's just not quite playable.5/10 Lots of personality and creativity can't make up for game breaking bugs."
76561198044915161,Recommended,298050,25271917,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Cottonwood,"What happened to the Trilarians, Gnolam and Elerians? Pretty good otherwise. Cinematic camera could use some work, looks at nothing a lot."
76561198310190454,Not Recommended,298050,28246361,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,torenrm,dont buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥its hardly functional and very confusing guranteed this will♥♥♥♥♥♥you off theirs more problems with this game then i can count and i will
,Not Recommended,298050,29579589,Posted: 29 January,all,Lord Fluffykins IV of His Name,Stellaris is everything this game could have been.
76561198007330588,Not Recommended,298050,28716252,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Crisis,"As fun as this game is.I did feel a little disapointed at the ending climatics.when you spend hours into a game you only get a lone line climatic,Now with that out of the way.Overall the game is good,the battles are fun but simple,The game has lots of races but I do hate the dlc races.and I find them way to expensive.Did I enjoy the game yes.But there are much better games like this out there.it's worth buying on a sale."
76561198031955859,Not Recommended,298050,32630378,Posted: 21 June,all,Maverick,I loved MoO 2. This is not MoO 2.
76561198007706128,Not Recommended,298050,31683468,Posted: 11 May,all,gisarme,"AI is incredibly dumb and passive. I got attacked once in the whole game, and I accidentally won an economic victory because I bought two shares in the GGC to see what it did - no one did anything in response, and I won."
76561197962522190,Not Recommended,298050,23784430,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Llamadon,"I payed only an arm for this game, I still have my leg. If you are a fan of Moo 2 don't buy this game. The devs want to make this a carbon copy of the first Moo game with some minor extras but have no plans of implementing the things that set Moo2 apart and made it one of the greatest 4x games of all time. They have incorporated aspects of less successful modern games (for instance limiting travel to fixed waypoints to bottleneck and lengthen space travel LAME). They stole some concepts from other games like civ which probably add to the game in a good way but this definitely does not feel like Moo. No turn based combat, they stated in forums that it is hard to do it in 3D, as if thats even relevant......just do a 3D rendering on a 2d plain and don't ruin a great concept. I waited 20 years to be disappointed. They have limited race customization over concerns of balance to a point where it defeats the purpose. Don't get me started on the tech tree, shoulda built on the Moo2 platform for that instead of stealing the boring linear concept from the Civ genre. I waited 4 patches before writing this review to give them a chance to improve the game but it just keeps getting worse. My perception of the situation at this point is that the devs here are your typical ""I want to make my mark"" type of people and as a result they are a detrement to themselves. You know the thing about the wheel is that it does not need to be reinvented. As soon as they start incorporating features from Moo2 this review will change. Until then im going to move forward with the belief that I was tricked into buying a game that had no intention of ever being true to form. BAH HUMBUG!A quick update. The way they just changed how food works is awful. Just awful. cant produce anything because my 1 colonist on new settlements HAS to produce food or they will starve? Are you Sh***ing me? An advanced space fairing race that can literally travel between stars has to fully commit to farming to survive? Really? Are you trying to make the game even more cumbersome?"
,Recommended,298050,29094821,Posted: 7 January,all,Sasherz,"Mousecontrolls die after short time, so cant click any of my ships or planets, cant move the map with the mouse either.Tryed to relaunch the game, and it still have the same issue.relanched into new savegame, still same issue."
76561198046886935,Recommended,298050,28683854,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Tech565,Truly fun
76561198057030625,Recommended,298050,32799520,Posted: 25 June,all,brown.finn37,"I love this game. It's by no means perfect, but is a lot more fun to play than stelaris, and the production values make your decisions feel meaningful.The tech is also very fun to research, with large tech upgrades changing gameplay significantly.The combat is in real time, and well implemented. The fact that the ships are designed by the player makes the whole combat side more enjoyable and the graphics are quite good."
76561198030926069,Not Recommended,298050,33623333,Posted: 17 July,all,joaquin,"In between crashes, this game is fun, but it crashes 5 to 20 times per game on the Mac OS X."
76561198055487529,Recommended,298050,32709874,Posted: 23 June,all,Kizlarto,"Holy voice actors Batman! It seems like the entire cast of Star Trek TNG has a role in this game. Gameplay is slow, but that is to be expected when you are charged with comanding an entire interplanitary civ. Games can trake upwards of 5 hours!  Winning is not always being the strongest or the biggest, winning by diplopmacy is just as satisfiying!"
,Recommended,298050,32672437,Posted: 23 June,all,Kassar,"This feels like MOO 2m but pretty. By watching the reviews on the tube i got the impression that it might not, that several things worked differently to how they do now. The weird part is, or rather, the amazing part is; they may have listened to EVERY SINGLE ONE of Totalbisquit's suggestions... to the game's benefit. Give it a try, and if you played the earlier version, than give it a try again."
76561198286976319,Recommended,298050,28130301,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,troybox,Smash hit now after lastest Major Patch and DLC Race Pack!The game is now exceeding Masters of Orion 2 Cult Classic. This is a must buy game now if you are into Space 4x games. I would recommend this game. Well made and good graphics and the developers seem to listen and care.9/10
,Not Recommended,298050,31658960,Posted: 9 May,all,jubyrubys,"It's a shame that so much beautiful graphics and actor dialogue is lost  in a poorly created veteran strategy game.  For example, I was playing single against 2 other computer opponents on a very easy setting with the Antarians disabled.  First, my scout ships could not run from any battle as with other spaceships.  Second,  I could not create enough BCs to support a big enough fleet to attack any enemy.  Yet my enemies had space fleets 2 to 3 times the size of anything I could muster up even though I was ahead both technically and diplomatically.   I have seen from other reviews that people have mixed feelings toward the game.  The potential for a great game is there but the designers need to work on balancing the game play. I will probably go back and play the original game.  At least it is more predictable.   I disappointlingly give it a 5 out of 10."
76561198013063801,Not Recommended,298050,29120960,Posted: 8 January,all,600ti,game is the very definition of bland NOT FUN AT ALL
76561198097926859,Not Recommended,298050,29190691,Posted: 11 January,all,karlostg,"I generally like the genre, but this one got boring very fast. And the patches did not help. Also, the ship designs lack fantasy."
76561198032251411,Not Recommended,298050,28140946,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,:{ Yoda }:,"I don't know why it is that games with such a good background and calling have to move to the dark side. This is one of many on Steam that are pushing out more and more paid DLC. The game came out less than a year ago and just look at all the paid content! This is only the start my friends, this will be another Sims game with 1000 paid DLC."
76561198030860007,Not Recommended,298050,28206800,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Serindial,"The game isn't bad on it's own, but it's not great either. The most offensive part of this game is that a company purchased an old title and tried to sell it to the fans of the old game under the pretense that it was a remake of the old game... it's not. It's a new game, with a number of significant differences. So +1 for game design -2 for dishonesty in marketing."
,Recommended,298050,28212573,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,favoredflav,"This would be a fine introduction to the 4X genre if you have a friend you'd like to get into the hobby.That said,  some of my finest gaming memories are playing the original MOO and MOO2 back in my misspent youth, so I'm a bit more of a grizzled stellar emperor, and my standards are demanding.We've had a bit of an abundance of riches after a decade long drought-- one thinks immediately of Stellaris-- which layers on substantially more complexity and depth.There's also the absolutely amazing Endless Space series, which is crafted amazingly well.So MOO has some rather stiff competition these days.By those standards, is this title a success?Well-- yes, and no.   The production values are absolutely first rate.   The game looks gorgerous.   The sound design and voice acting is also first rate.   Which is something you normally do not associate with a 4X title.The no comes from the depth of gameplay-- I won a 10 hour campaign on Hard with basically one hand tied behind my back.   There were no surprises-- which was very disappointing-- the Klackon did not, for example-- seem to prefer smaller swarm strategies, as before-- and the Bulrathi did not lean towards larger, Battleship-type fleets.   Every race basically was super nice to me until I wiped the galactic floor with them.The tech tree is almost unchanged from earlier games.The antareans show up-- but their AI seems weird.   They sometimes start to bomb your colonies, but then change their mind and leave.   This makes them vastly less of a horrifying threat.Taken holistically, this is a satisfying nostalgia purchase at its price point.  I'm happy another generation will get to enjoy some MOOOOOOOOO addiction."
76561198007272847,Recommended,298050,25293583,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,kanen_22,"Very much an upgraded version of the original games. Plays well and replays even better! I wish they would ramp up the pirates, which at best are a joke.no sneaky antarans,  predictable pirates....i want more! but great game"
76561198006758185,Not Recommended,298050,25307396,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Hake,"I've loved every Master of Orion game, including Master of Orion 3 (a game I feel gets a worse rap than it deserves) and this one. But I cannot recommend it to anyone else.If you're a fan of prior Master oF Orion games, playing this raises a lot of fun little nods to them. Everything from the reprised races from old games to the fact that the colonization music is the same tune as its MS-DOS ancestor. The people that made this game definitely knew the Master of Orion series.Other reviewers here have brought up very valid points, however, regarding how this doesn't embody the spirit of Master of Orion. No free range travel, making various drives and fuels boring and inconsequential, overall simpler. Star lanes make things very isolated, and present a very different, in a much simpler way. Technology tree is very straight forward, even if you've got the illusion of choice, you're very likely to just be picking the same tech everyone else is, and unlike the prior games you eventually can just research everything (outside of very VERY few technology categories where you pick what effect it has and have to trade with another empire that picked the other), overall the science track is much simpler. Combat is very straight forward, with none of the dynamics of missile counter measuring, and all the jazz with boarding ships with tractor beams or assault shuttles, making for a simpler tactical battle altogether.You'll notice a common theme, here... Everything's simple. Very... Easy to grasp and just click through without much thought or care.That's when I realized the real issue I have with this Master of Orion reboot. And why I also still enjoy it. It's simple. Easy. And really is just a lot of playful references to the older games.Presently, I just play the game when I'm on downtime at work, or need to break the monotony of studying. But if I want to truly sit down and enjoy a game? I'd sooner just go for Master of Orion 2. This game sooner belongs on a tablet or cell phone, with how simple it is, and I'm seriously wondering if that's the idea they had at the start.Overall, I enjoy the game. But if you want a real TBS experience, I'll much sooner recommend ANY other Master of Orion game. I'd only recommend this if you've got a laptop and barely have an hour or two to kill in a very simple 4x Strategy game that probably should've been made a tablet game."
,Recommended,298050,25725027,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Toot Toot (Yeah) Beep Beep,"As someone who played a lot more MoO 1 than MoO 2 (And basically no MoO 3), this game was a perfect recreation of everything I hoped and wanted. The game is beautiful and faithful, down to the little details like the musical numbers when colonizing a planet or researching a tech. It's a bit simple compared to modern space 4X games, but if they added more stuff to it, it just wouldn't feel like MoO to me. Highly recommended if you played and enjoyed the original."
76561197993605824,Not Recommended,298050,26448517,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,x_UTO_x,"The game was great, a true spiritual successor to the MOO lineage.  However, the latest update removed all of that nostalgia  and ruined what should've been an enjoyable reimagining of the series."
76561198007521455,Recommended,298050,33141069,Posted: 2 July,all,ozouru,"Game is great. Don't listen to the negative reviews, they are just a bunch of haters. If you like MOO2 then this game is for you. Its practically identical! Tech tree is very similar and enjoyable to navigate, planet management is the same, combat is real time now instead of turn based. And yes the Stellar converter tech still exists if that is something you enjoy doing :) Again great game better then Stellaris by far. Way more customization to ships and far more ship classes. Hope this helps"
,Recommended,298050,25274433,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,blank wave,I have never played a 4K game before.  I liked this one it was fun and it didn't feel overwhelming.
76561198065422190,Not Recommended,298050,25301095,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,CRAZYGREG0511,"THe game is a very complicated game that's for sure, I mean it's okay but I can't say it's worth it, the game gets a little boring with the exploration and all this stuff that happens to your planet over time is just frustrating, I'm an old timer stradegy gamer and I can't say this game to me is fun, it looked awesome but these days games like these aren't as fun like the other games from before."
76561198045813817,Not Recommended,298050,25315362,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,jomcpher,"I am a huge fan of this series.  I fist played Master of Orion back in the mid 90's.  Later I was a huge fan of the sequel MOO2.  I don't need to say anything about the 3rd.I want to play this game very much, but it consistently crashes while I am playing it.  It is very disappointing because what I have played seems enjoyable.  I do not own the latest and greatest computer, but this is not a graphics driven kind of game (and previous titles never were) so I assumed that my aging machine ought to be able to run it.  I accept that I can't play all the latest and greatest until I un♥♥♥♥♥enough money to buy a new computer.  But I have run more graphics intensive games without fail on my machine, and I am unhappy that this will not work.  As a result, I cannot recomend it."
76561197970326709,Recommended,298050,25323254,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,maggigust,"This game is not MOO2. It is trying to be but just falls to short off. I will recommend the game but there are some things that I miss from the old game. What I miss the most is that the custom race option only has 10 points and the other already made races have more points and access to more custom options. This destroys what I thougt was so good and fun in the old game and gave it so much replayability. Now you must choose one of the prefab races or accept to have worse(fever points) race then the rest of the galaxy. They even make it worse by limiting what you can put togheter(if you are creative you get 25% research and access to all the technology, but cant chose 50% research to go with it...), I also think that the ekstra resources are in % instead of a whole one(+1 research or +2 production) a bad decision. The main thing by chosing these bonuses is so you will get at edge quickly, something the total resourch times some procent delivers late game.But what I have playd then the game is so far solid in my opinion(whice is why I am recommending it) but I doubt I will clock inn as much playtime as I did in MOO2."
,Recommended,298050,25516640,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Fortus Victus,"As one of the many long time fans of the MOO franchise I have to say this is the single best version I have ever played.This is not a clone of any of the previous titles, rather its done in the same style and foundation with many more optimizations and fun additions.Not every singleplayer game has to take a dozen hours, with the wide array of customization options you can engineer a campaign that lasts one gaming session or one that can last days.  Your choice.Like most of the MOO title technology trumps all so the Psylon are still the goto race for most players, but if you don't choose that race you can still do well in a singleplayer campaign provided you stick to your racial strongpoints.There is still alot of work that can be done and optimization to come (lithovores come to mind, nothing in the game is designed to accept a player race with lithovore trait yet) however the game is READY TO PLAY at this time.So if you like space turn-based strategy and tons of empire customisation options this is a no brainer of a buy."
76561198033762331,Not Recommended,298050,28694112,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Rubi,"They try so hard and yet fail.As a huge fan of this game series I was very hopful about a new look and take of one of my favorites.I bought the game and played in beta which went as most beta's do bugs and all (but what does one expect it was beta) then came launch and I was excited! Surely they had polished the game and it was ready to play right? Wrong. The game falls flat. Though their endless attempts to please every fanboy out there this looks (sorta) like MOO, the names are familier, the idea is familier, but it is not. The AI is buggy, diplomacy is still a false pretence, and unless you want to do nothing but build endless colony ships to settle every planet possible you will enevitibly start to falter as things just go south for no reason in the mid game. Coupled with a strange problem where reguardless of permission settings the game crashed every 50 turns or so becuase it couldn't write to the saved game file randomly booting you out of the game completely post launch games because frustrating. So I uninstalled and let it be.A few days ago I noticed there were new DLCs and I decded maybe just maybe things had changed. So I bought the DLC pack (races that should have been in the game from the get go), and was excited once again to dive in to the MOO Univers and play out some galactic conquests.  Yet as I approched the mid game it was just as stale as before and the random crashes persisted. The developer has commented on other disscussions about this same issue and their response is basically ""Send us a screen shot or there is no problem"" / ""Well it is windows 10 not us, sorry"". Save your money, and just down load the Original MOO & MOO II and play them in DOSBOX much better experience."
76561197996212201,Recommended,298050,28717990,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Potater Pancakes,"This harkens back to the original Master of Orion. There are some things missing, such as “Counter Offer” in diplomacy interactions that are instigated by the AI, but I mainly used spies as counters rather than actively sending them on missions. The best thing I like about this iteration though, is the upgraded graphics and interface."
76561198023510881,Not Recommended,298050,28839577,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,imabird.bear,"Bought the package, tried installing/uninstalling on two different computers (1 is decent enough with a GT 730, 16gig), but it crashes and drops out of the program's load. Tried a number of various things (I'm a programmer and tech support), went to their web site to leave feedback with the writer, but no response (I understand holidays, but isn't this a business?).I've deleted the programs. I really wanted to try it. Just bought Endless  Space 2 and will try that out. Not sure if it will be as entertaining as Moo would have been for me."
76561198006935960,Recommended,298050,28884265,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,GIB CHECHENS,"Better than the reviews would have you believe. Not as complex as a game like Stellaris, but well polished, and confident game that leans on a good foundation. At this point the game seems largely complete, (Dec 31 2016). The combat is good and the game has some great roleplay capacity, as the races are fairly well fleshed out. Additionally, the game has soul, with planet destroying superweapons, an interesting espionage system, col looking ships, and nifty ground battles. The diplomacy system functions, though on normal difficulty no one seems particularly aggressive. I'd recommend it for anyone who enjoys 4x, and as an introductory 4x game this is probably the title for you. I look forward to playing more."
,Not Recommended,298050,28892413,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,LadyShrin,"It might be a decent game but in the 2.8 hours I played, I noticed it rather lacked in polish. A lot of it feels 'dumbed down'. The feel is like mostly MOO2 with a handful of MOO3 dashed in for supposed good measure. Considering that the game supposedly released as a full game in February, I'd have expected not to encounter two graphical glitches in my 3 hours of play.Maybe buy Galactic Civilizations 3 or Endless Space, both are better examples of modern space 4X. This one is just cashing in on nostalgia."
76561198049604389,Recommended,298050,28924168,Posted: 1 January,all,newbie pants,Thid gamr F*%kin rules///// especially after the DEC 1 2016 update
,Recommended,298050,29060159,Posted: 6 January,all,CeMentti,"Awesome game but I was super bummed when I could NOT enter the Antarean Portal after ""winning"" the game :'(Of course my goal was to clean the whole Galaxy and make it PERFECT but now the last step couldn't been taken...Quite mixed feelings about this now. Quite few hours of fleet building for the Grande Finale in vain"
,Recommended,298050,29062753,Posted: 6 January,all,Fuzzy_Spider,"DISCLAIMER: If you're butthurt by my opinion, too bad.I have no idea why this game has so much hate about it. Maybe it's something to do with all the old Master of Orions? I never played any of them so I don't have any baggage.For my part I've found it really enjoyable, complex, and immersive. Well worth the buy."
76561198031239245,Not Recommended,298050,29366384,Posted: 19 January,all,Loneshade,"Extremely buggy game, not recommended.After first buying the game it wouldn't run for me.. everytime, after like 20 turns the game would freeze for good, same with a loaded save game. A month later, this has been fixed. I can now play the game overall, but it remains glitchy:- ships in combat don't react to commands- combat map view jumps eratic and randomly (flickers)- combat freezes and is impossible to continue- tactical combat freezes and own ships turn invulnerable (nice but... uhm...a bit boring?)- CPU overheats, coolers run at 100%, PC shuts down (never got above 30% even current top 3D games like Star Citizen)- random crashes to desktop.- autosave failingalso i don't like some very basic usability choices such as not being able to save a custom race and having to redo it, or not being able to select your race color. Ships looks not being reflected in build menu is a bit irritating.I won't go much into the good aspects that are there, as I've been a fan of the original MOO - and while a lot of that spirit is still here, I fail to see great new ideas. I'm afraid the original is actually better than this one. This too might be an enjoyable game eventually - but it feels simplified as compared to the original and there's a lot of work on stability yet to be done."
,Recommended,298050,29408551,Posted: 21 January,all,Damion2001,"This is the closest to MOO2 that I have seen yet. It has some work to be done, but very fun and an awesom 4X game."
,Recommended,298050,30212082,Posted: 26 February,all,Dragun,"I'm so glad this was ""remade"" or should I say reimagined!I've loved this series over the years and this is by far the best in the series and the best 4x game that exists!"
76561198041009593,Not Recommended,298050,30497123,Posted: 13 March,all,Gladiator!,This game is full of bugs and totally unbalanced. It seems like the developers have forsaken it and deliver no more tech support. I can´t recommend to buy it.
,Recommended,298050,30527327,Posted: 15 March,all,Mia,"Well, what people say is true. The developers abandoned a relatively big name title that I think everyone was hoping would slowly be patched back to life. Maybe we can hope they're working on a DLC? I'd buy it, strategy games are still mostly niche so I'd rather support them and see if they can fix this game even if it costs more.Does the game stall for long times between turns? Yes. Are some parts completely broken? Eh, yeah kinda I suppose. Is the realtime combat part a piece of utter♥♥♥♥♥♥ YES YES YES IT'S LIKE SOMEONE'S FIRST GAME THEY EVER MADE. It's bizarre and jarring since the rest of the game is so polished visually, and then you have this early access looking thing for ship combat. You have to nurse it as if you're playing League of Legends, constantly clicking the mouse and repeating orders. It sucks because even though you can skip the realtime parts entirely, the automatic calculations aren't in your favor even when you should win a battle, so it's better to do it the realtime way.One of the complaints I hear the most that is more subtle, is that the game just isn't very strategic. Funny for a strategy game. Well, this is VERY TRUE. It's much more like an arcade game in a strategy game's clothes. The planning and thinking are as shallow as dish water, it's mostly just about gathering up the strength to throw all you can at the enemies, and with mind control letting you steal a planet instantly with one click, a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ monkey smoking a hookah could beat this game.BUT ... it's a pretty dang fun arcade game. The news broadcasts are funny, the lines the characters say are filled with cute geek references and stuff like that, and the visual polish feels like watching an animated movie at its best moments. I think the problem is that too many hardcore strategy fans bought this and thought it was bad, but it's more for someone who wants a relatively simple stress-relief game that they don't have to think too hard about when they're playing. It's cheetos, not filet mignon.So, uh... honestly, for that, I recommend it. It's great to blow off some steam and play something that has the dance moves of a more complicated game but goes easy on you even at the highest difficulty levels. Hah, I just realized something while writing this - you know what it's like? One of those clicker games, like Cookie Clicker and all of those! Just with a bit more structure. You click your way to victory meeting funny characters along the way. Is it worth $30? For the amazing animation quality and beautiful music I say yes, yes it actually is.Insanely high production values black-sheep game that everyone hated, would play it any time I need something simple and stupid. 10/10 for what it actually is (instead of what it was hyped to be, mostly by the fans). If you can stand the idea without getting angry that someone turned a venerable strategy franchise into a shiny glorified version of Galcon/Dyson/other casual smartphone-style games, yeah, you'll have a nice time.I truly believe the developers had a vision, but it wasn't one that most people wanted, and so people just labeled it bad because of that. But it's not that they made Master of Orion ""wrong"" to me, it's that they made their own game that does its own thing. Things get reinvented all the time, and I feel like maybe the developers felt there were enough dry and deep 4X games out there, and made a more lighthearted Cartoon Network style one on purpose. The performance issues on computers with slower CPUs probably didn't help either, but if you keep it down to 5 opponents or so and have a recent i7, it's fine. If it's okay for a chess simulator to take a while to decide on a move, it ought to be okay here too."
76561198119210417,Not Recommended,298050,30934389,Posted: 3 April,all,Deep-Fried-Dirt,"I gave it a chance, I'm a huge fan of innovation and looking back at Moo3 I expected great things...but It's scaled back all the progress of Moo3 and Is a simplified reskined Moo2.I'm still going to wait for Dlc, If they release Exploration and a new battle system and more immerisive Ai that at the very least lives up to Moo3's I'll be satisfied.If not this game is worth maybe and I mean MAYBE.... 6 bucks so wait for a deal.P.s:DevelopersPlease improve the amount of conent or at the very least make the next game you realease a reskinned Moo3 ;)Seriously though kinda a let down...Waited the whole alpha for it to get better"
76561198009261376,Recommended,298050,31509090,Posted: 2 May,all,~JawZ~,"A terrific remake of an old classic. Great visuals, gameplay, and music.  This is the baseline game by which all other 4x space adventures will be judged. If you loved MOO 2, this purchase is a no brainer."
,Not Recommended,298050,31907903,Posted: 22 May,all,McL0vA®,"boring AF, too few stuff to do."
76561197963375191,Recommended,298050,31971206,Posted: 26 May,all,Makantotanpo,"Maybe it lacks the depth of other 4x space games but im really enjoying my time in master of orion.Master of orion 2 is one of my favourite games of all time and being able to play a newer version with decent voice acting and gameplay is really what i was looking for.It also getting update regularly adding new features and improving the ai which is always nice.If u liked the old master of orion games this is a must have, if u looking for a deep 4x space game maybe there r better options out there.i would speacilly recommend it to people that this is gona be its first 4x space game.all in all a good game thats totally worth its price"
,Recommended,298050,32359551,Posted: 12 June,all,Waldrus,"Good day! Played with tons of space/strategy games so in the genre this game is really outstanding. Not because of the limitless options you have, instead those opportunities ingame you have are imho really well thought-out. Not hard to learn how to play and really fun if you love strategy-build-think games. Took some elements from Imperium Galactica which makes space combat a good addition. This is a must-have for the genre lovers."
,Recommended,298050,34561801,Posted: 28 August,all,-GK- Pretorian,Epic to be able to play this game again in new form. The game is well made and there are many of the old races. Some you will have to add in DLC. I like the gameplay and the different ways to win the game but I will always like to go oldshool and play all the way. If you are a MOO fan you will like this.
76561198086020112,Recommended,298050,25290609,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,DemonDruss,I really enjoyed the game and found the UI to be easy to manage while still being delightful to watch as your empire grows. I'd like to see multiple saves and maybe a map editor and some more options for the custom race design but I'm sure they will be forthcoming with time.
76561198369500042,Recommended,298050,33064071,Posted: 30 June,all,buckwc,"I really enjoy this game, a great 4x, turn-based, strategy game. Love it! I highly recommend this game."
76561198020547457,Recommended,298050,33537486,Posted: 14 July,all,Demonk,"A decent game but lacks some depth when it comes to mid- and end-game. Once you learn how to use the lanes to block out the enemy, the game becomes quite repetitive.Still, kudos for ressurecting such a classic game. I played for 15h and it was quite fun."
,Recommended,298050,33540403,Posted: 14 July,all,dupmeister,"This is a decent remake of the original, closer then most have gotten. It retains much of the feel of MOO2, though a few things were annoying. the Hyper lanes were irritating and could have been handled differently,   Space combat was a let down, regardless of what you do, its pretty much auto-pilot.Those were the only points that stood out for me, otherwise the voice acting is amazing, the graphics are sharp, the music is good and the overall flavor of the game keeps with the spirit of MOO and MOO2."
76561198241228778,Recommended,298050,33580526,Posted: 16 July,all,randy,"It's a really good remake that satiates the nostalgia while bringing MOO franchise into the present.I did not play MOO1 but spent hundreds of hours with MOO2 and MOO3 back in the day and can say that this remake is very close to the MOO2 experience. Should you want an even closer recreation: there's mods already available that make the game ""More like MOO2"" (actual name of the mod). I didn't try this, since I'm quite happy with the new technology tree (mostly MMO2 techs, with slightly different arrangement).AI diplomacy actually works and makes sense, which wasn't the case with the originals.The only nitpick I currently have is that space combat and ship mechanics do not have feature-parity with MOO2. Most notably: there is no ship boarding, which was a major machanic I used a lot in MOO2, especially when playing races that did not have ""creative"" trait, as a means of getting more technology from the enemy (by scrapping stolen ships). It was also a good way to get all of the Antaran tech, since taking Orion only gave you a random subset.I would like to see a DLC/expansion that would introduce boarding, crew experience, fleet controls and a bit more detail and control to ship mechanics - to cover this last gap and bring the new MOO to feture-parity with MOO2."
,Not Recommended,298050,25624450,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Geofferic,"If you want to know why you should not waste money on this game, look no further than the pirates.They don't pirate. I know the pirates in earlier games weren't amazing, either, but by now the pirates should have some function other than ""screw up the early game"".That's all they do, literally. And this is the design philosophy for this game: add something to slow down progression, otherwise the game is too easy.The pirates never pirate. They don't take anything. They destroy everything they can, and otherwise just provide fodder for no reason. There's no diplomatic interaction with the pirates, even tho it seems an obvious idea to be able to buy them off or pay them to attack an enemy, etc. Nope. They are just randomly spawning units that fly directly to their death over and over until they've sufficiently weakened your defender to kill it.It's so damned *boring* and predictable and not fun. Anti-fun, if you will.If you're not convinced by that, then consider the pollution mechanic. It's literally just a time waster. You must micro-manage pollution on your planets, even planets with next to nothing in the way of industry.I mean JESUS people, I get it, you want some internet karma for caring about the environment - that's great. I am really impressed that the devs are SJWs out to clean up the lakes and rivers, but this is a game set in a technologically advanced universe. Why can't we use alternate forms of energy? Why can't we use clean production processes? Why must you beat me over the head with your tired politics?Just. No.Just save your money - the bad design choices and political nonsense just aren't worth the price of admission."
76561198022223959,Recommended,298050,32629913,Posted: 21 June,all,moshpitkosh,"its not moo2. its not moo3its somewhere inbetween,its not a bad game, its not a great gamebut for $20 on sale? youll probably get a few dozen hours out of it if you were a fan of the series.however it does seem development and support for the game has halted."
76561198062747077,Not Recommended,298050,28307860,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,FreedomB4U,"It is tuff to master and just as things look up you get slammed and it makes game play frustrating!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Very poor tutoring help to learn game which justs adds to the Frustration, I would not recommend to anyone.  Don't spend the money"
76561198031683733,Not Recommended,298050,33634659,Posted: 18 July,all,marcoux.stephane,"That game is soooo full of disapointement.Beside the great voice acting, the game isn't what I was expecting.1) impossible to auto retreat.2) Even if you are not at war, the AI attack, destroy your ship without any repercursion. All that in supposedly neutral territory.3) Diplomacy isn't up to what we can have in other games.4) Combat is sloppy at best. For the moment, make missiles. They are godly. Beam weapons are for the whimps.5) Tech tree is so so. I have seen better.6) Pirates are everywhere in the begining of the game. They are a total annoyance. If and IF you are lucky, you won't have to many pirate base near your system. Explore with frigates, it is safer (but counter intuitive).7) It is almost as if the number of poor and ultra poor planets are off the chart. There are so many of these that the game is not as enjoyable at it looks.I really tried to play the game and enjoy it. But the simple fact of no retreat for auto combat is a no go for me. The game isn't punishing, it is simply badly designed. The only redeeming quality is the voice acting. This part is really great. The rest, meh..."
76561197967092158,Recommended,298050,35228590,Posted: 26 September,all,Crawler,Master of Orion brings back the great content of it's previous titles.  Battle are in real-time which makes gameplay flow better.  It's Civilization in space!
76561198133006124,Recommended,298050,33871423,Posted: 28 July,all,[RG]Mud Cricket,Really have always loved this game since i was a child. played it for thousands of hours as MOO2. This is a stunning and wonderfully upgraded version of the classic turn based strategy genre 10/10
76561198213795848,Recommended,298050,32713690,Posted: 23 June,all,jonathan.a.smith25,Great tribute to Orion series. Only knock is long load times between turns. Other than that the game is near perfect.
76561198300724994,Recommended,298050,33859477,Posted: 28 July,all,alekzzz,"I think it is very much like I remember it playing when I was a kid. So nostalgic, I love it."
76561197981207999,Recommended,298050,32753469,Posted: 24 June,all,l2kdraco1,I still think this rates very well compared to the old ones
76561198001635979,Recommended,298050,34807390,Posted: 7 September,all,DocSkull,"Solid game. I like very much the UX and UI improvements over the last titles.PROS> majestic art, animation, interface, sfx and music, good feeling about playing different races, easy to get in and play, agile game, conquering is still funCONS> not so bright AI, lacks the turn based top down combat that I used to love, tech tree oversimplifiedP.S. gotta try the multiplayer yet"
76561198166819319,Not Recommended,298050,31951348,Posted: 25 May,all,*****,"Game shows promise, but is sadly mostly abandoned.I run linux and  the red boxes problem that has not been fixed yet, makes the game look super ugly.There are also some random graphics glitches, mostly with the eyes being black boxes in diplomacy.On linux there are a lot of random crashes.If I play on large map I usually come to around round 300 before the game crashes _every_ time Iend the turn, restarting and trying to continue causes another crash so impossible to continue from thatpoint.AI is plain stupid making it too easy, even on high difficulty levels. The difficulty levels only seems to makethe AI receive higher production, tech and money bonus, not actually play better.Too little options to specialize planets, too many of them end up having the same buildings."
76561197970685560,Not Recommended,298050,25303290,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,iorek,"This game feels a bit like MOO for console.  Everything has been ""dumbed down""The game is resonable well polished, looks good, few bugs and It would probably stand up 10 years ago.It stands up well on its own if you have never played a 4x and don't compare it to anything.but the 4x genre has moved on, other games leave this feeling dated and incomplete.Its sad to see a game that defined the 4x for years get released like this.I find myself watching TV while playing this game.IssuesThe tech tree is very repetative with no real innovation, just 25% more +1 dmg and you don't really decide what to research you just work along the tree.   Often attepting to pickup just production and planet techs, researches everything; guns, shields etc there is no way to focus a ""tree"" like other games.All races share the same tech tree and have very little variation in racial traists outside 25% bonus in X to make them unique.  The one race that doesn't consume food (like every 4x these days) is the only Unique trait.The AI is hideously dumb and not very agressive, You have to try to provoke combat in most situations and then its simply a matter of defeating 2-3 fleets and GG you won. now you spend 50+ turns playing Whack-a-Mole on planets that spawn a single frigate.  The game ""ends"" in 1-2 turns of combat.Increasing AI difficulty simply makes them cheat and build faster.There is no real tactical depth, the Combat is very simple, the area you fight in is too small to play ranged tactics and ships respond poorly to commands, about the only tactics involved is making sure missile vollys don't overkill small ships.The ""ship builder"" is the most simplistic thing I have seen in almost any 4x that basically boils down to, do you want direct fire weapons or missiles and upgrade your ships armor/shields x% every tech level.Unlike most games where a well built design can outclass multiple designs of the same production value this game feels like you simply pick what colour the lines seen in combat will be.Govening is poor, when you get a large amount of planets its quickly annoying to spam production, the game stops after a build queue of 4 as if we are saving memory space for consoles? Autobuild seems to randomly pick somthing, there is no large scale tools and managing fleets is just annoying.I feel like the developers of this game need to play some ""MOO clones"" and implement all the innovation and amazing features that have been developed over the past 10 years.It feels more like a High rez texture pack for an old gamePros+Well polished+Simplistic for new players with good tutorial+MultiplayerCons-Simple-Dated-DullEndless spaceSpace empires VAlpha CentauriSword of the stars 1,2Gal civ  2,3PredestinationStardrive 1,2StelarisStarpoint GeminiStar Rular 2All offer much moreIf you have never played a 4x ""moo clone"" before this is a good tutorial introduction to the genre.if you want a better game and don't care for online multiplayer, get Stardrive 2 its superior in almost every way."
76561198008903786,Not Recommended,298050,28133930,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Gottkaiser,"Very boring without Hot-Seat.Please anyone let me know if Hot-Seat should be implemented anytime.Rgds,Az"
76561198001280762,Recommended,298050,25649929,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Cattleprod,"For those that never played the originals... read this review.  I never played the original.  I love this one.  I'm not big on massively complex economy simulators.  Of course this has economy, but it is not overly difficult to understand the consequences of your actions.  I've never liked diplomacy in any game ever - but I love it in this one.  Essentially this game took everything that makes things like CIV seem like a chore, and streamline the gameplay for a really fun experiene!"
76561198051249829,Recommended,298050,31545289,Posted: 4 May,all,LessTenaciousD,"I think the key to really enjoying this game is to have never played the original, most of the bad reviews are from people who think it doesn't live up to its predecessor. That said, I think it's pretty fun and I haven't run into any bugs. Combat is fun, though unforgiving. Diplomacy is okay, and certainly more in depth than Civ VI, and the AI is challenging.I would wait for a sale to pick it up, but it isn't nearly as bad as the reviews make it out to be."
76561198271412213,Recommended,298050,25278389,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Dimitry,make linux port better. cant even change settings without it crashing and or even playing it without it crashing for 5 minutes.
76561198038392638,Recommended,298050,34362402,Posted: 19 August,all,jassvesss,excellent game!!!!
76561198006891718,Recommended,298050,25707566,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,burgstel,"Review disclaimer : I've never played the first three games, so this game is my first experience of the series (although i have just recently added MoO1 and 2 in my steam libraray) so my review is coming from a neutral position, with no positive or negative pre-conceptions if i was a long term fan and/or hater of the series.Review disclaimer 2 : Have only played the Humans, Psilons, Alkari and Darloks so far.Pros :Interesting races with different characteristics making them feel unqiue and different to the other races.Clean and crisp graphicsWarp Lanes (some people might have this in a 'Con' colume) - can be strategically and tactically used in various ways, especially used in conjuction with warp gateways (tech you can research)Ability to design and custom fit your layouts / blueprints for your ships - always fun doing this :)Civilisation type feel to the game with multiple ways to win, with the game being turned based generally (excluding rts combat).GNN can be funny at times (some ppls might find them annoying - but thankfully there's a option to turn off GNN) and provides some niffy updates / random eventsAbility to customise games, with different galaxy sizes, galaxy age, galaxy types, number of AI / human opponents, change game speeds and difficulty levels.Cons :Tutorial is not fleshed out enough and doesnt do enough to explain all the key concepts needed to play the game succesfullyAt the time of writing this review, the rts combat is simple and lacking a bit of depth. Currently i dont believe its available for MP (simulation only) though this could change or be patched in.Pirates were under used. No diplomatic, mercenary or bounty hunting options with them. Pirates dont really level / tech up to much as far as im aware so far (though i haven't played the harder difficulty levels so i could be wrong!)Occasional bugs / glitches with AI for some races and they might act ""OOC"" in their dealings with the player(s).Lack of a proper story / campaign mode.Overall i've enjoyed this game so far, and hope to play the other races soon to find out how they play / what they are capable of. Some of the races that i've played are fun to play, but honestly i belive they might need some tweaking in terms of balancing. The Psilons are probably just a bit o.p. when it comes to technology, where as the Darloks are weak in comparison and their spying (while strong) isn't that strong to make up the difference. Haven't played the rest of the other races yet so please bear that in mind. Very little ground combat, all of it being simulated so if you're looking for a game where you can fight space and ground battles (ala Star Wars : Empire At War / Forces of Corruption) you will be disappointed.Not too bad a game and has the potential to be great, but definately will need some work in terms of balancing and content patched in, alongside a full tutorial to help us MoO newbies learn the game better. At the risk of annoying long term fans of the series, i currently rate this game :6.8 / 10Above Average, with alot of potential :)UPDATE : Have played the Mrrshan Pride. This race seems best geared for an early conquest victory, with the race starting with destroyers and better marines. They do have an advanage in terms of other races accepting deals, though this is useful later in game, not at the start.Their tech seems inefficient however, so if a game drags on, then the Mrrshan Pride could find themselves at a serious disadvantage tech wise, especially if they're up against the Psilons. Theres very little ground combat so far in game, so the""advantage"" of better marines isnt that useful. Best bet is to build an early fleet and ""Zerg Rush"" opponents before they can build / tech up to much.UPDATE 2 : Have now played a little bit of the Klackon hive. This race seems to be the Zerg / Tyranids of this game (whatever your preference is lol). They are an insect race, controlled by a hive mind, led by a queen (sounding familar yet? ROFL).They have an insane production rate for ships and buildings, and grow and insane amount of food, which in turn increases their numbers to acheive higher production values. If their tech and research wasn't so poor / slow i would say they're o.p but i'm assuming this is the game's natural balance to their overall high production / population advantages. Note : they also have a beginning disadvantage diplomatically as well, but no where near as pronounced as the tech disadvantage.UPDATE 3 : Have played the Sakkara race. This race is kind of a reptilian / dinosaur race and has been in previous versions of MoO (not that i have played them!). They are an aggressive and highly reproductive race (holy hell does this race have a big advantage over others in terms of population growth rate!).Because of their high reproductive rate, this race is an expansionist race, especially since they get the biology tech straight off the bat! They do suffer a disadvantage in terms of diplomacy, and their technology/research is uncreative, which might hurt their cause late game. A race it seems best suited to be aggressive early before the other races can catch up in numbers or tech."
,Recommended,298050,25273214,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,[BSD]DATA78Lux,Nice reboot :)
,Recommended,298050,25324441,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Splunkjamma,"So let’s review Master of Orion, the rebooted offering from NGD studios. I have a love hate relationship with 4x games and often get the feeling that they all offer the same gaming experience. You get tech trees, alien species, anomaly bonus crates and a thin veneer of a story which is fluffed out by how you go about your galactic business. Weather it’s uniting factions with your diplomatic hippy powers or crushing your enemy’s with fleets of alien♥♥♥♥♥♥kicker ships. You can pretty much do as you will.Master of Orion or Moo as it’s funny acronymic title is okay for a 4x title. I see it as more of an entry level 4x game. It has nice cut scenes, fairly in-depth tactical space battles and a Klingon traitor doing the voice overs. The problem I had with the game is I just couldn’t get in to it. After the first opening moves (or turns) everything just seemed to slot into generic 4x. The thing is I’ve played Distant Worlds which is a huge real time 4x game. Okay DW has graphics that would make a C64 blush but it has enormous depth and customisation. I’m not bashing Moo but just warning seasoned veterans of the genre that Moo in my opinion won’t satiate that galactic empiric feel you get from other 4x titles.So on to the obligatory pros and cons:PROS:Michael DornNice art assets and animationsThe races are pretty well thought out but limitedA solid entry level 4x gameCONS:Generic 4x gameplayPretty limited tech treeNot enough ship and general customisationEvil human race is locked behind paywall? (I could be wrong)I’m giving it a positive review because it does exactly what it says on the tin. The tin is subjective though. It may be a tin of glorious Heinz baked beans ready to be lovingly poured over some toast. Or it’s a tin of all day breakfast that you scarf down after a drinking binge that should have stopped 4 days ago.Cheers!"
,Not Recommended,298050,26205352,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,xelmyrion,"Did not buy the Collector's Edition, but wanted to later...except that Steam doesn't allow me to buy it. So, now that I've made this choice, I have unwittingly cut myself off from being able to play the Terran race, which is only available in Collector's edition.Too early to tell if the gameplay is worthy of recommending to others."
76561197989273094,Recommended,298050,26609544,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,War,"I have held off on doing a review of this title to see how it would evolve. As a long time fan of the original MOO 1&2 and, with sufficient community patches/modifications even MOO 3(to a point), I find that this latest installment of the ""franchise"" sits squarely as MOO 1.5.Overall colony management et al. is decent. Graphics are above average. Core races are present (though lacking relative to MOO 2 and MOO 3 in quantity and variation/backstory). Music and sound effects are typical of a strategy title. The UI is viable with most areas being reasonably intuitive for a 4x design.I find the lack of backstory to be a great detriment to this iteration of MOO. Other titles, even MOO 3, had a greater atmosphere in terms of racial distinctiveness--there was a feel of something more vs. a generic 4x that's founded on an excellent series.Though I have never been a hard set fan of leaders, certainly their absense from this product is clearly a detriment--as previous titles in the series and many modern competitors (Stellaris) have such implemented.Space battles are a very curious beast. They lack the hands on control and tactics of MOO 1 & 2, but are more fluid than the system utilised in MOO 3. The bias towards long ranged weaponry, ala MOO 3, remains and the lack of tight hands on tactical control (to the degree of MOO 2) has me often gearing fleets for autoresolution rather than for any sort of finesse (which makes me think of combat in Spaceward Ho!).Overall, however, development has continued. Additional content has been added and many bugs have been fixed. Though this title is far from complete/polished, continued improvements are clearly evident. This, with the nostalgia of the MOO universe/franchise, makes me optimistic as to the true ""end product"" that will be generated.I recommend this title to anyone who is a fan of the MOO franchise--there is enough here, and the promise of more, to afford fans of the MOO series and enjoyable experience.For others who are not veterans of the franchise I would advise waiting to see if the new DLC content is enough to flush out the core options to make this, functionally, more on par with Stellaris (which is curently a more complete 4x experience without MOO nostalgia)."
,Recommended,298050,25351637,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,NoYzE,"Nice game with very polished UI, runs great on Linux!"
76561197983051342,Recommended,298050,31028755,Posted: 8 April,all,KalleColt,"Good game, many flashbacks from old Orion 2.But a big down is the ending, where is the epic victory video that was in Orion 2, it was just game over and thats it. :("
76561198026479400,Not Recommended,298050,35038483,Posted: 17 September,all,bruchowski,Ship combat is terrible and the game crashes all the time.
,Recommended,298050,28194156,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,[VF83]Shinjitama,"Not an advancement of the previous games, but more or less a... Remakeits enjoyable"
76561197968563993,Not Recommended,298050,34060986,Posted: 6 August,all,arcanusdevious,The game has a groovy old school feel but nostalgia can only carry a torch so far before it fizzles. My biggest gripe was compared to other 4x games the uninspired tech tree was lacking.
76561198005656986,Recommended,298050,34463592,Posted: 24 August,all,Sn00gans,"Takes me back to the original days of the first game. Fun, but seems a little rushed out."
76561198258744688,Not Recommended,298050,29147596,Posted: 9 January,all,wanlink,Font sizes are too small. Texts are too small. Fonts doesn't seem to be unique. Hard to read. Eyes are getting tired very quickly.
76561198030941623,Recommended,298050,28194327,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Algorythm,"Contrary to reports of Linux Woe in the recents reviews, I am launching playing...and getting chewed up by Antarrans...just fine with Ubuntu 16.04Still a good faithful remake of MoO."
,Recommended,298050,25632623,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Inspector Gulok,An excellent remake of the original game! I hope they make an Antaaran DLC...*
,Recommended,298050,25636674,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Blkdragon42,"I've been playing master of orion games since the original, and this game more than lives up to the name. My only suggestion to the game creators, please add a collector's edition upgrade option that doesn't force people to purchase the older games. I would love to unlock the extra race but I already own all the master of orion titles and it would be redundant for me to purchase them again.edit: I'd also like to add an observation I made about the A.I. that I think would improve the end game a bit. When I play the game I usually try to ally myself with another race, giving them colonies in my territory, unfortunatley the only way I can completley trust an ally not to stab me in the back is if they are incredibly weak, if they are close to my power level they will betray me when they have the chance, basically forcing me to kill every other race. Some minor A.I. tweaks to make allies more trust worthy would be nice, not everyone wants to win by just killing everyone."
,Recommended,298050,25637026,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,thefallendr,I went into the game hoping for something simillar to MOO 2. It's not exact but it's not drastically different either. I enjoy it. It has become my go to space strategy. Basically it's my Total War: Space.
76561198060646332,Recommended,298050,25638236,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,m.donnelly96,Great game. Still needs some work though.(NOTE:) The team behind the game are still consistantly updating and making fixes after the realease.This game is like combining the space section of Spore with civ.Positives:The graphics are amazing.The designs of the worlds are beautiful and interesting.The characters are colorful and full of personality. (Amazing voice actors)Negatives:Still exhisting glitches.Auto-resolve isn't 100% accurate.Races can break character and randomly do something they wouldn't.
,Recommended,298050,26546692,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Hillwind,"Not for die hard fans, but great for casual 4x players"
,Recommended,298050,26723901,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Num7,"The 4x space strategy game I've been looking for, for so long. With the 5X Mod available in the Workshop, you'll have a great time conquering the stars.And the game has great production value. It feels good and has a lot of polish and personality. It doesn't feel bland like Endless Space 2 does.Also, it might not be as deep as MOO2. I only played MOO2 a few times, so I can't say for sure. But this new MOO is a game you'll have a good time playing. Maybe it's not as super deep or super complex as some self-proclaimed ""fans"" would want it to be.... But it's fun, and that's what matters, right?Have fun!"
76561198044644574,Recommended,298050,27807211,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Raakken,Light scifi strategy game to who will rule the galaxy. Allways have to take one turn more suddenly you realize tha its three o'clock in the morning and you have to wake up in thee hours to work.
76561198036194347,Recommended,298050,28724876,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,OriginofChaos,"This game has a lot of depth, is easy to pick up, and fun to try to master. Most enjoyable 4x game I've played in a while."
76561198036525782,Recommended,298050,28732091,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,g2sgt,"Thank you for a fine game.  I have tried to play at least six or seven space based games over the past 20 years.  I have been unable to play any of them successfully because I could not envision what was happening when I made a decision and thus was unable to evaluate my effectivness in play until some civilization that  I knew nothing or little about destroyed mine.  Your presentation of the balance between populaiton, science, and productionl, couppled with easy fleet upgrades  has made me a 100% fan of Master of Orion.  I haven't learned how to make war and win but I have already won by political victory and come close to winning an economic victory.  Now that I have accepted that I can't buy everything in the toy box and win I am improving rapidly.  Thank you again, James C. Reesman,g2sgt@att.net."
,Recommended,298050,28804635,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Cent,"I really loved playing Master of Orion 1 & 2 when I was younger, and this game is a good modern version of those. Yes, a lot of reviewers have complaints about it being too simple or the lack of tactical combat, but I wasn't bothered in the slightest. This feels closer to Civilization than other space 4x games, which is fine by me. If you want a space strategy game with tons of micromanagement, this isn't for you. But if you are ok with a streamlined experience, you'll enjoy this game."
76561198005379567,Recommended,298050,30112485,Posted: 22 February,all,vyrago,"A veritable re-mastering of Master of Orion 2, it's a love letter to the best 4X game of all time.  High production values, a great diplomacy and espionage system which many current 4X games lack.  It doesnt take any risks or do anything new, its just a solid and great looking space conquest game.  Don't pass it up."
76561198027276624,Recommended,298050,28557891,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,4xAmple,"I would recommend this game, particularly to 4X newbies who want to cut their teeth in the genre. The gameplay is accessible yet can be deep – has a low skill floor and high skill ceiling.It is highly polished graphically and in terms of sound assets (great voice acting talent bar none) and the fluff story of each race is lovingly re-created from MoO2 days of yore. The race customisation screen has most of the MoO2 staples like Creative, Lithovore etc.My only hesitation so far was in that the game still has a few bugs – I mean other than the Klackon - on my rig but the devs have been very keen to interact and help address any issues the community flagged to them. This gives me confidence in the long term prospects of the game."
76561198007810349,Recommended,298050,29453490,Posted: 23 January,all,Reznen,"Brings back some good memories from the original Master of Orion. Warning: once you hit play, you cannot shut it off. Incredible game!"
,Recommended,298050,28441392,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,shadowfoxza,"As a long-time fan of the Master of Orion series, I'll admit was I pretty hesitant about picking up this remake/reboot/whatever you want to call it. Some of the decisions made by the devs didn't sit well with me at all, but I finally decided to give the game a fair go.Before I start - I'm reviewing MOO + the Antares DLC, and I'm running the 5X mod. These both impact my overall impression of the game.I'm happy to say that my experiences with the game so far have been mostly positive. I loved the turn-based combat of the original MOO series, but I have to admit that running battles in real-time allows for a fairer outcome, rather than the ""wipe-the-opposite-fleet-off-the-map-before-they-get-a-chance-to-shoot"" scenarios I quite often had in MOO2, and was almost always able to take advantage of in the late-game.The overhaul of the espionage system with the DLC was a definite step in the right direction.This might not be the MOO that hard-core fans wanted, but this is definitely the most fun I've had in a space-based 4X game since the days of MOO2. There are aspects I'm not entirely fond of, such as star-lanes, the Antaran's obesession with me in every game, the mod menu working whenever it decides it wants to, and the fact that I have to make use of a mod to get a decent balanced game.There are bugs that crop up from time to time, and the game tends to slow down pretty drastically as you get closer to your turn-limit. I tend to let the AI take care of space battles because once there are enough ships on the screen managing all of them becomes a massive pain.If you had to ask me whether I would recommend the game - I would say yes. It's not everything I hoped for, but it ticks most of the right boxes for me, personally. There are still many areas in which the game can improve, and hopefully the devs will work on some of these.If reading this review still doesn't make you decide one way or another, I'd recommend waiting for the next sale, and grabbing it then."
,Recommended,298050,28679778,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,linuxjediz,"THIS is the successor to MOO and MOO2 that we've been waiting for. The feel is the same as MOO2 but an updated version. It's a smooth, polished, logical step up from before. This is what MOO3 SHOULD have been. Even so, it's not a huge step up, so wait for it to be on sale before getting it."
76561198355622601,Not Recommended,298050,35076699,Posted: 19 September,all,donwallace3,Boring boring boring. Slow and dull just waiting and waiting for tech levels to upgrade.
,Not Recommended,298050,28910524,Posted: 1 January,all,⎝👽⎠ J G Baxter ⎝👽⎠,"Endless Space is better, and I don't much like that game either.Space Combat and Ship Design, more like moo 3 than moo 2 (aka garbage).Leaders, pathetic system.Ship experience, nope.Is this an updated moo 2 that you love?  -Nope.Is this a cash grab for an update moo 3 that isn't worth the money and you should play moo 2 instead? -Yup."
76561197970481298,Recommended,298050,28130122,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Protonic Flux,"I am going to do something I do not normally do, I am going to review a game.  Though, in all honesty, this is more a review of the game company then of the game itself.  When I heard there was a new Master of Orion game coming, I was estatic.  I have many fond memories of all the MoO games, I enjoyed all of them, even 3......And here we were getting a new game!  Then I realized the way gaming companies are now a days, games get released halfway done, lazy programming and shoddy quality checking along with excellerated deadlines is the norm for most game developers today.  And I have always blamed the system more then the people in the system itself.  But enough of that BS.  The new Master of Orion game did something, and has continued to do something, that I have not seen in a development crew for a long time.  It impresses.  I love this game.  It's fun.  And that is why people buy games....To have fun.  But I have seen a commitment in the new MoO game that I dont think I've ever seen in a development company.  They keep working to make this game the best that it can be.  You may not agree with every choice made, but they have been willing to make it.  There have been a ton of games abandoned after being finished.  MoO is definently NOT one of those games.  And for that reason alone, I recommend buying this game."
76561198036022602,Not Recommended,298050,28129840,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,ilducadivenalzio,"Disappointing, very vanilla 4x."
76561197968693706,Recommended,298050,32623441,Posted: 21 June,all,ashbery76,Good space 4x with great production values and decent A.I.Dont let Moo2 fanboys put you off.Easily one off the better space 4x games of recent times and one I will continue to play.It's a real shame wargamer did not add more expansions.
76561197970762017,Recommended,298050,25615063,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,HarneyEmpire,"MOO Its a fun quick game like playing checkers - Stellaris is the new kid on the block. All the races in MOO have access to the same tech.  In Stellaris the same can be said , but for one difference. The Tech tree is random.Sins of a solar empire Technology Tree is race speicific which is way better then MOO and Stellaris. All 3 games are fun.If i wanna quick simple game - thats MOOIf i want a deep challenge - StellarisIf i want race specific tech game - Sins of a solar empireIf i had to pick one - it would be Sins of a solar EmpireWhy ? The race tech tree is different. If you think about it. No 2 races would have the SAME tech.Even in WW2 - the germans had the Tiger/panther tanks, Americans - Shermans the Russia  t-34s and IS tankssame can be said for Ships and Plane designs.  me 109, spitfires and Yaks and Zeros all were different designs with different weapons and structual designs.Finally - babylon 5 was better was  because of race specific technology. everyone in Star Trek and Star wars had the same tech. Some races in bab5 had no gravity on their ships, some had shields others didn't. Some had Jump drives other needed to use jump gates.Get all three games."
,Recommended,298050,26119448,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,JayL,It's great to meet an old friend rejuvenated…I completely missed the project to revamp MoO… I played for hours the originals.. This new version is nice… I was happy to play MoO again…One small comment : The interface is a bit odd on a touchpad only laptop but it’s manageable…
76561198001849321,Recommended,298050,31064605,Posted: 10 April,all,kar351,"There are many 4X strategy games out there, but what any new player must realize is, Master of Orion is the father of all modern 4X space games. Since the first game, followed by the huge success of MOO2 (Master of Orion 2) and the mess the 3rd game was, this new one, is a modern copy of MOO2. Is that bad? Not really. While all the core concepts that made MOO2 the best 4X space game, Master of Orion is a gem. I played the old games to exaustion and do not let the low hours of play I have here on Steam foul you. I know this game very well.Pros:- A totally redesign of the old concept that works with new graphics and improved gameplay and new concepts that work.- Total freedom of customization. You can setup your game in difficulty and the galaxy at your own taste.- Many different types of victories- Great implementation of Steam workshop and multiplayer.- Great graphics effects and colors make the galaxy feel alive.- Relaxing gameplay- Real time battles, control your ships, give orders and let the AI take over but always ready for you to take control- It's Master of Orion!Cons:- Game still needs some tweaking, since in late turns it takes some time to end a turn even on high end systems.- DLC with extra 3 races that always were present in the franchise.- Can be a bit repetitive in easy levels of difficulty.About the DLC's I cannot recommend buying this game with all DLC's for full price. In particular the one that adds the extra 3 races since they were always present in the franchise.If you really want to buy it now, go without the dlc's or wait for a sale and buy it all.It is a great game with many different types of gameplay, the same tactics might not always work.If you already know the franchise and still wondering if this is worthy, It is! imaging MOO2 with today technology.If you never played the franchise and know some titles like galactic civilizations or Stellaris or even Sins of Solar Empire, then you really must have this game.In other words, It is the epic Civilization in space!"
76561198028062435,Recommended,298050,25546084,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,yoger6,"There are no suitable words to describe how much satisfaction I've got every time I lead the machines to victory.One huge disappointment is that when I play huge galaxy and want to conquer all the planets, ending turn freezes my pc for a while. It makes my wish to rule them all unfullfilable."
76561198032778645,Recommended,298050,25552212,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Pang Long,Somehow the same as MOOII. Maybe in a fresh skin. But its not the same amount of fun. There a few things missing. Fleed and Planetleader for examble.  I looked forward for new races an ore Skill to build new interesting Alienspecies. ANd without the automatic Fabik you are lost in Space. I hope there will be a lot updates there a still enough oportunities for Master of Orion to become a great Game.
,Recommended,298050,25607991,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,woolfsmck,"Tried the different maps and each one requires a slightly different play style or strategy.Each race has slightly different bonus or ability but mostly all have same goal,  get planets, beat other races for most population.More population means more money or research or ships or whatever you want to win.Realtime combat is fun and works, no bugs yet.  Only everyone has same options for tech and weapons.The differences being in whether you pick item a or item b after researching a box, but you can trade for the tech you don't choose with friendly ai.AI does some wonky things but is mostly sound in their empire building.  The races who get fast growth are usually tougher to beat since they have larger fleets and mass quanity usually beats quality.Some things to make the game deeper imo ..............Resources ....  generic manufacturing resources can be broken down so that you can harvest said resources or not....i.e. wood, food,  metal, rare metal, energy, exotic space elements ect. instead of mine, big mine, bigger mine to build anything and everything.   Farms harvest food, so why not wood cutters, mines, manufactucting, and assembly plants ect. to deepen the building of fleets and weapons to keep it from being a game about quantity over quality.Human race survives better because of diplomacy and staying out of untimely wars.  Research, and stealth aren't nearly as competative to mass quanity right now.Research.....split up research tree's to keep it from being a 'research everything first' ftw.....Being really good with lasers and,  energy should be competative  to expert mass drivers and armour builders but researching both takes too much time.Have a separate tree for racial only benefits and society perks.  Phylon gets their own science building techs, Humans get diplomacy techs, Bulrathing get terraforming techs, Crag get elemental harvesting techs, ect...Also, variety of planets would add to depth,  most any planet can be made into Gia .... 8-/"
76561198325954290,Not Recommended,298050,25926426,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,ganvk76,"overall game is ok. the processing turn delay sucks! almost fall asleep everytime i press the ""next turn""....."
76561198056295795,Recommended,298050,28273509,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,xerxes0,"A lot of people give this a negative review. I disagree. I played all Master of Orion games. Now this one is not as deeply complicated as the best one MOO2 but it is still pretty good. Now you have real time battles and no actual ground combat mini game like was in MOO2 but it does excel in graphics and ease of use which is nice. My only complaint I wish there was a better planet side  colony level picture with your building you built like waas in MOO2, more than that ugly globe with tiny building on it as now, that is my only complaint. Everything else is pretty good.I do like the pollution system, and it was present in MOO2. I do not know why others hate it."
76561198030970157,Recommended,298050,28361881,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Paul_Kettlebones,It's an excellent reboot to a classic franchise that was nearly destroyed by Master of Orion 3.  I'm glad it's back and very glad that the game continues to develop and grow with dev support.
76561198024901635,Recommended,298050,28668834,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,FullOvStars,"Fantastic evolution of the genre. I played the original 1996 release 'to death' when it came out and have recently put some hours into it again thanks to Steam. Although this version still has some game play issues to streamline, it feels that the devs are constantly tweaking the game and listening to the feedback from players. Sometimes it even makes for better gameplay when a bad 'tweak' upsets the game balance. I am not a huge fan of the current Antares ship numbers or powers, or the bug that scraps the gateways periodically, but I do have confidence it will be fixed as other problems were."
76561197971154539,Recommended,298050,28695792,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Waxfire,"Great evolution of the genre. I played the original 1993 release and then played the 1996 MOO 2 ""to death"" when it came out.Although this version still has some game play issues to streamline, it feels that the devs are constantly tweaking the game and listening to the feedback from players.Many seem to forgett that this is more a MOO than an MOO 2 reboot and are upset becouse it doesnt have all the things moo2 had.Well they are right, on the other side it is adding new elements which i greatly enjoyed make it a great game on its own.To those comparing it with moo2 well you might consider playing moo2 ... moo2 was a reboot of the original moo and had many changes so please stop whining about changes ..."
76561198011545137,Recommended,298050,28845067,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,NUTS!!!,"Overall it's quite a bit like the old 90's version of MOO2 with a couple differences. Some people hate the pollution mechanic, it doesn't really bother me though. You can have a lot more leaders than you did in MOO2, which restricted you to four of each type. The game is just as addicting.The only real draw back, which doesn't really affect me, is the weak tutorial. I knew mostly how to play the game based on my prior experience in the series.I was cautious and I waited to purchase this while on sale, though I probably would have paid full price ($30 USD) with my current knowledge of the game."
76561198206951457,Recommended,298050,29052610,Posted: 5 January,all,PAPA PARMENTER,"wargaming have done it again, they have made an outstanding recreation of MoO (Master of Orion) and i would like to give a huge thank you to all those WG staff that decided to make this game. i would absolutely give this game a 10/10. i love a good RTS and especially a space one. the only other great RTS game that i personally have really enjoyed was star wars Empire at War. im so glad for this great game WG :)"
,Recommended,298050,29056328,Posted: 6 January,all,Futuristic,"Game is good, do not think I am not appreciate well done rebuild of Galactic Civilization, but it repeats the same thing was the reason I finished to play in this game series, it is boring on next plays after the first one. Nothin new here."
,Recommended,298050,29340014,Posted: 18 January,all,OneHotRod,Great game.  If you liked MOO2 then this will fit the bill.  Pretty similar but with much imporved graphics and better combat.
76561198052680433,Not Recommended,298050,29721089,Posted: 5 February,all,milhouse.,Not good
76561197979577562,Recommended,298050,30295606,Posted: 3 March,all,Preacher,"Really love this game, a worthy successor to MOO2, but late game turn lag is gamebreaking. May as well go play Age of Wonders 3."
,Recommended,298050,30980812,Posted: 6 April,all,SpuriousTuple,"If you love space and are new to 4X games, or just want to try one out, this game is the perfect place to start. This Master of Orion is the most accessible space 4X game I've ever played. While that means a lot of down votes and negative reviews from seasoned 4X and MOO veterans, don't let that discourage you. This is still a great game."
76561198005024874,Recommended,298050,31002216,Posted: 7 April,all,ghostboards,"So like I'm chilling with the Psilons on turn 410 + after expanding my empire & putting down a rebellion on my #2 planet and fighting off those pesky meklar combine sh*tz, etc. I still get  cockblocked with epic ' processing turn ' that last time I checked was still running after 20 min plus before I had to bail on this try for universal domination . My rig is not cutting edge but I hav nvida graphics card installed  GT 740 and buttload ram etc with no mods - game settings on normal graphics, but with 6 ai races. I hav the same problem with forever ' processing turn ' sh*tting on my other game setups with less ai races -  game play.  I got this on sale & purchased dlc races for gameplay -  it's still fun but I would like ' processing turn ' times between turns fixed but thats probably not going happen for a while if ever. Still for sale price of this & dlc this still gets my thumbs up with my other thumb up my bun."
76561198218028393,Recommended,298050,31973201,Posted: 26 May,all,Loths,"Just fine.Not too complicated, not too obvious.Not too long, not too short.Not too adictive, not too boring.Worth like 15EUR, playing few times and moving on.A decent continuation after such a long break... not perfect though."
,Recommended,298050,33332034,Posted: 6 July,all,jubjjub,A lot of negative reviews but I really liked it. I never played the first 2 but this was definiatly able to scratch the Huge Space Empire itch i get every so often. I would definiatly suggest it especially for 20$.
76561197962289127,Not Recommended,298050,33796455,Posted: 25 July,all,Drenzul,"I tried to like this game. I really did.I'm a big MoO2 fan.... and while this is very similar to MoO2, its basically a bad clone with updated graphics.The enemy AI is so bad its silly.The balance is non-existant.Basically its really easy and doesn't require much in the way of brains.Multiplayer might be slightly better..... but is it worth playing Multi-player with so many better games out there.Very little to recommend this game unless you are desprete to play an updated MoO2 with a really bad AI."
76561197991285747,Recommended,298050,34698843,Posted: 2 September,all,kensan_oni,"For a new generation of MOM, this is a competent adoption, with some glaring issues. They aren't unplayable issues, but they do take some enjoyment out of the game.The bright spots: The voice actors do a bueatiful job and were worth every penny. You may get tired of them after a while, but they are enjoyable, and it's worth the price of admission to experience them all.The game hybrids between MOO 1 and 2 Economic model. You got population you can specialize in development and it has planetary surface development, but it does feel a lot like the Moo1 Sliders. None of this is a bad thing, and it feels nice wihtout having to micromanage too heavily.Visuals are wonderful, and I tend to enjoy the colonization sequences. This might be a downside for others, but for me it doesn't get boring. At least not yet.If you want to finish a game in a day or two, it is possible. Not a lot of strategy games lately can say this.DownsidesSpace Combat. OMG, you just have no control, it's almost worse than Moo3. It just is not servicable. I recommend skipping it. It's pretty, but not enjoyable at all.Tech Tree : They get rid of the older system trees, and replace it with a singular development Civilization Style Tree. It's... okay. It has a few obvious paths through it. It's not as fun as Moo2's tree, but it serves welll.Diplomacy - Yeah... it's... Well, it's not like they go to war at a drop of a hat, and the computer will work against itself, but if there is tech to trade, they'll trade it between itself before they'll trade it with you.Overall, if you are new to the genre, and if you are an old fan, or if you just like space opera, this is a servicabe 4X game that honors it's sources well. If you are already a master of the genre and more complex space sims, you probably want to give this a pass. However, the voice performances are at least worth looking at."
,Recommended,298050,26395242,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,garycsr55,"Before there was Galactic Civilizations, there was , for a great many of us, Masters of Orion. This was the trailblazing game for this type of strategy game for those of us who love them most.I, for one, am simply delighted to see it updated, yet kept more or less true to the the original.Is it the equivalent of Galactic CivilizationsII, or even 2 or 1? Of course not. Nor should we excpect it to be. No matter what is done to update it, if it is to remain true to the original, then it cannot be more than  it was at its core, without making it a whole new game.If you want to do that, then just look at the complete disaster that was Masters of Orion III, perhaps the most disastrous sequel to a game that was ever released!No, I say this is a delightful little trip down memory lane and totally enjoyable if you approach it as what it actually is....an updated version of the same game that it was, with better graphics, better voices more amusing scenes, etc. I love it!Once they get the rest of the bugs worked out (and you know they will), mods will make it have endless variations and I look  forward to the inevitable revival and endless websites to come!Now, SOMEBODY GET BUSY AND POST SOME CHEATS!!!!! please???"
,Not Recommended,298050,21555860,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Yromem´-,"It is no MOO2 like Master of Orion. This is more like MOO3.Only the colony screen is like the old one. The fights are realtime, which makes the ship design and tactical combat kind of useless.the starlane system would be okay, if noone would be able to fly through the whole galaxy from the beginning. (Fuel systematics missing)This game is cool! But is more like a better Moo3 not a real remake. And Moo3 was not a real Master of Orion anymore. I also liked it but in a total other way.The Diplomacy is more like civilization tradeing.. so at least the nice diplomacy system from moo3 could have stayed or?I cannot give a like for this as a oldscool Master of Orion Fan I really miss the Turn Based tactical Combats.I will still play this as a new Master of Orion 3, but it cannot replace Moo2 for me,.Conclusion:They tried but failed, hopefulley they will at least change how the combat works, then i might change my review.greetz"
76561198154611264,Not Recommended,298050,32627300,Posted: 21 June,all,jvkana,"Master Of Orion 2 was just perfect, but this game is not even good, stuff looks too complicated and the space travel is just bad when compared to MOO2."
76561197998286006,Recommended,298050,33944678,Posted: 1 August,all,Fur Fag,"I firmly believe that 4X strategy games have every bit the right as the next game to have high production values, and this game shows just that. But it should be noted that when it comes to gameplay you won't find any new features here. It's a tride and true traditional 4X game all together, and damn it, I love it for that. I await to see further DLC from it, hopefully."
,Recommended,298050,28689329,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,mr.richard.rice,"Great game! 8/10The game improved on all the issues I felt limited by in MOO2. The game has a hard time processing large battles, antarian attacks/buildup, between turns and makes it so I can't run anything else on my PC. This game is a big memory hog but if you have the gear then it should be less worse. I'm really enjoying the multiplayer feature on this game lately. Updates have addressed most issues. The game still needs some work to perfect it though."
76561198060433751,Recommended,298050,28687580,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,xeen313,"Shiny new interface with easy controls for newbies and series fans.For those ""diehard"" MOO2 fans who want the exact same game, please rethink your reviews. I'd have picked this gem up months ago had it not been for the negativity. My only gripe is the DLC for original races but hey, if I can buy the devs a new pair of sneakers whatever...Looking forward to seeing it and the workshop grow!"
76561198018734682,Recommended,298050,27020144,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[ZSU] Ryley (Ryls),Is good
76561198051811399,Recommended,298050,33897543,Posted: 29 July,all,DangerPie,The feel of the classic games updated with modern systems and interface. Ive enjoyed it with no major issues.
76561198115678129,Recommended,298050,25507804,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,StarTrooper,"this is an improvement over moo3, but is nothing compared to moo2.1] get rid of the space lanes from moo32] to much colony micro management3] its a turn base game and needs turn base battle [what happened to assult shuttles]4] not all ship improvements need a refit [ dautless is auto, not a mod to refit]5] need a bring back a telepathic race/option [hate wasting time on troop ships]6] why nerf the star base's? an outpost is tougher to destroy. they are good for command points only!7] the map looks really nice and is as annoying as all the other new games that think graphics make the game more playable. i don't need to ""zoom in"" to the colony to make changes. in/out and jumping from colony to colony is to much. please give me the option to turn off the pretty graphics and switch to a flat map like moo2.i could go on, but the point is: this is a good start for new players, but i would be happier with an expansion pack for moo2. moo2 may not be pretty, but after 20 yrs, its still a better game!the best part of this game for me: moo2 came with it and its on steam. i no longer have to deal with dos box to play moo2. steam has done the work for me!"
76561198028718056,Recommended,298050,28279140,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,rj,"well after waiting for the game and the promised patches, and rest of the aliens we finally get it in the Buy Master of Orion: Revenge of Antares Race PackIncludes 3 items: Master of Orion: Elerian Fiefdoms, Master of Orion: Gnolam League, Master of Orion: Trilarian Shoal.just 9.99 more which should have been with the orignal game...let squeeze some more money from them...No thanks"
76561198012225837,Recommended,298050,28903602,Posted: 1 January,all,pendergast4,"I've played ALL the MOO games since they came out.  I think by FAR this one is the best yet.  The first one was revolutionary, and the second was even better.  Only MOO 3 ended up being a disappointment, but this one fixed everything that was wrong with that and made it shine.  The only thing I have a problem with is trying to control combat on my own is difficult, but there's a full and semi-auto modes, so it works great.  Love it, two thumbs up."
76561198027291239,Recommended,298050,30644629,Posted: 20 March,all,hrihteddy,"I really enjoy this game, but it is very rough around the edges.  It will do very well with some more patches.  If taken care of this could be a great space empire game."
76561198012653998,Recommended,298050,25950043,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Marauder,"I've been a fan of the MOO series since it came out.  Certainly not a ""die hard"" fan, but I played all the games, and would rank them in my top 5 strategy games of all time.I was hesitant to purchase this game based on many reviews, but I do really enjoy it.  I do believe it's shelf life is relatively short unless they bring out some major updates or expansions soon.  Some of the positives that I really enjoy about this game is that games go rather quickly.  I enjoy the level of management meaning.  I don't enjoy games that bog me down in the details of every thing.  Ship design is done well to keep it easy, but there are enough choices that need to be made to make it interesting.  The game is beautiful, and the voice acting is pretty good.My primary negative is that the races don't feel all that different.  I also think that custom races start with too few points.  I think if they gave custom races 2 more points it would retain balance, and make the game more fun by being able to design your own take on the races.I can see myself putting another 10-30 hours into this game, and then revisiting from time to time because of how easy it is to pick up and play."
76561198064830569,Recommended,298050,27374975,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Peter Pangolin,"A great entry level strategy game, in space!"
,Recommended,298050,28273941,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,nakedPlumber,I like my Doom Star.
76561198065485575,Recommended,298050,28740955,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Intelligentleman,"This game is great.I like what they did with the game, and it still has the whole MOO feel with it.Ignore the negative reviews, if i listened to them I would've missed out."
,Recommended,298050,30226675,Posted: 27 February,all,Neddy,"A simplified remake of MoO2 - some reductions in complexity have been sacrificed for a more streamlined and ""ergonomic"" product. Most of the hate here is because fans were hoping for MoO2 with a new paint job, but (like XCOM before it) the developers believed that something more streamlined would be better received. (Of course, there is considerable hate here about mod support or lack thereof, but that's a community I will not comment on as I am not part of it) I think their gamble paid off, and the game is solid and fun. If you're not a militant purist, or you're a newcomer, I heartily recommend the game as a fun and addictive experience.(Edit for typographical errors)"
76561198033741282,Recommended,298050,30253765,Posted: 28 February,all,archnem,"I spent a LOT of time playing MOO2, and think it's one of the best PC games ever made.  I also consider MOO3 to be one of the worst PC games ever made.  That said, I find this newest iteration to be a good, but not great game.  I bought it on sale for $14.99 and am quite happy with my purchase.The Good:The graphics, soundtrack, and general atmosphere of the game are great.  The dev spent alot of money on the voiceover work and it shows.  The game is quite pretty, and really has a lot of polish.  The game mechanics are solid and fun, and the UI is very functional without getting in the way.  Combat can be underwhelming, but unlike alot of RTS space combat, ship design actually matters quite a bit - which was one of my favorite parts of the previous games, designing ships.  The tech tree is well thought out, and the way the Creative/Uncreative racial trait works is fun and IMHO, better than MOO2.The Bad:I had to restart several times in the beginning to get to know what I was doing.  There is a tutorial, but it locked up on me the first time I tried it, and I prefer jumping in with both feet anyway.  There are nagging little bugs also, the UI does funny things sometimes, and late-game the time between turns can get a little long.  Combat is pretty, but the camera needs a couple more modes and some tweaks.  The ""tactical"" side of the tactical combat is a bit weak.  My favorite race, the Elerians were, locked behind DLC which I bought on sale, but those 3 races should have been in the base game  Also a race (the Terrans) and a couple of features are DLC-locked for the collectors edition only - which I didn't buy because I already owned MOO1-3.Other:Be sure to download the manual for the game, I didn't realize it was an option at first and was annoyed at the lack of in-game help.  The game also seems to have a little more of a MOO3 influence than I'd like - starlanes are back, and the Antaran victory condition has a MOO3 feel to it.  However, the classic races are back, including the Mrrshan, and the MOO3-specific races are gone (thank goodness).Verdict:All told, I'm pretty happy with this game.  It's fun, it's pretty, and it's MOO.  There are things that could be better, sure, but it's fairly solid in its own right.  At 14.99 I feel like I got a pretty good deal, and even at full price I think I'd still be happy with it (except the DLC - $5 was ok, but $10 is too much imo).  I'd give the game a 7/10 overall."
76561198007313798,Recommended,298050,30424739,Posted: 10 March,all,del,"Well here is my Review. Both good and bad.First off, I like that the team pulled on the best parts of MoO 2. Colony management, Galactic diplomacy etc. I really like the new relations bar. far better than the old Cassus beilli in MOO 2. In fact the over all experience was so simmiliar to moo 1 and 2 that i didn't take the tutorial. Yaay! Though I  know that There were new systems that i probably would have a better understanding of if i had.Now the stuff that I didn't much care for. If you have played MOO 3. well.. they kept the warp points. I am not a fan of these. I liked how your freedom of movement was limited by your ships' fuel tank tecknology in MOO 1 and 2. (maybe a mod?)So in summary: If you enjoyed 1 and 2. You will like this game.Needs more Mods..... and maybe some more official DLC...or was it expantion packs?"
76561198129210234,Recommended,298050,30434843,Posted: 10 March,all,rigida387,very enjoyable
76561198003758836,Recommended,298050,30449720,Posted: 11 March,all,RabidMongoose,I originally owned MOO3 and enjoyed it very much.Master of Orion is a total rework. The gamemap and gameplay are both intuitive and smoother. The graphics are better and a lot of time has been put into making everything user friendly. I like the animations and videos. And there are different difficulty levels for those who want a challenging AI.I know when I first play a game if I'm going to return time and time again. This straight away made me think yes.
76561197981521001,Recommended,298050,30475267,Posted: 12 March,all,ShadowKNighT,Civ in space
,Recommended,298050,30486282,Posted: 13 March,all,Tyro,"I like it :3really simple, though it gets laggy when modded (for me)will play it again once I get a somewhat better Devicewould say its worth buying when its on sale :)"
76561198118869720,Recommended,298050,32006962,Posted: 27 May,all,Lord Gwaine,A good remake of a game that I have loved for 20 years.
,Recommended,298050,32008469,Posted: 27 May,all,TacticalSnail,"Feels like it did when I played it...gosh...was it like 20 years ago? I got my behind kicked back then, and it's kickin me around now. And that, is a good thing."
76561198054670377,Recommended,298050,32035386,Posted: 28 May,all,DesTroll,"First, let me preface this by saying that I love the MoO franchise, as such my opinion is somewhat biased.That said: If you enjoyed the first game in the series, this is a must buy.Some things have changed in the past 20+ years since the original MoO was released.Some things haven't.Gone are several (sub)races introduced in MoO3.Back is an updated version of the pollution system from the first game.The star lanes introduced in #3 are back, so keeping an eye on the warp lanes at the edge of your terrirtory is needed, and allows you and the AI to funnel enemies into choke-points.There is actually a lot to love about this game as it does a decent job of trying to mix the simplicity of the first game with a little bit of the additions and micromanagement of 2 and 3.Be warned though, the community surrounding the game seems to be pretty split on the direction this addition to the franchise went.Some like myself are fine with it for bein what it is and thoroughly enjoy it.A fairly vocal number of players are anywhere from being disappointed to being totally outraged that in their opinions it isn't as good or better than another game in the series.Then again, as I said to start with, I love the whole series so my opinion is just as biased as their's is.Give it a spin, make up your own mind.It isn't going to be the absolute best or most tactically intricate 4X game you've ever played, but if you give it a chance you'll see there's still a lot of fun to be had with it."
,Recommended,298050,32641805,Posted: 22 June,all,Syrius,"Very good, captures a lot of the original MoO2 feels.I love the atmosphere created by GNN, and the voiced advisers. It looks beautiful, sounds better than average.But...I miss the strategy in battles, I understand turn based is slow, possibly too slow for multiplayer, but choice is king, and if I want to micro-manage my fleets...Custom races are... dissapointing. I understand that making them fundamentally weaker than core races means potent combinations are de-fused. Again. Choice!4X is all about choices and in some fundamental places those choices are lacking. If the strategy of designing a race, and of battles is (largely) removed the game looses a lot.I reccomend this game, 4x and MOO fans will enjoy it, especially if it comes packaged with the other MoO games. Just dont expect the grand strategy of the past, just a healthy dose of it. Then switch to MoO2 for that feeling that inspires maniacal laughter as your custom race's fleet surrounds the weaklings, as your death stars rain down beams of energy, wider than a cruiser, on their exploding wreckage! :maniacal laughter:"
76561198067563194,Recommended,298050,28921908,Posted: 1 January,all,Universal Gamer,"This truly continues the legendary status of the franchise without flaw.Recommended to purchase the series, and play from the original through to the current, for no other reason but to see how great and epic this title was and is!A classic remade to become a classic of a new generation!-Universal Gamer"
76561198093706685,Recommended,298050,30131062,Posted: 23 February,all,KayzyN,"Definitely a great throwback with some creative new ways to win. I do think that placing the game in the fastest mode should provide a more accelerated play mode for those that don't have a week at a time to play one game, but to each their own. The race cinematic are entertaining and so are the colonizing cut scenes, but they tend to get old after a couple games. Micromanagement of the battles can be quite challenging, but can also be simulated for quick and conservative game play. Still haven't ventured into a multi-player game, but I will soon!"
76561198053950281,Recommended,298050,30135413,Posted: 23 February,all,sabsben,"I love this game. Coming to the space 4x genre as an avid Civilization player I found a lot of the games to be dry and unintuitive. Masters of Orion though, is intuitive and genuinley exciting as well as having depth and intersting choices. I'm still getting my head around the combat. Here are some features I absolutley love:A terrifying alien race that raids the lead player periodically as a balencing mechanic.An interesting balencing act between production and pollution so your capital isn't able to pump out everything in the game in one turn come late game.The ability to build Death star equivalent mega weapons and decimate all who oppose you.I'm not a veteran Masters of Orion player and I'm told this game doesn't bring a lot new to the genre, but everything it does bring is laid out in an intuative and visually stunning way. So if you are new to space 4x or simply want to enjoy an epic space opera than I cannot recomend this game highly enough."
76561198021961467,Recommended,298050,31939406,Posted: 24 May,all,Jodet,"I'm a big 4X fan, I've been playing since 'Ascendancy' and I play most of the new space games.  I'm a huge Civ player nearly 1000 hours with CiV.    The two games I've been playing lately are this new MOO and 'Endless Space 2'.'Endless Space 2' is a stunningly original and polished game with tons of depth and I strongly recommend it to 4X fans.  But know what?   Sometimes I prefer playing MOO.   I love the music, the art-work, the GUI, the really high production values.And most importantly the gameplay is solid.  Every thing you want (pretty much) is there and it all works the way you think it should.    It's a relaxing game to play.   It's nice sometime to play a game that doesn't have a crazy high learning curve.  It's fun to play and what's wrong with that?I like the Galaxy map, the research tree, the exploration, combat, ship design - it's all solid.   My first game I was in a big war with the Meklars.   I offered a truce and return of two of their planets if they voted for me.   They accepted and I ended up with a diplomatic victory.    It's nice to not 'be on a roadmap' you have to follow.Strongly recommend you try this new MOO.   If you're a hard-core grognard who wants insane complexity this might seem slight to you.   But for normal folks who just enjoy relaxing with a good game this is worth trying.   You know how some games you just like the 'feel' of?   The music, the artwork, the story?   This is one of them for me."
76561198055683698,Recommended,298050,33216472,Posted: 3 July,all,Stephan,"I'm glad I bought it despite the mixed reviews.  It's a nice game if you're into enjoying a not-too-complicated space 4x game, and if the atmosphere of the game is important to you."
76561198035350297,Recommended,298050,33491851,Posted: 12 July,all,Hashashin,Good game. I hope there will be a way where you can disable the speech of the newsancors and some races. But with music....
76561198044826318,Recommended,298050,28883254,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Licos Praxius,"Blast from the past, with updated graphics.  I obsessed over this game as a kid, glad I can play it again."
76561198130887343,Recommended,298050,33547773,Posted: 14 July,all,Kelp,10/10 would play again
76561198076822573,Recommended,298050,33471258,Posted: 11 July,all,Node 712,the research part of game is a little too easy space travile is not nesary but fun the game could of stuck a little more in it content is lacking. if they kept on updating it would be beeter i say open it up too moder and let them have at it...
76561198008459496,Recommended,298050,28857793,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,tiolc21,"The game feels very basic at first. The Dev's def played it safe on this one. But after completing my first game, I must say, it isnt too bad. Especially if you get it on sale. If you are looking for a good 4X game to play. This is the best one I've found in a while. Probably since Sins of a Solar Empire. My favorite thing is how thoroughly diverse the tech tree is. You get option after option in it, I imagine you'll never play a game the same way with the same tech tree decisions... There were doezens of options. Almost every single tech tree upgrade had a decision on what to choose. I'd certainly recommend this game, especially with friends."
76561198069176259,Recommended,298050,28431741,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Th3Griffin66,"This may be me but as a guy who loves strategy games one part of this game makes me mad. i played it two months ago and i won, on easy ( i played on hard but never finished) . now i come back after leaving it for a long time and try very easy to get into the mood of playing this again. a few turns into the prewarp start and evil space people of crazyness come out with battle ships a kill me. now i didn't what happaned so i tryed again different game. last a bit longer but soon the take earth. i don't like how early they come out how random they come or anything like them devs please don't make me fight Over Power people very early on. overall this game is good if that doesn't happen.Don't get it yet wait it out. will reveiw again when fixedI just found out it can be fixed by settings yippiee"
76561198168704581,Not Recommended,298050,21512705,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Nemspy,"I've requested a refund after a little over five hours of play. I've seen enough.Yes, I know it's early access. Yes, I know that not everything is implemented, but I've seen enough of the bones to know that this isn't the MOO2 of my youth, polished by two decades worth of technology advances. This is just another croak in the long death rattle of PC gaming as we knew it.After about my third hour of play I became conscious of the hard truth that I simply wasn't doing much playing. Technology advancement, auto-upgrade all ships with a single click, keep building those Civilization V-style upgrades on your planets. Click next, next, next, next, next, next. It all feels hauntingly similar to the dead, passengery feel of MOO3, complete with ""star lanes"" and a general lack of any ability to micromanage.Perhaps, at this stage of my life, I'm going to have to begin to accept that game developers just aren't pitching their product at me anymore.Of course, this generation of ""professional reviewers"" will love it."
,Not Recommended,298050,21512879,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,UnamericanNFLprotester,In its current alpha state it has the price tag of a fully developed game and what you will get is far from that. You will get about 5 hours of entertaining game play learning all the mechanics before the pretty asthetics and sound effects get old and you realize this game provides zero challenge due to the AI being passive and utterly incompetent. You would be wise to stay far away until it is vastly improved unless you are confident in the developlers and want to support the game.
,Not Recommended,298050,25305765,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,roadnate,"Remarkably bad game, and a true disappointment. There are half a dozen similar games that have been executed better than this one."
76561197965237567,Not Recommended,298050,32077041,Posted: 30 May,all,Tamatoa,If you can click move faster you win
,Not Recommended,298050,25402932,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Lorallei,Go try Stellaris instead.
,Recommended,298050,25511198,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Dragst,"We old 4x players can't help always comparing new 4x games to Master of Orion II which is pretty much still probably _the_ defining title in the genre. I pretty much dodged this title completely in it's early access state, finally got it and can't say I'm displeased at all.First of all, majority of the thumbs down seem to be exactly about this not being MoO II. I'd recommend disregarding most of that ""feedback"".It's gorgeous, has fantastic voice acting, it plays simple but solid, and - ironically - it's probably closer to original MoO II than any other title ever. As it should be.It isn't a hardcore space strategy game such as Paradox's titles, but more relaxed, straightforward older light strategy game. You can still get your virtual butt kicked though if you're being silly. And talking of Paradox, MoO has ok music but Andreas Waldeloft (composer of Europe Universalis and Stellaris soundtracks) takes a longer straw by clear mile. But for most people that's probably not relevant :-)"
76561198014940508,Not Recommended,298050,31161489,Posted: 15 April,all,UnalignedMagi,"I LOVE 4x games and play a lot of 4x board games.  Master of Orion is full of bugs and lame balancing mechanisms.  The technology tree is also not very interesting, its all just slight increases on your ships' stats.  Don't waste your money."
76561198031205030,Recommended,298050,25360919,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,ianf,"If you like games live Civilization then MOO is a good option too.I used to play the originals way back when and all I can remember are some of the races names; how good Moo2 was and how bad Moo3 was. I can't remember much else.I think this reboot is good - not perfect but good. Its got some bugs but so do all new games.Pros: The multiplayer is stable, the interface slick and half the fun is learning - okay,  there might be a manual now. Its quite playable though.Cons: Feels like a work in progress - an allied team doesn't seem to yield a victory at the end for instance.A fun game."
76561198065222993,Recommended,298050,25359121,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,MadGodSheogorath,"Dropped the extra money to buy the collectors edition thinking I'd love this game, but after playing it for a bit all I can say is that it's a very very very okay game. Probably the okayest game I've ever played. So if better than you feared, and worse than you hoped sounds like your kind of thing then buy this game. For everyone else just buy Stellaris."
76561198020743419,Recommended,298050,25366924,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,buckshots69,GOOD SO FAR...SUCKS YOU HAVE TO BUY THE COLLECTORS TO GET THE OTHER HUMAN RACE.....lIKE WHY WOULD YOU WANT TO PLAY 1 AND 2 WHEN YOU HAVE THE NEW ONE??    ANYWAYS.....WORTH IT
76561198077885979,Not Recommended,298050,25596127,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,blogart,"Super buggy, random buttons dont work, like sometimes the only thing I can say to other people is Yes, No, and goodbye. Super annoying."
76561198006493115,Recommended,298050,25851452,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Nevnobody,"Never played any of the previous MoO games so I'm a newbie.It's okay easy to understand and get into, didn't need to play the tutorial. HD graphics in battle mode are good. Negative aspects of the game? Shelf life will be short imho, just not enough depth."
76561197970565209,Not Recommended,298050,34364884,Posted: 19 August,all,brasidas2000,"I played the Beta for about 2.7 hours, until I bumped up against the Warp Lane lameness. Never played another second after that. This is just the MOO label without the free wheeling gameplay style of the original. I cannot recommend this game to any of my friends, and I certainly would not recommend it to anyone else."
76561198031526063,Not Recommended,298050,22350334,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,carllbloch1,"The game is nearly impossible to win, which makes it NOT FUN. I game that is not fun to play will soon be abandonded. I am at that point now. I read about a patch that corrects some of the problems that cause this problem and want to download and install it, but can't find it on the Steam site. Where is it?"
76561198032287404,Not Recommended,298050,25519077,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,NathanEx420,The latest patch made the game unplayable.
76561197975715846,Not Recommended,298050,31216876,Posted: 18 April,all,Lerker,This game is no master as bug after bug of when playing keeps the flow of the game a distants. The game it self is fun and interesting but its just the bugs that keep you from comming back to it. A bit up set becaause its a blast from the past as i was a very big fan of the 3rd one.
76561198002539532,Recommended,298050,31248339,Posted: 19 April,all,kwahiankai,If you liked MOO 1 & 2 you will like this. As with any 4X game there is a learning curve but overall balanced and fun to play
76561198140149680,Not Recommended,298050,31556072,Posted: 5 May,all,Boch (sk),"A lot of bugs in this game. The demo on beginning has no spoken voice, when you start as to play as a race there is another ""colonizing intro"" with no spoken voice. If you equip multiple weapons on a ship (5 laser cannons instead on 1) the info updates only partially, when you enter menu game doesn't pause, bug windows has a bug (can use ""X"" button), ground battle is shown as soldiers on both sides disappearing, with no battle. Game is progressing generally slow (in MOO2 you could do big battle within 1/2 hour), and as youi expand the game turns slow down terribly. GNN is being annoying after a while, you can not even skip click on next news, science advisor uses 1 or 2 calls which are annopying A LOT after few visits of science screen. This game just needs whole lot of updates.On the other hand it is graphically done really well, music is amazing, all the effect too. Just the mechanic sucks. And those bugs. Jeeeeesus."
76561198030783528,Recommended,298050,32607403,Posted: 20 June,all,Alverant,"First, I knew about the star lanes when I bought the game. I don't like them, but according to the programmers it was necessary and I believe them. Second, I don't like real time combat so I always select auto-resolve. Again, I knew about it going in and I'm glad there's an option to avoid it.The game stays true to the original MOO and MOO2 in many ways and serves as a good introduction to the genre. It's not perfect but it's a lot of fun. I'm glad I could recreate my custom race from MOO2. The spying mechanic is improved. You can play, and win, in your own way.B+"
,Not Recommended,298050,32739669,Posted: 24 June,all,Lonerwurld,Multiplayer is dead.  No servers.  List is empty.
,Not Recommended,298050,21470912,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,.bigga,A perfect 5/7. Just waited for this game literally half my life.edit:Game crashes or bugs so often and has no simple autosave functionality. Lost more than several hours on playtime. Total funkiller.
76561198062657315,Recommended,298050,31188328,Posted: 16 April,all,pladeira,"This game is the best one to relax after a day at work. It is the only one that actually puts a smile in my face after hours of absorption playing it, making me feel actually happy. I don't know how to explain, you need to taste it."
76561198141211514,Recommended,298050,28144603,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,ilker.eryilmaz,Good game for nostalgie fans. Feels like the first Orion game from the 90s but with upgraded graphs. Good stuff
76561197971825130,Recommended,298050,25341117,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Haapy,"Very polished. Art is impressive, music's good, voice acting is good. It feels and plays like a MoO game, except updated to modern levels. Incredibly, I havn't hit any bugs yet. I can't remember the last time I picked up a 4X and had it just work as intended. And it's only $30. I have no reservations about recommending this game; the developers did impressive work."
76561198030374042,Recommended,298050,25348546,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,commander515,"New Review - 'Revenge of Antares' edition===============================Master of Orion benefits from good game setup options, a clean, useable interface, automation options to reduce micromanagement, and a turn-by-turn notification system that helps in keeping track of colony development. The new 'Timeline' system enables you to review your progress and reload previous turns to change strategy and rectify missteps. For the most part, the interface on every menu screen is sharp, clean, and efficient, giving you all the info you need with no clutter. Diplomacy is clear and intuitive, providing clear, real-time feedback on how each response affects your relationships. The designs for each race have been updated perfectly, while mirroring the original Master of Orion aesthetics, and each has a distinct and engaging personality, enhanced by top-notch voice acting. Espionage mirrors the classic Master of Orion setup, giving you complete control over how to use your agents. Revenge of Antares switches agent recruitment from auto to manual, adding hiring and maintenance costs for each spy. The expansion adds the three races added in Master of Orion II - Elerians, Trilarians, and Gnolams, all of which have been well-updated to match the quality of the rest of the species in the game. Ship design and real-time combat work well, though there are still only a few options for modifying your ships' appearance.The game still suffers from the same clunky economic model, expensive short-term trade treaties, impossibly expensive research treaties, lack of freighters, and high facility maintenance costs. Random events are more often annoying than helpful, and the game's exploration still suffers from lack of range limitations and sparseness of anomalies. Pollution can no longer be removed manually, instead decreasing gradually over time based on each planet's threshold, which can be raised by building pollution control facilities.Leaders have made a return appearance, though they're generated in specific quanities according to each race present in the game. Gone are the colorful characters of MOO2, instead replaced by a fixed roster of generic, fairly forgettable race-specific commanders and administrators. Most are often lacking more than a single ability, giving them less bang for the BC despite their fairly low hiring cost. This is the one addition where the interface is not quite up to par, as the system seems tacked-on and clunky compared to the rest of the game's menus. Still, having them is a bonus, though it could stand some improvement.The inclusion of the Antarans is the most significant change to the game. Their periodic appearances are much less randomized than they were in Master of Orion II; they seem to fixate on the same handful of systems, refusing to attack alternate planets until the first target is obliterated. Their fleet strength seems to skyrocket on a very steep curve as well, making it nearly impossible to fight them off ship to ship, even in the late game. Overall it feels like their mechanics could use some fine-tuning.Master of Orion, with or without the Revenge of Antares expansion, is a very well-designed, well-balanced, challenging strategy game; though not without its flaws, I don't feel that any of them are so glaring as to affect the overall quality of the experience. The changes made by the expansion are all welcome additions, albeit imperfectly-implemented ones. The game is still being updated according to player feedback, and thanks to the community, there are a variety of mods available to fine-tune things."
76561198025141850,Recommended,298050,25353133,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,shrameck,"Played a game for a weekend, finished one run on medium diffuculty (it was way to easy by the way) in 350 turns - one big AI player left by that time and some small scattered bases of smaller ones, I was controlling the most part of the universe and was going to capture Orion, but won through UN voting, deleted it not to be distracted from other stuff, it's a time black hole. I was a big fan of original series. So this one really reminds me the old good MoO, except now it's more casual. Graphics are nice, not so agressive after CPU power, runs smooth on my macbook pro retina 15 on max settings. I wish the music wasn't cheesy epic orchestral with slight electronic touch, but something more space-orientated, like Jean Michelle-Jarre. Yet the game is kind lacking something, universe and AI are lifless a bit, maybe there should more life and details in the game, on the other hand, I had really nice two days playing the campaign, but I wouldn't play it again. Let's say it's my tribute to the series and my teenage days. If you'r looking for a big universe strategy with really flexible diplomatics, resources and military system, look somewhere else. If you'r after casual simplified ""civilization in open space"" - give it a try. Hey, you get original series as well, pay your tribute to the game history at least.Graphics 7/10Gameplay 6/10Sound 5/10Overall 6.5/10"
,Recommended,298050,25486276,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,ManShrimp,"Overall, the new Master of Orion is a fun strategy game.  It's a little part familiar with a few small adjustments that are overall neutral to the original experience.  For those who have played the originals, I will share some feature comparisons for you to help decide if you will enjoy this addition:Things that were removed:-Antaran attacks against the top player (I really miss this)-Branchless research trees-Distance restrictions on space travel (and fuel research in general)-Turn based combat-Unique characters to manage colonies or ships-Racial government traitsThings that were added:-Warp gates (all travel between systems must go through a warp gate)-Command points that limit the fleet sizes (no more bloat warfare in space)-Economic Victory Condition (in addition to the research, military, and council win conditions)-Factory ships that build system upgrades (such as star fortresses, artificial planets, etc)-Snazzy graphicsSome things are still present that probably shouldn't be, such as space monsters, the obnoxious robot news broadcasts, and the espionage system.  All of these things are even more time consuming and pointless than their previous incarnations.  Fleets can't skip systems with space monsters anymore to reach distant planets because of the warp gate restrictions.  The news broadcasts are rarely interesting or relevant, but still play at regular intervals if only to force a quick comparison between empires (which is viewable at any time from the menu).  The espionage system is MUCH worse, spies are trained automatically, but must be moved manually, and have to complete several tiers of spy activity before important tasks like stealing research are possible.The one feature about research I appreciate most is the research choices.  In classic MoO, each tier of research had several choices and you could only select one.  In the remake, you get most of the research each time you make a discovery, but there will usually be two or three extras you must choose between.  Creative is still a good boost, but not nearly to the degree it once was.  Being uncreative is a race trait that is actually quite playable.In closing, I would like to share that the real-time combat system a LOT of fun.  The pace of combat is very good, ships move at a respectable pace that caiters to strategic thinking.  It is not at all a click-fest, weapon systems fire automatically and there is little need to micromanage.  The scale of ships is better as well, titan sized ships truly dwarf everything else in the area.  Large fleet battles in MoO and MoO2 are unbearable ordeals and very one-sided in the favor of the player who had the first turn.  This real-time version is much more fair to both sides and actually very entertaining just to watch."
76561198029368731,Recommended,298050,25700383,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,vynllein,IM AM THE MASTER OF THE GALAXY NOW MAKE ME A SANDWICH
76561197998220240,Recommended,298050,28196277,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,The_DarkOmega_Fellow,"MoO remides me soo much of MoO2! I loved MoO2. If you like any kind of 4x space game, then Master of Orion is for you!"
76561198030467359,Not Recommended,298050,28622602,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Amann Nig'ra,"I have had a nightmare in regards to this game. I DO NOT RECOMMEND IT TO ANYONE. STAY AWAY FROM THIS AWFUL TRAVESTY OF A GAME. IT DOES NOT WORK WHEN INSTALLEDI downloaded the game due to the half off Steam Sale. I finished the download, clicked ""play"" and instant crash to desktop. Frustrating, but not the end of the world. I used my Google Fu to find out possible fixes and it said to try verifying the game cache. Ok, not a bit deal. Did that and tried to play it again. I clicked ""play"" again and it crashed again.I decided that maybe I got a borked install and that it did not work. So I tried uninstalling and reinstalling the game. Annoying as hell, but I did it anyway. After the reinstall, I went to click Play and guess what? IT CRASHED AGAIN.After some more investigation and a tip from someone who had the same issue, I updated my graphics drivers. They weren't all that old, but apparently it wants the newest drivers. So I did that, restarted my machine and got ready to conquer the galaxy. I clicked ""Play"" yet again and YET ANOTHER CRASH ON LAUNCH.At this point I am furious. I will never buy another Wargaming product ever again, and my World of Warships account will never recieve another subscription for Premium nor will I ever get any more doubloons for Free XP conversions. I shouldn't have to troubleshoot my machine just to try to fix their failure of a game. If the game cannot start on luanch TEN MONTHS after it's release, then you are absolutely hopeless. I have never had a game do this, and every other game in my library works perfectly fine.DO NOT RECOMMEND AT ALL. STAY AWAY FROM THIS TERRIBLE, BUGGY PROGRAM."
76561197998740055,Recommended,298050,28995431,Posted: 3 January,all,Spacemania,"I honestly was not expecting a great deal from this game, but in retrospect I think I gave the game too little credit on my first glance. This is actually a rather plesant slimed down Turn-Based Strat game, so for those who want a Sci-Fi version of Tottal War, but with a more basic aproach then this is an ideal game for you. If you want something intensely complicated and in-depth then this is a game to make a pass on and take a look at Stelaris instead.I found myself drawn into the more minor characteristics of the game rather than the main mechanics. For one, I have to say the character visualizations in diplomacy is extremely well done, and the All-Star voice acting cast is much more of a draw for me than I anticipted. Combined, this made the diplomacy/narritive more engaging than typical games. With that said, this is the RARE strategy game that has a half-decent diplomacy system! Negociations are in general what one can expect, but I wish they would use my captured spies as bargining chips rather than just kill them. On that note, the spycraft for the game is somewhat basic, but still functional enough to make it a valid component of the game, but spycraft is a hard fit for this genra to balance out appropriately.The combat system is one of the best parts of the game I find. I love the aspect that you can have a hybrid system where the AI takes over the multitasking functions while you can focus on a single task (or stack tasks via pause function). The combat visualizations are somewhat generic, but the gameplay itself is very solid. I find myself confident in my ability to command, but there is always still that edge of if I developed my fleet for the right task (where as some games its so imbalanced you can spam 1-2 units and call it a day).Lastly, for those who are running a less than top-teir computers, this game is more lightweight (at least from my perspective) than other high-CPU demanding games.All in all, this is a very good buy for the sci-fi gamer or the TBS type gamer. A must have for those who love both."
76561198051760252,Recommended,298050,28998164,Posted: 3 January,all,CupcakeWarden,"Bought the day after Christmas, already sacrificing my private life to it. 9/10 due to time void. Would recommend to those who have no life to lose. Meklar Combine best race. Also the Human leader is voiced by John de Lancy. Thumbs up for that alone."
76561198005624022,Recommended,298050,29889839,Posted: 12 February,all,sOme bOzo,"This game, like the others before it can offer many hours of fun game play. I think it is one of the best strategy series I have known.The AI gets rather predictable quickly so you do find your self playing the very hard to impossible levels pretty soon. All in all a great strategy game.Two issues. Why are all the windows incomplete with info that you need? If you are going to choose a planet for a leader, then why can't you see the planet names in the window????  Many windows in the game show only part of the info that you need to make decisions based on the missing info. Just doesnt make sense.Now the biggy. Terrible planning or forsight makes for triple or more the clicking that you need to use if it was actually thought out.I would like to point out, however that this is very typical of most software I have used in the 23 years that I have been gaming. Namely the inter face is woefully bad. I find it amazing that you have to constantly click from one side of the screen to the other, back and forth back and forth.Why can't developers see that if you right click a menu and make choices it is soooo much easier than clicking the upper left, then the next window the lower right and so on and so on through out the entire interface. You wind up opening 3 or 4 windows to do a simple task and all of them require clicking some where else on the screen one time. Very poor planning and probably all in the name of making it colorful and bright. I just don't know why it would be that way.Also down to the level of deleting saved games for a half hour, clicking on the one save you are allowed to erase at a time, and then to the other side and,.............. well you get it. Never heard of shift buttons?The game is very fun to play. The interface is incredibly bad. See Carpal tunnel. You will be older one day."
,Recommended,298050,30906913,Posted: 2 April,all,Thedonutman99,if you like turn based games this is good.  For people who didnt play the original you will prob be completly lost.
76561198119398442,Recommended,298050,28089269,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Stannis the Mannis,Not the deepest 4X game out there but it does have a lot of personality and potential.
76561198030925878,Not Recommended,298050,28291860,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,donschmiddy,"Well... should have seen that coming a mile away... game is pretty much the same when it startet early access... but what pisses me of is the day zero dlc. (♥♥♥♥ you wargaming labs!)The one thing that bugs me the most is that it is unstable as hell! it wasn't during early access! HOW IN GODS NAME did you manage to ♥♥♥♥ this up?As for the rest: shallow combat, shallow expanision, shallow building. This game sucks at everything a 4x is supposed to be! The worst part: Nothing has changed during early access! with of course the exception of the new races, which were probably already finished anyway... GOOOD GOD I HATE YOU FOR THIS STINKING PEACE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥GAME!There are way better alternatives out there: stellaris and endless space 2 for example... and whatever anyone else says. the graphics suck! you know what is even worse? The game is virtually the same as endless space 1 .... and if i am not mistaken it is at least 10 years old!This is the last! GOD! DAMNED! TIME! I AM BUYING EARLY ACCESS!((ps i would like my money back!) you have done♥♥♥♥♥♥when it comes to listening what people posted on your forums! )"
76561198073727712,Recommended,298050,28249875,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,kittenspiracy,"As the Psilon supreme commander i forged an empire that straddled half the galaxy,a very large galaxy,my research prowess unmatched,my technological acheivments the envy of the galaxy and my diplomacy forged an alliance we thought would never wane,but then the treacherous Alkari stole what was on Orion, and for the good of the galaxy the Psilon collective decided action must be took to stop the fanatical Alkari from using is newly found power to commit genocide on the Mrsshan empire,perhaps it was the Mrrshan fate to become the hunted,for they were the apex predator but now we must act but it was too late,the only felines left in the galaxy in the form of 1,muffin,my domestic short hair. Cowardly apathetic humans dishonored our alliance and stood idoly by arguing over who would be the worse president,and something about a frog, while the Psilons die by the thousands, planet after planet fell in the wake of the Alkari war machine.this game is a beatiful tribute to 4x and the MOO franchise. it has the nostagia and has depth but still accessible to newcomers, graphics are very nice,and have a nice modern feel. im glad they came out with this dlc i was feeling like it needed a few more classic races i know alot of people dont like paying more than 50 or 60 for a game but as long as you keep coming with patches and support its totally justified in my opinion, personally ive loved MOO since i played the original on dosshell floppy drive pc when i was 11 and that may make me a little biased and nostalgic but thats why i think its great,because it rings true to its predeccessors success while infusing some modern-(ness?) into the game."
,Recommended,298050,28259077,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,AeonOfTime,"I thought I would try to counterbalance alle the ""It's not MoO2!"" rant reviews: I played Master of Orion 2 myself, and loved it to bits. However, that does not keep me from enjoying this for what it is, which is a damn good space 4x game in the same spirit. It is a lot of fun to play, and comfortably gets a niche between illustrous competitors like Endless Space or Galactic Civilizations.It is definitely not just a pretty UI, and a great addition to your library if you like 4X and space."
76561198060604847,Not Recommended,298050,21522803,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Say my name...,"I was really enjoying my game and then it crashed whilst trying to simulate a battle..... Does it quite often.It is a great game, but is it worth £30... and the crashes, no its not."
,Recommended,298050,28213561,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,-CML- Ogre,good . but has issues for some people when it comes to playing on a huge gal map with max races at about 300+ turns you will get alot of turn lag . idk if its everyone or just some . but it is still a realy good 4x game
,Recommended,298050,28145633,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,wedgeant6,great game alot like moo2 but better thanks.
,Recommended,298050,30972808,Posted: 5 April,all,Soviet Fox ☭,"I find this game interesting and highly re-playable. It can be difficult to play since the AI seems to go for a no-holds barred approach, but this brings up the significance of having and maintaining alliances or not sitting on one's haunches.The military is limited to the resources you can throw behind it and/or how much can be realistically supported... This makes wars realistically challenging strategically.If you're tired of easy games and want something highly customizable where you can conquer and rename systems, kill alien species off Starship Troopers style, or even work with everyone as friends a 'la Star Trek, this is the game you're looking for.Fair warning though, the AI will not wait for you to play catch-up. You need to be on your game to advance."
,Recommended,298050,25501577,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,xmercyprophetx,"I enjoyed MOO2, and not so much MOO3.  This incarnation seems to have kept the best of 2 and lost the worst of 3."
76561198016375584,Recommended,298050,25512049,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Rarik,"I have followed this franchise from day one. Like many others my favorite is moO 2. I have struggled with my emotions about this game. It is not what I expected, I will admit to being some what dissapointed. I think there is to much that has been removed, and some game machanics are seriously flaud.Pros:Graphics are very goodUI is well doneTech tree is acceptablesounds from past games are still present reminding you of the games linneage.Cons:Diplomacy is very weak, Allies are aloud to spy and sabatage on each other.Spy machanic is terrible, Planetary security level seems to have little effectWhat happened to the Hero characters you could hire from moO2?Pirates are little more than a nuisance, they need to be more of a threatyou can only create a few ship designsCustom race attributes points are too restrictiveWhere are the Antarans, this a huge oversight.I like the starlane concept, it is similar to Ascendancy (yes I am old lol) Some don't like this machanic, I like they included a stargate tech to skip long starlane travels. In MoO2 there was a way to send a colony ship to a planet while you were in the view planets menu. That has been removed and it should be returned to the game.In closing, if your a fan of the franchise you might be dissapointed. But if your playing this game for the first time, without past MoO titles as an infuence, Majority of people will like it. So based on that point of view, I will recommend this game."
76561197971117455,Recommended,298050,25683183,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,GevinDredd,"I about wet myself with glee when I heard they were doing this. I downloaded immediately and initially wasn't too displeased to find out that they'd essentially taken the last game and revamped it, kind of like XCom. But, unlike XCOM we slid backwards.Messing with the formula, best way to lose your fan base. The original battles in MOO had 100% control. It was tedious with large fleets, which is why they had the auto battle which flew by and you could interrupt it and go ""wait... why would anyone do that?""I liked having the ability to use my special abilities that I spent all those research points researching and all those industrial points putting into my ships. Instead, it's real time, difficult to move around the map, no fine control over vessels firing, your ships will fire off their point defense at other vessels leaving you defenseless against missiles, you have to toggle on auto use to use more than one power, even then it doesn't always work.I liked it when it was more of a chess game and felt less like I'm coaching pee wee football. ""No, LEFT! Your OTHER left! No tackle the guy with the ball! WITH THE BALL!""I'd buy a MOO2 if they promised to fix that nonsene, but likely... not going to happen."
76561198030757219,Recommended,298050,25685007,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Mahle,How odd.  I was going to give this game a luke-warm thumbs up but it turns out that it is really pretty good.   This is one of those rare games that gets better as the game progresses.  It was almost near the end of the tech tree where my last game errupted into a crazy all out war.   It is odd that the game play gets better the longer you play.
76561198062111042,Recommended,298050,25760322,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,dtodd33,"309 hours , 3 games later, I reccomend this game.It is a great reboot of the old MOO series.  Reasonable AI, Great graphics, reasonable micromanagment, excellent storylines / voice actors"
76561198031534901,Recommended,298050,25819496,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Overrun,"I'm liking this game no crashes, graphics very good, voices great ...Just a fun game. Great job and patches keep on coming. So the support is there, will play again."
,Recommended,298050,26585961,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,"Pew, pew, Barney McGrew","This is a 4x for people who have never played a 4x before. It's a great introduction to the genre, with a clear, easy-to-understand interface and simplistic structure.Once you've played this game, you're ready to move on to things such as Distant Worlds Universe."
76561198028315287,Recommended,298050,28004811,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,kwegar,"I do not care about all the haters, love the game.  Still play MOO 1.  This is a fun game, it fills that gap left since moo 1 and 2 (forget about moo 3)I love that they have added mod support now!I was not looking for a REMAKE, and they did not give us a remake.  Its a new game, its fun!I would however love a remake of MOO 1 for my phone!!! that would be awsome!"
,Recommended,298050,28034215,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Redey,JUST ONE MORE TURN...I love this game.
76561198055560864,Not Recommended,298050,28283139,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,UXP,"It is more or less a precise copy of the old MOO games, including the technology trees and races. But unfortunately it is worse in several important aspects.For example, the interface keeps harassing the player with unnecessary warning dialogues (e.g. when upgrading ships) that cannot be deactivated.I have played two games and it always happens that the trade treaties become so expensive that no race can afford them any more. What is the sense of organizing trade like this? It is also annoying that the treaties do not auto-renew. Research treaties are almost never affordable.The worst is, however, the tactical maps for fighting: it looks 3D, but it is essentially a 2D plane. However, the round-based fights of the original games was much better and in particular arranged much clearer. The real-time implementation in this new game is chaotic.The game has many nice details, like the avatars of the advisors. But hearing the very same statements over and over again becomes boring or even annoying, too."
76561198013146169,Recommended,298050,28554666,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Lord Badass,"Afte the most recent patches and DLC, this is now officially the purist remake of the original Master of Orion 2.  I miss the Tactical combat, but beyond that its pitch perfect."
,Recommended,298050,28809139,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,MePlay,Great game.  Reminds me of the original.
,Recommended,298050,26679712,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Buccura Seifert,Haiku ReviewNot the deepest gameBut still is fun and old schoolalso great cat♥♥♥♥♥♥8/10
,Recommended,298050,30972838,Posted: 5 April,all,sbroburg,"I still play MOO2 and I have to say this game is amazing.  The graphics are absolutly gorgeous, God bless the people who made the backgrounds and the planets.  I love how war is like a big deal compared to MOO2, because in that game war is declared like every other turn and peace is made all this time, in this game its a really big deal when it happens.  I love this game and will continue to play it for a very long time."
76561198132476688,Recommended,298050,28778339,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Alf,"I've played through one campaign of MOO, and I've very much enjoyed my time with it. This remake does play it safe and doesn't introduce much new to the 4X formula, but on the other hand sometimes it's better to not try and fix something that isn't broken.I'd recommend getting this on sale, because as much as I've enjoyed it I probably won't play it again for a few months. That said even a small galaxy campaign is at least over 10 hours play time, probably much more if you take your time.You really don't need the DLC, so don't bother buying this if you haven't played the base game. There are plenty of races in the standard game, and enough depth to keep you occupied. If you've played through 2 or 3 campaigns you might consider getting it, but at that point you would have more than gotten you're money's worth out of the standard game."
76561198007827924,Recommended,298050,28109251,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Lord Dreagon,Almost as good as moo2
,Recommended,298050,31826960,Posted: 18 May,all,Rezalas,Having played all the previous games and thouroughly played this one I'm happy that the team chosen to remake it did so. The voice acting is amazing; the animations are fluid and entertaining; the artwork feels like an evolution on the classic games; and the seed system for galaxies provides a new way to play with friends without having the restrictions of playing 'with' friends.
76561198031366814,Recommended,298050,34846682,Posted: 9 September,all,downtime44,Great game
76561198022240093,Recommended,298050,34985754,Posted: 15 September,all,dangerrm,Need more DLC....
76561198034112991,Recommended,298050,28149770,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Shil Andrachis,"I've been playing MOO games since the original and was stoked when I saw a new version available.  I have tried many of the newer 4X clones, and while they are enjoyable, none were as much fun as MOO2.  So far, I have enjoyed this new iteration of the game, though not quite as much as I hoped.I would recomend this game to anyone who enjoys 4X games.  I know it's caught a lot of flak from some users (some of it deserved), it's still worth the money.  I like the new movement system even though many people seem to dislike it.  The graphics are very nice, the tech tree dynamics work OK, but it often doesn't seem to affect the game that much in regards to the order you research items.  Diplomacy seems to work well and the AI seems to act in its own best interest most of the time.  I have not experienced any of the bugs other players seem to have experienced, so maybe that would have changed my opinion.  The other thing I really enjoy is the fact that it supports mods through the Workshop.  Those community designed changes really help with certain aspects of the stock gameplay.A couple of things I wish they had changed are the combat system and races.  Commanding the RTS combat system seems to make no difference in the outcome of the battles and is just boring.  I enjoyed the older turn based system where specialized ships really made a difference.  Now there is very little advantage in using anything but the stock designs.  Also, making the complete roster of races (including the Antarens) part of a paid DLC seems like a cheap decision.  They really should have been included in the original package to flesh out the game, not charged for to keep people playing.Still, even with the negatives, it is a fun game and worth the money if you enjoy this type of game.**edited for spelling**"
,Recommended,298050,28126099,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,A Real Nowhere Chick,"A great game! Really feels like a modernized MoO. Only bad: ships. Perhaps I just suck at it, but ship design feels impossible (not enough space on any ship model for basically anything) and ship combat is terrible. I literally don't understand it at all, that's how terrible it is. And/or how dumb I am."
,Recommended,298050,25281906,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Super Alexa,♥♥♥♥ing Addictive Game 10/10Gameplay:Grow your empire .etc typical 4x stuffStuff you'll appreciate:good voice actingfitting music & nice soundsnice graphicsGOOD CO-OP multiplayer(online)chill playstylebuy this if you wanna play 4x and are in a space mood otherwise play some other theme
,Recommended,298050,26393792,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,rfp313,"I play the hell out of MOO2.  I tried other games in the genre that might capture the fun of MOO2 but haven't found any that didn't feel like a chore.  I admittedly have little time in this new version of the game, but everything I've played so far feels like MOO and let's me know I can come back for more.I found that other games over complicate things and become tedious.  This game seems simple enough with enough new mechanics to really give a fresh take on MOO.I have a very good impression so far and wonder why all the hate.  I feel that MOO2 has been elevated to such high standards that short of an HD remake exactly like that game would satisfy the critics.  The price on this is perfect right now.  I recommend it."
,Recommended,298050,27427055,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,thefinaldegree,Fantastic reboot of the MoO series. Well worth grabbing and playing for hours and hours.
,Recommended,298050,28796157,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Akers,"I played very little of Master or Orion 2, maybe people may have issue with the fact that it doesn't play like 2, but from a fresh prespective without any prior or very little prior knowlege of the game I have had a great time with it, the UI is great and is very esay to wrap your head around things."
76561197985206652,Recommended,298050,28834043,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,sirnny,"In a lot of ways, this game is just like MOO2 - especially after some of the updates that added things like Leaders and the Antaran attacks.I've also never noticed any of the multiplayer problems I've seen in this genre from Civilization, Endless Space and others. Things like going out of sync, player disconnects, and system freezing in large maps don't seem to be present in MOO (although I frequently experience these issues in many other 4X games).After playing the old MOO2 for many of my teen years, I'd have to say this game stands up to the original and stands alone as a classic on its own."
,Recommended,298050,29155485,Posted: 9 January,all,Karithay,"Essentially a remaster of Master of Orion 2, this new game delivers the sequel we all wanted.Master of Orion is the turn based strategy game that has you up light murmuring, ""just one more turn."" The interface is simple and most commands are intuitive, making it easy to govern your space faring civiliation. Where graphics is the most obvious improvement over the originals, the primary innovation rests in three areas: research, espionage, and combat.Research is simple and not nearly as punishing as in the past. In former games, you would research only a single tech from a category and then move on (unless you had the creative trait). Now you ae only occasionally faced with that choice (thus curbing creative). Instead you are choosing research based both on what it gives you now, but also what it may unlock in the branching and twining tech tree.Espionage now feels like its own minigame, where spies gain experience and go on specific missions to help you achieve your goals, rather than just charging into the enemy state and flipping desks for enemy research or propaganda. It at least feels like a vital part of the game now instead of something bolted on.Combat is not as user friendly as the game's namesake. It is closer to MOO3 with a three dimensional map that has shipps rushing towards each other in defiance of logic and tactics. It sure looks pretty though."
76561197970560548,Recommended,298050,29640517,Posted: 1 February,all,Yelmelin,"I recomend the game as it is a good remake - and follows a simple formula: Keep it simple and fun. You can somewhat dwell into micro management or you can leave it to the AI to handle. Other than that - you DO end up as a passenger a lot of this game. Even on a hefty gaming rig it will bog down atrocioulsy in the later stages of game and you sit and wait.. and wait.. and wait. You can try to command the combats which initially sounds like a lot of fun, but rather is also just about watching what happens as - pretty much - if you touch anything you will make ships do silly things that looses you combat (you can say where to go. but you cant say how to get there etc).Pros:- Good remake- Fun simple ecconomy/production/food model. Easy to get into and feeling you ""master it""Cons:- Bogs down- Has a number of bugs which will make you SCREAM at the computer. Example: Late stage games suddenly you will become a passenger to the turns automatically going forward and you try to stop it to take control again. No such luck. I had an enemy fly in and bomb my main planet and fly out again - 7 turns before something happened in a colony that needed my attention. That kind of♥♥♥♥♥♥game-testing ruined it for me and I am basically scrapping the game. Because after investing hours of playtime only to see that Sh33t happen - uh no thanks!"
,Recommended,298050,31213538,Posted: 17 April,all,templar_ths,"So far enjoying the game, not the best 4X out there but fun. Recommend try it out if its on sale.Comparing with Space Empires, I find the modding and galaxy options much more limited, and a little more complicated.Recommend trying Balance Mod for new starters."
,Recommended,298050,25335046,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,SquishNoob,I know Im only 10 hours in but I had to play through MoO 2 again before starting this one. Love the cast and love the game!
76561198119934051,Recommended,298050,26496003,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,copperlee1,"Master of Orion it is!I'm not really a Review person, yet when I saw a remake of this fantastic gem made in the 90s, I thought I simply had to try my hand at writing a review. Not to mention that -honestly- I don't know why there are so many unfavourable reviews that I just have to write this one.So is the modern version of Master of Orion any good and worth a try? In my opinion it is. It's a good game. It's a great game! It's Master of Orion at its best, so what else do you people want? :)The new game has got the same planets colonization system as the original game from the 90s, the same good folks like Darlocks, Mrrshan, Sakkra, Alkari etc. (folks that we all love so much!), the same galaxies to conquer, the same GNN robot (well with a female-robot colleague this time) and so on. All of the good elements of MoO plus the amazing graphics, animations, music and visuals a modern game must have.The major comment I hear is that the modern gaming can offer much more than just a neat-looking clone of an old game. I haven't really played the other space civ games these days, games like Stellaris, so I can't compare to them. Yet the concept of the old MoO is an immortal one and a well thought-out one. So why complicate it, add to it or change it?The new game resembles the old Master of Orion quite colsely in my opinion. Game mechanics are similar. Just the graphics are of high quality.Throughout several matches which I played, it became obvious that there were some minor bugs here and there, but nothing too serious. Nothing that would spoil a good match. Although I agree, the devs should take some time to fine-tune the game.I found the difficulty levels to be a bit out-of-balance, something that was very well established in the DOS game. I started off with a ""very easy"" difficulty level and that occured to be quite difficult actually. The major problem was the 'upkeep' costs, which really made it impossible for one race to speed up the growth. That is because if you buy too many assets, you will run into a deficit and that's not good (your money supply will run out and then the game will auto-sell your goodies). As I watched the charts, my race grew in line with the others over time and only in the mid or even late game I was finally able to get a better hand.The voiced-over advisor is really annoying and does not suit there at all. They should have provided a ""fire the advisor"" button. :)I imagine that any new player will find the game confusing at first. Someone who doesn't know the old Master of Orion or doesn't know the civ games. The learning curve is rather steep and the game is not intuitive at all at the beginning. You need to delve into it and be patient, learn and you will get a hang of it after a while.I found the music to be great as well as the graphics. The themes are exactly the same as in the DOS game, but of course improved in qulity. The sound when you have a new discovery, for instance, is just fantastic.Population grows slowly and it takes a lot of time to fully populate a planet, but that was exactly like this in the old game as well.The interface is made in such a way that you need to patiently move all of the single units and click on every single planet to adjust production. Sure, there are shortcuts and improvements, but it still takes time and it's a tedious routine. However in my opinion, that's what it is, it defines Master of Orion really. If moving patiently every single unit is not ""your cup of tea"" than don't bother.Also what I really liked in the new game is the emphasise on the races. They are unique and presented in a great way. Let's say, when you first meet Sakkra, they are big, monstrous creatures and that is impressive. Darlocks are mysterious, dark and malicious. Every race is very well presented and introduced. That was also a big thing regarding the old game.I hear that people complain that the battles are real-time rather than turn-based. I didn't find that to be a big problem, although yes... it's different compared to the old game.Regarding Diplomacy I found out that in the new game, the races seem to be less sensitive to the changes, which is good. It was always too unpredictible in the DOS game.Overall, I was plesently surprised to find out that Master of Orion got its 2016 remake. I was more surprised to find out that the remake is good actually. If you're a fan of Master of Orion, you will enjoy the matches with the good-old enemies, which the new remake offers."
76561198285677562,Recommended,298050,26742958,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Calabrese,"Delightful fun in a surprisingly serious environment.That is due in fact to the incredible star studded voice acting! The colorful UI and ease of management are big wins. Diplomacy is well done but sometimes I wish there was a bit more dialog. When its this good you can't help but want more. Space combat can be a lot of fun as well, but once you learn to equip your ships well the AI has a bit of a challenge keeping up and builds lots of smaller ships.If you are expecting a classic 4x experience you won't be disappointed. But if you want something very involved you may want to play Stellaris. Personally I prefer Master of Orion because you can get your strategy fix in 8 hours or less and space combat is more hands on with races that have lots of personality.I'd absolutely get it again.Pros -Great UISuper Voice Acting (ie. Michael Dorn)GraphicsImmersive UniverseSoundtrackGreat Developer (They actually listened to us Beta Testers to improve gameplay)New Victory Conditions (ie. Economic Victory)Cons -Sometimes repetitiveMany soundtracks composed in the special edition are not in the gameTurn base may seem antiquated to some more accustomed to Real Time(but not me!)"
76561198075383282,Recommended,298050,26883728,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Poke-Mongo,"Solid game.If you played Civilisation V for example you will recognize some mechanics and stuff they used as well. But thats not necesasarily bad. You don't always have to reinvent a whole genre. Sometimes taking good things from other games can upgrade your own. That's what MoO did pretty well.Allthough it is diffrent from the original games from like 15 years ago it plays pretty good. Several things are still the same which makes it a bit nostalgic, but a lot has obviously changed - for the better imo.In the game itself the start always seems a bit slow. You basicly just fly around discovering the galaxy, but as round-based games usually progress at that rate roundtimes will begin to slow down. You need to manage a lot of things. Not caring for your planets for a few rounds can leave your planet enviromentally heavily damaged. Reversing that usually takes a bit longer than damaging it. That's just one of the basic mechanics the game brings.The fighting system between battleships sometimes seems a bit clunky. Even with potentially favorable outcome you sometimes just flatout loose the fight. Maybe this part still needs some love / updates, but I'm positive that this will change in the near future.Still have to test multi player yet as of now I have only played against several AIs"
76561198005559031,Recommended,298050,27183901,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,JonathanH,"Amazing game, the true inheritor of the originals numbers 1 & 2, so many have tried, so many have failed except this one!They should postpone terraforming techs to the very end of the game, otherwise it's just two strong or too time consuming to terraform your entire empire.Wonderfull work on the esp[ionage mechanism!All in all a classic well revived!"
76561197974903475,Recommended,298050,27277062,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Tygon,"This review is meant for those who have played Master of Orion 2.Is it the same game? No.Is it as good? That you will have decide for yourself.Does it stand up to Master of Orion 2? Let me put it this way: Upon my first game I started playing and after what seemed like no time had to realize that half the day had passed. That should tell you enough ;)Do I recommend it? Yes, definitely :)"
,Recommended,298050,27554644,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,FermionAce,"For a 4X, it's pretty straightforward and easy to understand. It lacks the depth of more complicated 4X games, but it's a lot of fun. I had a much easier time playing this with my kids than other strategy games."
,Recommended,298050,27732380,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Kalsam Retritro,"If you enjoyed MoO and MoO2, then you'll enjoy this remake. (What other MoO game? There was only the two. Hush now.) With upgraded graphics, battle systems, and tech trees; and of course the overhaul of the races with their bonuses, this is a true update to the game it deserved. Much love to the developers for making sure the true spirit of the game was kept intact."
,Recommended,298050,27769553,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Xythan,"Master of Orion is a title that still gives me nostalgic shivers when I boot up one of the three previous editions (which I still do every year, even trying to get the original MoO to work on my Android tablet with some success). This reboot did so before I even had a copy however, happening when an old friend sent me an article about it before release.MoO - the little acronym belies the epic galactic spanning game within, a game I spent many, many hours engrossed in as a young gamerling. And then came MoO2, and I was able to expand to conquering my friends - which brought many laughs and also a few almost Risk level arguments (and subsequent self imposed 'Geneva Conventions' on our sessions). MoO3 was a bit of a let down for most (and I can see why, it was by far the weakest of the three (now four)...however, I did see what they were trying to do and I did (unlike anyone I know) finish the game. I have conquered and colonized Orion in each and every title (doing so for this one just last night).The new game draws on the strengths of each previous title, absorbing and melding each into a game that feels like the first one in flavour (especially with the races currently available, though the brand new Terran Khanate faction included as DLC hints at the possible inclusion of missing races from MoO2 and MoO3 - bring back my psychic Elerian babes! EDIT - Coming soon it seems!). However much of the colony mechanics, a good portion of the UI and the accessibility of the second is core to the gameplay. A few pieces of the UI - such as the galactic map, including the starlanes idea - and a much improved version of the combat style of the third have come along for the ride too...all in all, a solid choice on most aspects, and the game feels complete at launch unlike many other 'smaller' titles.There are a few things that I would say warrant another go at (such as a better 'Empire Management' screen) and a few tweaks to the UI in places (moving multiple population from one job to another on the Colony/Planet Screen) but these aren't core gameplay issues, and could probably be fixed easily enough with a mod-patch ala 'SkyUI' for Skyrim, though hopefully the developer will follow them up in time. This would add another 0.5 to my score below.8.5/10 - a strong game, lots of fun and great for the nostalgia reserves while still being something new. I am looking forward to some multiplayer with friends soon!"
,Recommended,298050,27824205,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,johns010,This game is pretty good.  Its true to the orgional Master of Orion games.Its worth a sale price for sure.
76561198019364844,Recommended,298050,28055800,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,DarkFox,"As a long time fan of the Master of Orion series, I was eager to snatch up this game when it went on sale and replace the disk copy of the original. So far it has not been disapointing. However, it is worth noting that games like Endless Space are nearly identicle save for a few details. I would like to see Master of Orion do something extra to stand out from the crowd. It is, however, worth buying in my opinion.Like most 4x games you explore, expand, exploit, and exterminate. If you like Civilization, Stellaris, Endless space, and other similar games, you will get a similar experience playing Master of Orion."
76561198132997566,Recommended,298050,28420354,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,k_mardon99,Good game overall... Needs some serious tweaking with antarens attack activated. They cant be stopped until late game. Meanwhile they wipe out a colony every 50 turns or so.  Thats on VERY EASY as well btw. Hope the game devs read this and nurf them.
76561198162233581,Recommended,298050,28438836,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,cdhewko,"I lost, alot.  Yep.  Money micro management seems to be way more imporatant on this version.  Not as bad as Three, but at least I didn't need to manage economics and my population as much in two.  I still like it, I just don't like to myre myself in everything like some do.  Overall about 3.5 out of five."
,Recommended,298050,28925847,Posted: 1 January,all,jkk,"This is actually pretty good game, if it was better, it would be Master of Orion 2 with new graphics.Still, better than Stellaris. (I made a mistake and got that at release, had to play it over 80 hours to figure out it's crap. Technically and gameplaywise.)Pros:-Turn based main game.-Can micromanage almost everything (except the battles).-Original Master of Orion 1 races.-Many remixes of Master of Orion 1 soundtrack.-Ok voice acting.cons:-Not a turn based battle system. Can't play ""chess"" with spaceships. Can't really use any strategy in battles at all.-The voice acting especially in psilon reserch screen gets on my nerves.-Why those ""space lanes""?-Ship blueprints. No reason to edit them, they automatically are as good as possibleSome minor annoyances could be fixed just by taking example from Master of Orion 2... Like, when you go to assign a new project after a previous one finished, it would be great if you could see which project just finished.. on that screen where you choose the next one."
76561198022907234,Recommended,298050,28926682,Posted: 1 January,all,Wolfram,It's a fantastic game. If your into these types. With the new updates I am sure alot of others will change thier reviews to be positive as new features are added. Hope the next updates keep adding more and more features.
,Recommended,298050,28946131,Posted: 2 January,all,StevenNorene,"MOO was the first game that I REALLY became addicted to, then Diablo 1 came out. MOO is awesome. Before I was married, had a kid, now as a grandftather, I think back on those nights, until 2-3 in the morning, all day thinking what my next move would be when I got home...I hate you MOO, I could have learned karate, or the piano or wrote a noveL...INSTEAD I spent it with you, and love it."
,Recommended,298050,29125730,Posted: 8 January,all,Cripple Lobster,"I spent an entire night playing this game. I think if your expecting the classic MoO, you won't get that. Most of the negatives reviews make that extremely clear. But never playing classic MoO I think this game is extreme amounts of fun. I'm no reviewer but I think if you're looking for a perfect critique Total Biscuit does it perfectly. Some of the issues he had with the game have even been fixed! I say, buy this game for hours of fun."
76561198311162210,Recommended,298050,29329288,Posted: 17 January,all,labinov02,"My favorite part is the cinematic of the ship battle.  its great i never have enough of seeing a fleet coming out of hyperspace.  What a show.  The worst part is the soldier invasion of a planet.   So static.  It was so much better in the original version of #2. I remember it well everything was great.  Planet destruction is nice to see too. Animation is very well done , thats what i mean.  I love also the customization of ship.  I try every race just to see what i can do with the different ship.  Its so good it  is addictive."
76561198042573150,Recommended,298050,29386001,Posted: 20 January,all,ImmortalLich,Masters of Orion is a fun game that while it can be simplistic and is no where near to the complexitey of MOO 2 I think if you are able to look past that you will find MOO to give you a fun and rewarding experiance.
,Recommended,298050,29478734,Posted: 25 January,all,McKwack,"One word:EPIC!!!:DI've been a long time fans of the Master of Orion series. Imagine my excitement when I read about a remake (reboot?) of the first game of the series.After playing the game for a while, here are some things I like or dislike about this game (at least so far):Likes:- MUCH better graphics than the original game. :D- Still have the same feelings of the original game's game play, despite some bugs and improvements.- Mods! Updates! DLCs! Oh my.. (Etherians and/or Harvesters, anyone?)- Have I mentioned better graphics?Dislikes:- Terran Khanatesmustbe bought as a DLC, if you want to play them.. :( Then again, they're just a variant of the human race anyway, so for me it's a minor inconvenience than a major setback.- Bugs? Nothing major that I have encountered so far though.. can't say the same about others though..- No tactical ship battles like in the original game.. :( oh well.. I suppose I can live with it..- Can't think of anything else at the mo.. hopefully nothing more will come up.. :/Recommendations:HIGHLY recommended, especially to old veterans of the series. Bear in mind, though, that this game is NOT just a remake of the original MoO.. It has the potential to be more, and beyond.. Give it a try.. You won't be disappointed.."
76561198063365585,Recommended,298050,30124322,Posted: 23 February,all,The_Q,i bought this game hoping john Delance would be doing voice overs... i dont get any cool voice overs did he not get paid?other than that its a fun game.. ty for making it so i can never forget something.. :)
76561198055503661,Recommended,298050,33100666,Posted: 1 July,all,suziewicca,"Very well put together game, in the spirit of the games heyday. A must buy if your a fan of the series."
76561198021877800,Recommended,298050,33109522,Posted: 1 July,all,Red_Son,"Love it, don't know what all the hate is about its a great tribute to a classic giving it a nice polish, I honestly don't know what the bad reviews are all about"
76561198121404665,Recommended,298050,26188717,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Lunardrago,This is a great re-imagining of the classic game Master of Orion.  It is rather simple to learn and does not involve too much micromanaging if you are a more relaxed casual player.
76561198121703043,Recommended,298050,26874674,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MikeyIsDaBest,"Master of Orion 4 is a big step-up from the previous game. Master of Orion 1 and 2, especially 2, were amazing. They were what got me into strategy games. Unfortunately the series lost that with Master of Orion 3. Everyone gave up on the series.Wargaming.Nettook a risky task and did it. They brought back what made MOO so great with Master of Orion 4 and it is even better than before. I highly suggest this game to everyone, especially strategy games fans."
76561198001648526,Recommended,298050,27917622,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,jhart19,"Not a bad game.  I haven't seen all the hangs and crashes others are writing about.I got it on sale for $17.99.  Well worth it.There are familiar items from MOO2, especially the tech tree.  They have nerfed some of the items for playability, and the critters are much tougher.My only (real) gripes are ship building takes forever in real time (I have yet to build a titan) and spying seems kindof useless.The 33.6 hrs I have on record are from two games at classic speed... get comfy, you'll be playing a while."
76561198133729207,Recommended,298050,28931313,Posted: 1 January,all,ScrappyTheCholo,Great game!
76561198006816432,Recommended,298050,29067733,Posted: 6 January,all,sajmon04,Recommended.4X/10
,Recommended,298050,29220129,Posted: 13 January,all,Africanus,"It's no Stellaris when it comes to complexity, but the last time MoO tried to be complex, it ended up killing itself and the genre for the better part of a decade.It's no Homeworld when it comes to tactical real-time combat, but at least they tried instead of shoving in autoresolve and calling it a day.It's no MoO 2 when it comes to be the untarnished, shining image of literal perfection that will absolutely never be surpassed, but not being perfect doesn't equal being a bad game.It has a certain charm of its own, the late game tedium is kept to a minimum and, somewhat unusually for a Wargaming title, there seems to have been some actual, rational thought put into the UI this time around.Most importantly, its developerscare. Patches are rolled out at regular intervals and include new content in addition to bug fixes. Community feedback is considered and acted upon - many of the early grievances, such as spies, pollution and leaders were corrected. The DLC, while priced perhaps a little too steeply, does not contain anything essential to enjoying the core gameplay to its fullest extent.It could still use some polish. Tactical combat needs to be introduced into MP first and heavily rebalanced second, as the current go-to strategy is ""MIRV missiles, loads of 'em"". Racial traits could use some work. The manual needs to be updated to account for new mechanics. A little more variety in anomalies and random events wouldn't hurt.Still, as of now, MoO 2k16 is a perfectly adequate, enjoyable and accessible game well worth its price.Oh and there's stuff voiced by celebrities. This is supposed to be a selling point, but I'm rather confused as to how the voice ofCol. BlairLuke Skywalker makes for a better gameplay experience."
76561198020386312,Recommended,298050,34476441,Posted: 25 August,all,mbacusfalls,This is a very well put together 4x game.  Justice was done with this remake of the original.  Keep your eyes on this one folks.  It is well worth every penny and more.
76561198043111344,Recommended,298050,25948402,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,okamiboo,"I was a bit worried when I started playing the Early Access version, but I have to say that after the latest updates this game is living up to my expectations and more. I did play the original MOOs, loved 1 & 2, and was a bit let down by 3. This game is all of the best parts of all 3 put together. I'm over the moon for it and the improved graphics, combat, and diplomatic systems. The one thing I find lacking is the ground combat, but hopefully a future update will make it more detailed. Having it be something like the space combat, with tactical options, would be awesome.Don't let that stop you, though. Overall, this game is fantastic and a great reboot to the series."
76561197993265453,Recommended,298050,27374903,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TikiTau,"Honestly, this feels a lot like the older Master of Orion games to me...and I'm fine with that!I've found it pretty fun. A little bit of the standard 4x 'clickclickclick' problem when starting up, but, well, when you only have nuclear drives, that's a pretty standard problem for any MoO game. xDIt's pretty. I like the individualized advisors for each faction.I'm fairly happy with the auto-ship designer. I mean, you could probably make Super Awesome Custom Ships and stomp everyone, but the general ones seem to work alright.Controlled combat is a little confusing for me. I honestly just tend to use auto-calculate or let the AI handle the fleet, and things seem to go alright. It's very odds based, depending on ship strength and the like, but other than some space monsters (which are nasty usually), I haven't had any 'oh, I have overwhelming odds of victory!' 'Oh, I see, I just lost 90 percen tof my fleet. Awesome.'all-in-all, I'm pretty happy with this, and looking forwards to the Battle for Antares DLC. Because, well......I miss telepathic cheese. xD(Oh, and Humans are Jerks. Which is kinda hilarious, considering they're also supposed to be diplomatic)"
76561198140257724,Recommended,298050,28159907,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Mimer,"As a standalone 4X-scifi game, MoO is quite pleasing. It's not unique or special, but it's generally a decent game that handles and looks good. Turns go by smoothly, the AI is mostly acceptable, and the patches has adressed a lot of the concerns from the negative reviews. Overall, I like the game.The obvious comparison is to Master of Orion 2. And now I start to wonder WTF happened. Few of the gameplay elements feel like they are better or more polished than MoO2. Has nothing happened in 20 years of game development? Graphics and sound are definitely better, but you get the same buildings and races, a worse tech tree (copied from Civ?), duller exploration and it just feels like there's been no real improvements to the gameplay. The UI is a step back from the ease of MoO2, and ship designs have become static - instead of the total freedom from MoO2, you have a fixed amount of blueprints to alter, and all your ships are locked to that blueprint and it's upgrades.So while I do recommend the game, I still rank MoO2 as a better game. And it was released in 1996."
,Recommended,298050,29325500,Posted: 17 January,all,bobkatt,"Great Game, loved Moo2"
76561197987085996,Recommended,298050,28296161,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Nomad,Decent remake of a classic game. The collectors edition is totally worth it if your a fan of the series.
76561198025702359,Recommended,298050,33755284,Posted: 23 July,all,alexhaladay,"What keeps me from playing it is the wait time between turns.  I have a lower end laptop, so anyone with a higher end computer may not have this problem.  I'm literally clicking ""next turn"" after 5-10 seconds during a turn that nothing happens and then waiting 1-3 minutes to wait for the AI.  Now I'm playing the bigges galaxy you can have max AI on (not the biggest mind you)Everything else is great about the game.  Beats Master of Orion 3 hands down.  The wait time is what kills it.  If you have a decent computer, you may not have the problem"
,Recommended,298050,32816118,Posted: 26 June,all,Balzethor,it was good game tho not as easy to win as those 1 or 2 was...
,Recommended,298050,26996672,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[AiF] I am Seancho,Fans of the Classic will pick this up instantly and new players will learn fast the universe is harsh and aliens are harsher. the father of space 4X games deserves your respect. Hard to master easy to try. give it a shot and you'll be hooked.
,Recommended,298050,32783648,Posted: 25 June,all,OBookman,"It's a worthy 4K strategy all over, has a good sense of humor and such but it needs a little more polishing. Still worth your bucks"
76561197962352486,Recommended,298050,32804834,Posted: 26 June,all,Zagdul,"I really like that game. I need to force me to quit playing sometimes.I did not play the old ""original"" MOO back in the days a lot, so I see this game more unbiased. I like this build up strategy thing. You will get in quite fast, so the learning curve is not that steep.the grafix is great, I like the feel of it a lot. So, i could not be happier with the game.if you are not in to those strategy games, you should not play it."
,Recommended,298050,25946632,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,FreshWaterPredator,"Hmmm, well, what to say. I was a MoO fan when the 1 & 2 came out. Had a falling out with 3,  but thats another story.MoO remake is faithful to its roots in almost every sense of the word.The races involved & tech tree feel familliar, the playing is smoothed out & has a new if a bit simplified feel to it.The simplification is superficial though, as your colonies number in the 6-10ish the simplification feels welcome and maybe even lacluster (MoO veterans know what im talking about, The horror of managing 20+ colonies).There is a  colony manager that you can set in general terms, manufacture, research etc (helps a little).Ships can be upgraded, so thats a relief, no more Mk I s*itboats running around getting blown up. Upgrading is easy (just park your ship to a planet you controll & refit the bugger to the latest blueprint)Diplomacy is there, more choices than most 4x games.. Pretty straightforward..Spying, now this is where they made a lot of changes, you can now select what your spy does. Disrupt trade, steal tech, etc etc.. There is a whole tree for that now..Combat: Realtime, felt odd at first, but after a few bouts it works.. Weapons are arced so you can manouver your little buggers to ""bite the bears♥♥♥♥♥quot;.. Wont work so well in big fights (naturally) turning speed seems to be linked to the size of the ship..Overall.. I would recommend it to every MoO veteran out there.. Give it a go and dont be too critical in the first hour or so.. You might just have found a jewel in the rough.. (Oh, yeah, allmost forgot to mention, the game is still getting patched, minor races for example are coming in the near future)The negative: After playing for a while, the tech advancement is pretty fast.. (Or maybe thats just me)EDIT: Almost forgot, the voice acting is a controversial thing for this game, personally I love it. Familiar & professional actors bring a certain charisma to the different races.. As for the controversy, people are saying that the acting took too much from the budget.. Not so from my point of view.."
76561198043167512,Recommended,298050,29096521,Posted: 7 January,all,k9gunner,really fun nice clean layout
,Recommended,298050,29303391,Posted: 16 January,all,JayKay,"This game is visually gorgeous and with some exceptional sound design and voice acting. However, at least in this current patch, the game is numerically slightly imbalanced. The rate at which enemy civilizations can accrue vast armies whilst maintaining strong infrastructure is simply too fast even at low difficulties such as Easy and Normal. At its heart, I believe the reason for this to be that population is weighted too heavily in terms of its utility in the early game. Because a fast population growth is essential for Research, Production and Expansion, civilizations that should be able to go aggressive early are hamstrung into playing extremely conservative, base-building strategies because their homeworld has a biome unfit for growth (looking at you, Mrrshan...). Despite this, the game has enough positive qualities that I would happily recommend it to a friend. I'd just advise staying clear of playing Mrrshan as a new player until the game has undergone some balance adjustments.One idea: Give Mrrshan a Destroyer to start instead of a Frigate, allowing them to farm pirate bases, because Fieras is garbage to start."
76561198082500498,Recommended,298050,29310533,Posted: 16 January,all,Ceez,"Perfect game for someone looking to break into the genre. High production values, very well executed. Gameplay is accessible. I'll be playing this one for a while."
76561198070370839,Recommended,298050,29534298,Posted: 27 January,all,tenderloin,"I read lots of bad reviews and held off buying this game for quite a while. Then I thought ♥♥♥♥ it and bought it anyway.It's great, it's just like MOO2 with nicer graphics - sure some features are missing but it's mostly there. The real time combat isn't as bad as I thought it would be, but I would prefer turn based as I find myself skipping most of the battles that I would normally take control of in MOO2."
76561197987083868,Recommended,298050,29553511,Posted: 28 January,all,MasterMercury,"Amazing game, makes me think of older games."
76561198199857603,Recommended,298050,29572578,Posted: 29 January,all,bantly_robert,"This one is a hard call - I played the original TBS games back in the day and this game is polished and well done. However, IMO it is a bit safe, easy, and boring. Starlanes and slow pace of ships and the game itself make it a little dull. The starlanes make fortification and blockade too easy, and allow the player to concentrate fleets. The game itself feels ""slow.""With the old MOO II, there was apprenhension, checking distance and fuel ranges, and having to station ships at every border planet that was in range of your neighbors. Whether the AI or other players. It GREATLY added to the suspense.Some of the mp MOOII games I played in online were epic in their treachery! There really isn't room for that in new MOO.Best games I have had out of this title are  with research at extremely slow, production and population growth at fast. Even then, you almost collect techs too fast to use them.If you like the Civilization series and the Malfador Machinations ""Space Empires"" games, this one is a bit of a combo of both, with a little MOO seasoning. It would be a good game for someone who likes the above titles.  3.5 stars and for recommendation, depends upon your taste. No recommendation attached to this revioo. For me, I am done with it unless starlanes disappear, and the pacing is right."
76561198031279666,Recommended,298050,29752840,Posted: 6 February,all,JoceDoIt,"Great 4X game like it's predecessor! I've played a lot and not tired of it :)Not to complicated when looking for managing the ressources and 3 different battle modes or just resolve it instantly!  Could use quick match or very long game regarding settings of the length of each categories : Researchs, Growing, AI difficulties and Sizes.  I don't recommand it for those who want deep 4X game.Go ahead and buy an old good fashion 4X!!!"
76561198111943564,Recommended,298050,30209505,Posted: 26 February,all,geektfg,"Love it, has a similar style to the great old game Star Trek Birth of the Federation"
,Recommended,298050,31720920,Posted: 13 May,all,Jason,"The game is OK. It's basically an exact rewrite of MOO 1 with only a few tweaks. It plays very slow after a lot of turns though. I wish they'd done something better and more, but for people who played the orginal it is fun"
,Recommended,298050,31927365,Posted: 23 May,all,Jscovel,Great game supper fun!
76561198031225714,Recommended,298050,31927599,Posted: 23 May,all,jonesjoshuar02,This game is must have for any space civization gamer.  I have played 1-3.  They all have strengths and weeknesses.  This one has some of the biggest strengths of all four.  If you liked 1 and 2 this is hybrid of the two.  The only thing really saved from 3 was starlanes which had to be included due to the AI (an ai of any game for that matter) cannot understand tactics like humans can.  This forces bottle necks and strategic locations that the ai CAN understand.  Not a random crappy planet you got 60 turns ago for the sole purpose of launching suprise attack via stargate.  its a beautiful game with hours packed of fun that just doesnt stop and begs for one...more...turn....
76561198010668001,Recommended,298050,32958184,Posted: 28 June,all,chris.enders,"Yes I miss the tactical combat, but everything else is great.  It's MOO2 re-done, exactly what we wanted.  Except the tactical combat :)"
,Recommended,298050,34114854,Posted: 8 August,all,Falco,"i wouldn`t recomment this unless stellaris as a game was better and didnt have ""paid updates/content (aka DLC)""= turn based game= combat mechanics are decent+ good ship customization for what it is now (may be BIASed)- not that much endgame content (may be BIASed)+ planetary management (may be BIASed)+ specie customization (may be BIASed)i r8 7.2/10 m8 buy at your own risk :P"
,Recommended,298050,34594451,Posted: 29 August,all,Judo101 [TO:L],"I've been playing this game for about 50 hours, so I have a decent grasp on how the game operates.PROS:I love the graphics and interactionsGood to see MOO still livingThe old game's unbalance is still thereCONS:Get's boring after a whileTurns start to take foreverThe old game's unbalance is still thereHonestly, I'm very happy about this game, I just wish they'd bundle in the extra races into the game instead of makign us pay more for it, but it's no biggie."
,Recommended,298050,26055990,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,M. Python,"I love this game. I had MOO I-II for a while now. Never could get the hang of them, wasn't able to read the UI at all. Had no idea what was going on and what I could be doing.This game with its complete and quality voice-over, the awesome (and if need be, skippable) cut-scenes alone make it a very immersive experience for me. With the tutorial and the clean interface I understood the basic mechanics in minutes and could start to build my galactic empire pretty soon. I even picked up MOO II again, and started fiddling with it. Now I can play with it, because I have more than a clue about what's going on.MOO 2016 might not be the most complex 4x TBS game in the market, but people, let's give credits where they are due: it is an outstanding (re-)introduction to and of a franchise that is considered to be among the great classics."
,Recommended,298050,29306750,Posted: 16 January,all,michael.ninja,"Master of Orion - like we've always wanted it!And yet...  not quite.The ship graphics are lacking.  Each ship class only has two choices for it's appearance.  (standard and optional).And.. if you sellect the optional version - most of the time it still shows as the standard (icon / map)Most of the advisors are intentionally aweful.  This is cute the first time - but grows weary.Antarans attack the same planet repeatedly, and are always a match for your biggest fleet - so there is NEVER any getting ahead.  It should be possible to out pace them - but the game is set up so that is impossible.  I find myself just turning them off.  (then.. I use to do that for MOOII as well).And moving fleets takes forever and a day.  You can't ever really have good fleet battles because it takes half a bleeding game just to move your ships into place.Monsters use to protect great planets - worth the effort.  Now they haunt random systems, and most of the time just get in the way.I say these things... hoping that someone will be able to 'fix' them in future updates or Mods.  Thanks!Overall ***Game Play ****Fleet battles :(Ship Graphics / Choice :("
76561198112514363,Recommended,298050,31737347,Posted: 13 May,all,killapup,"Fun throwback to MOO classics.  Out-of-the-box it can be a bit slow moving, and I do find some mods to have made adjustments to improve the game experience.  Overall, if you're looking for a throwback to MOO enjoyment, you will find it here.  Just not a groundbreakingly new experience, so if that is what you were looking for...you may not find it here."
76561198105749988,Recommended,298050,31742610,Posted: 14 May,all,Loading....,"I have known Master of orion from day one...and have loved it. The fact that this version is hardly different than the previous ones is a big plus. Sure there are some little changes here and there but that's to keep up to date with games today. the graphics are solid, the voices too. I like the creatures, though there should be some more to pick from. The only disturbing thing is the colonization scenes that always look the same no matter what. The planet view may differ (and that's good but the same ship scene when landing kinda takes the fun out of watching the colonization.)  Now, I don't know WHY these other fools bi t ch and moan with their pretentious bad reviews that have so much c r a p written in them, but I guess their lives are crap too. I definately like this game. It's typical master of orion witrh all it's fun stuff. Even the tech tree is fun. Now go build a Titan and crush some Aliens!"
,Recommended,298050,33228980,Posted: 4 July,all,Joos,"Pretty addictive ""just one more turn""."
76561198047928591,Recommended,298050,34283655,Posted: 16 August,all,Howie,"Love this game, just needs to remove the star warp points and just make it so that your engines determine the distance you can travel between systems."
76561198032773348,Not Recommended,298050,24449089,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Rhyno,"Started off as an interesting, sparsely populated game that was easy, reasonably balanced, but lacked complex AI and dynamic content.Since its inception, the AI has grown far more complex.  There's a great deal more content, some good and some immediately repealed.  There was progress, in the traditional two steps forward, one step back format.  It had promise.Now, it's so unbelievable variable and poorly organized that I can't really handle it or recommend the game or its future trajectory.  Bugs that were ""fixed"" reappear in future patches.  Completely oscillating design changes appear on a patch by patch basis that suggest there is not so much a plan as a ""hope this works"" mentality.  I've spent many hours on this, and I can honestly say I enjoyed the first version far more than the last.  A half year in, and the game feels less finished and polished than the beta started with.Maybe they will recover and launch to acclaim and wide-eyed optimism.  I no longer wait for that day."
76561198041931185,Not Recommended,298050,21676882,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Panzermak,"Just finished playing through a full game. Many lesser issues which I will not spend time on in this post. Two major issues hurt the game however. Number 1 is the star lanes which were a terrible idea in MOO 3 and should never have been copied to this new itteration. MOO 1 and 2 were about free travel and exploration in space. The forced star lanes here dumb down the overall strategy and promote huge fleets building up at choke points. Developers claim star lanes are the more popular choice (doubt it), but at least make an option for no star lanes in game set up. The second major fault is tactical comabat (the complete lack of it). Its supposed to be a hybrid of RTS (real time strategy) but is more like RTW (real time witness). You can pause the action at any time in battle to ""take control"" but besides steering different groups of ships and changing their formation, there is nothing to do. You can chose tactical mode and watch the battle happen with nice graphics, or you can skip that and just get the results with a simulate option. In ""tactical"" you have no control over individual ships (groupings only), no control over weapons fire, and cannot tell damaged ships to pull back or retreat from the battle. There is nothing meaningful to do. The developers said turn based combat was too slow so they dropped it for real time, but at least turn based combat was meaningful and really impacted game play. These real time battles seem decided almost entirely by math rather than tactics and are neither engaging or memorable.All told the game does capture much of the same atmosphere of MOO 1 and 2 and it has development potential. Wait and see how they address the problems before buying though. They haven't earned our money yet."
,Not Recommended,298050,22857690,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,5 Bears On Patrol,"There's no depth to this game. Tech tree is essentially a line, racial differences don't matter except in how good they are (i.e. there's little that feels different, except some bonuses are just better.)So much fiddly crap and annoyances leads to avoiding colonisation and espionage because being prompted to make irrelevant decisions is just not worth it.The AI is irrational and there's no choices to be made with your civilisation. None. Don't bother focusing on one path to victory - they're all basically the same, one with trigger first and it may not even be the one you were trying for. And that's because *you can't specialise*."
76561198060163383,Not Recommended,298050,25064142,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Idiot Ruins Game,"I really tried to like this game, I love this type of game and more specifically I loved Masters of Orion.  The first was great, the second is easily in my top 10 games of all time and the third... well everyone falls flat on their face sometimes.Masters of Orion (this one) is close to being a good game but its problems add up and bog the game down making it one hell of a boring time sink.  I've played through each race and a few custom ones and each time the game goes the exact same way.  Endless pirtes, being yanked all over the map to see stuff I don't care about and good god is the manual ship combat just the worst thing I could have imagined for this type of game.Most importanly its not very fun, moving from turn to turn feels like running in mud.  A slow drudge through the same stuff again and again.*** tried it again after it came out for real and its an even worse game than it was before.  I don't think I have the words to discribe how much I dislike this game."
76561198021408374,Not Recommended,298050,24090925,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,chins,"After  the first 30-45 minutes, two of my 4 colonies have been wiped out by supernovas. I am constantly attacked by pirates that crash themselves on the starbases. No decent AI and compensated by ""acts of god"" that reduce my empire.I won't play again until several fixes, and I am quite disappointed so far."
76561198113080118,Not Recommended,298050,25252588,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,richard.thomas.langford,"The game seemed ok, but it crashed every 20 mins.I got my money back."
76561198017199582,Not Recommended,298050,25212812,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,paul.morriss,"I was a huge fan of the original series and also Wargaming, so I was excited when this was announced.  I have played the game, but I have struggled because the game crashes my Mac (to a point where I have to reboot), which is such a pity.The game play and graphics are smooth, which is what I expect from Wargaming, let down by stability."
76561197993373280,Not Recommended,298050,22521539,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Bac-On!,"Start, Crash, Powers down machine. I'd like to say more about the game, it's beautiful logo, starting screen and graphics but any game that can power down my machine right after start (as a matter of the fact the only program I've ever had that's done that) is not ready for prime time or early access.Not for me anyway.I do however see others play this game and have an excellent time with it but for me? No, not yet. Refund requested. I'll re-buy and write a proper review once the game gets out of Early Access."
,Not Recommended,298050,34700063,Posted: 2 September,all,Quazillionaire,This is not a Master of Orion game.They ditched all of the core mechanics of what I & II great games.
76561197975553831,Not Recommended,298050,21803239,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Biomass,"You might as well just play the old MOO2 as there is nothing new added to the game play, technologies, races or anything. The only difference is the amination done in a beautifly way, which gets a top 10 rating, other then that the game is just a reboot of the classic MOO.For now I give it a 6/10 Early Access."
76561198066434871,Recommended,298050,28176395,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,frankenjon2,"Wasn't the point of purchasing the early access that we would get the DLC for free?Anyhoo, about to launch and give the update a spin. I was a diehard moo2 fan and even if its not perfect its still been worth helping with the testing all these months. Still not quite there yet but keep up the work guys. Remember, you can't please the entire internet."
76561198180936207,Not Recommended,298050,31542739,Posted: 4 May,all,cjleete,"Thanks, the latest patch results in your game not running at all."
76561198380749313,Not Recommended,298050,31571777,Posted: 5 May,all,ckd1358,"Could be good game. It has a serious problem regarding it ships.Running ships costs too much money. Even a factory ship costs money.When you have just one cruiser, a factory ship, and a transport,you go into deficit.So, sustaining any attack is almost impossible.I can see trouble if you put too  much into military, but having factory ships and transports cost you is RIDICULOUS.We should be able to have 4 frigates, 2 destroyers, and maybe a cruiser before we start getting hit for expenses.This makes sense, for all populations will support SOME investment in defense without ♥♥♥♥♥ing. In fact, they would insist.Played couple times, and I have become bored with it,because all it is now is a science race.BTW.. I bought this game because I loved it 15 years ago. This version is prettier, BUT it does NOT play as well. Too bad."
,Recommended,298050,28241685,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,MajesticBiscuit,"I love this game. I learned to accept the diversity of culture and species in space, then I learned to hate and conquer them.11/10, would engage in intergalactic genocide again."
76561197999393756,Not Recommended,298050,21777732,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,patricktheok,"Clearly on the bleeding edge of early access at this point. I had to start a game over because a non-existent ship kept demanding orders. Computer isn't aggressive enough, there are too many worlds so there's no competition.I think they did the right thing with planets this time around, as oppsed to the MOO3 disaster. I like that there's more yield in the first good spots.Star lanes are bad. Part of the reason diplomacy isn't what it was in MOO2 (which wasn't what it was in MOO1) is that you rarely border more than two other empires. None of the craziness of five-ways wars in the middle of the map.I miss the cheap ships of MOO1: dangit, I want to have 10,000 fighters in a stack.Played it a lot trying to like it. Still too early."
,Recommended,298050,25648295,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,tayfunyilmaz,great for orion lovers... a little slow in mac especially at the end part of the game when too many colonies...
76561197991846175,Recommended,298050,25662107,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,RUM-Woodsman,If you emjoyed the original you'll love this latest and greatest!
76561198008498519,Not Recommended,298050,25872729,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Talok,"I just dont know what to say about this game.  If MOO2 was a hot fudge banana split with sprinkles, this new game is a bowl of vanilla ice cream.  Still good but lacking so much.  Bland universe (not much variety), bland tech tree, bland combat.      Not bad, just plain and boring.Get Endless Space 2 (the early access of endless space 2 has more content than this fully released game)."
76561198054080278,Recommended,298050,26291492,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Nitreb,"Easily one of my favorite game. It has an impressive voice acting and an excellent ai. The computer controlled opponents make trade or diplomatic offers that are actually fair or even favorable for you if you are stronger (unlike some similar games). They seem to be using every aspect of the game (every ship design, spies, different technology options, etc.) and have their own style of gameplay. For example, I've played a game where the ai Sakkra was colonising as much planets as he could with his huge army of frigates and destroyers while the ai Silicoid was using a smaller number of bigger ships using biological bombs (or whatever they are called) as he was trying to genocide everyone.In my opinion, pretty much everything is balanced and there isn't any overpowered technology, ship design or race bonus. These are all good at what they do.The game has improved massively since its apparition. The development team is clearly working hard to make this game awesome. Good job and keep it up!P.S. : Most of the negative reviews are people complaining about the lack of content that was in the previous games of the series. What if it was the first ""Master of Orion""?"
,Recommended,298050,25521304,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Adron,"Albeit it's pretty much a re-creation of the previous versions, it's still a lot of fun to play just like the previous versions."
76561197998881490,Recommended,298050,25389512,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,nerd.o.love,"I wish there was a ""Meh"" button. Game is fun until you start seeing the mechanics close up. After that it is a bit like Might and magic's recent games where the oponents are either pants on head stupid or overwhelmingly efficient. Expansion is never explained, and once you know the trick of it, boring.I can see this being a seriously awesome frame to build some mods on though, hopefully that happens sooner than later"
76561197961004624,Recommended,298050,25551111,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,xXI Goonie IXx,Awesome game they just need to add a few things into the diplomacy like vassels. They also need to make the AI use it more often most of the time im the one making deals and hardly ever get asked for a deal... Another thing to when the AI does come to me i should be able to counter there deal. Other then that its a great game good buy for 30 bucks
,Recommended,298050,25767852,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,[Easy]QuaZ,"Are you by any case a RTS fan anyway? Do you like 4x games? Ok, well don't pass up on this It's really good replayeble as ♥♥♥♥, and probably a good mp 4x too. The games are not short nor too long, the races different to keep the game interesting, well priced. Go for it."
76561198222421640,Recommended,298050,25775514,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,alaron22,A very enjoyable space 4x
76561197980016063,Recommended,298050,25807091,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Death2U,"if you liked moo2, you will like this edition. Very similar, but not really as good. Nice graphics. Works well on win10 on a five year old PC.-Tech tree is expanded and better-real time system in tactical combat works wellOther than that, the game is a little worse in every way.-Even with max control you don't do much in tactical combat.-You can't tell what's going during ground combat.-missing the governor and ships captain. That was a nice feature. There is no bonus for ship experience-new ship engines don't seem to mean anything-AI is better is some ways, but often just anoying. Asking the same thing over and over-spying shows promise but gets very repetitive after a while. Just send them home and shut them upOverall I am enjoying it. But it won't have the same replay value as moo2. Good game...just missing the last 20% that makes you want to keep coming back"
,Recommended,298050,28071471,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Morph,It's an addiction!!! An improved moo2 and this a very positive thing... :)
,Recommended,298050,28965797,Posted: 2 January,all,DollaMenunaire,"Be careful which reviews you read. Most are from when this game was 'officially released' earlier in 2016. At that point, the game was nearly unplayable from lack of features. However, the developers have been extremely diligent since then, and have added many features and fixed many issues.I feel that this game lost many sales because of how the game was released and reviewed, which is kind of a bummer. When I played this game back in May(?) I was straight up angry that they basically made a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Moo2. Well, I started playing it again over Christmas break and was delighted to see that they made what I consider a strictly better version of Moo2.I still see complaints regarding star lanes, but I approve of them personally. It makes for easier to manage defensive strongholds, as opposed to parking a doomstar at every star system you have"
,Recommended,298050,25704372,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Democritus,"Buy the collector's edition for MOO2. Play MOO2. Be happy.Anything after MOO2 is, ultimately, a letdown, but hey, it's included, right?"
76561198019153990,Recommended,298050,25450260,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,terbushd,"This is a mediocre recommendation.  They have the tech tree, they have the nice animations when the aliens talk.  The combat is weak, there is no turn base to it, and yes a lot of times, people want to control combat directl and the real time version of the combat is horribad.  The actual aggressiveness of the AI is HORRIBAD and need to be fixed.  Just played the game on the highest level, and the enemy AI doesn't attack you if you have enough ships, they just stay away and let you continue to grab land while their inevitable decline comes.  Its really bad AI that needs to be FIXED."
76561198046768692,Recommended,298050,34397056,Posted: 21 August,all,PBG,"I have been computer gaming for about 35+ years and started on an Apple II+ playing Wizardry I and Ultima. You can say Im a veteran :)I wanted to love Master of Orion, but as time went on, I found the game very linear and repetitive. I played the original Master of Orion and Master of Orion 2 and this game is nothing like them. There are tons of AI issues, fleet control issues, only 1 Doom Star (really???) and the game becomes extrememly boring after you learn the controls. The spy thing is worthless and planets left in maual control mode is a problem.Im not sorry I bought it but it has already been removed from my computer. Its nothing more than a 2.5 star game out of 5."
76561198046793956,Recommended,298050,25807591,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Clusker55,"""Welcome to the hall of khans, alien.""10/10 would be called an alien by another human again."
76561197970658884,Recommended,298050,28140572,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,jpinard,"I'm giving the game a positive review, though it doesn't mean it's perfect.  I'll get straight to the point via bullet-points.  Review is based on Dec 1, 2016 patch with latest DLC pack installed.+ Oozes charisma and charm.  Some of the best voice work for aliens ever done for a game.+ Animation and graphics for the aliens is superb.+ Good tutorial to get you started (a bit too basic though).+ Great game for new players to cut their teeth on a 4x game.+ Interface for managing your empire is great.+ Warp gates and choke points are a fun secondary 4x gameplay option that gives 4x space games some variety.  I'm glad we have this method for MOO, yet traditional hexes in Gal Civ 3.  Makes each game feel special.+ Game plays quick.+ I think I'm going to like the real-time combat aspect but I need to spend more time in it to formulate a better opinion.+ Easy to manage your colonies.+ Love GNN News!  I'd even pay DLC prices to have more GNN events added.  Same goes for more voice overs for more diplomatic options.-  Music for some parts of the game are annoying.  The research screen in particular makes you want to gouge your ears out. It's disruptive and and loops too quickly.  Likewise in main game, the basic music that loops majes a huge mistake you should never put in a game.  It uses a *ding* that closely resembles one used for messaging in Apple devices and error messages in Windows.  It is distracting and annoying.  Rest of music feels uninspired.-  Graphics for planets and stars on the main screen are bland and too small.   Can't zoom in much.  This make it hard to ""immerse"" yourself in the galaxy as you feel a bit distant from it all.  Galactic Civilizations 3 does this better.- Ship Combat - I'm just not getting it yet.  I think it's because camera control and the options in the combat zone are not good yet.  Maybe I need to look at how some other people manage combat.-------------Overall a fantastic game."
,Recommended,298050,28322107,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,El Robo Bandit,"Civ Space, but actually good"
76561198022806348,Recommended,298050,28128476,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Arcane,"I was addicted to MoO1 and MoO2, and am glad to see the franchise back up and running.  This has all of the great elements that made the originals so enjoyable, only updated and upgraded for the 21st century.  I've already spent over 300 hours on this addictive game, and am not disappointed."
76561198020885744,Recommended,298050,26379725,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Jak,Phenominal Game. Nearly all the best parts of MOO2 with some great new additions. All I miss is perhaps turn based combat and being able to board enemy ships but the new aspects of the game and updated graphics more than compensate for these few lacking items.
76561198110289028,Recommended,298050,33722229,Posted: 22 July,all,wongkwokwai112,good
76561197989778354,Recommended,298050,28481053,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,CarrotKing,"With an old IP like this, there are plenty of nostalgics to moan and groan over any little change, from what i have seen this team genuinely gives a♥♥♥♥♥♥about the franchise and has done a great job. I am still encountering some bugs, but usually a reboot will fix them.Some things to note:Combat is in real time rather than turn basedYou can pause at any time to issue orders to move/attack, which are then carried out all at the same time when you hit 'play'. I think this is great, and gets around the issue in MoO2 where a large fleet would take forever to command. This also opens up options like having a horde of small expendable vessles rather than a few of the biggest ships available.Original races as DLCYou will need to purchase DLC to play as the Elerian, Gnolam, or Trilarian races. I dont like that these races were excluded from the original game. A more palatable move would have been to have all the original races playable, and to invent some brand new races/traits as paid DLCMods are essentialSome silly decisions by the devs are made moot with mods. e.g. having only 10 points to spend on your custom race, not being able to see/select all perks when making a custom race, Anarans being stupidly strong, (Mods a collection here)Voiceovers get annoyingThe voice acting is great in my experience, but overused. Your advisor pops up all the time, and says one of about 5 lines every time you choose a technology to research. Thankfully there is an option to mute the advisor.Starlane travelUnlike prior games, travel between the stars takes place via 'starlanes'. Each system has one or more point from which you can travel to another system. These points are the only place to enter or exit a system, and so become chokepoints you can block or defend with military instalations.FuelA major part of previous Orion games was researching fuel tech, to enable you to explore further. In Master of Orion there is no limit to the distance you are able to venture from your colonies. To make up for this, you must now explore each planet within a system to determine the size/biome/mineral/bonuses, meaning exploration is a more involved task.Overall a very enjoyable game with mods, and getting better all the time."
,Recommended,298050,28657886,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Brook,"I have not played the original, however, I do enjoy this turn based strategy game."
76561198325877555,Recommended,298050,28889876,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Nefarious,"Good game, playes well but i dont think they give enough cash for your upkeep"
,Recommended,298050,30591440,Posted: 18 March,all,lordnym,"I've been playing Master of Orion games since the original came out in 1993.  Since then, I've always had a copy of MOO & MOO2 on every computer I've owned.  I still have the original manuals as well.    I, like almost everyone else, experienced the extreme disappointment that was MOO3.   So, I wasn't overly optimistic for a reboot.That being said, I must say that overall I am pleasantly surprised by this game.  Yes, it does have some flaws which I'll get into later, but what struck me the most is that it feels like I'm playing Master of Orion.  You can tell the developers put a lot of love into this game and tried to recapture the magic of the originals, and I think they succeeded.  The iconic races are all there, and have their own unique flavor.  The soundtrack is a delightful remake of the original's.   And the technology tree contains the advancements we all know and love.Outside of that, they've also managed to improve the managementment aspects of the game without overly simplifying them.  Planet management is smooth and easy, the sitrep updates let you know what's going on, and my favorite aspect is the game will warn you if you have any outstanding actions to address or ships that need to be moved when you click the End Turn button.   It reminds me of the simplicity of MOO1 where you can just sit down and enjoy playing the game.The game however, is not without some flaws.   It still has balance issues and bugs that need to be fixed by the development team.  The combat, while enjoyable to watch the first few times, quickly becomes repetitive - as you lack a lot of fine control on the 3d battle map.   Many die hard fans (myself included) had hoped NGD would include a turn-based tactical combat option, similar to the originals.  But alas, that was not the case.Another complaint is that the game uses star lanes, where MOO1 & 2 did not.  This doesn't bother me as much as I like the idea of choke points. However, I wish they did include an option to turn them off and play without them for those that  want it to feel more like the originals.Lack of race customization is another complaint I hear often about the game.   On the surface, you get similar customization to Master of Orion 2 where you're able to take any race in the game and tweak them as you see fit.    What you don't get is the ability to create an entirely new custom race.    This seems to be because each race is tied to its associated ship models.  Ideally, I'd like to see you be able to create a new race and choose the ship model family you'd like to use for it.So, to sum up - I feel this is a fine successor to Master of Orion 1 & 2.   If you're looking for deep strategy and tons of options - check out a different game, like Stellaris.   But if you're looking to curl up with a relaxing game on a Sunday afternoon and just have a good time - I'd highly recommend this game.   Especially if you're a fan of the originals.After today's update I'm glad to see the developers haven't given up hope and are still working on fixing and improving this game.  I hope they continue to improve and add new (desirable) features to the game in the years to come.  With a bit of work and polish this game has the ability to (one day) become THE Master of Orion game.Thanks"
76561198044460315,Recommended,298050,25971374,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,MrSmith,"I'm not a fan of long reviews, if you were in need of detailed information about the game Steam reviews are probably the last place you should be looking for that because let's face it, this review system is horribly flawed and full of trolls.But before i drift into a rant about steam reviews i'm just going to say this: The game is great, must have for every 4X fan."
76561198099643423,Recommended,298050,28361983,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Infinite Probability,"With the latest updates, the game really feels so much like MoO2... which is my favorite space strategy game of all time. Really glad I bought it on sale, and really glad I got the DLC."
,Recommended,298050,28588703,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Shejn Shpitza,"I didnt played old MOO's but I was hooked on this type of game playing birth of the federation, mod for one of MOO's. This game has really nice graphics and voiceacting, i really appreciate developers trying to enhace gamplay wiht so many little details. I would definatley recommned to at least try even if you didnt play any previously MOO. Its a quality game which you wont regret after buying."
76561198041427844,Recommended,298050,28946711,Posted: 2 January,all,EvilDad,Good game that reminds you of the original game with improved design and graphics.  Still looking for more improvements and so far development team has done good job in this
76561198128740065,Recommended,298050,28961630,Posted: 2 January,all,aannkklles,Well I have played this game since it 1st came out. I do like it but I am ahving serious issues EVERY GAME when it freezes during turn processing. I have a lot of MOds and I am taking them off one by one to see which is causing this issue. I just hope its the Mods....
76561198133059382,Recommended,298050,29176821,Posted: 10 January,all,Horny Potato,10/10. This game filled a niche that I didn't realise need filling. I also finally know what people mean when they talk about the civilization effect (just one more turn). It also turns out I really enjoy commiting galaxy wide genocide against species that simply can't stand up to me. Fun.
,Recommended,298050,29448046,Posted: 23 January,all,Killercod,"Excellent one more turn 4X game!  Whether you've played the originals or not, this stands alone well.  Easy to pickup and play, takes a bit more to master over time.  Well worth it.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_KExwwgmHXw"
,Recommended,298050,29886935,Posted: 12 February,all,tyber nexus,"This game is unplayable without an antarran mod, in my oppinion.  But once modded I couldn't put it down."
76561197975012527,Recommended,298050,30571081,Posted: 17 March,all,Perfect,Great blend of the classic feel of MoO with a current smooth interface. Really liking it!
76561198007452385,Recommended,298050,30615725,Posted: 19 March,all,Truly_xtreem,"I wish there was a middle option where you don't recommend it but you don't hate it either as I feel this doe not fall into either yes or no.Original player of all the MOO games of old.I am not sure if I am looking at the old games via rose tinted glasses and unfairly judging this game or the fact I am comparing it to Stellaris which is a superb game.They have captured some great aspects of the original MOO, but feel they may have limited themselves on how to go with it, seems like a reskinned MOO2 but with the industry having moved on so far in terms of gaming and expectations I find it somewhat under my expectations, as said that may be a mix of looking back or judging against some other games but this IS now so needs to be judged as what it is.If this is on sale say £9.99 then grab it, quite a few hours of enjoyabilty, but if you are looking for some long hours I would honestly say, get Stellaris instead, it is the one to beat, at least for me."
76561198221726740,Recommended,298050,28154172,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,ilya-korinec,Great game finally evolved to face  and overcome the challenge of future.
76561197968587832,Recommended,298050,25471198,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,EAGLE420,"Oh Master of Orion you have done it again ... 20 yrs ago you had me hooked like a junkie on smack , and now not only have you knocked me off the wagon , but you have also run me over ... But please bring back the freighters and telepathic race ... all in all i give it 9/10"
76561198005433936,Recommended,298050,31781060,Posted: 15 May,all,prodge58,"I love this game.  A little simplistic by today's 4X standards, but that is part of the appeal.  If you need a game that lets you sit down, play around with a bit of galactic politics and go on about your day without needing a spreadsheet to keep track of who's who, then this is the game for you."
,Recommended,298050,32778373,Posted: 25 June,all,MaddogGT,"Game will not run and crashes afte rthe intro movie. Sent to developers twice, hoping for a resolution. It appears it wont run on a GTX 1070 8GB card, but if a 2GB GTX 660 is used, runs fine...Could be vram addressing perhaps? Not sure, but game should work on any new card."
76561198011594819,Recommended,298050,28128963,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Avolon,Great update to a classic game! I wish they would have taken the heros in Moo2 and added them in though.
76561197982116416,Recommended,298050,28129682,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Falcon,Usually a good game but got on to play it today and all of my saves were wiped due to an update... thanks for that...
76561198038558930,Recommended,298050,26485149,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,jblomeyer,"Overall, I'd say it's a good game. Especially if you are into long term strategy games. It is your basic 4x game, build up a base, explore, and either exterminate or out research everyone else. That being said, it does have a few truly significant oversights. First and foremost, the inability to save a ""custom"" race, or more advanced, setup. This has been brought up multiple times and is still unaddressed. I find it personally irritating to have to reselect EVERYTHING to restart a game. Civilization(tm) allows a simple ""escape"" feature and all your original starting parameters are queued up and ready to go, no reselecting everything.The overall design and gameplay is good. The graphics and audio are excellent! I certainly do not wish to discourage anybody from playing this game. I have to admit that there seems to be just a ""few"" to few scientific advances. I'd like to see the end game actually have some reason to comtinue researching after you've discovered everything the game has to offer."
76561198072976242,Recommended,298050,26905353,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Anomalous,Needs better AI
76561198050950941,Recommended,298050,26945929,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SCOTSMAN2230,Played all 3 of the originals when I was growing up and loved them was pleased to seewargaming.netrelease there rendition of the timeless classic bought this on the day it was released and glad i did :)
76561197974571174,Recommended,298050,27031771,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Twitch,"Ah yes, Master of Orion.  The game of 4x conquest that started my obsession.  This truly is the best posable remake of the original.  I have again become engrossed with the domination of the galaxy with my ever custom ships. I recommend to any who love a good refined 4x game."
,Recommended,298050,25976888,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,twistedmentat,"As a huge MoO fan, I was heistant to try this out. There have been many attempts to reboot classic series and none have come close to delievering an updated experiance that also maintains the spirit of the origonal. I was happy to find out that Master of Orion 2016 does both.I have played many space empire building games. I love building ships and researching crazy sci-fi techs, but most of them over complicate the experiance. There's too many things going on, the research tree is over blown with stuff, Colonies are over compicated to manage and everything is just micromanaged to heck. MoO isn't this. Everything is there, the menues are intuitive, you don't have to search for important information at the bottom of a menu that's overly busy. Colony managment is easy, ship design is intuitive and its not had to see whats going on in the galaxy with a glance at the map. Not to mention knowing who hates you at this moment.There are some things I'm not too hot on. It does still have the thing from MoO2 where the Sakkara, Klackons and Silicoids would rampage though the galaxy because their racial bonuses were over strong early game. Obviously with some planning this isn't a problem, but its still fustrating to start right next to them and known ""welp, better make a giant fleet"", which is my second issue. Each race has its own style of ship, and they're all fitting; the Humans have classic Star Trek/Wars looking sleek high tech looking ships; Burathi have suitablly bulky and brutal looking ships; Klackons have what looks like a fleet of giant bugs and so on, but the problem is there is only 2 versions of each ship. Both earlier games had multiple options for each class, and this means your fleets are basically going to look the same the whole game. Not that the games are going to go on that long where you'll have too many ship types. 500 turns is not long enough. I have never finished the tech tree, nor built a doom star, and even when I'm rushing as fast as I can, bam turn 500 and its over. Either things need to speed up, construction and research wise, or there needs to be an option to increase the number of turns. It does mean you can finish a game in an evening, but it would be nice to have long drawn out games. I have to point out yes you can keep playing beyond the Victory screen, but that's just not the same. Also, Economic VIctory needs to be reworked. I have won it with as little as 3 shares bought.Though over all, if you want a easily accessable Space Empire 4x game, you cannot do any better than this. Plus you get to hear Mark Hamil as a bird person."
76561197987082336,Recommended,298050,26033596,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Darth Kvasir,"Master of Orion is a great 4X game! if you love other 4X games pick up Master Of Orion!lots of unique races to play with, lots of paths to victory, Great AI with a balace of hyper agressive races, peacful races, races racing to the victory lines, they will provided you with good compitition!There are a few minior problems i have with the game (at this time) which im sure they will fix, i get game crachs when closing the game somtimes, and if you are in the very late game, the load betweek turns can be a few mins, i also dislike that you can not destroy volcanic planets unless they are owned by the enemy, would be nice to kill the ones in my territory.overall a great 4X game with meny hours of play in it, great design, mechanics, AI, and races.9.5/10"
76561198020973516,Recommended,298050,26168377,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Keival,Moo4 offers a pleasant trip down memory lane for MOO fans.  It is worth buying.
76561197977064544,Recommended,298050,26171395,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,zeyz,"It's master of orion, fun gameplay, lots of techs to explore.It's not perfect (some of the race traits don't seem available on the custom race screen), but I like it."
76561198065586143,Recommended,298050,26339616,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,ForesterSOF,If you are familiar with Space TBS then you will have no problem having to learn how to play.The micro was also reduced compared to some games. This seems to be due to fewer items to manage. (Less complex)When I first started a new game the optons availabe with many choices to customize the race was nice.In short this was  $18 well spent.
,Recommended,298050,26345228,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,KATO,"I like this one.  It harkens back to the original game quite a lot and I like that it doesn't go super micro-management like a lot of 4x stuff likes to.  I saw a lot of reviews slamming this one for bugs etc but never encountered any myself and it passed the ""one more turn"" test as I kinda looked up and it was suddenly 3AM.The only complaint I really have is how much of a pain it is moving troops and civilians around the place where the original just kinda sorted it out for you.TLDR: If you liked the original but fell off with moo2 and 3 then you'll have a pretty good time with this one."
76561198012066555,Recommended,298050,26457606,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,laplander2001,Love them all
,Recommended,298050,26465482,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,FratBoiMix,"I do recommend this game to a lot of people. It's fun. The research tree does make sense, and has made sense, since for a while. The only thing I can comment on is I wish they brought back the antarens. Other than this game, I ADORE this game to death, and have always been a huge fan of the MoO series from the second game MoO from 1996."
76561197969304324,Recommended,298050,26762129,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DarthBinky,Super happy fun time
,Recommended,298050,26777962,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Deathsboon,If you like 4x Space games. Then this is the game for you.
76561198010795889,Recommended,298050,26895261,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,mouzed,"Not as good as the classical, but have its own weight. I think it is a good game and can surelly recommend it."
76561198059166650,Recommended,298050,26957326,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MilkManZ,My friend told me about this game and it sounded alright. but then i bought the game and spent hours playing it....i am now addicted 10/10 would choose of crack anyday.
76561197968653678,Recommended,298050,27063570,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Tsaushu,Loved it - dispite all the problems its fun to return to this classic and play it againCant stop playing
,Recommended,298050,27091291,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Nkond39,Nice reboot of the beloved series
,Recommended,298050,27214352,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ichzilla,"MoO is by far one of the best classic 4x rts games on or off the market. the reboot does well keeping with the original MoO1, while still trying to add something new.Tl;Dl.. MoO(s) are great games.. would biobomb capital worlds spawning galatic ww3 everytime"
76561198005532278,Recommended,298050,27299472,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sarok Adarron,True to the original in feel and execution.
76561197980935185,Recommended,298050,27321220,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Birdwatcher68,This game has proven itself through the test of time. Although it is basically improved graphics on an old platform that playability has never diminished. A true turn based wonder.
,Recommended,298050,27335363,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Tomb,This game is shaping up to be the best of the Orion series. What made the series awesome is here in droves. What makes it amazing is the twists in gameplay each time.  This is a must buy.
76561198059638499,Recommended,298050,27396384,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SigniorDildo,I think it was pretty good
76561198213571915,Recommended,298050,27405747,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Jaul Lakes,"This game is awesome.  As a long time fan of this series, I can say with confidence that this game takes the best aspects of the other three games and enhances them.   The eagerness of the developers to constantly improve their product proves they are not looking for a quick buck.  They are passionate about what they do.  I look forward to seeing more from the developers of this game.Most of the people who hate on this game are just irritated because they were hoping for a rejuvenation of ""Master of Orion II:  Battle at Antares"" and got something else."
,Recommended,298050,27848776,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Wil Geo,"What can I say, a real beauty in it's genre, Master of Orion really stands the time, there are at least 4 versions of this game now, so easy to pick one that suits your style and needs, this one in particular even has awesome voice acting in it, really worth a try!"
,Recommended,298050,27902652,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Sir Razorback,"I have to give Master of Orion two scores.As a single-player experience I'd rate it 4/5 stars. The graphics are gorgeous, it captures the spirit of the original game perfectly, and goes a long way to reclaimin the title of King of the Turn-Based Strat games. I do have to deduct a half star for not being able to set up custom-defined autobuild ques for extended planet development (beyond the 4 slots you're allowed). being able to set up a custom auto-build command for late game development would be invaluable. I also deducted a half point for the controls of the battle interface. Commanding your fleets hands-on can be tricky at best.As a multi-player game though, I'd only rate it 2/5. There's no easy way for a disconnected player to jump back into a game, and the hands-on battle interface is just gone. you're only allowed the auto-resolve battle option. In my book, these are two huge hits to the quality of that side of the game. Overall though, I still reccomend this game and hope that these oversights can be rectified in the future."
,Recommended,298050,27965845,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,NerdicEclipse,"Is it different from previous Master of Orion entries? Yes. Is it lacking some features they had? Yes. Is that a bad thing? Not really. Honestly there are parts of the mechanics that previous MoO games had that I miss, but overall this one is not only beautiful, but plays well and is a lot of fun. I've actually spent far more time with it since beta access than I did on any of the previous entries from their release to now. It's addictive, it's fun and with the coming expansion it looks like it's about to get even more so. There's been a wild knee jerk from people who wanted to buy the same game they bought years ago with just a graphical facelift. Ignore most of it. Little if any of what they are ranting about is related to flaws with this game, it's more about flaws with their expectation. Most people don't want to buy a game they already have. They want to buy a game that offers a different experience.  It's well worth the money, especially as of today when it's on the Cyber Monday sale at $17.99."
76561197972735678,Recommended,298050,28781805,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Lastmanup,"Fun game that brings back the nostalgia with graphics I can enjoy.  Voices are amazing.  DLC is for content that should have been included in game which is disappointing, buy the game just don't support the DLC stealing."
76561198015290096,Recommended,298050,28850647,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,[9e_Huss]LaPierre,Super jeux rien a dire !
76561197993759726,Recommended,298050,29106938,Posted: 7 January,all,Obsoletion,"This space strategy game is a little more simple and fast-paced than competitors like Galactic Civilizations 3, but still feels rich in personality. It doesn't really do anything vastly different to its predecessors or rivals, but it's quite competent at what it does. If you're looking for some cool new gimmick to make space sims insteresting again for you, this game will probably feel pretty generic, but if you want a fairly straightforward game of galactic conquest done well, this has plenty of cool ships, colourful races and (in my opinion) a pretty smooth presentation."
,Recommended,298050,29145544,Posted: 9 January,all,Shoikan,"Very nice update of the classic MoOs, inmersive gameplay and very active and listening development team.8/10 very recommended."
76561198103329583,Recommended,298050,29169759,Posted: 10 January,all,hoyt,the game was good until recntly when thye updated the game and its specs went up just high enough that my computers processer could no longer handle running it
76561198052091729,Recommended,298050,29318678,Posted: 17 January,all,Ob5idian,"I highly recommend. Before buying this game I continued to play MOO2 and haven't had the itch to go back, which is saying something."
76561198037700443,Recommended,298050,29424085,Posted: 22 January,all,Cajun,The developers are listening to the fans and the game keeps getting better with the improvements.
76561198068444133,Recommended,298050,29592647,Posted: 30 January,all,wklu,"If you have any desire to do anything more than build stuff,  and fight then don't bother. it's really just 4x in space now. Despite  investing in all things diplomacy and espionage, every offer to another race is countered with ridicilous requirements, and despite highly invested espionage skills, the first spy on a low risk mission is caught by a race with no security?  At this point I can only play this if my plan is ti research, build ships and kill other races... there seems to be no logical way to influence. Quite disappointing."
76561198041708325,Recommended,298050,29642747,Posted: 1 February,all,Akiraspin,"Don't even listen to these nostalgia glasses wearing butthurt whiners in the comments, the game is great, yeah it's not as customizable, yeah it doesn't have as crazy of a tech tree, but it makes up for that in a more streamlined approach that lets pretty much anyone pick up and play it without really knowing too much about the MOO games. Couple this with incredible voice acting and a diverse race roster and you have a really really fun game.There are problems though, some of the stronger ships really aren't worth the cost. In a game like Stellaris or Endless Space, the largest ship classes in those games can EASILY destoy several dozen of the smaller weaker ships if they are built correctly, with good upgrades whereas in Master of Orion the stronger ships are only better because they have more slots, they don't have that much more HP than smaller ships to justify the cost, so it's generally better to just mass an absolute ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of smaller ships with good upgrades, than rush your tech for the ""powerful"" large ships.For example I built a Doomstar (A thinly veiled Deathstar reference), the largest ship in the game, and even with all of the  most incredibly expensive upgrades I had, with technology that was FAR superior to the enemy, I still lost a battle against only 24 frigates (the second smallest ship class).That is ♥♥♥♥ing stupid. And this isn't Star Wars where your Deathstar has a critical weakness ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that only a small ship could exploit, it's just massive wall of health, and it doesn't do nearly enough damage to justify it's INSANE cost.Other than the balance issues listed above the game is great, It's only 30 bucks and it's essentially CIV in space. So If you like strategy games with a very streamlined, easy to pickup style, then look no further.But if your looking for more in depth gameplay, with complex systems and a cluster♥♥♥♥ of a UI, then go play Stellaris or Endless Space(both excellent games)."
76561198039425587,Recommended,298050,29657044,Posted: 2 February,all,InsaneTeacherX,Great game! I can play it over and over and over....
,Recommended,298050,30351523,Posted: 5 March,all,TVAR'&SKOTINA,"There are many negative reviews, so I figured out this game deserves a positive one.Firts of all, the problems in negative reviews are real: the game has bugs.I haven't encountered an infinite turn processing, but there are problems with some game mechanics and a couple of graphical glithches. The AI is realy wierd, still managable.That being said, the game is freaking awesome from my point of view!PROS:Beautyful interfaces, voice acting and graphics.Much easier to understand how mechanics work. Planet management on the fly. (Compaired do Galactic Civilizations 3)Simple managment even on a big scale (400+ turns)Really cool races with deep story and set of traits (it gets spioled by some bugs and imbalalnces, but still feels great to play for each race).The game will be great for you, if you're not deep into 4x strats and just want to casually spend a couple of days conquering the Orion :)Buy this game on a sale, if available, buy the DLC, support the devs.The collection edition is now worth it imo.GL HF"
76561198296892783,Recommended,298050,34158279,Posted: 10 August,all,smirlsmirl,It's way better than the third edition. I'm a little sad they decided to charge me for the extra races after I bought the whole package in beta.
76561198331467869,Recommended,298050,26036603,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,woj.mueller,"Let me say this: Someone looked at what MOO3 failed at and did EXACTLY the opposite. And they succeeded. As an old MOOII addict, I was let down by MOO3 immensely. Besides the many technical problems it had it was just not fun to play. And thats were this version excels at: it is fun. It doesn't take itself too serious, has a lot of self aware tongue in cheek humor. MOO3 was depressing. It tried very hard to be gloomy and bleak. Not in a good, mature entertainment kind of way, but in a emo teen trying to be dark and edgy way. Some people remarked it goes into Disney territory, and thats partly true. The Races are stereotypes, but than they never were anything else in the originals. There are the warrior Cat people, and the smart, arrogant, big headed Psilons ... that was never meant to be ""realistic aliens"". This is one of the few things which MOO3 can be praised for, it tried that and partly succeed. This version gets back to more comic bookish alien races, but they know that and they OWN it. The science advisors comments still make me chuckle after 80+ hours of game-play, and the high profile voice acting is superb.As for the game mechanics and were it stands as a strategy game: It is basically an exact copy of MOO I&II if it was made in 2016. If you liked the originals in that regard, you will like this one. I read reviews about calling it dated, but I disagree on that. The concept was good back in the days, and it is good now. I love how they brought this oldies into this time and made it work. The power of the ancients is now yours to command ... :)"
,Recommended,298050,26465668,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Skolvikings,Fun game that improves upon MOO2.
76561198100492737,Recommended,298050,26468302,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,HâVôÇ,"only thing i would reccomend is that they desperatley need to have a ship customization, and also a way to delete your build history from planets because it gets a bit much to sift thru 50 desighns of ships that you built that no longer apply because they  all look the same and also named battleship VXII or (custom name) VXII etc.... other than that its insane fappy fun"
76561198000698039,Recommended,298050,26475852,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Fugasas,"Nicely done space strategy game. Not so many alians, but they are designed well enough. It is 1 step ahead of Galactic Civ while several steps behind Stellaris.Not sure why these limits are:Why only 6 races in play?Why game is limited in turns?Why fleets consists of so little ships? Shouldn't be galactic scale battle?Why alliance does give a lot?Why races are predefine and there are no minor races?Why so many micro management? It is fun when there 5 planets, but no so much when you have 30 ...Why music is not distinctive, some games you want to play just for awesome music.I would give it 7/10."
,Recommended,298050,26503877,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Dearneman,A little simple but loads of empire buidling fun without worrying about the need for intensive management.
,Recommended,298050,34953892,Posted: 14 September,all,MegaBearsFan,"I give Master of Orion a CONDITIONAL recommendation:It's a good ENTRY POINT for people just getting into the 4x genre.It seems that we can all forget about Master of Orion 3 now, right? But the question is: should we? The game didn't turn out well, but the things it tried to do were important to the 4x genre. It tried to eliminate micro-management and allow players to control a truly massive empire. It tried to focus most of the challenge and intrigue on the second half of the game, rather than it all being front-loaded into the early stages. These are valiant goals for a 4x to strive for. It's a shame that they didn't work out.This rebooted Master of Orion is forgetting all of that and simply hitting the reset button. Though I had some fun, I don't see myself coming back to Master of Orion once I'm done with it.Master of Orion: Conquer the Stars doesn't have any fatal flaws. It looks slick and has a lot of nice bells and whistles. It just doesn't do anything particularly well, and some of the systems and mechanics have annoying nagging flaws and feel a bit shallow. If anything, Master of Orion works well as a fairly gentle introduction to 4x strategy. It's easy to jump into, and games play pretty quickly. I actually completed an entire game in a single afternoon -- something that's nigh impossible in a game of Civilization VI. If you're new to the genre, then this is a great introduction. It has enough going for it to be interesting, but isn't going to overwhelm you in the way that a bigger 4x game like Endless Space or Europa Universalis or Stellaris might.This is a solid successor to the classic Master of Orion games, and it's a great entry-point if you're interested in the genre. For experienced 4x players, there's bigger, better games on the market right now.I invite you to please check out my full review on my personal blog:http://www.megabearsfan.net/post/2017/08/07/Master-of-Orion-(2016)-game-review.aspx"
,Not Recommended,298050,25259704,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,actoraustin,"I couldn't get through the tutorial without switching back to Civ V. This game is literally a copy of Endless Space but with some better graphics and AI interaction, and considering I put my fair share of hours into that game I'm regretting purchasing this one.Sucks, cause it looked cool. I really wanted it to be better."
76561198035605738,Not Recommended,298050,30012547,Posted: 18 February,all,rayconismike,"SADLY GAME HANGS TURN 77 DURING THE UNKNOWN RACE TURN ( PROSESSING )....ANY HELP PLS ( PLAYING WITH MODS ) BY THE WAY.PLAYED OTHER RACES SAME CRAP PROCESSING HANGS AT UNKNOW RACE TURNTHE OLD MASTER OF ORION DID NOT HAVE THESE ISSUES, WOULD LIKE TO GIVE A THUMBS UP BUT CANT UNTIL THIS PROSESSING HANGING ISSUE IS SETTLED."
76561198009891199,Not Recommended,298050,22712747,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Azaun,Master of Orion is a highly diluted version of its namesake. WG Labs took a deep and complex game and turned into into a shallow and lifeless husk.
76561198006263195,Not Recommended,298050,22839479,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Ghosteyes,"Soo simplified its incredibly dull, would recommend this game if you are a 10year old but for fans of stategic thinking, don't bother."
76561198018869013,Not Recommended,298050,24908759,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Marauding Conan,"Waste of time.The interface is smooth and the game flows. But there is very little real challenge here.Diplomacy appears to be complex but the reality is that your neighbors will bully you until you are stronger than them. After that, they will leave you alone.Designing ships is an abstract exercise which point appears obscured. Until you get into combat. Then, you will realised that it is pointless. Combat options are limited and useless as the combat is reduced to a couple volleys before it ends. There is no scope for tactics as it is over as quick as it started.At the end, this game is reduced to conducting admin on your empire and moving fleets about. Everything else does not add anything to the experience. Even getting into combat can be best described as looking a statistical tables and letting the computer determined the outcome based on those table.Stay clear of it. I got bored with it pretty early on."
76561198043314000,Not Recommended,298050,21547754,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,gul_duaach,"STARLANES need to be OUTLAWED in 4x games!!!!!  Opened the game excited to see the new MoO. only to suffer instant disapointment, It is like a copy on Galactic Civilization with just enought changed to avoid a lawsuit (maybe)."
76561198090996302,Not Recommended,298050,21868228,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,darinor,"2560x1080 have a lot problems in game, screen rezolution shows not full planet image and then you colonising planets on animation shows blank screen on the corners, as wel combant I think should be more like in mo 2 - turn based. thats why im not playing other galaxtic games, because they dont have turn based combat system. Each ship should be design seperate. For now this game is very basic and after couple houres gets boring. Should be more similar to mo2 or even copy of mo2 just better graphic"
,Not Recommended,298050,22877478,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,tehsensei,boring.
,Not Recommended,298050,25318172,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,W4RH34D,"Game sucks -The AI is a cheating mess,The game takes eons for turns to process.Oh and then theres the bugs.Whatever, you got my money.  The gaming industry is a ♥♥♥♥♥ now."
76561198015322396,Not Recommended,298050,25213256,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,kozzmik77,I could never get the game to launch. Kept telling me the exe has caused an issue and closes the application.  I updated all my drivers and followed tips on forum posts and even developers website with no success.  Eventually requested refund.
76561197969134510,Not Recommended,298050,22118011,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Zach,"So whenever I get into a fight with another empire, it never really feels like I am fighting a war. It's always just sort of a coin toss.I roll into their space with my fleet and either my main fleet is bigger than theirs and I take all their systems, or their fleet is bigger than mine and I lose the game."
76561198029099256,Not Recommended,298050,22060082,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,GulAragon,RTS Combat even now in EA2 phase destroys all the tactical aspects in this MoO clone.I really tried but if combat won't be changed to turn based combat it is like Endless Space with a bigger name.Very superficial and it seams to be designed for todays Mobil gaming generation without lack of depth and intelligence.
76561198012010253,Not Recommended,298050,21802401,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,WIZBASKY,"I just bought this game because i was a HUUUUGGGEEEE fan of Masters Of Orion 2, and this game for the most part is a 2016 update of MOO2, all except in one area, the combat.In every other area, it's a perfect replica and updated graphics / sounds / music of the original game, but Combat sucks.It's kinda the worst combat I have seen in a 4x RTS game, the ship design is really bad also, that could be vastly improved on also, so ship design is basic and combat SUCKS.Why does it suck you ask, because it's hard to watch what is happening because the camera control is too awkward to control, the combat is basicly ai vs ai, you do nothing but watch, I remember the original MOO 2 combat, it was like chess. you have your ships vs AI, the enemy hits your shields you rotate your ship to put the rear shields facing the enemy for the next attack.You sacrifice some ships so others can get the win, it was a great combat system. this one is start combat sit back and wait to see which AI wins.Other than that it's a good game"
,Not Recommended,298050,21803769,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Mephistopheles,"Loved the series, but was bored to death.   No challenge, not really even very fun after the first few hours.  Too bad, so much potential."
76561198030031336,Not Recommended,298050,22356817,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Nen Yim,"i had high hopes, but i find the game lacking in the expansion fase... AI is encredibly anoying, and lack of systems and planets in a large map is actualy quite small"
76561198349389111,Not Recommended,298050,32326083,Posted: 10 June,all,oldslannday,"hi all. i play this game as it look good. but when i played it, the game was slow trun base an a bit basic. i played a lot of build up games an this one is sadly lacking. but if the makes did one thing it would be better. it needs a link up for multiplayers in each univeris. as play AI dull an playing PVP is lots better an faster. any way have fun play all :)"
76561198017906015,Recommended,298050,32604549,Posted: 20 June,all,Meatwad1666,Tsk Tsk all the hate its a good game not as complex as the past Orions but still a solid fast paces 4x
76561197975567824,Not Recommended,298050,26326080,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Kojack,is there real combat in this because ill i see is auto calulate - all the startegic combat option - in the options panel are selected- but still it just calculates
,Not Recommended,298050,22806245,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,lemehmet,"I changed my mind. As of this release, MOO is more like a space themed Civ5 expansion pack. And unfortunately not a very good one. Bringing one ship per warp point limitation will complete the joke.I know it is early access, but it is not progressing in a good way. If you are considering to invest, I suggest to wait for the actual release.--------------------------------------My previous review (May 5):I have been playing MOO2 for ages. With its transcendental music, lovely graphics and rich possibilities that may make each game unique, MOO2 is like the ultimate tool for meditation for me. The previous sequel, MOO3 (not this game!) was quite the contrary, I genuinely disliked it.So, briefly I have been waiting for a good sequel for ages. It has finally arrived. I loved it.This new implementation did a very good job on maintaining the original qualities that made MOO2 a cornerstone piece for 4X lovers. Even though the game is still in early access, it is engaging, doesn’t overwhelm with details even though they are there if you feel like micromanaging, same calm graphics and music, and is very playable. If you are looking for one, this game is a proper sequel to MOO2. It is definitely worth its price. If you love MOO series, go for it.I have some criticism for the early access as of May’16, though:It is getting a bit too similar to Civ5 dynamics: City states, establishing embassies etc. While it gives a familiarity feeling for Civ players, I would expect more innovative diversions from the Sid’s path.Diplomacy is still a bit shaky, very frequently in a single turn you may become the common BFF of the galaxy and after a few turns suddenly they see their error and declare an all-out war on you. I am sure there will be a better AI diplomacy when the game is released.I like playing tactical battles, but they are still a bit confusing for me. With every new release I give it a try but I always end up auto-resolving the battles. It is obvious that the designers have pretty good ideas and trying them out."
,Recommended,298050,28241709,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Xoltan [Xorander],"A fitting reboot to the franchis, MOO manages to capture *most* of the good from the previous three games while still containing a little of what MOO and MOO3 do worse than MOO2. Although with the advent of live patches and high speed internet, Firaxis has done a wonderful job of listening to the community and not outright screwing players over with DLC (I find the additional races as DLC alright as long as they contain their proper back stories and interactions that made them memorable in the ""expansion packs"" of old). It may not be the best M00 right now, but with proper support and continuing to listen to players, Firaxis may have revived one of my favorite franchises. NOW IF ONLY ALL OF MY FRIENDS WOULD BUY THE GAME TOO *COUGH COUGH*"
76561198191076467,Recommended,298050,28214215,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Iron knight Fe,the best ive seen
76561198007619331,Recommended,298050,30832968,Posted: 30 March,all,Shadows_eye,"This game is almost as good as master of Orion 2, which was apart from the bad grafik a perfect 4K game. So now to the ""But"":1: The taktikal gameplay was made to realtime with pause. Verry unfortunate as you lose the controll of a big aspect of what made MOO2 so great, it could or let me say should have been done like in Knight of the old Repuplik, were the pause could actually been used for taktikal desisions and futeur movements.2: Making an Custom Race should have more perks to pick from and some of the MOO2 perks are missing and to save this custom race for later would be nice as well."
76561198007905179,Recommended,298050,25384060,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,thierrygiguere,I've been substituting sleep for Master of Orion for the past week or so... oops?
76561198004382489,Recommended,298050,25404472,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,djinnajit,"Did you like MMO2?  Do you want to play a game almost exactly like it but a bit modern?  Than this will be worth the money.This is a 4x turn based game that is really simple to figure out and I agree does not have a ton of variability.  It's like a water down Civ in space.Which is sometimes all you want to do.  I don't need to be challanged with every game I play or have massive depth.If you want something that is difficult and complex, you probably will be disappointed.If you want a fun 4x game (even if you never payed MOO2), then I would highly recommend this one.Plus, who doesn't want to min/max a couple hundred small ships with no armor and only high power weapons and missiles to conquer the galaxy?"
76561198047311696,Recommended,298050,26623598,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Killjoy,Great Orion game!Totaly loved Orion and Orion 2 back in the day and was worried about this one after Orion 3 botched it. But now that I played this one its just what the serries neeed to bring it back to life
76561198035296557,Recommended,298050,28993978,Posted: 3 January,all,Doctor G,"Enjoyed the game !  Bought it at 50% off and No extras because people said it is buggedIS REALLY BUGGEDmusic Sucks and loops and Sticks in a bugbut is a really fun gameand the Mods are better then the GAME , which is said but trueAnd the Warp speed is too slow  It takes 22 turns to get anyplaceand Warp gates DONT WORK...they just cut time down by 6 or 7 turns from 22Buy it cheapIt made by cheap slobs looking to turn a product and get your cash from a Name.it does not suck... just made by people that do not clean their room in real life and whine to mommy to clean it"
76561198018518274,Recommended,298050,31459385,Posted: 30 April,all,Timonater,"Hey!! Thanks to me for buying most of the game !! I mean I thought I bought the whole game but silly me right !!Good game but damn they should have hired me as I have a great idea for a new race called the ""Integrities"" !!There big power is if there going to screw you with dlc's right out of the gate they tell you before you kick start said game !! This is a novel idea I know but you don't have to pay me I knock this stuff out like for free!Yes the game is good ,you did a fine job just take me dinner before you bend me over right there at the end.\Damn"
76561198006763124,Recommended,298050,28118871,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Raghalin,"Captured the clasicSome slight problems at early access, but WG has improved the game with each patch"
76561198014980603,Recommended,298050,28255155,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Shokwat,"This game is a work in progress, but in a good way.  It is complete and polished but the Devs keep updateing and changing it based on player responces and comments.  This seems to be a passion project for the Devs so I doubt it will be abandoned any time soon.    The only downside is the decision to gate some races behind DLC, but ongoing development needs an ongoing source of capital so I understand the choice."
76561198011657297,Recommended,298050,31120294,Posted: 13 April,all,Scorpion,I can confirm that this game is a good game!
,Recommended,298050,25521157,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Bob Raynor,"A simple, effective turn-based strategy game just like the original. The orchestrated music is great! Faithfull to the original and as i imagined it to be back in the 90´s, some rules have changed but for good, gameplay has been simplified and its quite friendly. Buggy still, combat view needs free camera mode, but overall a decent game, it has more potential but lets se if the updates can exploit this great game a little more..."
76561198006831792,Recommended,298050,26400314,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,N_Mandrag,"It's clean, simple and has great production value and with the latest update even has mod support. The only real complaint I have is the limited model selection for the ships. While each faction looks unique, only a few ships appeal to me - which hopefully will now be remedied by mods."
,Recommended,298050,28968631,Posted: 2 January,all,bee,"It gave me what I wanted which was the nostalgia of MOO2 with some UI updates. The lack of some of the core races as DLC is annoying at best, but I didn't really expect to want to do so many playthroughs of the game so I am OK with it. If you just want a casual chill and conquer the galaxy game, this is it."
76561198030797128,Recommended,298050,25401071,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,amstard,"This game feels a lot like MoO2 did for me. The early game is exploration and discovery, with several turns going by between actions other than ship movements (playing on Prewarp, which I always do). The GNN events bring me back to that as well, although I was surprised the first time I saw a whole other race (Mrrshan) wiped out by a supernova!Later in the game you become more cautious, consolidating your gains or taking advantage of your opponents' weaknesses to attack them. It's fun and exciting and I enjoy it thoroughly.I don't prefer the combat system, as many have stated, so I just put it on cinematic unless it's a close battle that I think my human brain needs to participate in. Most of the time, though, it isn't.The AI seems fine, nothing extraordinary. No complaints or accolades yet.All in all, if you liked MoO2, you'll like this one. If you're a MoO2 purist, though, believing that any successful sequel must copy it exactly (except updated graphics or what have you)...then maybe not. Although it really DOES feel like that to me, honestly."
76561197972742210,Recommended,298050,25438972,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Ribban,I never played the original games but many other rts. You get a bit confused during the first our of play but you get used to the game mechanics pretty fast and then you can't stop playing! :D
76561197995045975,Recommended,298050,25473739,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,nrugs4,"Great fun!  Feels very much like what I remember MOO 1 and 2 to be like.  Really enjoying the pace, customizable features, and voice work.  And hey its nice to look at.  Well done."
,Recommended,298050,28951114,Posted: 2 January,all,KempoMan,"Super fun game, especially if you liked the old MOO game(s).  The graphics are great, and the quality of life features of this game make me have a really hard time ending my play sessions, because of that ""just one more turn"" feeling you get when playing.  I picked it up during the holiday sale, and now that I have played it, I would have gladly paid full price for it."
,Recommended,298050,29442298,Posted: 23 January,all,EveningWithHennessy,Civilization 5: Beyond the Earth must was like it.
76561198005479399,Recommended,298050,29817947,Posted: 9 February,all,d3v4st4,"I own both Stellaris and MoO and Master of Orion is more fun to play for me.MoO feels like a cohesive, well put together experience whereas Stellaris just feels like a pile of cool features put together to give elitist 4X super nerds a boner in EU4 style.I cannot understand why MoO got so much flak in the reviews because the game is focking amazing!"
,Recommended,298050,33393361,Posted: 8 July,all,GreenVader35,love it😁😁😎🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓
76561198027063780,Recommended,298050,26108449,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Mangö[TC],"FUN! JUST AS GOOD AS THE MOO2, ONLY SHINIER AND UPDATED WELL!"
,Recommended,298050,26252982,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,kragaar,"This game hits all the nostalgia buttons I've got  I spent a pile of time playing the original MoO and MoO2 when they came out and this is a nice mix of both.  The races, tech trees, system names and music all feel comfortable and awesome."
,Recommended,298050,28580950,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Jon,Brings back the good old MoO2 days feels :D
,Recommended,298050,28116850,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Gamling,True to the original. Great graffics but I miss the old turnbased combat. The spysystem finaly got fixed so now I can recomend it.
76561198005295847,Recommended,298050,28263769,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Grog the Big,A worthy successor to MOO2!
,Recommended,298050,28264496,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Enderchangling,Fun Game
76561198003346463,Recommended,298050,28337002,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,J0lly,Great grand stradagy game real treat and reminds me of moo2
76561198314822166,Recommended,298050,26959127,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Vorgkhi,"This has been an amazing game and time killer. I have not played a better game yet. I prefered the old mechanics with the pollution, but other than that this is a fun game overall."
76561198096228043,Recommended,298050,27594730,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Lilbutters,best space 4x game I've ever played
76561198054418335,Recommended,298050,30109304,Posted: 22 February,all,NokyoOkami,Really Reminds Me Of the Old MoO2 I grew up withBut Updated And FreshLoving it so Much!
76561198003219881,Recommended,298050,25503319,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Haniel,"I was a fan of MOO2 back in the 90s, and of the 4X genre in general, and this game doesn't dissapoint.  Certainly a trip down memory lane with races, weapons, building, and research names pulled dutifully from the older title. So similar, in fact, that you will quickly find Espionage to be as much of a pain to defend against as in MOO2, and the Psilon creative trait still just as overpowered. While this new MOO does not have the depth/intricacies of a game like Stellaris, it is a polished and straightforward title that is easy to jump into and understand.Don't let the somewhat limited subset of available races turn you off- each one has unique ship types and voice acting that make it obvious why they didn't launch with all 13 original races. That said.. they'll probably be available as DLC in the future."
,Recommended,298050,26192857,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Xolthamus,"As a veteran of many hours playing the original MS-DOS and battle of antares games, I can say that this game does justice to the classics. As a fan, I can of course find small design choices which were made that I disagree with. Most of those gripes are things which existed in previous iterations and do not exist in this version. But on the whole, I am on board. I can easily see myself conquering the galaxy many times over.Great design choices:1) The next turn button is the same one which points you towards any actions you need to take.2) Super clean UI lets you really enjoy the sight of the galaxyDesign choices I disagree with:1) Where are frigates to transport food to distant colonies?2) Where are colony bases to have a lower cost method of colonizing within a system?3) Travel time between warp gates? Sigh, okay.4) Random Events! Hyperspace Flux! Antarans!5) Capturing enemy ships in combat, Where is it?Okay FINE. I forgive these oversights. This game is too much fun to gripe about."
,Recommended,298050,26328512,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Langor,"Overall a great 4x strategy game when not comparing to the previous editions of the series. There is a lot less micro-managing and many streamline autobuild/research/explore/fight options. Also, if you link your game to yourwargaming.netaccount they will also give you Total Anniliation on Steam for free. Watch the following video of the tutorial to get an understanding of the streamlined style of play Master of Orion: Conquer the stars has.https://youtu.be/iHj0M9Za-aU"
76561198283263502,Recommended,298050,26542667,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,allanshires,Almost feels like the old game but better graphics. Kinda wish they had hot seat so I could play with my friends who dont have computers.
76561198027766208,Recommended,298050,26556096,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Roggah,Played for about 40 hrs now with the MoO II fizz all the way. Definetely recommend MoO (4)!Pros: + MoO II revamped to modern standards!+ MoO III hangover finally over+ Good multiplayerCons: - Nothing innovative compared to other modern 4x games (yet?)
76561198007102347,Recommended,298050,26572687,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Zardoz,Morth every Penny +
,Recommended,298050,28581702,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Chaerb,"As a fan of the original Master of Orion 2, this game feels right in line with the play mechanics. Basically, it's that spot between the the foundations of Master of Orion 1 and the spreadsheet simulator Master of Orion 3. It fills the nostalgia fix for any old MoO 2 players out there."
,Recommended,298050,28624798,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Falco101,"Great 4x game. More simplified than some, but it makes up for it in graphic and artwork quality."
76561198006559424,Recommended,298050,29107205,Posted: 7 January,all,TaoPlayer,Having fun with this although it can be frustrating. Damn computer opponents cheat LOL.
76561198001966202,Recommended,298050,29131302,Posted: 8 January,all,Nazmorgul,Excellent game. A very modernized version of the masterful strategy game.
,Recommended,298050,29242265,Posted: 14 January,all,Revenant,"Above average game. Lots of stuff from the earlier games have been brought over, except sadly, no Elerians. :("
76561198025060144,Recommended,298050,29662273,Posted: 2 February,all,zentronstar,Fun love it
76561198063392142,Recommended,298050,30095615,Posted: 22 February,all,Raki124,"I like this. I've been playing a lot of 4X, starting with MOO1 waaaay back. MOO2 and Alpha Centauri were my favorites, and I still play a game of Alpha Centauri every now and then, since it is such a stroke of genius.Anyway, this new MOO somehow just works for me. It copies a lot of things from MOO2, but that's not a bad thing. I don't know what the exact reason is, but MOO2 was always more FUN than other space 4X games. For me, at least. I have not played a whole lot yet, but so far it's been a very fun experience.Also, they didn't just copy the game, they made lots of little changes too. For instance, they switched to star lanes, which I like, because you can no longer just attack the inner planets of an empire, without going through the outer ring first.If you put too much population into one field, you get diminishing returns, which is a change I especially like. When you take all your nerdy researchers, give them a pickace and tell them to slave away at the new spaceport, it's not exactly efficient. :)One thing which they both kept and improved is the research system of MOO2. You still have to pick between technologies, which is probably why MOO2 was so awesome in the first place. In this game, there's a baseline of technologies you always get, which is a bit sad, but I guess also makes things easier to balance. Anyway, you still have to make lots of tricky decisions.On the technical side, I have not had any difficulties , but I've only played a few hours so far. Anyway, it ran for 6 hours without ever crashing, which is a plus. ^^I've only bought this game now because I read mixed reviews and was burned by MOO3, but now I bought it on a sale and am definitely not regretting it.P.S. The new Trilarians are awesome. Ph'nglui mglw'nafh Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn! :)"
76561198052655496,Recommended,298050,30234452,Posted: 27 February,all,Stormwynd,"This game is very fun.  I only paid $14.99 but I think its worth $29.00 because I know that I will get alot of replay on it and I have played most of the space games of its type and this is the best one.  Even though I have played games sense ultima online and before, I have never played any of the master of orions so I have no expections of some game that was made 30 years ago like alot of people do in the reviews.Its like playing Civilation 5 exept in the future star trek envirorment with very cool space battles where you can build your own custom ships and send them to battle.  And it is good just how it is as of feb 27, 2017 and I hope they keep making it better."
,Recommended,298050,30287566,Posted: 2 March,all,wisellama,It's a good modern version of the original
76561198062830050,Recommended,298050,26720492,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,funSoft,After Latest update (Linux-Client) the game crashes everytime i try to start it...... got even problems with left klicking.finally it works fine after the latest updates.Love this Game
76561198109161866,Recommended,298050,29108830,Posted: 7 January,all,Kuguar,"Master of Orion 4 brings back the feeling of the old Moo2 with a fresh look. I played Moo2 for years, the same will probably happen with Moo4.True, there could be more new stuff in the game (this game reminds a lot to the old Moo2). The fighting system could be better. But at least the Darloks are improved and there are new winning conditions, making the game even more flexible in terms of goals.Overall: 4/5 points, I like it, definetely worth the money if one likes 4x games.Sidenote: Probably the collectors edition is not worth it, though. Get the three extra fractions (Gnolams, Elerianer and Trilarians), that gives more for the money imho."
76561198114577922,Recommended,298050,25504220,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Thrill3rKill3rz,"This is the first MOO game that I have played. My initial thoughts of the game was it was pretty fun, but over time it has gotten a bit dule to be honest. I am a World of Tanks player and War Gaming has made that game the huge success that it is. This game is still pretty new and trying to revive an old game series and I am willing to put my faith into War Gaming and this game. Only time will tell how this game will work out, and I still find enjoyment in this game despite the rare occasion that it is just a bore. So with that being said, if you like games that are about space or building civilizations/empires id recommend this game for you."
76561198101939613,Recommended,298050,26495716,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Kellyfrada,GOOD
76561198022150928,Recommended,298050,28589877,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Cleaver2012,"I played MoO 1, 2, and 3.  This version has the majority of MoO 1 & 2 with the Star lanes of MoO 3.  In MoO 1 & 2 you did not have star lanes but you could only go so far until you colonized a planet or got a better engine.  With MoO 3 and this new version of  MoO it might take 2 to 3 turns to get to the next system at the start and with new engines it can take one turn.  I like the game, the only down side of the game is in Huge Galaxy after about 600 turns it starts to slow down taking about 3 - 4 minutes per turn.  I had a few crashes and they were always fixed with the next update to the game and I had 2 or 3 crashes during the turn. On a 1 to 10, I give it an 8 because of slow turns and crashes."
76561198008722540,Recommended,298050,28321703,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,MirageMMO,"Over tuned a points compared to older versions, few bugs, and Master of Orion: Revenge of Antares Race Pack should honestly be included with colectors since it's content is in all other versions."
,Recommended,298050,27835221,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Mr. Schneeglöckchen,Looks great
76561198100162236,Not Recommended,298050,21469132,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,gonzaloaog,"Update 3:  This review is updated after not playing the game in a lot of time and finding out that they've released it as a finished product.  In my opinion, wait to a very good rebate to buy this game; I originally bought it in early access at full price because I wanted to support the devs and I don't regret it, but if you want to invest your money in a good game, this one is not for you, beside all the flaws and things that I kept writing to the devs through all this time, now that they had released it for real I played it again to a great disappointment as it seems that all the feedback the gamers gave for months were ignored, beside the previous things I reported now there's another list (with things pointed out before):- No control over scouts and colony ships design (as in MOO1, 2).- No need to research technology to colonize extreme environments (that gave some advantages to different races in the game and gave more strategy to research, as in previous games).- Linear technology research with no different technologies for different races (again, that gave more strategy decisions and sense to spying technology from adversaries).- If player changes the production (no matter if it was a mistake) all the previous production is lost (say, you had 10 turns producing something, bam, lost, start from zero again).- No previously saved games list, if the user wants to overwrite a previous saved game it's necessary to write down the name again (don't use complicated save names!), if you don't overwrite you'll need some time to browse saved games and delete them if you don't want to pile up a lot of unnecessary files.- No way to change colony names.- Scouts and colony ships can't withdraw from battles when unescorted (idiotic game design).- Scroll zoom deficient, there's one point when you jump zooms.- Crappy ship design UI, the previous one (from months ago) was better, and until now there's no way to know how well your ship will do, when upgrading technology you actually downgrade the ship (another great idea from the devs!).- Idiotic just 4 ships design slots available.- Space battles are pure crap (sorry, but I can't describe it in another way).+ Overall performance is good (unless you start, load and exit a game, those takes ages).+ Some of the original spirit of the game is there, but devs keep ignoring gamers and how awesome the previous (1 and 2) games were.In conclusion:- Unfortunately for the devs, they chose 2  great games to update them (or to base their game), and ignored the things that made them great (maybe for the franchise's new gamers it'll be fine).- Save your money (this game isn't as MOO1 or MOO2, I had that hope but now it's all lost); if there's some 75% plus disscount then buy the game, until now the only great things that I've got from this is the digital artbook and the soundtrack.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------So far so good! Until now the space battles system doesn't convince me so much, but the rest is very good, a wise combination of the old good things and modern gaming!Update 1: my saved game has disappeared! And there's no ""Continue"" option neither. When saving a game that was previously saved there's no way to select it, forcibly one has to write the name. Take notice devs.Update 2: The planetary invasion is somewhat basic and honestly I expected something else than watching numbers and random explosions, it's supposed to be infantry+mechs fighting on the surface of the planet! At least in the original MOO they had the animation of soldiers facing and exploding.Once the game totally crashed when loading the saved game.Another thing that's bugging me is the turn limit for a game, is it only for the EA version or it'll be like that forever?The ship design is somewhat not good, the devs can visually add the weapons bays for the player to decide where to place them, or some sort of real ship customization; though, the option to update the ships to a new model (when orbiting planets or battlestations) is awesome!And finally, when voting at the council meeting, you don't know how many votes you can place until after the voting is over (I voted for myself but didn't want to have that victory, only to later realize that my population was enough to decide the future of the galaxy...)."
76561197970396547,Not Recommended,298050,25192497,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,stalkyr,"So, I really want to like this game.  However, the AI makes it almost impossible to do so.  You can spend the entire time making friends with the AI just to have them declare war on you for no reason.  I've had it happen in two different games now since the game was officially released.  This has been a problem since early access and still hasn't been fixed.I absolutely hate the two robots giving their news update.  They are extremely annoying.  If you're unlucky enough, you could see them every other turn.There are better 4X offerings out there.  Spend your money on one of those."
76561198065656025,Not Recommended,298050,21840039,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Superpescado,"This is a review for anyone thinking about purchasing MOOcts early access.I have completed two play throughs of the game with the humans. Although there are some good points I can not recommened the game and its 50 dollar price tag in its current state.Things I liked-Looks nice (ships, planets, races)-Voice acting is well done-Music and SFX are good-UI is easy to navigateThings I don't like-Combat is too fast and boring. You can try slowing it down by using the pause option but really it's pointless. You can win almost every battle simply with numbers and let it auto play while you watch. Faster to just simulate battles than go through the cinematic tactical fighting.-Customizing ships is pointless you can easily win with the default set ups the AI chooses for you-AI currently isn't implemented so diplomacy plays no part in a game (other than extorting money from the weak)-Tech tree choices don't feel like they mean anything. I can easily get through a game just randomly picking.ConclusionDon't buy this game in early access. If it goes on sale maybe. I don't think it's worth more than $25 in its current state and that's only because it comes with MOO 1 and 2. It has potential I hope that the developers use the player's feed back to improve the battles and AI.***EA5 UPDATE***So I tried the EA% update and can still not recommend this game. First I'll have to say that the developers made some great changes that fixed many early version problems. For exampleImproved AI both in diplomacy and overall strategyShip designer finally in a good place (was pretty bad until around EA3 or 4)Custom race designer and galaxy generation paramaters greatly improvedThey put spies in EA 3 or 4 (can't remember exactly) and improved their functionality some what in EA5RTS battle UI improved and it's a bit easier to  control ships nowThese are some of the things that I thought were well done by the dev team. Having said that the following issues are simply holding this game back and will continue to do so in my opinion.Absolutely horrible UI camera during empire management. I can't stress enough how annoying it is when the camera moves and zoomes from one side of the galaxy to another to make sure you aware of some mundane event (congrats you just found a planet...ugh) and now you have to zoom back out, find where the camera was focused just so you can continue playing normally. This happens ALL THE TIME and is incredibly annoying.Planet management is absolutely boring. It's so boring in fact that they are planning on adding preset building queues to the game as a feature. Now some might say 'yay preset building queues!' but to me it's the same thing as admitting that there is a boring part of the game no one likes to do so we are finding a way to automate it. Now this happens with a lot of 4x games but it's especially bad in MOOcts. Some 4x games try and get around this by using a grid system for building placement and assigning values to each box in the grid so that there is at least a level of randomness and value in building on one box over the other. In MOOcts however its the old boring build queue that might as well be the same for every planet (again why they are making preset build queues). For sure this was a flaw of the original moo2 and should have been identified as an area where they could innovate.And the big one BATTLES. Lets face it 4x games are about big space battles. Everyone wants to  see their super badass fleet mass up against another empire's super badass fleet and PEWPEW till there is a clear winner. And although there can be big space battles in MOOcts they just aren't fun. You would think an RTS style battle system would guarantee awesome big fleet battles but nope. Most of the time you just end up sitting watching it happen like a little movie. Sure there are tactics to use and ways to move ships around but it's nothing like the strategy someone would use in a game like starcraft for example. The system lacks the feeling of speed and split second decision making that will make or break the battle found in traditional RTS and at the same time has managed to simulate the boring sit back and watch as things happen found in turn based combat.  I can't stress enough how boring battles are in this game. It's a killer failure imo.Again I very much appreciate the work put into this game. The graphics are nice, sound is excellent, atmosphere is very MOO style but the game is just dull to play. Why pay 50+ dollars to play a mediocre 4x game when there are so many out there that are doing everything this game offers but better and for less money."
76561198006844941,Not Recommended,298050,22820068,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Angelic_Daemon,"Terribly disappointing game play.Excellent voice acting.It's pretty and at the start and it can be entertaining, I had to bump up the difficulty just to get some kind of enjoyment out of it.  The feature I kept waiting for was espionage, this felt like was an after thought and rushed out. In my opion it is pointless to even bother with. After a 100 turns on a large or huge map you more than likely are set to win the game and it is just relagated to mopping up planets.There are events in the game, while entertaining as a story, has little impact on game play. I beleive it was meant to break the monotiny that you find yourself in at the later stages of the game."
,Not Recommended,298050,25494347,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,[o4zloi] Acaerus,Stay clear of this excuse of a game...
76561198044486396,Not Recommended,298050,30304408,Posted: 3 March,all,Metebacsi,"I'm a very devoted MOO II fan.Started the game with uber low expectations,The game managed to fail even that.I had to force myself to avoid ALT-F4 & uninstall.Honestly I'm horrified and disgusted of this abomination.I can't recommend it to anyone.In overall it feels like they wanted to make a totally dumbed down strategy game - so even the most mentally handicapped can play it. But they were ignoring the fact that the original tried to be as complex as possible. It was successful, because it gave quality gameplay over 20 years ago!To compensate the atomic simplicity of the game, they tried to give it more style, story and graphics. Failed attempt.In my opinion, the game is worth 2$ at max, no more.Not going to go in a detailed description in what makes this game terrible, as it doesn't even deserve serious criticism."
76561197974135177,Not Recommended,298050,31573492,Posted: 5 May,all,Ninja,"5/10Dont get this game. No one plays online, and when they do, people will leave either while you are waiting for more to join the match, or during the match."
76561198003973284,Recommended,298050,28130896,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,the_blue_ninja,"When it comes to the space 4X, Master of Orion has always been the standard, and this version is great.  I haven't played Stellaris (the other new 4X I keep hearing about), but when compared to MOO2, this game is superior in virtually every aspect."
76561198007290122,Recommended,298050,28197678,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Yoda32001,From what I have seen of it reminds me of master of orion 2. I think they did a great job with both the graphics and the battles. It is a 4x game so dont expect a rpg experience and you will enjoy this.
,Recommended,298050,28225493,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,MrTobyP,"This game is way better than the old edition you use to play in the 90s. It has a well detailed tech menu as well as many many different races. You can be challenged with a different race every day and not be poured or mix-and-match. It will take you half a lifetime to master this game.you will not be disappointed when you start this game up with the awesome intense detailed graphics of the quirky, cool, hilarious, unbelievable aliens in the game, some good and neutral. Some just hang around till trouble starts and some are just outright horrible and will murder you and your crew in a heartbeat. if you liked any of the previous versions of this game. This game is an eye-opener. If you are new to this game, you are gonna love it because if they did not let me down. They certainly have not even showed you the capabilities that this group can create. They are an awesome bunch and develop awesome games. Give it a try, you will not be disappointed.Chris in Orefield"
76561198305411798,Recommended,298050,25457747,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Tarabashku,great experience! looking for ways to play multiplay mood.
,Recommended,298050,25354983,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Sometimes I forget things,"This is a very fun 4X game with a bright personality, beautiful graphics, and in my opinion smart design decisions.I do feel like it was a mistake calling this game Master of Orion however. It shares many similarities with its predecessors and I feel it's fitting to say it is a game in the Master of Orion series. The problem with calling it Master of Orion however is that long time fans and veterans will expect almost an exact copy of Master of Orion 2. These two games a very different and objectively I would say that this game is better overall. Of course nostalgia plays a factor and people may be frustrated to discover that this game is different and not realize that many of these changes are for the better.I could go on and on about various specific parts of the game but pretty much anything I could talk about fits into what I have said above.Tl;Dr: The game is very well made by a developer that cares what people think. Long time fans expecting a very close copy of Master of Orion 2 won't find that. Instead they will find a new and exciting game that is heavily inspired by the games before it. It is a fun 4X title and earns my recommendation."
76561198007674855,Recommended,298050,25444131,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,mort,Excellent!
,Recommended,298050,26606969,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Doomfrost,"Master of Orion 1 and 2 in a different shell. Nothing has really changed gameplay wise, I was able get right into it with no hassel. The only difference I notice is that the technology tree has been changed so it's taken some getting used to. Also a shame that the Antarans didn't make it nor the hero hiree system, as well as ship raiding/boarding.If they could add those things it would be great."
76561198010095735,Recommended,298050,25358676,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,spikefar,"This game is a remake of Master of Orion 2. As such, it's a good game. Graphics and sound are updated to today's standards. Gameplay is almost exactly the same, except with some  minor tweaks. It is not a grand strategy game or a game that has deeply tactical combat. If you liked MOO2, you'll like this.EDIT: After putting in about 30 hours I can say that this is a good game, but still missing some elements from previous games in the series, such as Leaders, animated ground battles (and stats), etc. I expect the devs will put out updates to correct this, as the game has alot more potential.Also, as I've often seen, people come in and bash a game while touting another. I have to wonder if they're working for the companies that put out the other games. For example, I've played Stellaris, and it is also a good game, but the flavor is different. To compare the two dirrectly without going into a long discussion on the pros and cons of each style is at best a diservice to both games and at worst useless propoganda."
,Recommended,298050,25438706,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,seyferseed,"Sorry, but after Stellaris this game looks like casual game.It sould be released before Stellaris to provide something new or attract more interest.But after - I said my opinion in first sentence.Anyway game is still good."
,Recommended,298050,26304625,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Verain,"If you like MOO2, you'll like this game.  If you like the original MOO, you'll probably like this game.Definitely recommended.  Good ship building options, decent planet options, and I'm a big fan of the strategic level comabt system (it is a bit controversial, but I really like it).  Graphics and sound both excellent."
76561198027823396,Recommended,298050,30209897,Posted: 26 February,all,Alidar,.
76561198108235047,Recommended,298050,31054042,Posted: 9 April,all,wipes2times,good game.
76561198036954524,Recommended,298050,32631319,Posted: 21 June,all,Shade,"Fun, flashy, easy to learn.  I am just starting, but it has caught my interest enough to get involved.Battles have options for autoresolve, watch the battle fight itself out or exercise some form of control (maybe not as much as moo2, however).I loved Moo2 and this is the first 4X game since then which has got me interested.  A lot of effort went in to nice touches such as voice acting.It strikes me as odd that some people have invested a lot of hours in this game but still downvoted.  Moo2 was a trendsetter that provided a one of a kind experiece at the age it was made, this game so far is fun and polished."
76561198046434571,Recommended,298050,25393247,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Purple Tentacle,"As a hardcore Master of Orion I & II fan, I was highly anticipating this modern version. That being said, having experienced the disappointment of Master of Orion III (and I know the game has its fans, I'm not one of them), and having experienced many disappointments of poorly redone classics, I was also majorly cautious. I decided to get the ""Early Access"" version after trying it out so that I could follow its development. The Early Access versions were certainly fun, but their flaws were also apparent, which made me concerned about the actual release.Now that I've played the release version, I can say that they've managed to quell my concerns. Once I learned some of the mechanics of this version of MOO (mostly deciding how to prioritize using the colonists to properly research/farm/build), I found a much greater appreciation of the game. I'm in the process of figuring out what weapons work best on my ships, as well as how to deal with being bullied by the Silicoids. After doing some reloading, I blew up their fleet that was surrounding one of my planets. Very rewarding, while I also learned the tactics so that I won't have to reload in future playthroughs.My biggest complaint is the lack of turn-based space combat. I *loved* that mechanic in the original Master of Orion, so I greatly miss it. I also feel like they needed to be clearer about some of the effects within the game. For instance, they don't fully give the details behind the properties of the different biomes (for instance, the food production per cell or the different cell availability. It was much more readable to look it up on the MOO Wiki). So there are other concerns that have popped up, and I'm curious to see how the AI will stand up to the test of time.Overall, I'm enjoying the game in the same way I did with MOO I & II. This is not to say that I think the game has lived up to those versions yet. I do need more time with the game before fully comparing it. However, I can say that I'm really enjoying the process of learning & growing."
,Recommended,298050,25436431,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,MrCreamJeans,"Suh dude, this a dope game.#VapeNaysh"
,Recommended,298050,26365082,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,winsvega,Well done. Pretty close to the original game gameplay mechanics.Could enthrall you for hours
,Recommended,298050,28105738,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Fergas,Just one more turn of goodness.Simple and fun.
,Recommended,298050,29834176,Posted: 10 February,all,flurdy,"Loved the original MOOs and played a lot of other 4x clones. This retains the concept of the originals but up to date, very polished, and quite addictive. Yes the polish is achieved by removing a lot of edge case features but I like that."
76561197986143433,Recommended,298050,26326178,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Bardole,"gooood tbs , like old times.."
76561198320499109,Recommended,298050,26417502,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,ndstalley,"This is a great game with a few bugs. I would like if you could simulate being inside the starships. Otherwise this is a great game. The bugs are just making the game slow at times. Thanks, natdog."
76561197970678537,Recommended,298050,26570423,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,dimko,"I will keep it short: good reboot of the original MOO2.The game is very polished and enjoyable. Devs payed attention to some must-have (for me at least) details like: GNN, new colony animation, random events, easy to understand command queue.I have played many 4X games after MOO2 and I couldn't find one that I really enjoyed. The only exceptions are Endless Legend (not Endless Space) and now Master of Orion (the reboot).Pros: polished, rich animations, intuitive UI, devs obviously were fans of the originalCons: battles are not meant to be manually controlled. If you accept this you will save yourself a lot of grief."
76561198277793821,Recommended,298050,26697963,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,ImJoeKing,interesting game but if your looking to build up and empire go with Civ 6
,Recommended,298050,27618865,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Nogarth,Excellent game relived the original and easy to play. just click play
76561198005165100,Recommended,298050,27915087,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Crownregent,Truly amazing!!!! Im on gameplay through round 15 so far.Would advice friends to buy!!!!
76561198127011199,Recommended,298050,28476812,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,R. Vincent,"This game is really shaping-up and entering the level of game brilliance as with the other classic and modern titles of the 4X/Grand strategy space genre. Hence, it deserves a recommendation from me. (I will post a proper review once I reach at least 24 hrs play time.)"
76561198082469824,Recommended,298050,28586339,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,jamesweyandt89,this game is good its like the original lots of turns tech choices battle catastrophies everything i like in a game upgrades to stuff pirates  its all good make a war game like this like world war 2 or civil war  it would also be great keep up the awesome work ill buy it
76561198018768221,Recommended,298050,30821895,Posted: 29 March,all,calvin,its an ok game i do feel like its a little slow. 6/10
,Recommended,298050,25515566,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,MeHumble,Really enjoyed this game.
,Recommended,298050,25627305,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Swagnemite,Exellent game
76561198154183398,Recommended,298050,26439403,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,crystaltiger101,"Master of Orion isn't innovative to the genre of Space 4X like it used to be....But... if you've played all the other Space 4Xs like I have and your lust for galactic genocide still isn't sated, Master of Orion will give you some very happy moments!The gameplay is exactly like other turn based 4Xs; expand, manage, bide your time and plot your enemies demise.Pros:- I've never found a space 4X that you can conveinently terraform gas giants into usable planets with worker units.- Those same workers, Space Factories they are called, can construct planets out of asteroids. That is just cool as hell!- The voice acting and diplomacy screens are beautiful! Top drawer!(yet, the biggest pro and the reason to buy the game is one thing I've never seen in a Space 4X before, something I've craved for so long.....)- YOU CAN DESTROY ♥♥♥♥ING PLANETS WITH YOUR OWN DEATH STAR! Ah hem! I mean ""Doom Star"". It's very late tech tree but oh man is it satisfying. Suddenly the colony ships I had following my armada weren't even going to be used.... I made the Jedi weeep as I literally shattered the remaining planets my enemies held.Cons:-The AI to autobuild in your dozens of colonies is terrible. It kept pushing me into a deficit on the imperial level! It was unusable until the endgame as a race that doesn't use food when the autobuild decided to build each farming upgrade.-The main starmap looks terrible. I couldn't imagine a way to make it look more childish and generic.Overall, I would recommmend you get this one if you like fantasty galactic geneocide as much as I do!"
,Recommended,298050,26444479,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,wtfthisisnottinder,"This is a great game. It is also a different game to MOO2, albeit inspired by it. If you want MOO2, play MOO2.To me it feels like Stellaris for people with social lives: it's not as deep and a bit more light hearted. Although the strategic side of things is by no means neglected.A couple of things irritate me: there could be a bit more lore to all of it and the default score based victory condition is annoying. I like to beef up to the hilt before attempting a victory. Luckily you can turn the score victory condition off, when setting up a new game."
,Recommended,298050,29641666,Posted: 1 February,all,Prophet,"Just. Awesome. The complaints listed well, they're all wrong."
76561197960536051,Recommended,298050,29857225,Posted: 11 February,all,BIGSHaW,Consistent crashes in the late game and lack of auto save feature make it very disappointing and discouraging to replay with various nations. Overall a decent game
76561198053669026,Not Recommended,298050,21594532,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,saliddry,the combat mechanics totaly bugged...i just rage quited this game....it was my third playtrouhi had an Battleship design with 28 phasors  and no missles at all  cause that would have been even more OPto make it short i attacked marrshn homeworld to test my ship1vs 28  +  planet defenseof cause my ship wonBUT: the 28 phasor banks  dont work correctly ( ALL WEAPONS TO BE CORRECT)if my ship shoot on of the frigates  and that exploded after 3rd hit   it counted as 1 turn for ALL my 28 phasors...reload time again..not that the other 25 phasors shoot other ships.. NOOOOOO phasors fired turn  end.....same with point defense... did you notice the pd only fires at the FIRSt missle ....????it even keeps firing all pd lasers even if that missle allready gone boom and the shoot simply aim for the spot where it made boom!!AI to dumb to clean there own planets it seems ... invaded enemy planet without bombing so to speak at turn 1and they had 78% pollutioni bet the alkari and  psilons  poisened themselves  cause the alkari where realy spread out as they made first contacttrough map share i got the know all the now empy planets  there all gonemaarshn having 7 system    the lizard things 5on last gnn galatcic report i had 175 points the maarshn 48 and the lizards like 40......this game is total shareware right now dont know how want to go release in 3 months ...!!!!!!!
76561198338313094,Recommended,298050,28483438,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Dark cobra95,its alot of fun
76561197975392414,Not Recommended,298050,22218879,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Jinks,"This is NOT Master of Orion...like the game from the old days. It is just another 4x games clone.....same old same old. If you want turn based combat look somewhere else this is RTS and at this point its realy not good ship combat imho, but the game is not done yet so there is hope.Right now if I where you I would look up some other games out there that are done and got good reviews.I myself will check this out again when it is done, but atm I regret paying for the early acces. Sword of the Stars, Stardrive 2 with the expansion are far better then this one."
76561197971022746,Not Recommended,298050,25227336,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,vindicator,The game is shallow and will quickly be forgotten. People play 4x games not for easy train towards victory in each game unless something extraordinary happens. For game with already established lore and techs we got awful result with tablet-inspired UI - colorful aliens which role seems to be cheering kids up and real time combat without meaningful controls. Ships cant bombard planet while in tactical combat like in previous games of the series. Im surely wont buy any addons or DLCs to this piece of masterwork. In short - save your money and dont be disappointed like me.
76561198008885605,Not Recommended,298050,24716443,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Sagar,"I really like this game up until patches 46.4.X. This is when the game began to crash for me regularly, as in every 20 minutes or less. Before if I was playing a hugh game and was in it all days it might crash and I could understand that to a point. But now all the fun is gone as I have to contiunely redo truns as it blows up so fequently.All I got from support was don't run Defrag, yeah let I would and check the game cache.As I stated before I have been playing this game for some time, and yes I checked the game cache after the first support ticket. Since then I have also tried running the game on 2 other computer with the same results.After all this I think this game is not worth anyones time as they have not even made and effort to discuss or fix for sometime."
76561198046861565,Not Recommended,298050,23139432,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,SvYaT,Impossible to lose in single player . Impossible to have fun in multiplayer . Go buy Stellaris . That's all you need to know about this game.
76561198030524929,Not Recommended,298050,25252561,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,tylerjdp,"I'll first say if I could give this game a mixed review I would at least until a few things are presumably cleaned up in patches or expansions.The reboot of MOO is very streamlined mostly to good effect but in some cases detriment.Pluses:starlanes create tactical options.Don't have to micromanage ships and to a lesser extent planets most of the time.For the most part game just gets you to the fun.Artwork is good.The races have fun puns in their dialogue.NegativesRaces and replays have no personality and little difference between them.Lots of ""bugs"" where you can kill each others ships without war, races that are good friends will declare war without warning, redundant items exist in the race creator, and other minor things.Music is repetativeThe game is fun for fans of the genre, however I can't help but feel underwhelmed by combat, diplomacy, and the overall game.  Consider this a tepid yes for fans but no for everyone else. With the $40 price tag I wish I could pay another $20 and get a more complete feeling game."
76561198077418041,Not Recommended,298050,25256751,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,vauntedchaos,No Tactical Combat in Multiplayer games.  Kind of a major part of the game that is missing IMO.
,Not Recommended,298050,21644589,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,shizo,"Hey everyone, so here are my 2 centsIm a big moo fan from the first minute, even played moo3 plus mods for a long timeNothing ever reached moo2 though...that said i don't get why ??? didn't they implement Turn based Combat??    WHY real time??   Ship design is almost obsolete or doesn't pay off fun wise so to say..The rest of the game feels fine and ok..   just travel distance mechanics are not there???Anyways, i hope there will be a way to implement turn base combat somehow!!!I'd like to have a story mode for singleplayer with mysteries to discover and please no funny psilons!!, seriously why is their voice and appearance try so hard to make them funny ??  id really doesn't add to my immersion while playing a Star Lordfinal word: just not happy yetcheers o/"
76561198022155387,Not Recommended,298050,23695382,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,madyena,So months later anda few more Early acess updates and not much better.  Polishis nicer but the game play the rts is so offensive and clunky its just as if the devlopers are spittign directly inthe eyes of the fans and goign  ha ha. its vexes me because iloved the orginals so much and this game ahas so much right  itslike gettinga lovel gourmet meal witha big stringing turd right in the center.  you cant just eat around the turd it totally ruins the exsperience. I inall honest really feel that stronlgy iam regrettign paying money for this game by ths point becaue the combat is so lousy so please gamers friends of mine  do not feed the trolls dont give this game money.Dont be fooled by the polish and slick grpahics and lovely voice acting under all that polish is an Ai thats brutal even on the most easy settings. While the music is great it feels to soft and gentle for say combat scenarios. The Ai players are difficult to work with and suddenly allies  staret attacking you out of the blue for no appearnt reason  even if your keeping your diplomancy up. The game relies on toomuchmincromanagment andits hard to get to the fun techs and actually be able to use them. and above all else ther tactical combat is stupid. Its really clunky and hard to work with.Please guys most of this other stuff is easily forgiven but please fix the ai so its playable and please make that ugly awful tactical combat away and give us back out nice fun turnbased combay jsut give us more polish on that  otherwise theonly way yo play is withauto combat and if your goingto do that you might as well given us galatic civiizations.I am tough on thiis game even if its early acess because Moo2 had sucha big place in my heart. Alos please get rid of the  stock exchange crap its adding to that micromangment clunky feel of this game.
76561197977357623,Not Recommended,298050,21831126,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,B0BATR0N,"The AI is awful, like unforgivably bad. It's a shame because the design on the whole seems decent to me and I am a MOO devotee (been playing MOO and MOO2 for around 20 years). It's definitely rough the edges and that's fine, it's early access, I have some faith that they will address many of the issues that other reviewers have noted (lack of diversity in the races' play-styles being my biggest other concern). I have real concerns about the AI though, it's so bad I'm not sure it can be fixed, I hope I'm proved wrong and I'll certainly update this review if I am."
76561198092657429,Recommended,298050,28130545,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,richardsonja,lots of fun and always improving!
,Recommended,298050,25416828,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Triton Nxva,"""A new chapter in the epic Master of Orion saga is poised to once again capture the imaginations of millions of gamers."" I couldn't have said it better myself."
76561197992302444,Recommended,298050,26232030,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,oyvsm,"I would love to have anything to say about this version. But I can't, since the game won't start. It just stops whan I choose Sinle player. There's just a planet spinning in the background, and no menu option."
76561198004252888,Recommended,298050,26362873,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,dkjensen25,"If you loved Master of Orion 1 and 2 you will love this game.  However, if you have no fond memories of those days, this is still an excellent game.  Quick to get into and plenty going on to challenge."
76561198008225825,Recommended,298050,28550354,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Daxius,as good as 1 and 2
,Not Recommended,298050,25235835,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Sackon,"It's a fun game, but it's lacking in content at the moment.  Wait for a sale or for some updates."
76561197985012322,Not Recommended,298050,21555362,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Tyrion Lannister,"As a huge fan of 4X strategy games and a big fan of MOO2, I was excited for this reboot.  Unfortunately, I just put in my refund request.  I hope this is a good game in the future, but as it stands, this is a very shiny package (graphics, cutscenes, and voice acting) with very little underneath the hood.  The strategic depth just isn't there, and so I can't recommend that you spend $50 on this title unless you're (1) a diehard fan; and (2) have faith that the developers will eventually produce a complete product."
,Not Recommended,298050,22254703,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Imricdaelf120741,"*Edited for EA7, Aug 18. Release expected Aug 25.*This game is not finished by a long shot. However, it looks done and that has convinced the higher-ups to stop bleeding money and release an unfinished project. I don't recommend purchasing the game unless it's on sale or after the first one or two patches are released.Overall, it's a shiny tablet version of MoO, dumbed down but full of tedious micromangement.Pros-Excellent audio and visuals.Real Time combat & Squads provide a fix for the old combat failures (but bring their own issues to light).Game feels like the old ones, but is very different at the same time. In a good way.Ship design is confusing but once you figure it out it works nicely.Cons-Combat still has things to work out, most important is a lack of information and the lack of difference between beam weapons.AI is pathetically weak or extremely aggressive. Mixed reports. AI has come a long way since EA1. Almost there.Diplomacy *still* feels useless.Random events are lacking.Antarens? Plot? Orion system discovery?Custom races are weak and held back by the developers intentionally.Spying...*everything**Edit*  The lead dev has a vision that doesn't coexist with the majority of long time MoO fans. In my opinion, he is the reason this game feels like a tablet version with shiny graphics and voices.Audio-I love the audio except in combat.- Combat - I think I heard some lasers. Can we have different audio files for different weapons please? That would significantly add to customizeability and replayability. It gets old hearing the same weapon audio a few thousand times. Engines and specials could have their own audio too.Visuals- Everything looks fancy.- Then you see the same buildings on the same planets and all of a sudden you've got 30+ gaia planets with the same exact layout.  This is not important, but would be nice.- Ships - PLEASE add many many many more ship designs. I love Psilons but why do I have flying saucers with purple paint or crop circles? That's ridiculous and is an immense turn-off. If I'm going to get 3D realtime battles, I sure as♥♥♥♥♥♥want more than two ship designs to look at. Especially if I have a long range ship and a short range ship that look the same.- Battlefields are terrible. Some nebulae gas clouds and some asteroids on a blank canvas. Cinematic view or bust.UI- If you've played MoO2 and other 4x space-strategy games, you're familiar with this UI.- Combat UI - Come a long way since EA1 but would still like actual tooltips or detailed information. Works well enough however and once you figure it out it's nice.- Ship Upgrade UI - *almost* there. Again, come leaps and bounds since the beginning. A few minor kinks to work out but for the most part works very nice.Combat- The AI thinks ""run in and shoot"" is intelligent. As such, creating specialized roles or a diverse fleet is useless if you don't manually fight every battle. A cruiser with nothing but missiles and torpedoes should not be rushing off to the front lines. Battleships with displacement devices should actually use them instead of lumbering along while everyone else dies in agony in the midst of the fray.- Pew pew, shoot the asteroids! Ohnoes, they shot the asteroid I ran into three times! Pathing AI could be more intelligent.- Ships refuse to keep their minimum engagement distance, so you end up with a cluster♥♥♥♥.- Invading is rather pointlessResearch- Tech tree is great....but feels like Civ VDiplomacy- I'm not sure the devs will figure out how to make a properly working diplomacy AI before release. Maybe after.Random Events- Few and far between. Please add more, and add a failsafe so that I don't get three or four negatives in a row while no one else gets anything.- Sometimes really cool. Sometimes your planets get ♥♥♥♥ed over. I like it.Specials/Monsters- Oh look, a monster. Well, they're probably not even guarding anything worthwhile anyway. Let's just ignore them till mid-game when I can slaughter them.- Why the F did you nerf Orions Guardian? Such a terrible idea, especially in EA7.- Planet specials are...almost useless.- Anomalies are cool and a nice addition, but add more of them.Antarens- ...wait, there aren't any?Orion- I love getting all four techs, this is a wonderful change. BUT YOU NERFED THE CRAP OUT OF IT SO WHO CARES. Not even worth the effort for one decent planet in the entire system.AI- Where's the backstabbing? The aggressive expansion? Underhanded cheap tricks (otherwise known as commonsense to the AI)?  *There it is, finally showed up* Now fix it so we don't get mercilessly slaughtered immediately upon discovering a species.- The AI is capable of doing well on it's own, but makes few decisions in terms of other players. As it is now, the AI won't attack me while my forces are on the other side of my empire just because...well I don't know why.- AI needs to be significantly more aggressive in each races' respective ideology. I.E. expansionists need to expand instead of twiddle their thumbs because they were blocked in on one side. Humans should be diplomatic monstrosities and making treaties/friends/etc....I ran out of room!!"
76561198063255640,Not Recommended,298050,21556858,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Minago,Its really fun. Combat isnt really interactive but it is fun to watch. Even though this game is in alpha I think people who like 4x space strategy games should buy it.Edit: I can no longer play the game. Whenever the game launches it crashes. There is no fix and the community is dead. Dont buy this game
76561198029072236,Not Recommended,298050,21651886,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Jaradiel,"I love it. It is just like playing the original Orion, with a few changes here and there to update it. The original races are there, with a promise of more to come, but I do wish one could customize a race like Orion 2. Seeing this is an early release, there are surprisingly few issues with it, A few things that need work is that I've not been able to terraform a volcanic planet yet, I hope this comes in future updates. Also, the Guardian is too weak, I beat it with just 4 battleships, losing only one. The guardian should be a lot more powerful. Another thing that would add to the game (and be true to the original if I remember correctly, if that wasn't MoO2) is that once you grow more powerful Orion may launch surprise attacks at any race unbalancing the universe too much. But I really miss the turn-based combats, I hope they will be next to be included.As of the latest update, if you choose a larger planet than normal you get the gravity penalty to all production, halving food, production and science. The penalty is too big to compensate for the late game profit of having a large or huge planet. This is reason enough to change the rating from positive to negative, since the starting planet (even by biologial reasoning) should always be considered normal gravity, with no exceptions; after all that is the gravity the race you choose is used to.Another update is that custom races are available, but cannot be saved, still a miss from the developers. And finally, older games cannot be replayed or continued, so there's no backward compatibility between game versions.With the laterst updates I'm starting to question de competence of the game designers, and whether they should be replaced... after all the last updates made the game so much worse that the rating changed from positive to negative, and I'm considering a refund. In any case, I will change my review on other sites to ""do not buy"" now.After going commercial there are some improvements, however, the perks ""huge starting planet"" and ""heavy gravity"" still need to be merged. This is a very stupid thought that these are separate, I cannot think of one reason a race with a huge home world would have a grvity penalty; huge world=high gravity, no discussion possible, so that still needs fixing. Whomever had these two separated should be fired for an utter lack of intelligence and understanding of physics. There are a lot of better ways to fix that imbvalance that causes, and it is more efficient as well, just contact me for details (and credits of course)Then there is another issue, which is actually a big fail on the side of the devs: if defending your planets, all ships should have a possibility to place, at any point on the map. No auto-placement, but ANY point. After all, yau are defending, and can deploy forces wherever you see fit. Especially with Antaran attacks, you have 5 turns warning, so REMOVE the FCKN aout-placement, and allow full tactical deployment of ships on the map. This is evidence of hiding poor AI programming, and that the devs are essentially incompetent to provide proper AI.Later updates of the game have corrected the gravity issue, however it is now most useful to start with a low gravity small homeworld with a 50% production boost and more points wherever you need. These devs seem to utterly fail to grasp the concept of balance, even in a relatively simple game like this, and I am sorry to say my negative review remains negative. What I fail to grasp is that a (presumably) intelligent team can come up with this type of poor balance of the game. Perhaps they should fire some game designers and hire some from Blizzard. At least they get balance a lot better done than these clowns. And I HATE clowns."
76561198298090230,Recommended,298050,26475914,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Foghorn Leghorn,"Its fun, I like it."
,Recommended,298050,27917745,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Pedo Sandwich,Would recommend its really fun
76561198254689337,Recommended,298050,29929622,Posted: 14 February,all,KingMaxy,"well its pretty fun. there should really be more custom ship appearances or a build your own ship design. all the old races from all the games too, i mean really expand!"
76561197960272327,Not Recommended,298050,21650006,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,GrenadeMagnet6,"The game looks nice and is mostly stable, but still needs a lot of work.  The User interface is clunky and missing a lot of features to make gameplay efficient.  The AI is not very well developed at this point.  I would hold off on purchase until after the Early Access phases are over and what the general reviews of the finished game are like.I'll come back and revise my review after Early Access is complete, if the game significantly improves by then.EDIT: after a month you can see from my ""how helpful"" review score how diametrically opposed the game's followers are.To re-iterate, you are better off just waiting for the release, perhaps instead watch the youtube videos of game play to see if this is a good game for you or not.    I suspect casual strategy gamers may like this game and play it a few times.   For more hardcore 4X gamers this game will probably be too simple and very easy to beat the AI, based on players' feedback from the hardest difficulty settings.  Based on that assessment one certainly doesn't want to pay full price for this game.As of the EA 2 release the AI still has issues.EDIT:  Updated for EA 5.  I still find the game very annoying to play.  The zooming around on the galaxy map is inconsistent and difficult to control.  I don't like the inconsistencies in their Racial Traits overhaul.  For whatever reason they made the Alkari inherit traits that the Mrrshan used to have (bonus for attacks), and give no explanation why.Maybe mod-makers can fix this game once NGD Studios has taken their hands off of it.EDIT:  At this point I'm done: I don't believe these developers will ever get the game to a state where I will enjoy it.  I arrived at this conclusion after reading all the explanations from the developers about the various changes they made for EA 5 for colonization and custom races and for tactical combat. Their decisions with each EA phase are erratic and don't show any sound methodology to their designs.Also their QA is atrocious for each phases' new features and redesigns they arbitrarily come up with.  The game is a nice-looking mess and it's a shame Wargaming got their hands on this IP to begin with."
76561198024801852,Not Recommended,298050,23506193,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,dbp091962,"So played this for quite qa few hours (for about a week and a half).  Got fairly far into the end game and then took a break.  Was away for a little bit and just fired it up to play again.  Nope won't load my saved files as ""they are from a different version of the game"".  Seriously???It was OK, very similar to the original but without some fo the charm, but much better graphics.  Played the original and MOO2 extensively when they came out.  This doesn't have the replay value.  Maybe I've just gotten jaded (though I can still fire up the old version and play it and enjoy it) but this missed the boat."
76561198049013991,Not Recommended,298050,22307859,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,eichen,"I will get the things I don't like out of the way first:1) The landing cut scenes are crap. The ship is way off in the distance and yet it is shown as if they are flying in front of the trees that are right in front of the camera (from your point of view). I am not a game programer by any means, but this is just lazy and shows either that they don't have much in the way of quality control or just have not gotten around to fixing it yet (I hope it is the later).2) Landing scenes part 2: No ship sounds...just music. I hope this gets changed. I have tried turning down the music, but the ships just float down without sound. Also, when the ships get ready to land...no landing struts? The scene just cuts out (and some of the designs don't look like the will land too well...with parts that will be buried deep into the ground and cause the ship to crash!)3) The Psilon AI (helper) voice is the MOST annoying voice in the game. No way to shut off the AI helper yet. Please get rid of the Psilon AI voice or change it's tone. Too shrill (IMO).4) Sol, the home system of the Humans usually only starts with 1 planet? I'm pretty sure our Solar System has more than one. Also, along that same note, I have yet to play a game where your starting system has more than one planet that you can use. Sure, late game tech lets you change gas giants and asteroid belts into planets, but that doesn't help you to start off.5) There needs to be more options under advanced options: Such as: Minimum planets per system and Max per system. I have had several games where I found yellow stars (which should generally hold the best planets) without any planets. Also, needed: 1) Distance between star systems, 2) A ""Huge"" galazy size, 3) Difficulty setting for each AI (some species are more aggressive than others). 4) The abiity to customize your ship types (the models shown. I love playing the Psilons, but hate their ship shapes). 5) The ability to choose your empire color and flag.6) Combat right now is a major sore point for many players. Some absolutely hate real time and want the turn based of the original MOO. Others are on the other side of the fence. I like both ways personally. However, The orders for the ships need to be fleshed out a great deal more. I don't want my long range missle armed ships to closed to point blank range. There also should be a chance to get some tech points or something from wreckage I think (maybe have to have a salvage drone on your ships?).7) Asteroid belts need to have a chance to have some kind of bonus (have rare metals (bonus production/research if a base is built) or artifacts or something. Right now, they can be explored...but I have yet to find anything special about them.8) Ship designer needs to have an option to edit your military bases and star bases. Right now the computer chooses what tech to place on your bases and it will upgrade it, but if you have choosen a missle heavy approach and beam weak...the beams on your station won't due you a whole lot of good will they?).9) Ship designer needs to have more stats about the weapons. When I am building my ship, I want to see the range of the weapon I am placing on the ship. I would also like to be able to test my ship (either against another design of mine or against known ships that are out there), before I start building a fleet of them.10) The tech tree is a bit limited. There are no race specific techs and some of the explanation for the techs are wrong. Example: Cloning centers should increase your growth by a certain percent. Yet for months they are listed (and any other structure that is supposed to give a bonus to growth as well) as -x%, not +x%.11) The game in general feels very watered down. No artifacts that you can discover on planets that give bonus tech, ships or credits (though there are some things floating around in space that you can pick up, rare though).12) The game stutters some (like all WG platforms I think). I have a 2.67Ghz i7, 24GB Ram, Geforce GTX-980 (not the crappy version).Okay, the pros:1) If you are a fan of 4x, you will like this game. Is it 100% ready? No. I would say it is about 70-80% there (I hope they are going to flesh it out a bit more).2) The graphics (when they get them right) are good.3) The special effects of battle are good (when you can zoom in and see them).4) The replay value is good, however, it can get boring since parts are still missing.Overall, I would rate this game a 6.5/10. It has the potential to be a 9. If future patches change my opinion, I will update the review. However, I am personally waiting for Stellaris to come out on May 9th. That game seems to be just fricking awesome. Disappointed on how WG seems to have dropped the ball on this game."
76561198041730812,Not Recommended,298050,23384005,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,mahaw03,Might become a good game one day but as is not a great experience. Lots of balancing issues and random bugs make it almost unplayable.
76561198169378044,Not Recommended,298050,22209519,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Buddy Dee's Ghost,"Don't bother with this game unless:1. you have a huge monitor and great eyesight2. you like leaning forward every two minutes in your gaming chair to read miniscule text3. the developers fix the small UI issueThe game looks like it might be playable if the developers do something about this small UI (WHICH they morally OUGHT to do given the 50$ pricetag).    But as of the latest EA release, they are saying that ""there were no problems reported with the UI"".  This is a bald-face lie since I have complained numerous times  on the feedback discussions along with quite a few other gamers who have mid range monitors and video cards.Now, mind you, I'm not some guy trying to play this game on his 8 inch RCA tablet.  I got a Maingear custom machine this last summer and I'm running a 21'5 inch widescreen off a NV970 GTX with 4 Gs.The font only comes close to readable when I set my monitor res to 1900 and THEN start the game from there.  Otherwise, everytime I try to play it I end up straining both my eyes and back.For 50$ the devs really need to get off their cans and fix the Ui problem.  In fact, I recommended to them at one point that they go for a nice retro cartoonish interface in order to capture the spirit of the original MOO games, but at this point I'd settle for something that was comfortable to read.Also - they look like they dont want to address the planet and ship ""leader"" feature that helped give MOO2 its own unique character, even though counless people on the ""feedback"" have recommended it.  In short, I don't feel like this company cares about the legend of MOO2.  The devs probably haven't even played it.Put it this way GC 2 is a far superior and more thoughtful game to this in its current state.  When I see something other than proof that the company just wants to just make money off the MOO franchise, I might change my opinion.  But right now, I feel like I've been bamboozled out of 50$."
76561197975480480,Not Recommended,298050,25241157,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,MonkeyFuzz (FFJay),"Up front, I'll acknowledge that I only played the game for less than an hour, but versus MOO2 and other available games I felt I had already found enough to be done with this game.- Star lanes.  The game doesn't let your ships fly just wherever you'll order them to go within a maximum range.  Instead, there are definite paths between star systems that the game chooses for you.  You must follow them, creating a strategic layout that is remarkably worse than MOO2 offered.- Simplified interface.  The game feels like it's been streamlined excessively.  The strategic depth and decision making that you'll find in other 4Xs, like Space Empires IV, Civilization IV & 5 just aren't here."
,Not Recommended,298050,21939044,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,ThickSauce,"I'll preface this by saying that I've never played any of the previous games.This game is WAY too easy on the normal difficutly (which is the only one available at the time I wrote this). I played on a Large, Old, Spiral Galaxy with no end date and won with absolute ease. Basically I started boxed in with one other faction by unstable warp points. After crushing them I pretty much colonized unopposed for 300-400 turns. By the time I met the remaining factions I was so powerful that I was able to bully them all to vote for me on the council and won the game WITHOUT EVEN BEING ABLE TO REACH THEM. While I think the game's a lot of fun, the ease with which I, a 4x neophyte, dominated kind of spoiled it all in the end. Unless they do a MASSIVE overhaul of the AI or the harder settings are lightyears more difficult than Normal, I won't play this game again. If they do, however, I'll glady give it another go.Long story short, don't buy the early access, wait for the full release and check reviews and Let's Plays to see if they've fixed it.Also, if the devs are listening, GET RID OF UNSTABLE WARP POINTS! I hate them."
76561198003074687,Not Recommended,298050,22644598,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Top Cat 3005,"I'm sure this game would be wonderful, if I could get past the EULA accept screen. Res is bugged on mac (or at least the version I'm running - MBP2015)"
76561198082484534,Not Recommended,298050,24703852,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,joshuaterry4504,"too imbalanced to make it fun...  Still glitchy, however, that's to be expected at this point.  TONS of little complaints, and not many positives so far.  Too much like MOO2, just prettier."
,Not Recommended,298050,21593848,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Sigent,"After playing 4x games for.....decades at this point, I still list MoO2 among one of the best I have ever played. After playing the remake, I can't help but feel extremely disappointed. Looking down the discussions list, I really do question what people VALUE out of this genre.I do have a big problem with the lack of tactical combat. I think it's a damn shame. However, I will avoid talking about the lack of turn based combat, you can find about a thousand topics about that fairly easilly. But what about everything else that seems to be so poorly thought out and designed, or just plain doesn't follow what established Master of Orion as a great 4x IP?To start: Star Lanes.Why? There was already a very logical method to travel in MoO. Do you have X amount of fuel? Great, you can move Y amount of parsecs. If you can't get to a system you want to get to, you either make a priority out of fuel research, or build an outpost, which is also good for your ship count. This made exploration a much more active affair, forcing you to change your build order/priorities based on the system that was generated. Star Lanes are boring for exploration. Just mindlessly click the next thing on the path you've taken. Fuel also brings me to the next thing:Research.Simplified into (or copy/pasted from) Civilization. I like civ, but not as a 4x space game, which should take research very seriously. Research was half of what made MoO interesting. You COULD NOT know everything, unless you were creative, which was an ungodly expensive race trait (which got even more expensive after a patch). To know as much as you could, you had to trade. Or steal. Or invade. The ""branched"" techs in this remake are shallow, and boil down to extremely superficial choices of numbers (get more industry, or more research. Woohoo). In MoO 1 and 2, the choice was very difficult. Like mentioned above, you needed fuel. New fuel was often one of three researches, and the others in the same pool could be very useful, but if you wanted to fly farther, you had to make sacrifices. I don't feel like any of the remake's branched techs make you sacrifice much of anything. However, one in particular caught my eye, and that brings me to my next point:DiplomacyWhy, oh why, is the ability to make a trade or research treaty stuck behind a tech choice? The other race, upon viewing my ship, called me up on my space phone and told me that they wanted to lay their eggs in my stomach. Could I not figure out how to say the word ""trade"" in their language? The method by which you do diplomacy also seems to be lifted directly from Civ, from the interface to the presentation of the alien race, lounging in their background of choice and talking at you as you decide how best to screw them over. What about the audience screen from MoO2? Or the holoconference from MoO3 (one of the few decent things from MoO3...)?CosmeticsGone are the days of HR Giger inspired artwork. I understand why, it's hard to have art that detailed in a full 3D environment, but much of the game looks to be constructed of clay and coated in KBToys brand plastics. I won't say much on how the game looks, as that is as deep into opinion as I care to go, but I will say that for a PC exclusive game, I expect it to look much better.All in all, I really think MoOremake is still in desperate need of work. Of course, we all know the game is easy access, and much will probably be changed. However, I doubt any of the changes will be drasticly different from what we see before us now."
76561198072911252,Not Recommended,298050,21503661,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,cendre_debrume,"First off, as a gamer, I love turn based games in general: CIV, Endless, X-Com. I've been playing for more then 2 decades now and I loved MOO. I'm a casual gamer, a fan of the actors voice playing this game, but not a fanatic or a power monger. Keep this in mind as you read my review as you may or may not have the same playing style.Second, this is Early Access and REALLY not suited for casual gamers.I do not recommand this game at the moment for gamers who are like me; casual, micro-managing and graphics oriented. To those, I say get the Endless equivalent for now if you must, cause the early access is more for passionate gamers who don't mind the ""serious"" lack of depth, dumb down everything, semi unpolished graphics, limited everything (again and always, only one leader per race, usually male). Don't beleive the vid about interstellar battles, they look nothing like that...for now. Just tiny ships moving about in RT and cheaply shooting at each other. That said, I've yet to encounter a bug.Things to do on this game:- Polish the leader, planets and buildings on planets graphics. They just look like meh spheres with badly drawn structures here and there, like warts added to the surface of the foggy planetary graphics. Honestly, I think MOO 3 looked better then this.- Make the tactical space battles MUCH nicer to look at, with command choices and either turn based and/or with a less pathetic flow to it.- I know that more leaders are coming, but so far they are soooo shallow! There's no...connection to the races and of course, you're limited to THAT leader (with no pics while playing), usually male, and his/her point of view.- Choice of empire color; I know it seems silly, but its a choice the gamer can make and it SHOULD be simple to add.-More, more, more 3D graphics! MOO is an old title, but a NEW game, yet it looks and feels cheap compared to others of its type. Seriously, look at the difference between the old X-com and the new one!"
76561197968768348,Not Recommended,298050,25192099,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Renown,Love me some space games. Yet M00 is below average in almost every dimension. One of my few regrets for EA games...
76561198076299897,Not Recommended,298050,25261767,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,eartharioch,"1) No Manual2) Random Events can't be disabled, making this game take longer (and provide less fun) than Speed Minesweeper.[Edit]3) No way to disable intro movies/ads"
,Not Recommended,298050,31819856,Posted: 18 May,all,Rainer Zufall,Getting bored very fast :/
76561197979753277,Not Recommended,298050,22755063,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Eldril Sidewinder,Feels stale and unoriginal at this point.  I can't recommend.  Uninspired tech tree with very few choices.  Annoying broadcasts.  Diplomacy with no depth.
76561197965853328,Not Recommended,298050,21587664,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,jova,"+good UI and overall look of the game++similar addiction as the old games in terms of 4X (just one more turn)-i know its EA, but its still too quiet in space besides a couple anomalies...--AI ,Diplomacy and Research needs to improve alot!---no TBS!Sadly there are no tactics in the battles except for pausing the combat via spacebar and repositioning your fleet.I had hopes that they will implement TBS as an ""option"" later , but that hope died with this podcast :http://explorminate.net/2016/02/23/strategic-expanse-chris-keeling-of-wargaming/(at 10:08Min)Everyone who want fast games with less thinking can go ahead, but sadly its not MoO and therefore I can't give a thumbs up."
76561198011783293,Not Recommended,298050,21996748,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Ninjai,"if ur 12 or less buy it,if u like a game to be simple, buy itif u want MOS well this is not it"
,Not Recommended,298050,22341972,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,ProudCanadian,"Uninspired reboot of MOO2 (not MOO1) with poorly designed galaxy map mechanics(April 10th 2016 - review based on playing EARLY ACCESS, SECOND STAGE release)The developers of the new game are promoting it as ""a worthy successor"" to the original Master of Orion, and that's why I purchased it. Based on the current release, it isnot a worthy successor to the original. In fact, it seems to have far more in common with Master of Orion 2 than the original.MY TAKE ON THE ORIGINAL GAMESI'm old enough to say that I played all the original Master of Orion games when they were new. I played MOO1 when I was in university and spent an obscene number of hours on it, sometimes missing classes after playing all night. I purchased MOO2 back when games came in a box with CD-ROMs and a printed manual. I did the same when MOO3 was released.MOO3 was pure crap, so I won't even discuss it. MOO2 was fun, but lost much of the 'epic' feel of the original. The UI in MOO2 was clearly worlds beyond what was in MOO1. The atmospheric background music in MOO2 was excellent. MOO1 is still my favourite though. It was released in the early 90's, and a PC from that era had less horsepower than a cheap smartphone of today, so the graphics, sounds and UI look horrible now. Despite that, MOO1 really captured the feeling of starting small in a big galaxy, expanding in all directions to stake your claim for more, and eventually fighting for it. One of the best things about MOO1 was how the tech 'tree' was different in each game. Each race was only able to research a random subset of all the available techs. The rest could only be obtained via trading, espionage, or conquest. That was brilliant. It made the game very replayable and unpredictable, and forced you to adapt if your preferred early-game techs were not open to be researched.MOO2 dumbed-down some core mechanics from MOO1. In MOO2, you were limited to a number of ships less than the overall 'Command Points' for your empire. The tiniest ship size cost 1 CP per ship, and the biggest cost 6 CP per ship. The number of CPs in the late game was often small, like low 100's. Late game MOO2 fleets were not very epic.The new game closely resembles MOO2 in several ways. Most notable is the boring always-the-same tech tree (even tech names). They also kept the Command Points.BAD AND GOOD STUFF IN THE NEW GAMEBad - Galaxy map and scale of the galaxyI really hate the way they implemented the galaxy map.The scale of the galaxy vs individual star systems is just BAD! To compare with a modern 4X game that gets it right, look at Distant Worlds (also available on Steam). That game has it's own set of problems, but capturing the system vs galaxy scale is not one of them. You can zoom all the way in to individual planets, then way way way out to see the entire galaxy, and it feels right. Master of Orion feels totally wrong. For example, moving a ship from one side of a system to the other side often gives you vision of the adjacent system on that side. Isn't the size of a star system insignificant compared to the distance between stars? On the other hand, let's say the size of a star system is vast. Then why does any 'move' within any star system always take exactly one turn, regardless of the system size? This mechanic is goofy and really needs improvement. It makes the game feel cheesy.Star systems are connected by fixed 'warp paths' that are pre-determined at the start of the game. If there is no warp path between two systems, then it means you can't go there. It doesn't matter if those systems are right next to each other on the galaxy map. It makes the galaxy map seem like its just a nice graphic drawn over a simplistic graph of lines connecting points that I'm forced to follow. You may only enter and exit a star system via a 'warp point', which is one end of a 'warp path'. This mechanic isn't fun and makes the game seem like a low-quality app.Building a 'Military Outpost' (kind of a mini-starbase) on top of a warp point completely prevents opponents' ships from entering the star system at that warp point, unless they destroy it in battle. Come again? Space is pretty vast, right? Why not just go AROUND the outpost? Whenever you start a combat with one of them, you start out of range, so why not just fly around. These Military Outposts are available right at the start of the game. Lame.There is no concept of 'ship range' or 'fuel'. Any ship can explore around in space indefinitely, and go anywhere that there are 'warp paths' to follow. This includes the scout ships you start with on the first turn of the game.Midway through the tech tree, you can get a tech called 'Warp Gates' that makes a joke of the whole 'warp paths' concept. Any system where you build a Warp Gate is now considered to have a 'warp path' to every other system you own that also has a Warp Gate. Why not just do away with both of these cheesy concepts, introduce fuel/range back into the game (like MOO1/MOO2), and allow fleets to travel anywhere that is within their range.Bad - Boring tech treeThe new game has stuck with the terrible MOO2-style tech tree, even keeping many of the technology names. The tech path in MOO1 was possibly the best thing about that game. Each play-through gave you a different set of techs you were allowed to research, and there were more of them than in MOO2. If you've played and enjoyed MOO1, you'll know what I'm talking about. The new game should have kept this.Good StuffThe new game does have some aspects that I like.The fleet battles look good, even though this part of the game isn't finished yet. The options for controlling your own fleet are still somewhat limited. Ships in your fleet that are the same ship model are grouped together in combat when you issue orders. You can choose from different formations, each giving unique combat bonuses. The fleet combat looks great. Each type of weapon looks and sounds unique. When you hit a ship/starbase with shields, you'll see the shield impacts. When a ship/base starts to take a lot of hull damage, it will start to look like its on fire inside the hull. This part of the game is headed in the right direction.You get diminishing returns when you assign many of a planet's population to Farming and/or Industry. Each planet also has a fixed number of production slots on each production type (Research, Farming, Industry), and the number of slots depends on the planet size. This usually prevents you from putting all of the population on either Farming or Industry. I like how that works.More industrial production causes more pollution. If you allow the pollution to get out of control and it reaches 100% polluted, then that planet will be permanently reduced to the next lower category of 'biome' (like Terran downgraded to Swamp). Your three options to prevent this are: a) research tech that reduces generated pollution; b) spends turns on 'cleanup' (which is lost production time); c) build things more slowly, so production stays below the threshold where pollution accumulates. This game mechanic makes sense and is a good addition.Production queues are a thing. Done better than MOO2.I'm mostly indifferent about the sci-fi celebrity voice actors. They recruited heavy hitters like Mark Hamill, half the cast of Star Trek TNG, and even the pilot from Serenity. I hope they didn't spend a lot of the development budget on this frivolous aspect of the game. I'm embarrassed for Michael Dorn, that he was forced to read some of the uber-crap dialogue (wait for the narration after you bomb a pirate base - /facepalm...) The exception to this is the funny Galactic News Network anchor robot that is voiced by Dwight Schultz (the actor who played Lt Barclay in Star Trek) - love it!"
76561198025354235,Not Recommended,298050,25258261,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,aqm,"sorry wasn't impressed got refundget the moo2 and moo1 pack, excellent value for money and much better than the new one, which is pretty and sounds good, but isn't fun and needs annoying features and needless manual tasks removestotal biscuit explains everything much better than me see his review, if they fixed that stuff he mentioned i;d considering rebuying as i really wanted to love this game"
76561197995431883,Recommended,298050,28131868,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,[ASSMaster] Zytron,This game absolutly Kicks♥♥♥♥♥..!!!  This is the best Master of Orion ever...!!!
76561198144355690,Recommended,298050,28151944,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Alpine261,i mlike it
,Recommended,298050,30111379,Posted: 22 February,all,sonyguy,its pretty fun so far loving it.
76561198049549195,Not Recommended,298050,21635715,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,oldwolf,"well its not even ready for early access..cant change difficulty levels. the level you do have, well the enemy dont even try to attack to make it challenging. considering the game has been out for like 20 years already ..you should have used orion 2 for a starting point. i paid alot of money for a game thats not as good as orion 2"
,Not Recommended,298050,22918392,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Jenner,"Having more fun in Stellaris.The animations and voice acting in this are great, but it just hasn't grabbed me like I thought it would. I'll come back to it later after EA, but for now it's just not something I want to fire up."
,Not Recommended,298050,25217790,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Wilddemoncat,"Misses the spot badly, some good things in here, but feels dead and lifeless. Not to mention over simplified.Somethings wrong with a game when on hardest settings, biggest map, Spiral, most AI's its a total Freaking cake walk............. 0 Challange, and very annoying spy system, ""friendly"" tiny empire next to me with only 2 systems and I have 30+ planets and they spy spam me, caught spy or 3 every turn. over and over till I wipe them out."
76561198030732439,Not Recommended,298050,21592759,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,pperkin2,"I always liked the game, but there are a few bugs right now, my battleships only fire about three times before they turn sideways and just take punishment without firing back, also tried to register and sign inwargaming.netaccount and can't get past there I am a person guess the numbers crap."
,Not Recommended,298050,22279125,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,"Raldo Brantz, Hypertech Nanomage",Baby's 1st 4x
76561197991645907,Not Recommended,298050,25204491,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Autism Module,>2016>You can't issue exploring paths via shift or other keys.>You can't issue queue in research screen via shift or other  key.That is all you have to know about Master of Orion: Remake.
76561197995530955,Not Recommended,298050,22400601,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Kref,"Well, this game should have a name: MOO 2 HD: the down syndrome.One of the previous reviews of this game started with a postulate like that: ""You are a Psilon now... I don't care that you are called Bulrathi because you can research all tech from current technology benefits most of the time."".Well, it is also possible to make a postulate like that: ""You are a Silicoid now... I don't care that you are called Bulrathi because you can colonize all planets except gas giants and asteroids now from the beginning"".The list may be continued. Simplified game mechanics leaves no room for visible race difference.If you want some MOO, buy MOO 2 ongog.com, also you can find relativly fresh mods for it.Or buy Star drive 2 se4ctor zero, I am going to buy it soon.I also do not recommend to buy anything from NGD Studious or wargaming (WG Labs) from now on.They are just impudent ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s trying to get money for no work.This guys, for example, didn't include a goverment system and leaders system in their pityfull byproduct!They dare to say that just maybe they would make leader system in the future (maybe, in DLC?).Features, which there were in MOO 2 20 (yes, 20, Karl) years ago!Imagine, I do not know, John Carmac releasing Doom 4 without armour and with decreased number of weapons in comparison with Doom 2! And tells you, that he have heard the wishes of community for armor in the game, and he is thinking that maybe somehow (DLC?) it would be implemented in some future!If we would pay for such freaks, they would continue to degenerate the hole game industry.Well, there are also some ""minor"" issues for not buying this game - their game designer didn't play MOO 2 any visible amount of time and, while being cleanly identified as a civ-player (and not moo player) by MOO community, is considered to be a mediocre player in civilisation at best by some. So, while it is early access now, it is doubtfull that a good progress would be possible.Watching their forums, keep in mind that this freaks delete negative posts, threads, and ban unwelcomed users.So, just stay away and wait for metacritic results, and compare the rating of the game with stardrive 2, stellaris, polaris sector, galactic civilisations 2-3, and think twice before supporting idiots who make a remake of 20 years old game cutting off many important features of it and adding about nothing but graphics, Well, this stupid creatures also boast that they hired a well-known artists for postcoring an advisors for this game, but periodically on the forum appear themes were people ask to shut down some of them because they are very annoying."
,Not Recommended,298050,21546219,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,OrneryBoot,"I've only been able to actually enter the game twice. I get ""Couldn't switch to requested monitor resolution"", though I am running that exact resolution (2560x1440, 59hz).The game itself seems to be exactly moo of old, only very very pretty now. A bit of a letdown since I expected more. At least it isn't MOO3.A for User Experience.C for game design since they just remade Moo.I have requested a refund from Steam."
76561198008988018,Not Recommended,298050,21530159,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Topclock,"So close and yet so far... This is not a MOO remake. It is a MOO2 remake.And that is a BIG difference.This game MIGHT turn out sort of fun, but I really dont understand why we need another Gal Civ clone, when you actually could remake MOO...In my oppinion MOO has four MAJOR advantages over ANY other 4x Space game and very little flaws.1) Simplicity in the planet management - No buildings plz. Leave that to Civ and all the other space games. The ledger system was (and is still) quite unique.2) Random tech lists - Somtimes you just get stuck with no planetary shields or the right tech to colonize. Have a good laugh, cross your fingers and hope for a miracle to happen.3) Unique Fleets - We only needed room for more than 6 ship designs and a way to upgrade old ships to new designs.4) Gigantic turn based space battles - How many legendary fights have you had where your repulsor beam held back waves of enemy ships, while your planetary missles ripped the enemy apart.But you are not going to find all of that in this game. So thumps down from me."
76561198007655336,Not Recommended,298050,22460155,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,alan32575,"This game is super boring and cookie cutter and in NO way distinguishes itself from any other game in the genre which is super disappointing. Battles are boring. Colonization gets old very quickly and as for designing youre own ships there is really no point. It doesn't matter that much what systems you put on.I could go more into why this game is boring, it doesn't suck but it does bore one to tears fter about 2 hours, but it appears other reviewers are striking my points.I do not recommend buying this game"
76561197971820902,Not Recommended,298050,23187180,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Morter,"Not too unlike Endless Space. It's interesting and fun for awhile.But, sadly, it is caught in the 4x epidemic. Like all these games, this also suffers from the ""4x Virus"": mid-game it turns into a micromanagement department and becomes masterfully boring with no real difficulty, as you can already see what the outcome will be, and the rest of the game is just mopping up. The feeling of exploration and discovery, the unexpected events, the eagerness to advance your tech and build your empire fades away. The mid- to end-game really needs an overhaul if I'm going to waste any more time on these 4x games. Something more than an obsessive compulsive drive to finish what you started has to happen somewhere.I usually quit at that point and start a new game. And repeat this until that also becomes boring. For this one it only took about fiver or six startups to get me bored."
,Not Recommended,298050,23091819,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Capashin,"A really really good copy paste of MOO 1 and 2.  Missing some systems and combat is awful, but it's still in early access, so I expect those things to be fixed/added/balanced.  The devs seem fairly commited to the game and are updating it regularly.  That being said, $50 for what is basically a graphical update to a pair of games I can grab on GOG for $6 is excessive.  If that's what you want, then great, get this game.  But if you're looking for something new or different, it sure isn't here."
,Not Recommended,298050,21624679,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,rs1701,"Shiny and polished grafics, but with the Realtime Battles it is just another mediocre 4X without tactical depth,  Its not a bad game, but there is just nothing special about it. That is not ""reviving a legend"", Wargaming just played it safe."
76561197967903264,Recommended,298050,32476796,Posted: 16 June,all,mostlyharmless,Ignore the haters. This game takes the best elements of Master of Orion 2 and Master of Orion 3 and combines them into a fun experience that resurrects the same feelings and wonder that you felt when you played Master of Orion 2 on DOS many years ago. It is appropriate for all ages and is a great way to introduce your kids to intellectually engaging turn-based strategy gaming.
76561198007464040,Not Recommended,298050,22884146,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,pinky,"Its an interesting game althought it still suffers from issues that will cause it to crash and the save game size will eat your hard disk - to put this into context i played a huge galaxy to turn 989 and i have a 4 GB save file - yes i did say GB, before cleaning the save game folder it was consuming 42.5 GB on my SSD  (allegedly this is a feature as you can choose to go back in time which i have never used) for a game that states clearly on its store page requires 15GB of space - while i have queried this on the forum i can't think of how this passed quality controlIts more limited in quite a few ways than master of orion 2 (ship design number of weapon slots is fixed by class for example) and other than the prettier graphics i can't think of a single reason to play this instead of master of orion 2"
76561198008253829,Not Recommended,298050,25219050,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Livio87,"Ok, so I haven't put much time into this but I have to say this game bugs me! I want to like it but there are issues with it. The first is the game feels very restrictive. In order to proceed out of my small area I had to research half way up the tech tree. I was basically stuck within 7 systems. Secondly, pirate bases will spawn out of nowhere. One minute you have eradicated their presence from a system and the next they randomly show back up in another. Once they are gone they should be gone, not popping back up without a pirate ship from another planet claiming their new one! Are they just evolving from the planets lifeforms to terrorize my planets!! Wtf guys.... Im going back to Stellaris.."
,Not Recommended,298050,21492802,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Big Boom Boom,"Sadly as of right now I can NOT recommend this game at all.The Bad:1. The devs withhold on tactical combat for a long time before they let us know it's going to be real time and it's going to be ready for Early Access to show off. It failed on every front at the moment. Compared to RTS like Homeworld or Sins of a Solar Empire, the combat has very little depth and any ""tactics"". Compared to Swords of the Stars, the combat has even less depth and strategy over all. It's very simple, click attack, your ship fire, done. In Homeworld position your ship is important, especially Capital ship, and flanking Capital ship is very important. There's nothing like that here. In Sins of a Solar Empire you have hundred of abilities and micro managing your ship in real time (like any other RTS) is the key to advantage. Right now this Tactical combat has less Depth than Dune 2 24 years ago.2. The Races has very little diversity, there's almost no different bar very minor bonus/penalty. Coming from MoO 2 you will find this a big disappointment. It's like MoO 2 but you take out half of the strength and weakness of the races.3. Tech tree. If you are expecting to make important decisions with the research path in MoO 2, forget it. Decisions are too far and few in between and has too little impact at the moment. Like after researching 20 techs you are only asked to make a decision to choose between Fusion Beam and Fusion Bomb once. The rest of tech everyone has the same thing."
,Not Recommended,298050,21606558,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,mpnorman10,"This is actually a pretty good game relative to other 4X games currently out there. This is largly because it takes some of its content from a genuinely great 4X game, MOO2, that was so good that it is still excellent (in spite of some flaws) after 20+ years.The research categories are taken from MOO2, but they are broken up into smaller pieces that are incremental. Where, for example, in MOO2 an Automated Factory would give +5 production and an additional +1 production per person, in this game the Automated factory merely gives +2 Production, making it an incremental change rather than a major strategical achievement.The designers, in their words about design admitted openly (see Steam discussions)  that building an almost chess-like 4X game like MOO2 was beyond their programming capacity. In MOO2 the one who went first in major battles would depend upon something called initiative, based on speed and maneuvering capability. This worked very well and typically with two relatively equal human players in a large battle the best ship or two of each side would go first and then the other ships. It worked extremely well, while the developers of this game called it ""unwarranted complexity"" and claimed they just couldn't do it.Please read some of the positive reviews for discussion of this new games virtues. There are all some and sadly it is better than many 4X attempts there because they did take a lot from MOO2... but not nearly enough. That is the reason this is very sad.Hopefully, someday, a genuine reboot or sequel to MOO2 will be made. The tragic part is that the existance of this game might give potential backers the false impression that such a reboot/sequel has already been done, which it has not.I did pay my $50 and play this game to give it a shot. I could give a balanced look at the positive qualities, but instead, in this review I merely wish to share my deep feelings of heartbroken disappointment. It is frustrating when designers just cannot understand what is great about a game they are trying to reboot or give a sequel to.For comparison there is a great colony building game called Outpost that was turn-based and genuinely great but rushed too quickly into production without completing it. When Outpost II came out it had been made by some clueless executive at Sierra into an action game. As an avid Outpost enthusiast waiting for a sequel/completion of the original, I was offered a free copy of Outpost II which I refused. I don't care about the $40 then or the $50 I paid now. I care because a great game like MOO2 has never been rebooted or done with current graphics, refinement of the random event/initiative systems, a better AI, etc. This game took from MOO2, but changed way too much of what made it great."
,Not Recommended,298050,21758460,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Morty Bot,Really boring compared to other space 4x games.
,Not Recommended,298050,22120009,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Angry,"Shallow and boring, crashes repeatedly.Get it on sale if you really are into X4-lite games."
,Not Recommended,298050,21491642,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,AUTOMATIC,"Overly simplified MoO2 with somewhat better graphics.Original reasearch system is scrapped and replaced with Civilization research system.Diplomacy system is taken directly form Civilization as well.I'm not sure why they are calling the combat tactical because there are no tactics involved. It's also a horribly looking mess.Things like no heroes and no events and no multiplayer tactical combat might get fixed. But overall direction of game never will.Psilons get a special mention: Cartoon ships, cartoon characters and an advisor that makes you want to either mute the game or not research anything. It's like you are playing a mobile game!Do not buy."
76561198071360441,Not Recommended,298050,24914612,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,www.tarriswhiting,Still waiting to see if there is going to be hotseat. That is why I enjoyed Orion 2 so much. Hope they do not make a mistake and not include hotseat in the final product.
76561198317691092,Not Recommended,298050,25409847,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,꿈의바다,Not much has changed from MOO2 imoNever buying MOO series in the future
,Not Recommended,298050,22445562,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,You taste great,"Lots of polish, but the AI in battles is a bit rubbish, and the AI on the map is very predictable."
76561198007564901,Not Recommended,298050,22064512,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,alpha-zulu,"After playing all races, I can say it's a good 4X SciFi Game, but nothing exceptional.If you have already a 4X game you don't need to buy MoO.All the things, that made Master of Orion 1 and 2 so special are missing. Worst of all is the combat system. There is no tactic or strategic necessary, the battle begins and after 60 seconds (at maximum) the battle is over. And the developers will not change it as they told in the forum.The star lanes are also disgussing. In MoO 1 and 2 the possibility for exploration depends on the size of the fuel cells and it works fine.The differenz between the races are at this point also to marginal. The tech tree for all races is the same and therefor also no differnece between the races."
76561197997690278,Not Recommended,298050,21585202,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Count Sessine,It seems this will become a boring remake of MOO. The gameplay is very simplistic and casual. Not at all what you would expect from this legendary franchise.
76561197976223239,Not Recommended,298050,23126753,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,theDUKE,"In its current form the game is a bit frustrating to play, there a numerous UI elements that dont appear, for example on the ship design screen. The AI will immediately try to kill you so it doesn't look like diplomacy is an option. Auto upgrades are really stupid and will break your ship designs, for example removing all your pd and replacing it with missiles.That said I can see it becoming a great game, once its out of alpha. its aesthetically nice and reminds me of star trek. Some reviews are excessively negative, I think it generally retains the things I liked in MoO2, except I dont think the combat system is that good when compared to MoO2/SotS. Its basically auto combat where the stronger side will win but that seems to be the case in most space 4x games these days."
76561198007485516,Not Recommended,298050,24979482,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,drmax24,I dont like the art absolutely. MO2 had better graphics for me. The new graphics is like in UFO: Alien Invasion. Mix of lego duplo and bad taste.
76561197992235760,Not Recommended,298050,25224418,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Mikho,"If you've never played Master of Orion 2 (1996) before, I would recommend this game. In that case you can ignore my complaints mostly - MOO2 was a big hit back in the day. Basically it's a well made 4X game that does many things just right. It does look pretty as ever, no problems there.However, it's way too much like MOO 2, in good and bad. For me, playthrough feels like another nostalgic trip through the same old game, as if there hadn't been any progress during these 20 years. Same set of alien races, same technologies, same command point mechanics etc. Overpowered traits like ""creative"" have been balanced away, which is nice. Late game micromanagement has got is a little bit better but it's still pretty bad. Like before, you spend most of your time managing colony build queues, which isn't very interesting, unfortunately. The colonies are pretty much like each other, so you keep doing the same thing over and over again. I would have wished they had fixed the problem with limitless expanding being a valid strategy, but alas, no. Like before, in this game you compete with volume. There's simply no room in the galaxy for small empires, big empires do better in every aspect. Also, nothing's been done to fix the uninteresting diplomacy system.Others have complained about the combat system and the starlanes, but I'm pretty much OK with these. The combat feels a bit more chaotic than before, but it slows down the game a lot less, which is welcome. I'm not yet sure how much you can influence the outcome with valid tactics - mostly the ships seem to be blasting away at each other until one side runs out of hit points. The starlane mechanic seems a bit weird at first, but I like the way it makes it possible to fortify your empire by building military outposts. Jump gates allow for faster travel inside your own domain.I sincerely wish there were DLC or mods that would make this an interesting game in 2016 as well, in the way of DOTA, counter strike or long war. It'd be a shame to have all the love poured into this game to go waste otherwise. Originality goes a long way."
76561198073420961,Not Recommended,298050,21743650,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,kystrider1977,"VERY disappointed. I really hope they keep working on this and improving it. one of the BEST parts of MOO2 was the turn based tactical combat, this combat is horrible. It's like a flash game, your ships have little to no customization, your race can't be customized, you took an AMAZING classic game, half♥♥♥♥♥upgraded it, and slapped a FIFTY dollar charge on it? PLEASE tell me this is a work in progress and will get better?!  REALLY don't recommend this game if you are hoping for the fun and nostalgia of MOO2, cuz it is NOTHING like that."
76561198047421328,Recommended,298050,32606002,Posted: 20 June,all,SkullsHunter,very similar to old game style. That's mean a increadible game :)
,Not Recommended,298050,21492534,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,SeVeR,"Why oh WHY bring back starlanes from Moo3...everything else about the game seems to be coming along swimingly.But PLEASE do away with the starlanes, , nobody likes or wants them, keep it open route like in Moo1 & 2After the OVERWHELMING concensus by the community that we did NOT want starlanes in this game and wanted turn based tactical combat like the original 2 games you STILL did it the way you guys wanted vs what hardcore fans wanted...you ruined what could have been an incredible remake.What a shame you didn't listen."
76561197972454800,Not Recommended,298050,22658770,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,jamie,"Nice to see Master of Orion updated with modern graphics, however the combat (real time has potential, but at the moment feels bland and doesn't add the depth in strategy of tech upgrades) and star lanes/need to explore planets in a separate turn (unrealistic) are disappointing.Not enjoyable to play in its current state."
76561197981054236,Not Recommended,298050,21619289,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,RrHun,I cannot recommend the game in it's current state. MoO without turn-based combat is just pure blasphemy!
,Not Recommended,298050,25037118,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,benchwarrior,"The removal of turn basted space battles and free movement through the galaxy, also removed the two major aspects that made the original games amazing. This is not master of orion, this is Distant Worlds with a different name."
76561198001381052,Not Recommended,298050,21639350,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,RNA,"Well it must be noted i only put 62 minutes into this game before requesting, and being granted a refund. So there is that.However, im not going to spend the time writing a long review. I will however state that i suggest you go somewhere else for your fix of 4x. So why am i recommending that? It's rather simple. While the game is pretty, and alot of effort has been spent on making the game beautiful, this has been a zero sum game. The effort spent in making this game into a beautiful game has not been spent on making this a complex game. There is no tactical combat, ship design is a thing of the past, diplomacy doesn't function very well, and the galaxies are relatively small. Planet management is pretty great though. So if you're looking at building simplistic spaceships by clicking on predetermined modules, then building said space ships and spending 19 turns moving it across starlanes to attack an AI that's completely useless then this game is for you. If you're looking at a game with a learning curve, and more difficulty then a puzzle for a 3 year old then look elsewhere."
76561198068327848,Recommended,298050,26324170,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Wolf,"Must get it!! Easy to understand, fun and well done! Worth the price 100%. Played GC3 and this is way more fun. I hope they keep improving this game as its has super potential. Its missing renaming of the plants ability, it should show your empire borders etc. Small things but Im sure with DLC this game will be truly great."
76561198025275052,Not Recommended,298050,24206115,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Palinchron,"So far, a very shallow experience. The lack of leaders, deeper tactical combat including the extremely questionable move to real-time (huge mistake in my eyes) and Antarans for example make this a very poor addition to the legendary MoO-Series.Avoid until substantially more content has been delivered."
76561198009421767,Not Recommended,298050,21596769,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,andrey,"At this point - its a game that plays by itself. Another boring stupid game. If you expect the amazing gameplay as in MOO2 - not yet. Well, its still not final release, but if they will keep it like this - made for a major crowd to use click/end turn, watch your ships auto fight, no turn based combat, espionage, etc - they will make another bad MOO game. BRING THE TURN BASED COMBAT BACK ! COMPLEX GAME, NOT A SIMPLE GAME."
76561198063757889,Not Recommended,298050,22819923,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,SwordOfJustice,"Update: I just tried Phase 4. Tactical battles have had some work and certainly look better. I did not notice missiles hitting the seemingly omnipresent asteroids on the tactical map. The initial pirates are no longer a joke. The basic mechanics and style of tactical combat seem unchanged though.However, the game is still incredibly bland, visually and in gameplay. Check the simplistic ship models out which you can't even zoom in on. The gameplay is still a simplistic rush to build constructor ships and block off choke points while expanding your holdings.Honestly, this MOO reboot looks and plays like a tablet game. Doesn't it look like it?I'm so glad I bought Stellaris which gives me a visually gorgeous and immersive game with deep mechanics that give a feeling of running an interstellar empire. Try zooming in on the ship models in that game and watch in awe as the turrets track their targets and fire in visually glorious style during tactical combat. Stellaris needs some development work too and that is underway but it outclasses MOO by a long shot in my opinion.**********This game is incredibly bland. It would need serious development and additional features to make it an engaging experience.The game is a very simplistic remaking of the original MOO2 with some of the good parts of that earlier game currently missing.There are few random events and creatures, and pirates are not a threat in any way as they are very easily defeated. These features are bland and almost irrelevant to your gameplay.The models are cartoony and simplistic. I find the map overly bright too but its part of that cartoony style.While the leader models and voice acting are great, I find some of the advisors to jar with the tone set by the leader. E.g. the Psilon leader has a calm gravitas in his voice acting yet the advisor is a snivelling Golem-like creature.Yet any character of a race is made irrelevant by their diplomacy AI which is simplistic and hostile to any player offerings. The language is quite hostile too with the AI rudely cutting off contact despite decent deals being offered.Tactical combat needs so much work. I personally don't like asteroids on every tactical battle map. There is so much scope for varied maps. Currently, the AI will simply fire through asteroids causing shots to miss. The control and information available on the tactical map is so limited. It's a poor gameplay experience and it needs a lot of development work.Colonisation and planet management are both very simplistic. They're simply copying the mechanics of Master of Orion 2. While it was a great game back in the day, the computer gaming world has moved on. More depth could've been achieved while maintaining the core atmosphere of a MOO game.Espionage is also a strange set of mechanics. You can't enter systems blocked off by military stations to find enemy colonies and without that location information, your spies have nothing to do except counter espionage on your worlds. But spies keep being recruited. Once all your colonies have an agent, the rest will just sit on Hold on your homeworld. So boring. Surely spies should be helping you find out information about other empires, aided by trade and other treaties as they infiltrate other empires?"
76561198047161795,Not Recommended,298050,22574085,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Disgracefull,"I was so hopeful for this game. I wanted to give it a chance, I honest and for truly did. I broke my 2 rules for things that I never do on steam for the sake of supporting this game. I purchased it in early access, hopeful that it would become what the MoO franchise deserved and I paid full price, not waiting for any kind of sale, just so that I can support the creation of this game.Now I see that this was just another cash grab seeking to take advantage of an existing fanbase so they can milk the nostalgia for all its worth before presenting a steaming pile of shiny crap.The most impressive thing about this game is the A-list voice actors. And no, that is not a complement. That squandered money could have gone towards making a decent game.I do try to look on the bright side, and although this game wasn't nearly worth the $50 I paid, or the shattered hopes, I now I know what I can expect from this company and I now have a better awareness of just why I have those two rules in the first place. I won’t make this mistake again."
76561197982854553,Not Recommended,298050,22117590,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Sage,"EA review:- Game play feels 'thin' without a lot of meaningful decisions.- Tactical game feels very pointless (though I don't mind the real time aspects of it)- Often times many turns pass without much happening. It feels like more should happen over individual turns.Generally speaking though, they're roughly on the right track. That said, MoO 2 is a much better game and I'm not convinced they've really captured what makes MOO great."
76561198300787914,Not Recommended,298050,23175514,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,dolsenjazz,"Have high hopes for this game.  Interface is not as user friendly as MOO2 with no ability to move multiple population together.  Lack of turn based combat is a HUGE negative for me - one of my favorite parts of game.  Leaders and captians would be great.  More attribute choices that give your race character would be great.  Tech tree choices instead of all being ""creative.""  Hoping some changes are made and will recommend."
76561198033213261,Not Recommended,298050,21555399,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,nd2spdss,"With this being out of the way. Its way BETTER than 3!!! But way below master of orion 1 and 2. So with that out the way here are reasons why its not that great. its a lot...For starters combat is basic.... too basic. you can only set formation and your special items like boost or jumping. all your guns and missiles are on auto. Ground combat.... what ground combat? there is none. yes its like 1 where you can bomb, biological attack or invade. but when your troop transports can only make like 1 and thats it. thats pointless. This game has star lanes and some can't let you go anywhere because its unstable unless you get the tech. I liked the 1+2 where it will tell you how far you can go depending on your fuel cell type. The 500 turn limit. yes 500 turns and thats it.... that needs to go. As usual everyone hates you so diplomacy is bad. For example i was part of an alliance and the lizard race demanded i gave him 6 systems for no reason. no negotiation for it. so its off to war with him.  You can't demand peace or peace with another race in an alliance so thats pointless.  voting for council is just bad. i literally cheated and had top tier stuff and everyone abstain their votes. so i gave them all tech just to see what will happen. and they still abstain their vote. Ship building is ok, but I do not understand why if you upgrade something like if you designed a carrier with crud load of fighters, and bombers it will throw your design to the curb to put 100 laser cannons.  Espionage.... what spies??? there is none. but you have to research it???? Speaking of research this I don't understand. Why would a fusion beam and fusion bomb be seperated? Does someone invent the fusion beam but can't make a bomb or visaversa??? just put them like rest of the research. ON top of that fusion beam does less damage than laser but its a higher tier??!?!?!?!   its nice to see the planet being active with your buildings and all, but it could be better if I was in a same system with multiple planet colonies and jump from planet to planet. not system to the next system and back. wouldn't it make more sense to go to next planet and not the next system with the buttons on the bottomThere are some good partsIts in early stage so there is a lot of room for improvementShips look a lot better and if they can put more ships in the ship design for certain classes. and if you just stick with high dps, at least upgrade gives you the best dps, with some tweeking...the research is easier to follow on the tech tree, and can plan where you want to go with research. similar to endless spaceThe UI is better from 3 and similar to 2 with a more 2010 look.Landing of the colony ship is cool, sometimes buggy b/c it will say your systems on the side. othertimes... nothing. plus it has the same sound effect from 1 i believe.I wonder if they make an Imperium Galatica 2 with better graphics and steam workshop to put in different ship designs and whatever. that would be a killer game. hint hint"
,Not Recommended,298050,21501903,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,shkryob,Very boring game.
,Not Recommended,298050,21548948,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,YOUR DRUNK UNCLE,"So far, it's a light and fairly shallow 4x game. There's plenty of room to introduce more gameplay elements and events to make it more interesting and fleshed out. I'll wait for it to be properly fleshed out."
76561197960746459,Not Recommended,298050,21660478,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,quinnbot,"While the developers have done a decent job of recreating the economic system of MOO2, the combat system is shockingly uninteresting.   Additionally, there appears to have been no work done on the late-game which descends into either 1) a maddening labyrinth of MicorManagement or 2) complete boredom of anonymous automation.Points for the starmap looking nice tho!Made my original review during EA, but came back later to check in again.  Unfortunately the combat seems to have hardly progressed at all.  Lost interest again quickly"
76561198016085192,Not Recommended,298050,25204777,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Dreadengore,spies population and the overall tech are poor! the game plays well combat is as expected and whats with all the races having exactly the same tech! you would think 4x games would have uniquer tech for eachr ace.  i utterly hate balance thinking.  the only difference is the look of the ships which is entirely uncustomizable.. glactic civ 3 is a far far far superior game and this is definately not worth the money.. 5 pounds maybe 6  but no where near its current price tag.
76561198055888849,Not Recommended,298050,23547009,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,m.roth,"I want to like the game. The graphics is good and the system control nice. But I really can't. The battle mode is useless. But thats not the worst. I am running the game on a new Macbook pro and it crashes all the time. it then takes down the entire computer , sometimes until a hard reset is needed.Also often the game stays in the system after closing and uses one whole processor.As long as they don't fix the stability it is no fun."
,Not Recommended,298050,21828705,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,softienerd,"The current early release is too simple. There are very few mechanics, and players rarely have to make a decision."
,Not Recommended,298050,22107148,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,El Caudillo,Yeah man
76561198038334011,Not Recommended,298050,21541127,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Preatorian,"Not bad for an early access game, Love that you guys have used Sci fi actor talent.  My hope however is that you keep supporting this game and keep working on it. Please don't let it go the way of stardrive 1&2.  Please add ground combat and tech. let me name my planets& fleets. Add in Government styles. Really you guys should have taken the Moo3 concept and fixed it and spruced it up. or Made it more like  Distant worlds universe but 3d.At this point i can't recomend it.  it's kind of just Meh.. But i'll give you some time before i pass my final judgement.Thanks for taking it on though!"
,Recommended,298050,32347431,Posted: 11 June,all,dieth,"Conquer the galaxy, and take Orion for your own."
,Not Recommended,298050,21597998,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Lt. Vadim,So-so.Not much of strategy variety. Races are not that different.
76561198023228691,Not Recommended,298050,22591086,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Rhaycen,"While this game is still in Early access, the universe even when it is played at the ""huge"" setting feels too small.I understand and feel that this game was heavily influenced and based on MoO 2 and it shows, MoO2 was a great game for its time, and this game would have also been a great game 10+ years ago. But at this point I'm just not feeling it for this game ..."
,Not Recommended,298050,21554695,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Alexander,"It feels like a mobile game. Granted, it feels like a good mobile game. Problem is, this is a PC game. :-\"
76561197990101320,Not Recommended,298050,25213024,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,S-P,"Ok I picked this up think I was going to get a remake of MOO2 but sadly that is not the case. The game play is very basic and the AI is not very good. I was also disappointed with the size of the galaxy map, a huge map has roughly 50 star systems which seems a little small when it wants to put you up against 7 AI players. So if you are expecting an in depth 4x game I'm affraid you will be disappointed with this shallow MOO wannabe. With two other 4x game just around the corner you may want to leave this until it's available on a sale or leave it altogether."
76561197970339445,Not Recommended,298050,25215964,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,++,"This is a classic 4x game where you colonize planets, build fleets and conquer your enemies. The game has good voice acting, I did not encounter severe bugs or crashes, and the graphics are good enough for a strategy game. On the downside the game mechanics are shallow and become repetetive very quickly. If you are winning you get rewarded with meaningless micromanagement of countless plantes where you build the same buildings again and again. No planet specialization, no alternative victory conditions, no innovation -- it feels like 10 years in the past. It does not feel like Master of Orion 1/2 though, the childish art style with oversaturated colors prevents that. There are much better 4x games out there, like Endless Space, Endless Legend or even Civilization 5. This game is shallow, boring and tedious."
76561198021914301,Not Recommended,298050,21573115,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,adschatte,"MOO 2 was a great game. The new Master of Orion maybe a great game in the future but it  is not now.  It is lacking depth (tactical combat, AI, diplomacy, espionage, heroes, antarans,...), comfort (especially order colony ships from the planet overview...) and atmosphere (missing animation for ground combat,  star destroyer ...).  So hopefully these things will be added in the final release."
76561198059647284,Not Recommended,298050,21635418,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,huhla,"First of all, I am aware of the fact that the game is in early access but sadly I don't recommend it unless you really want to support the devs.EDIT: The devs are apparently working hard on the game, considering the reviews etc. It looks even more promising (early access version 4). I will happily recommend the game if it continues in that way. END OF EDITThe game is definitely a good looking remake of Master of Orion 2. The graphics and sound are excellent. The details are very nice. The game is already very polished at the moment.The issues of the current version as I see them are1. Star lanesSystems are connected by star lanes and you must travel through them between systems (unless you have built jump gates). In my first game I got coined in by AI blocking exactly 2 spots in the universe with a starbase. I could not go further unless I attacked him or sorted it out diplomacally accepting his ridiculous price. Well... it's supposed to be the 3D space modeled as 2D space...and it has been made a 1D space in fact. Why? The defense strategy is just to defend a few frontier points which does not require much of strategy really...2. System travel pointsIn a system, besides the travel points that are one end of a star lane, the ships can stay at each planet... when travelling from a system, they need to go to the travel points on the ""edge"" of the system...and then continue by the connected star lane...So basically in a system, they do not travel at fullspeed...why?That is one more feature of the freeness of space movement that is somehow diminished in the game...3. BattlesYou can simulate a battle, that's fine. You can enter a 3D battle and ...well, watch it. There are some controls but you cannot really influence the battle much, or, have a feeling that you actually do something. I need to compare this to MoO2 now since there you saw how your ship designs perform. You could control every aspect of the battle and thus took care when designing ships. At this moment, the battle in Master of Orion (4) is just as bad as in MoO3...4. Minor issuesThere are some minor issues that will hopefully get fixed. For instance, the UI of the ship design part needs a bit of work: once you have many components, the large icons are not very clear. There is a feature of MoO2 that has been copied: all troop transports get eaten when you invade a planet: I should be able to choose how many marines I want to invade the planet and after the battle how many of them should stay boarded to ships. (The ships of dead or garissoned marines will still be eaten .... )Once more, I know the game is in early access and might change. And hopefully it will change and be the best MoO2 successor."
,Not Recommended,298050,21836287,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Jiraiya ain't no liah,"I love how they promised this game would reflecte the master of orion legacy. The only things this game has in common with this legacy is the names of the races, star system and technolegys thats it. The things that made master of orion great were the many exclusive technolegie chioses, a vaste free roaming galaxy and the (chess like) turn based tactical combat. This game is beyound boring you got nothing to do but click turn and when you think you might actualy have fun destroying enemy you click one button to either look at the fight or just the results. I dont know about you but i dont realy care about fight results, I'm more into actualy fighting the battle. In my opinion this game was a complete waste of money. Be warned."
,Not Recommended,298050,22841190,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,JesperGJensen,"Do Not Buy!This game is simply not fun.I have tried the different Early Access Builds and followed the development and their official postings.They have a legendary foundation to build on and they are missing the mark entirely.This game is not fun.Spying is micro intensive for no added benefit, the colony management is micro intensive and annoying. And you have to micro to get anywhere near optimal performance.The colonist assignment has to be done manually, because the automated versions are much to simple.I tried to love this, but i cannot."
,Not Recommended,298050,21675663,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,NeoKabookie,If you enoyed playing MOO1 and MOO2 back in the 90's well get ready to be disappointed by this revival of the title as MOO3.5. All of the things that made MOO3 fail are here and in full force. If you are considering buying this game I highly recommend you wait and check out videos/forums before buying.
76561198033705184,Not Recommended,298050,22056962,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,everettwakefield,"I am thouroghly disgusted with this game.  Maybe I will play it again when it is finished.  Untill then in its present state it is garbage. Where to start.  First of all diplomacy seems to be no existant.  Secondly, you can not seem to start a game without runnig into another race by turn 10 maybe 15 if you are lucky, at this point in time I may just delete it and cut my loses.  MOO2 was done a hundred times better than this version.  Heck I think MOO3 was done better."
76561197993643457,Not Recommended,298050,22263695,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,rzad111,pretty stupid
76561198080088286,Not Recommended,298050,22048609,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,demiurge,"I'm a big fan of the series MOO. I played in the  MoO and MoO2. The first images from the developers were wonderful, I bought just as the game appeared in the early access. But playing is not much to say that the old MoO here are only the names of the races / technologies. Everything is simplified to the limit. No food management, no pop management. Technological discoveries of all races are equal, there is no bonus psilon like in the old Orion. No tactical battle  (realtime is not replacing the old regime). Special difference in the weapon on the ship is not who has more guns is right. In general, it turns took the name from the well-known game, but could not make a sequel. Hard to say which is worse or the new Master of Orion MoO3.I would not recommend at this time to buy this game . If you're a fan of space strategy look at Polaris Sector.If you are just getting started with genre can then view, Sort ssesion play. gone a couple of hours played and won."
,Not Recommended,298050,21470675,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Apokus,"The Game is casualized until even a brainless Zombie would be bored from the game...Its nothing more then a hype hype hype train game... after 4 hours i wish i could get my money back and throw it out of a window instead :-/Research? Yeah... woooohooo... civ research - you have to choose between tech to interact whatever? na... useless techs only in nearly all cases...Galactic Map - Movement on that map? Starlanes or Not - its ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T ... why bother researching a new engine? youre still moving like a 99 year old granny - slooooooooooooooow like hell.The whole game feels like youre supposed to be sleeping at all while playing it.If you want to travel trough 5 Systems you will have to plan 5 turns only for moving within those systems.. than moving along those ""great"" ""wonderful"" Starlanes (well i *could* accept them if they wouldnt only give me the feeling they are there to slow down the game... )Uh and then... if youre finaly got your ships to the Enemy ships (i mean if youre still awake... ) youll be punished with that great useless combat system...Sure - with the old turn based combat system and a few broken Ship Designs you could kill a fleet of thousand ships with only one little Cruiser... but you too had the chance to beat a stronger fleet with smart movement and designs...Now? Just hope youre stronger, got the better techs and hit ""simulate"".The only ""good"" things:The Planetary Screen right now... Build queues, Overwiev etc. is nearly like it was in MoO2 (could have some more ""details"" like the old City Screen in MoO2 but its ok)The Ship Editor - quite good like the old was... not that hard because its nearly the old just with a few fance graphic updates... (i wish they would have done that with the rest of the game too..)Iam sorry but after those first 4 Hours of playtime i would strongly recommend to move around this game and look for other games and have more fun with those games then with this Game here right now..."
76561198021799654,Not Recommended,298050,21857692,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,zarian102,i would recommend this game for single play not multiplayer for one very important reason. this game as it is now will not let you choose between a tactical and simulated battle. only gives you the option to do a simulated battle... this must change as it is imo one of the most important things to have in the game because even if stat wise you would loose a fight a good person can still win in a tactical fight. there should be a choice for those of us who may not want to use that option. there should be an option when you make the multiplayer game that allows this. game is good as it stands but for me this is a game breaker for multiplayer and it is one of the most fun parts in these type of games for me.
76561198255287608,Not Recommended,298050,23127519,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,doctor_jah,I with I knew Stellaris was coming.
76561198007568414,Not Recommended,298050,21874878,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,smurph,"Never played the original MOOs but I was still very dissapointed by this game.  Rigid starlanes, a very limited tech tree, no functional differences between races and overall a system that feels like a dumbed down endless space with different graphics.  And for the starlanes, no matter how good your engine is your ship depletes its moves upon arriving at a star system, and whenever moving within a star system.  Since the starlanes themselves arent that long this means if you have a good engine halfway through the tech tree or an engine at the very end of it if there are 4 systems between where you are and where you want to go it will take 8 turns to get there, your ships will never get any faster."
,Not Recommended,298050,24449433,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,OlaOlaOla,"The more you played Master of Orion I and II, the more this game will disappoint you. It's basically a MoO 2 reskin with less features. And it has the feel and look of an iPad-game to boot.If you never played the originals and you'd like a basic 4X-game, this could certainly be the game for you. Just don't expect a tactic-laden, deep experience. MoO 4 (this game is the fourth in the series) is the 4X version of a cup of noodles. Easily digested, decent enough but not something you'll remember for very long."
76561198007564848,Not Recommended,298050,22055539,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Peri,"I remember how much I loved Master of Orion when it came out.  The nights until 3am - during school - I'd stay up because ONE MORE TURN.That carried over to Master of Orion II.  ONE MORE TURN, and oh how my grades would suffer.  Chemical addiction had nothing on Moo2, and I regret nothing.So then came Moo3 and I got deeply involved in the fan side of things and worked to make the game good.  While it is largely considered a failure, it still holds a warm place in my heart.This Master of Orion is in absolutely no danger of challenging any of that.  In fact, this tripe feels more like a student project than a game worthy of a genre-defining classic.First, the good points:Slick graphics.  Lots of JJ-Abrams flare and a strong palette.Music is nice and fitting.Voice acting is stellar.Beloved races from earlier incarnations are well realized.Now, my problems:Abyssmal diplomatic feedback.  Friendly, treatied neighbor attacked without there being any feedback to me that this was coming.  Straight out of the blue.Disastrous diplomatic design.  Really, friendly races suddenly attack?  No insults, no declining relations?  Just a roll of an invisible die and 'hey, lets shoot at the human.'Pathetic star systems.  One or two planets might have been fine in the early 90s but today it feels like cut budget (or cut corners).  And those early 90s games at least benefited from the then-dominant threory that planets were rare.Spacelanes.  Can you say chokepoints?  First one to a few key systems wins whole regions of the map...no way out of that.Boring tech tree.  Anymore linear and y=mx+b could be used to plan your action.Races don't feel special.  Everyone is just a rubber-suited alien.  60s Star Trek sported more attempted diversity.So I wouldn't recommend this and struggle to see if it's salvagable.  The diplomacy engine needs to be gutted, completely, and rebuilt to perhaps make some effort to resemble interacting with real races.  Instead I'm left at the mercy of a random die roll and there's NOTHING a player can do to stop that.Take your money and go get Stellaris.  Or Distant Worlds.  Don't make my mistake."
76561197970832998,Not Recommended,298050,21592483,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,SWK,"The game is just goofy.  I played the psilons because ever since moo 1 i played the psilons.  And they're just... embarassingly goofy.  Remember in moo 2 how elegant the psilons looked?  Frail but graceful.  Now they're just these cringingly goofy grey-alien dorks.  The ships look stupid.  The psilon ships look like the old 1950's UFOs.  Nothing feels impressive or powerful or awe-inspiring.  The tech tree is disappointing, it is unimaginative, doesn't make you feel like you are glimpsing into the future, the tech at the end of the tree doesn't sound like awesome god-level tech.  They've got Worf(micheal dorn) doing voice over for the game, and he sounds... so bored.  Even the music is goofy.Here is moo 1's research screen music:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2t1K5ffxrJ8&feature=youtu.be&t=260It's an interesting little techno diddy.Here is moo 2's research music.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5K2zHG8uKKc&feature=youtu.be&t=882Sounds like something impressive and important is happening right?And here is the research music for this game:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7vAGofARl5ABouncy silly little tune, which my idiot of a lead researcher adds to nicely.And this isn't a problem that will somehow change as the game advances out of early access.  The developers WANT to go in the direction of making this a goofy game.  The game just doesn't feel serious."
76561197987033201,Not Recommended,298050,21738969,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,PhoenixFury,"Like it or not, putting a brand name on a product does not make it good. Doomed to be just another of a number of uncountable Master of Orion 2 clones, this game offers nothing that Galciv 2 or even Stardrive hasn't done better already.  Putting this game out in early access is the same mistake Sword of the Stars 2 made years ago. It's so poorly optimized that you won't be able to enjoy the excellent visuals even with a beastly rig. Crashes are common and the interface, while intuitive, has basic difficulties with important aspects like saving your game.Stay away from this for at least another year or two. They might save it with updates, but expect to pay through the nose for DLC. Attaching the old games to this one is just a slap in the face, when they could have just been offered seperately like Firaxis did with the older X-Com games."
76561197975765803,Not Recommended,298050,23334644,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,blueshocked,"I'd like to recommend this game, but it is far... far from ready to leave early access.  The game feels shallow and oversimplified.  It is still fun but clearly not close to finished.  The voice acting is nice and the combat system is promissing but needs some polish yet.  The AI is lacking in a number of places (it has improved but has a long way to go) and the resource system is far to simple for a 4X style game.  I fear that this game will be pushed to a finished product far to early knowing Wargamings practices especially seeing how they pushed World of Warships out far before it was ready. In their recent development progress post the devs claim in is almost ""feature complete"", which is extremely disapointing.  I fear they are going to release the game far from ready and try to shove a paid DLC down our throats several months from now actually fleshing out all the games features."
76561198024000754,Not Recommended,298050,22648934,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Itharus,"Final Update, August 17: Well, that's all folks. They squandered every opportunity to make this game worthwhile. Release date is August 25. They took into account basically none of the player feedback. Pretty much my every previous complaint still stands. All they did was squash some bugs. Their EA program was a lie and a joke - they never intended to listen to their players at all. I cannot recommend this game. Furthermore, for the horrible EA practices involved here, neither NGD norWargaming.netshall ever again see any business from me. Sigh... what a waste of potential. Does not live up to the name they bought.July 22 Update: EA Phase 6 now. Lots and lots of bugs squashed... but many get reintroduced in subsequent cycles. They have still not implemented ANY of the heaps of great feedback regarding tactical combat. The combat system, aside from some ""balance changes"" is largely untouched, simplistic, and devoid of any requirement for strategy/skill. There is also still no tactical combat for multiplayer, and there probably never will be. Strategic level gameplay has seen some improvements, some worsenings, and many bugs come and gone and come again.I still cannot recommend this game. I have lost hope that I will ever be able to. If you value campaign map gameplay over combat - seek out Stellaris, you'll have more fun there. For an integrated approach, look into Star Ruler 2, Sword of the Stars, or even previous Master of Orion titles.Should I ever be made to eat my words, I will happily do so and amend this review. Until such time... avoid this game, it is not worth the asking price, and has been a perpetual mess. I have no confidence in the development.May 6 Update: well, they let out a patch that fixed some technical issues - which was welcome, but that's about it so far. You still can't fight your battles in MP, which basically makes MP a snore. I still cannot endorse this game. I don't like the direction the game is going in, and I don't think it will be ready at launch. Will update again when they do something with it. Sigh.Original Review: As of this point in time, Early Access phase 3, I cannot recommend MoO. It's actually gotten worse since EA2, despite the new features, and there seem to be no patches inbetween EA phases to fix what's obviously broken. Furthermore, they seem to be ignoring player feedback entirely, and many bugs that crop up go unfixed. I am very disappointed in this game so far. For a much better 4X experience, I point you in the direction of the Sword of the Stars franchise, as well as towards Star Ruler 2.This is an EA review. If they get their stuff together I will amend this review."
76561198025020567,Not Recommended,298050,25026089,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,mcintoshj,"BLEh.  Balance is completely off, the combat system is rough at best, customization is just not there, overall - this is an embarassment of a game.  I WISH it'd lived up to any of the hype, and the early early releases had a lot of promise. Now?  Wouldn't touch it.  Tried it with the last 3 patches and it's just not playable with any level of enjoyment."
,Not Recommended,298050,25209568,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Peter B Jordanson,"It's like Star Drive 2 without loads of features, but actually works.It's pretty sad to say that the spoof game did it better than the original title."
76561198103976945,Not Recommended,298050,21543068,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Boomer,"Early Access reviewI am a bit torn about the game in its current state.It looks nice and has a streamlined interface and plays fluidly, also it has not crashed on me so far.On the other hand currently it is just too easy, yes opposing powers declare war on you but that is all they do, they do not even attempt to attack, and if you do a counterstrike after just one fallen system they call for a truce.Also as son as you developed the cruiser you will win every spacebattle as it seems no matter how long you play the AI never builds anything stronger then destroyers, and a shielded cruiser kills tons of destroyers without even breaking a sweat. So with 2-3 ships you wipe out the enemy spacefleet of 20-30 small ships in one battle and thats it for them.I played MOO and MOO2 just recently and there if someone declares war, on the next turn they turn up with a spacefleet on your doorstep.Also it does not really seam to make a difference if you specialize your planets as over time you can build everything you have on every planet. And the planet overview is terrible there need to be a list what you have built and not only a planet you have to scroll around and search to find your installations, even if you can build all some buildings make it easier to build others so it would be nice to see that, because after you own 10-20 planets you just loose the overview what you are building.Same with the research tree, apart from the few times when you have to choose what to build after you complete a research there is no problem researching everything there is.Diplomacy is hardly implemented right now, and really is not needed as you can pound the AI into the ground as soon as you get cruisers, and the AI wont attack you anyway. Same for the councilmeetings, most of the time all the parties withhold their votes, and even if there is an alliance you are so strong that you have more votes then the 2 together. Not sure if it is intended or a bug, but the AI seems to lie on a few times I had 2 or 3 parties who vowed to vote for me and when the meeting came they either withheld or voted for the other candidate.The worst of all are the GNN news updates, the robot does not only look annoying he also sounds like a C64 doing some text to voice. That is too bad as some of the ticker news are quite funny (if not relevant to the game itself).A bright spot is that the original MOO are included if you do not have them already.If there were a neutral vote I would give it for now.But considering the price and the dumbed down AI I will give it a thumbs down for now."
76561198021697071,Not Recommended,298050,21982812,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Xtinktshun,"Early Access Review:I played MOO and MOO 2 A LOT up till very recently. MOO 3 was a train wreck that had good intensions but just was a horrible implementation. Seems this version is slowly going down the MOO 3 path with a glossy version of MOO 2 graphics slapped on top.   Graphics are good for a 4x game, sounds ok I guess but I do not play these games for a good soundtrack. In fact I play with them muted as it is about tactics and what you are going to do next turn not how nice the alien leader sounds. They spent way too much time and money worrying about that when the gameplay is lackluster.To start star lanes really make it so easy and unplayable. Basically defend 2 planets and you are good to go. There are definite choke points which make those systems critical.Combat, ah combat. Pre beta people that are younger wanted real time combat. True MOO fans that are older and enjoy the tactical nature of turn based obviously didn't. Well they went real time, but not really. You just build a fleet, and click fight. Trying to do any sort of maneuvers or tactical layout really doesn't matter. You can try as I did, but you will find out that in the end is useless. The combat system is a glorified combat viewer of the simulation. Once you realize that just skip combat. But wait, you want to control your ships, this system and game doesn't really allow for it to make a difference or change the outcome much at all. So sad, they could have done a really nice turn based or even a put in your moves and both sides move and fire same time type of setup and would have worked well for this game. As it stands this game ""combat"" just doesn't stand out from anything else in the 4x world of games and thus they missed their chance.The races seem to be missing their big differences that existed in MOO and MOO2. I have played most and they all seem the same. You research the same, build the same, build same type of fleets, etc.  I would have preferred if each race really did well on one type of planet type, or you could take pros and cons like in MOO 2 where you can customize each race. I cannot nail it down but they all seem very generic with a different skin.The ship builder looks nice and works well but again is really useless as the whole combat system really doesn't work. Since real time combat just isn't meant for this type of game the upgrades to weapons with fire arcs and such just won’t see the light of day when you can just cram on more weapons in same space without having to worry about such mundane details which made MOO 2 much better.They need more areas of the map that affect game play like nebula, super large asteroid fields, etc that affect areas of the map differently. Adding those would add a lot of depth to the map and gameplay.As mentioned on the discussion board AI is just awful. As much as I hear people say, ""just play multiplayer and your problem is solved"", have you tried to play and FINISH a 4x multiplayer game?  I have maybe finished 5 in my lifetime. Most games with 4 people, 1 will drop early, 1 will get run over for various reasons and drop out, thus leaving 2 people who then you hope have the time to play out the game over the next few days/weeks. But invariably 1 of the 2 will drop out making the game you vs. the AI in the end. So the single player game has to be somewhat resilient to keep me engaged between multiplayer matches. This game doesn't even come close, period. As AI programming is a bit of a hobby for me, this game makes me want to cry how someone is paid to create an AI and this is what they came up with.If the game wasn't ready for beta, then delay, and delay again. Any sort of alpha test would have found or shown most of these issues.  AND IF the development team would listen to the outside alpha testers the game could be fixed. My guess is another development studio thought they knew best and missed the boat on this one. The best games I have played in the past many years are games that change and adapt to its core player base. Because if they are somewhat happy, they spread the word, others come and like the game and lo and behold you have a hit. This game seems to rest on the past IP glory and hope to make millions on people like me that paid and hoped for more but got a lot less.I would at this time NOT recommend this game unless combat, star lanes and AI are fixed which may take a more in depth rewrite than this publisher has time/money.I will change/update review after some major patches/final release comes out and things have changed, hopefully. :)"
76561198020092207,Not Recommended,298050,25185213,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,ChicagoGuy1000,"They got rid of the best part of the game:  turn based combat.  The whole point of developing technology was to have cool ships to fight with.  Now, its push a button and it's over. Terrible."
,Not Recommended,298050,21524812,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Poro-,"At the current stage, game is too easy and simplistic. If you b-line your research towards cruisers and build a few of them, by the turn ~100, you can start demanding colonies from AI. Just pick the weakest rival, ask for their colonies one at the time. They will accept. After that, skip a turn and do the same for second weakest rival. After 10 or so turns, all AI opponents have 1 colony left and you own the rest. There is absolutely 0 challenge in the game at the current stage. AI is fully passive and does not really take advantage of their tech or position. You can win the game in 150 turns with glass cannon strategy.Capturing the planets is ridiculously stupid. You need to build troop transports which magically vanish after you take a planet. That seems just an arbitrary rule to limit the speed of conquest. That's why it's easier to just diplomatically annex your enemies and bombard the hell out of the last colony instead of conquering with troop transports.Game is so much dumbed down that for a player with years of experience in strategy games, there is nothing to be seen after you've heard all the voice acting. Even that the voice acting is done very well, it starts to repeat itself and you just skip all talking you can. There is no connection between you as a player, and the ""empire"" you're running. It is just another turn away from evident victory. Even if  you try to play ""stupid"", there is no challenge.Hopefully they fix the game prior  to full release and add some challenge. I will be anxiously waiting for updates to see if this game turns out to be the 4x game which it should be."
76561198035421075,Not Recommended,298050,21511738,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Rex Rich,It feels more like MOO3 than MOO2. The combat is terrible. You can only travel from system to system via star lanes so if two systems are right next to each other but not connected via a star lane it takes forever to travel from one to the other. I really hope it improves.
76561197992073535,Not Recommended,298050,21603581,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Porphyria,"This will not capture your nostalgia for MoO (1/2), short and simple as that"
76561198122184555,Not Recommended,298050,28545653,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Jeroeco,all bad
,Not Recommended,298050,21535173,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,__asm,"With the current base design decisions this game will never become a worthy successor to the first two games, though if the developers will try hard enough, it might even get close to being a new moo 3."
76561198047163313,Not Recommended,298050,21613244,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,stp602,"4X games are my favorite genre... and they are also the most disappointing.The universe should be a vast place full of profound variety and diversity.... not walking, talking bears, birds, cats and lizards.The gameplay mechanics are very simple, and each race feels nearly identical to the next as far as gameplay goes. There is no variance in the tech trees available from one race to the next; ship design is a simple numbers game, and combat is an uninspired affair.As it stands, there is no replay value, and based on the way the game currently presents, it is highly unlikely that the game will develop any replay value before it is stamped as a ""finished product"".I recognize that this is an early access project, but at this time, the mechanics of the game are so simplistic that I doubt it will gain any weight between now and launch.Unless you're looking for a very simple 4X experience, one designed for kids, look elsewhere; the $49.99 price point is certainly not justified."
,Not Recommended,298050,21574629,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,"Testiclees the Mighty, Ph.D.","While promising, Master of Orion is missing key elements to make it a true successor to it's namesake.RacesThe game is going to have 10 races in the final release, six of which are playable now. These are the ten races of Master of Orion I, and include the Bird-like Alkari, the Bear-warrior Bulrathi, boring old Humanity, the Cat-like Mrrshan, the subterranean lizard Sakkra, and the scientific Psilon-- with the Ant-like Klackon, Rocky Silicoid, Mechanical Meklar and secretous Darloks planned for a later release.Missingare the Trilarians, Elerians, and Gnolam.each of the races are drastically different from their originals, and overly diluted in characteristics. Rather than a race that is tuned in to it's heritage, each one must play more as a generalist instead of  focusing on a single strength or two.The Alkari, for example, were originally highly effective in combat in space, and masters of propulsion-- a function of their evolutionary history with flight. Now, they have a 25% defensive bonus to certain combat scenarios, the end.the Sakkra were the masters of overwhelming populations, able to reach twice as high populations thanks to their ability to live both on and below a planet's surface. Now? They grow a little bit faster.ResearchAn important mechanic of the MoO universe has always been research. New technologies, and important research decisions: Do you want to use the new Fusion technology to upgrade you ship bombs, engines, or beam weapons? This sort of decision made decisions critical, and brought diplomacy to a monumental forefront in the game. It wasn't just about which tech you chose, it was about which tech you let your opponents have. The Psilon used to have a special racial characteristic: While they sucked at most things due to their frail nature, their brilliant minds allowed them to capture all these options instead of just one-- and use these technologies to surpass their enemies. But the tech-tree has been redesigned such that technological decisions are few and far between, and the Psilon's unique advantage has been replaced with a flat bonus to research.The GalaxyIn the original MoO games, travel took time and fuel. If a star was close enough, you could reach it. If not, you did not go there. Later in the game, you could travel from any star directly to any other star, if fuel allowed. You expanded your reach by building colonies and outposts, or by researching new fuel technologies. This entire system has been scrapped in favor of a starlane system, with each star acting as a node-- and if you can navigate there, you can go anywhere in the galaxy from level one. The advantages of this system are, presumably, greater strategy-- creating choke points around the galaxy to protect your territory from opponents. Military bases can be built to ""blockade"" ends of starlanes, for example, from enemy travel. But it destroys the open feeling of space present in MoO2, and is completely not worth it.The current version of the game includes pirate raiders who will occaisionally attack, forcing you to keep a few ships handy to quickly dispense them as an annoyance-- and a few stationary space monsters like a Giant Squid, Eel, or the Guardian of Orion-- usually guarding a particularly nice planet. There are a few scripted events and anomalies, but not nearly enough to keep the game interesting just yet.Final VerdictThis game shows promise of being true to the Master of Orion Spirit, but I am concerned that the scope will not go deep enough to make it worthy of the name. MoO fans from the original series will find the game fun for a few hours in it's current state, but the lack of complexity and depth really prevent this game from being the huge hit it may become if the developers revise the systems they've created to make it more like the original. The controls also are unintuitive for now, space combat is boring and unmeaningful, and ground combat is non-existent. Voice acting shows promise, but has way too much repetition. ""I used to be an adventurer like you, but then I took an arrow to the knee"" kind of repetition, only 1000 times worse. But if the developers do what they should, this game definitely belongs on any 4X fan's wishlist. But as is, it feels too much like Civilization and not enough like Masters of Orion.Will continue to update throughout the game's development, and if the game ever reaches a fun state for non-MoO fans, I'll give it a thumbs up."
76561197998249512,Not Recommended,298050,28174320,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,mintymind,nope
76561198139095688,Not Recommended,298050,21515258,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Shiver,"Combat is very basic and disappointing. The battles are real time, and you have very little control over your fleets, so there aren't any real tactical choices to be made. Select ship, click enemy ship, unpause, and hope you win. Loved the original MOO2, but this new iteration is highly disappointing so far."
76561198041829321,Not Recommended,298050,24010926,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Adrah,"I waited long to write this review... i have godlike patience you know! But what really instantly forced me to shut down game immediately after EA 5 was this awfull custom race nerf. Seriously? You punnish me for wanting to make my own style of playing the game? If i want to recreate Meklar for instance i pick cybernetic for 10 point and im done, original Meklars have 5 point worth of industrialist on top of that for free.. where are some setting like spying, morale, homeworld size WTF?!?! Balance your racial picks instead? Thanks!Im not playing the game again until this ridiculous mistake is solved!Game is well polished and have potential but conceptually it seems it going down to hell unfortunetally.To the devs, your last chance to save this game from being one big mistake: Play the damn MOO2, that was the real gold! I can live with real time combat (moo2 had superior combat 100 damn years aggo), i can live with boring as hell spying (moo2 had it simple and enjoyable enough), i can live with plain boring tech tree (Moo2 had it more complex and enjoyable)... but ♥♥♥♥ with my freedom of choice and i am off."
76561197960574193,Not Recommended,298050,28176500,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,mdsmithson,"Bought for Ubuntu 14.04; only worked for 2 months. now it doesnt work and the dev wants me to send him logs. NO THANK YOU, I DONT WORK FOR STEAM! TRASH GAME! WASTE OF MONEY TO FOOLISH DEV WORK!"
,Not Recommended,298050,21509131,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,nerdcommando.gamestudios,Baby's first 4x game.
76561198084314745,Not Recommended,298050,22989970,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,edward_pinaula,"I first got Master of Orion because I thought it looked interesting.After playing Stellaris, however, I realized how much Master of Orion lacks in content by comparison.Combat in Master of Orion is a hit or miss and doesn't feel tactical at all.  It's basically the ""I have more ships"" or ""My ships are bigger than yours, therefore I win"" strategy.In it's current state, Master of Orion leaves a lot to be desired."
,Not Recommended,298050,25154122,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,drekx,"Problems with the game are design based, while not completely bad it just makes the game not have enough 'fun'.  It is a 4X game but it's like a casual 4X game as there aren't any real hard decisions to make and everything is kind of bland.For those that have played Starbase Orion in iOS, I feel like that game has more 4X/strategy than this game."
76561198025643657,Not Recommended,298050,21522607,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,ekholbrook,"I've played very little of this game so far, less than 1 full hour, but 2 things already are disturbing as far as how I see this game ending up.Yes this is a Beta, benefit of doubt and all but I'm wondering how many of the shortcomings I see being resolved in 3 or 4 months since the flaws appear to be part of the overall plan.I hate turn limits in 4X games.So here we go:CONS:1) A turn limit. Doesn't matter that it's a rather large 500, it's there and I hate turn limits, feels like board game I'd play with my 9 year old ""ok, we'll play 10 turns then back to homework"". WHY is there a turn limit??? Just kills the whole feeling of.. something, I dunno.2) Small number of systems on ""Large"" which in itself is ok I guess, but unfortunately each system only hold 1 or 2 planets. The game feels teeny tiny already.3) The Pathways to each system. I honestly don't get why game designers would opt for this route (no pun intended). It works in only 1 game series that I know of, ""Sins of a Solar Empire"" and that's because that game is so freaking stressful and fast that you need choke points from paths otherwise you'd go insane. But in a turn based open space game, it's a flaw to me.And yes, people will argue that some of the earlier games we loved used paths to systems, still, today with current tech and the state of gaming and computer hardware an all that, it feels weak, like a crutch that the designers couldn't figure out how to overcome.4) Lack of rotating view (view angle, rotating clockwise/counterclockwise). Make it feels smallish again and rather outdated. If they at least let us alter the view a touch to get a sense on the galaxy from any direction or height level. A bit nitpicky, but I guess it irrites me a bit.Pros:1) Runs smooth at max detail (there isn't much detail so this is to be expected)2) UI and gameplay is clean and jumps from location to location easily upon orders being needed in certain places.Summary: Feels like a highly scaled back Sins of Solar Empire remake but with turns and without the 3D view and all the cool 3D fleets and effects and much less planetary building options.If you've never play another 4x space game before this will probably make you happy, but for someone who has played everything from MOO1 to Sins, to Stardrive1,2 to Distant Worlds universe, and a dozen or more recent titles that I can't even think of this second.Any game where I basically lose interest under and hour, doesn't bode well for me. I'm willing to stick it out until release, but I think the kicker and what set me off on writing this review is that dumb turn limit thing staring at me. Ugh.I hate turn limits in 4X games."
,Not Recommended,298050,21535016,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Quoth the Raven,"As a MOO 1 and 2 veteran I have certain standards when it comes to space strategy games. I feel as though this could be a good revival-making the MOO 3 disaster dissapear and reawakening what made MOO 2 great. Here is my biggest issue thus far with the game. The combat, make it turn based like MOO 2 or risk being like ANY OTHER space strat which just requires that we watch a battle unfold. Undo that feature and you will have a lot more up votes and a lot more support."
76561198029123184,Not Recommended,298050,21512592,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,plm42,"**This is a review written as the game was just released in EARLY ACCESS. Developers will improve many things before the final release.First of all, I have never played MOO before so I am unable to compare the game with its predecessors. So my perspective when evaluating the game is one where I'm mainly comparing it to other modern 4X titles.In that regard, I have to say that both Endless Space and Stardrive 1/2 seem like better options for the reasons stated by other reviewers."
76561197995343647,Not Recommended,298050,25163517,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Hopefully Humble Tim,"A bland game chock-full of uninteresting choices and frustrating limitations. Despite months of EA, and lots of great feedback from players, the devs made only minor changes to the game, and have now released the full game with most of its original flaws intact. I have played a number of partial games, throughout the EA process, but haven't yet had the heart to finish one.A few of the many unnecessary flaws and limits:- Why can't I put multiple layers of armor on a ship? Multiple shield generators? Multiple engines? Where Stardrive 2, Star Ruler 2, and Endless Space give you real freedom in ship design, MoO seems determined to limit my imagination.- Why can I design combat ships, but not stations or civilian ships? Again, where Star Ruler 2 allows wonderful freedom in design, MoO creates unnecessary limits.- Tactical battles just aren't real tactical. This is a deep and complex problem, too complex to outline here, but there are many deep and thoughtful discussions of this topic in the forums.- The tech tree is bland, full of lots of incremental improvements, but rarely anything that feels interesting or meaningful. The game plays (almost) the same from start to finish.- Planetary special resources are piddly, giving a simple +1 or +2 to research/money/production. This means that, except in the very beginning of the game, there's no reason to choose a planet with a special resource over one without. This is a huge missed opportunity.For sure, there's some fun to be found in this game, but with such a bland design, there's little replay value. And in this age of gaming, with so many better choices around, why waste your time with something so bland?If you really want a space-based 4x game, go for Stardrive 2 or Star Ruler 2. Both are a bit buggy, products of small teams stretched to their limits, but both are also full of genius and innovation - and that genius makes both these games far more fun and interesting than MoO."
76561197972081334,Not Recommended,298050,25154421,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,T-ESI,"Cannot recommend this game in the slightest. Sorry Wargaming. Your Free to play games are great fun, but you haven't the faintest clue on how to make a great space 4x game. It's time to actually go out and play the other (and prevous) 4x games (A LOT!), before attempting to make one of your own. Because this has none of the appeal in any area of the 4x genre."
76561198034867742,Not Recommended,298050,21576218,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,saiga_2,"Like others have said, the AI in this is so poor that the current mode of game play should not be call normal, but instead call newbie mode.  To share some of the issues, I was playing Psilons and my neighbors were humans, I had completed the tech tree and holds 445 votes, enough to vote myself in to finish the game, they were number two and had 76 votes, their best ship was a crusier, I am fielding doom star, titan, battleships...etc, so what do they do? Hey Psilon, give us this system or else, I said...hell no, so they declare war!!  Really?So why do I have 445 votes and am so much more advance compare to them?   Well, cause they wont expand.  There were 3 computer players left , human holds 5 systems, and the other two has 2 systems each...  We were playing on default mode, circular galaxy, so there were literally 30+ systems that were vacant, but they never bother to expand.  I was holding on to about 10 systems, the galaxy is a big place,  but if they wont expand and wont develop new tech, probably slow development due to not expanding in the first place, the only way I can see a player losing is to do exactly the same, and just send scout ships to map the universe and never expand beyond the first world.I know it is Early Access, but at this point I would say the game isn't really playable, at least not in a war game sense of playable.  I am not saying hey just make it impossible and auto spawn fleets for AI and ignore command points like Moo1 does, but tuning the AI a few notches just so that a NORMAL game would feel normal.As it stands today, this is not something worthy to be call MOO, more like a dumb down version of Galatic Civilzation meets Ascendancy."
76561197982881963,Not Recommended,298050,25140388,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Razter,"Garbage game that is calling itself MOO in order to increase sales.This is no MOO. This is just some crappy, cheap knockoff that should be in a bargain bin."
76561197962921140,Not Recommended,298050,24739295,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Lemonhead,"The game is very pretty. It is polished visually, but that is about all it does better than previous games.Early game is fun when turns are short. Turn time increases at an alarming rate as you grow, if you want to keep your empire as productive as possible. It's similar to MoO2 in that respect, but MoO CTS is even worse in this area. A few examples:You must manage all your colonies one at a time; with a 5 long queue; which can only be accessed in each separate colony. Almost the same as MoO2 (which had a 7 slot queue).Pollution works as in MoO2; reduces production. However, the system is different in that you need to manually manage the pollution with clean-up projects. Not fun with large empires.Population movement between colonies is done 1 at a time by building tranports. A very time consuming process, but necessary as colonies don't grow unless supported by population influx. Fine in small empires; not in large.Each colony must manage food separately (cannot send food to other colonies), and production output per worker is variable (more production for first worker), so population management is much more complex than in MoO2 where you simply set enough on food; all on production/research depending on richness.It might sound fun, and it can be in small empires. It does however not scale for large empires; where you have multiple colonies growing every turn requiring you to check each and every one of them, if that colonist is doing what he should be doing.Between turns, you must watch all visible enemy ships moving and fighting one at a time instead of all simultaneously, increasing turn time even more.Diplomacy and Espionage are arguably not as important as in previous MoOs; largly because of the changed research system.Research is linear much like in Civ 5 with a few techs where you must choose between 2-3 different options ('choice techs').The only techs that can change hands (via diplomacy or espionage) are the 'choice techs'. This means you can never advance your research by spying, and you can also never catch up in research by trading.The reason for this review is that it's becoming more and more apparent, that they are creating the game for those that like the game as is; pointing to steam reviews being mostly positive, so everything is fine in their eyes. The problems listed above are non-issues to them.Only buy this game if you like it for what it is now. Don't expect it to change."
,Not Recommended,298050,21535745,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,WadeStar,"11/1/2016Note that one issue that detracted from my enjoyment of this game is being addressed by the developer (the tedium of the polution mechanics). This is a step in the right direction. I'll have to stand by my experience with this game up to now which was overall mediocre. But if the game looks interesting to you, I would consider it a safe bet. Even if it's not quite there at the moment, it's definitely heading that way. Moreover, the developers are making radical changes to imrpove the *base game*. That means a lot to me. Many other, less admirable developers would make these improvements an excuse to release paid DLC for their game. But not this one. This developer is doing right by their customers. Support them.8/27/2016I've updated my review online with the first Let's Play video for the release version of the game. I outline my concerns and my hopes going forward with this game. I conditionally recommend this game, but overall (until I've spent some time playing it in its current form) will remain a thumbs down for the average consumer.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SzkDpvhn4IY8/11/2016I'm still on the fence with the current state of the game, but I will say this: between MOO and its primary alternative: Stellaris, MOO shows much more promise as far as becoming a great game. I look forward to enjoying MOO. Alas, I think Stellaris is no longer interested in become better than it is now, which is not really any better or worse than MOO as it is now. See the difference, though? MOO has growth potential.3/27/2016The game is much more enjoyable than initial release. Before, I could barely play an hour before getting bored. I'm still overall a ""no"" on the game but I hope it continues along the current path. If so, I expect to change this review to a ""yes"". But my criticism below still stand. Tactical combat is better now and actually is interesting and allows me more controls and choices. Before it really seemed rather arbitrary. Regardless, I STILL WANT FUEL RANGES. This would pace expansion and make it scale with research priorities.2/28/2016At this point, I don't recommend MOO. The graphics and asthetic are great and go a LONG way to make me like this game. It's very lovingly crafted. But there are some things that keep me from really being interested beyond playing 1 hour.First, the game lacks the range limitation that came from fuel tank technology in MOO2. Apparently, as long as it doesn't get destroyed, your scout ship can move from one side of the galaxy to the other. Logistical range really added a great element of balance and decision making in MOO2. If you needed to prioritize expansion, you had to research it to reach new stars. If you needed to turtle, you'd postpone it. I'm really missing this element. Instead it has been replaced with ""unstable warp points"". That's ok, but it's definitely not the same.Next, I can't see any situation where you don't research all the lowest techs first before moving to the next teir. You would never want to ignore lesser research to go to higher research because if you do, the AI will outpace you militarily while you're saving up for something else. Anyway, especially in the early game, it feels pointless to skip a tier 1 tech to rush a teir 2. Later down the line maybe you can...The research tree as it is now is also rather uninspiring. CIV:BE and Polaris Sector both innovated the CIV style research tree in a way that feels much more appropriate to a science fiction setting.I'm still waiting to see how alien assimilation and race bonuses work. I would like to see meaningful reasons for both purging an alien population and assimilating one depending on a player's overall global strategy. Enslavement (not killing but not allowing to reproduce) would also be a welcome option. And of course, the ability to change one's mind throughout the course of the game.There are a few minor issues I won't mention because surely they will be fixed. The one I will mention is that you have different ship models you can use as well as patterns. That's great, but in the build queue they all look the same. In MOO2 you could see at a glance the different ship designs in the build menu. It's a minor thing, but it *always* throws me off.I really want to like this game. But *as of this moment* it's not very fun and definitely not worth the price."
76561198034999304,Not Recommended,298050,21781918,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Singularity,"Please remove starlanes.. I can't believe this was resurrected from that great abortion MoO3. No one gives a♥♥♥♥♥♥about choke points ... in SPACE.. Also, take a note from the musical score of MoO2. It was epic and mysterious... the soundtrack of this new one just sounds cliched for the genre, exploring the stars with so much child-like whimsy.For races, how about making the human homeworld earth, along with a special planet design that looks like, well, earth.  Tech is cool, AI diplomacy is a little simple, graphics are pretty nice.  The Psilons should look more Psilony (MoO 1) and less Roger the Alien from American Dad. Final Note, for the love of god please don't make this a GalCiv clone.The whole game is the most dumbed down of the four, even beating out the originals simplicity.  Don't buy, just wait for Stellaris to come out from Paradox.  It's what MoO should have been.https://www.paradoxplaza.com/stellaris"
76561198016674139,Not Recommended,298050,22563802,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Ragotag,"For a new 4x space strategy, their is nothing innovative or unique about this game that has not already been done in prior 4x space strategy games over the last two decades.  At best, this game is a MOO2 remake with some simplistic GalCiv2 elements.  MOO suffers from some severe gameplay imbalances:  1) random events can wreck your entire empire within a few turns, leaving you open and exposed to attack by AI; 2) Space Pirates can respawn on the same planet that you just nuked, one turn later; 3) AI will ask for/demand peace, then instantly attack the very next turn.  Lastly, like MOO2, the AI is predictable and a tech rush will always win the long game.With the upcoming release of Stellaris at a $40US price tag, MOO is in deep deep trouble since it can not even compete with Paradox's newest 4x *grand* space strategy due out May 9.  This game is not worth the $50US for early access, and even when complete, will be little more than a modern remake of MOO2.  Sadly, I can't help but feel as if this game is nothing more than a franchise name money grab."
76561198005674290,Not Recommended,298050,21987402,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Niklas,"Being a huge fan of the 4X genre and having played an endless list of 4X games, like Master of Orion 2+3, GalCiv 1-3, Sword of the Stars 1+2, Endless Space, Distant Worlds, StarDrive 1+2 and many more and even supporting upcoming games like Predestination, I really wanted to like this.Unfortunately it is a huge disappointment, serving a dumbed down 4X experience totally out of touch with why people still enjoy turn based games, for instance considering the recent huge success of XCOM. Sure, they got it to look almost as pretty as XCOM, but all the research and a lot of the ship systems you could add in MoO2 are not to be found, because they went for simple RTS combat implementation. Combat is ridiculously simple and vastly inferior to great RTS space games like SotS, Homeworld or Battlefleet Gothic: Armada. Combat, ship technologies and ship design in this game feels more like an insult to fans of the genre and few games makes ship design as meaningless and combat as dumb as it is in this game. This mass selecting clickfest where kiting the AI is basically the only ""advanced"" technique at your disposal is just not appealing to guys used to much more juicy space combat offerings both currently and in the past.I recommend that you save your money for one of the other more recent 4X space games (Stellaris, Galactic Civilizations III, Predestination, and many more worthy of your cash), which offers a much more satisfying strategy game experience either turn based or RTS.I will revisit this review an edit if if they update the game to be more fun. If they add turn based tactical combat with ship initiative in some future DLC, this game would finally be a worthy successor of MoO2 and I would probably be able to recommend it."
76561198002756962,Not Recommended,298050,21566027,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Moomin,"The game looks good, sounds good. As it is in early access the playability is very poor and I would recommend anyone interested in this game to wait for a while before purchasing.I am a huge fan of master of orion 1 and a very part time player of master of orion 2.I play for the ship design and combat side of the game, if you do too, do not purchase thisgame as it is a massive let down. I regret the purchase."
76561197994729886,Not Recommended,298050,24742078,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,AiDec,.
76561197985186574,Not Recommended,298050,32609518,Posted: 20 June,all,Caracalla,"Bought it while it was on sale.  Booted it up, started new game, fails to complete the load at 100% to even start the game.  In the process of refunding it, what a waste of a great IP."
76561198052971128,Not Recommended,298050,25170297,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,realxavier,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t...
76561197982398620,Not Recommended,298050,24641086,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,shadow_annihilator,"I've been waiting patiently to write this and I may revise this upon the game being completed, but I doubt it.When I heard they were remaking this game I was so stoked. Michael Dorn and Mark Hamill are doing voices as well, that's awesome! Bought into the early access and played the game, thought it was good. Beautiful, great sound and all my favorite races were back. The problem is each time I play it I find I'm less and less interested. The game seems to forgo deeper strategy for a glossy polish that simply makes the replayability slip and fall on it's♥♥♥♥♥The combat is kinda fun, but I found myself simming through battles more and more. The only time I can remember doing that in Moo 2 was near the end and I had a gross number of doom stars and didn't want to watch every stellar converter animation tear my opponent apart. My choices don't feel like they matter in combat, and you know who will win by the difficulty bar before it begins.The colony managment is a little better, but growth based off food supply doesn't seem to make much sense. Does having an abundance of food make my population sexually agressive? No freighters either so forget about colonizing that terrible radiated world that happens to have gems on it using food farmed somewhere else...Tech tree seems really streamlined. By that I mean it's pretty boring. Different weapons don't ""feel"" different. They get a little blastier as you go, a little more green or blue, but nothing substantial enough to make a mark on your memory like some of the weapons in Moo 2.Maybe that's not fair, this is a good 4x game, but every person who has played Moo 2 will have their opinion colored by their previous experiences with that game. Maybe they shouldn't have called it Master of Orion. The biggest problem with this game is I've already forgotten I own it and likely won't pick it up again. In contrast, if I'm flipping through my old CD book looking at old titles and find my copy of Moo 2. I usually spend that evening ignoring my wife and conquering the galaxy. I just don't see the staying power that title enjoyed.So congrats, you cashed in on my nostalgia and made a decent game, but I wouldn't expect people to be talking about in... wow has it really been 20 years? God I'm old."
,Not Recommended,298050,24733643,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Philippe Heroux,I know this game is still in early access but they have a long way to go.The bad:1) Tactical combat is real time2) You can't conquer a planet; all you can do is bomb it.3) No colony governors; No Heroes4) Ship don't earn XP5) Fleet management is very limited
76561198066014393,Not Recommended,298050,28522513,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Strompy,♥♥♥♥ing sucks.
76561198059484192,Not Recommended,298050,24872485,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,rballard778,"I just backspaced out of 10 paragraphs of valid reasons why this game sucks. I don't even care enough to post because devs are close minded/short sighted in their old age. They should've just remade MOO2 with better sound and graphics and left the genre alone for another 20 years. Sad, that they didn't. So sad."
,Not Recommended,298050,25265174,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,jeffs72,"EDIT: son bought the game (yay). He can't start a single player game, nor join or create a multi-player one. (boo). No one helping on the tech forums (full of people with issues no responses from devs) (boo again)____just...damn.I nearly cried playing this, it brought back so many memories of playing MOO2 with friends. The art, play style, everything, is a perfect homage to the classic. This is a long overdue overhaul imo and worth more than I paied for it. Buy the collectors edition imo, it was worth it for the retro style fleets and terran race choice.I can't wait to get my 10 yo playing it so we can conquer the galaxy together. (or destroy each other, never know :))This is what most MOO2 players expected from MOO3 I believe. It certainly is what I was hoping for way back when. And this game delivers. Seems stable as well, I haven't played long (yet) but no crashes or graphics glitches or anything.Devs, well done and thank you for doing this right.EDIT post playing some: I think the lack of multiplayer combat like moo2 is a double edge sword. makes the game go by much faster but yeah, misses something too."
,Not Recommended,298050,21454985,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Charles,V A PU R W A E R
,Not Recommended,298050,27539504,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,El Tuxo,"The windows version is stable now and it actually starts on Linux but the menu buttons are all borked and you cannot change settings or even start a game, not to mention is the save cross-platform? I have no idea because I cannot even reach that screen!!! >:("
76561198028170373,Not Recommended,298050,28150197,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Benzin,"EDIT 19 Feb 2017 - I cant recommend this game anymore.Besides several smaller gameplay bugs, Something is wrong with the optimization of the game, because i cant play it on large or huge maps as it becomes unplayable after the mid game.Once you hit the end turn button it takes for ever for end turn to process. So unless you like to play on very small maps (even the ""large"" ones arent too large in this game), the game becomes unplayable.Just for reference, my PC runs stellaris, Galactic civilizations 3 and other games without issue.But the reason im changing this review to Not recommended, is that the developers seem to have abandoned the game completely. They dont interact in forums, no future patch announcements, nothing.Its a damn shame really. This would be a nice game, if only it worked as intended.EDIT 11 Dec. 2016:More bugs have shown up in the game, some of them quite annoying! I wont change the review to ""not recommended"" because it IS a good game, and because the developers have been releasing patches and fixing problems regularly, but i will advice you to:Hold your purchase, check the forums first to see if the current issues have been fixed!This is a great 4X game with the perfect ammount of comlexity. It not so complex that you need to ""study"" how to play it for hours, or have to spend endless hours in micromanagement, while also not too simple as to make it simplistic or boring.It had some issues (bugs) in previous versions, but the latest patches have ironed out most of them.To me, its strongest points (what i like most) is:- The balance of complexity vs simplicity- The UI is very well tought out, intuitive and easy to use.- Graphics & cinematics are just beautiful. Probably the best ibe seen in a 4X game.- Music and sound is also very good. They keep the ambiance going.- The races are varied and interesting.The game is great. But you know whats even better? The Developers behind it. Unlike most other companies, these developers participate in the forums to help, update the game constantly, and even offer new features for free, where as other devs would try to sell them to you as some DLC [cough! paradox cough!].If you like 4X/space games, do your self a favor and get this one!"
76561198039925664,Recommended,298050,26484776,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,ILLITERATE,"Originally, I had this game as a ""do not buy"" due to a now fixed issue with the wait cursor freezing up the game around turns 45 - 70. Thankfully, the developers have sent through a patch to correct the problem.Now, on to the game itself. It's a definite improvement of the prequels. Graphics, sound, and game play are all pretty good. Nice choices for celebrity voice actors. Another improvement is not being hindered early in the game by basic engine technology limiting where you can go on the map; now it just defines how fast you can travel to a destination.No complaints worth mentioning. Still might be a little expensive, especially considering that there's going to be some DLC soon, but if it's on sale, I'd recommend picking it up."
76561198201957385,Recommended,298050,22824676,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,iskrid+*****,I love the game .. its running very well on ubuntu 16.10 on a intel i5 SandyBridge (built in graphics core)Everything about the game and it's story was discussed in the reviews before ... so have fun :)
,Not Recommended,298050,25535294,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,molchu,This game is a failure compared to MoO2.Enough said.
,Not Recommended,298050,21518389,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Agathos,"Revised since EA:TLDR, still no tactical combat option, the whole pollution mechanic is a major fun-killer, and the 'warp lanes' choice has really made it less than satisfying experience overall.  My EA recommendation is being changed now to a NO.  It's not a bad game.  It's just not MoO w/o at least a turn-based tactical combat option.  And, it's a simplistic 4x compared w/ so many others today.  The graphics and voices were great.  I'm not even upset about DLC races.  But, it's NOT MoO.  It's a MoO-basic.  I'll pass at this point.EA Review:So many good things about this game so far.  It is definitely early access--reduced races, weak AI (only average is available at this point), typical diplomacy issues for civ games (not clear there's the threat of war if you don't accept an offer, etc.), and similar minor issues.  But the game plays well so far and is true to the genre.  It's GalCiv w/ better graphics and smoother gameplay--but warp points and paths instead of freeform movement.  It's a different approach.  You can certainly better limit access to your homeworlds--but, you don't have the constant feel of threat either.I haven't found a ship design feature--and that's good, b/c the game is more 4x, less tweaking your loadout on each vessel.  Again, it's a different approach, and this one I prefer b/c the races that exist and ship designs are very cool and just as I pictured from the MOO past.The voice overs are fabulous.  The graphics are very nice.  Sound is nice.My only real complaint at this point is an RTS approach to combat instead of Turnbased as in MOO2.  For me, this is a real disappointment.  It isn't a 'No' at this point--there is still hope they'll add it before release, or promise it as an expansion option or dlc.  But, it isn't MOO2.  It isn't even a good RTS--even w/ a pause feature.  I find myself auto-resolving all combats b/c of it (i.e., 'Simulate' instead of 'Tactical').  That really makes it a different take on GalCiv III instead of MOO.Good game so far.  But, wait for 3 months until it releases if Turn-based combat is a big deal to you.Hope this is helpful!"
76561197991389707,Not Recommended,298050,28559051,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Cpt America,"As a player of Master of Orion II i was very happy about a remake for this best 4x game known to me.I have hoped, that the new Mater of Orion will be the same good than the original game, but with better graphics.The graphics may be better, but some of the gameplay changes have made this game worse:1. The new pollution system is much worse than in the original game and needs much more micromanagemant and unneccessary work on every single planet.2. The Antarans have now become annoying as hell and have made this game with their extremeley increased strength almost unplayable.3. The game is bugged. I was newer able to play this game to the end, because always after many truns, during the start of an antarans invasion, the game turn doesn't and.Als long as this the Antarans ai turn not ending bug isn't fixed, this game can't be recommended."
76561197977345078,Not Recommended,298050,26408170,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,jrasdall,"Revision: I'm changing this to a downvote for one reason: every game plays the same.  Each side, each set of conditions, it doesn't matter--you do the same things, every game.  There's very little actual strategy to it once you get some time into it, and almost no useful assymetry to the sides.Initial review: I don't know what the negative reviewers were expecting from this.  It's a solid combination of features from MoO 1 and MoO 2 (and of course, there is no MoO 3 so there's no point in mentioning it.)  I've been really enjoying it so far and look forward to many more games to come.Edit: Apparently some people didn't play/don't remember MoO 3.  It didn't go very well."
,Recommended,298050,23875097,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,TSA.Roadkill,"Update:  With current changes, making the game look and feel much more like Orion II, I'm changing my review to recommended.  Imo, the developer is delivering on the promises made.  Now that much of the old tech has been added, leaders added, and Antares  reintroduced, the game looks n feels much more like Orion II but with 2017 feature and graphics.  I have not encountered lockups, but gameplay will slow down deeper into the game when playing large maps with multiple AI opponents.***********************************************************Buyer Beware - Snazzy new graphic update but that is about it.  Boring gameplay, boring graphics.  I should have heeded the other negative reviews.  Fortunately, I purchased this during the Steam summer sale, so getting the old versions of Moo1 and Moo2 got me something worthwhile for my $.  Hopefully, onging development will deliver a game worth playing, but as of this moment this game is a total waste of my time and $.I enjoyed 100s if not 1000's of hours in Master of Orion 2; I was bored to tears within an hour in this one.   Going back to StarDrive II which is much more like Master of Orion 2 (with updated graphics, gameplay very like Mo2, but no spiffy voice acting or videos)."
76561198043034005,Not Recommended,298050,22905394,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,skyrider_sr,"Early access ReveiwThis game has a lot of potential.  I think anyone that likes a 4xer will have some fun with this.  Needs a fair bit of polish, but thats what EA is all about.-some of the best graphics I've seen in a 4x game (love to see the combat intro of my bada** fleet rolling in).-35 hrs and I haven't felt the need to turn down the music yet.-fairly bug free except for ship builder save often while building :)-get a kick out of the races good look and voice.-Worf does the narration how sweet is that?-devs post info on ea phases and plans for the game.  Seems to have the peeps and a plan that will lead to a good finished game.-loved Moo1 and 2 feels familiar still hate the Darlok:)-Just one more turn or maybe two...Wish list-more depth in tactical combat (better range control, control over when you fire,  control over special systems) not a movie but felt more like an observer then a fleet commander.-more info everywhere (biome type stats, weapon mod stats, etc).-fix broken relationships like equip high energy focus to increase beam weapon dmg but dmg doesn't increase in ship stat pannel.- more events in the galaxy Antarians anyone? maybe a hyperspace beast?-AI improvementsFEB 20 2017Looks like game has been abandoned in a bugy unbalanced state can not recommend.  Very sad.  Better then the mess that was MOO 3 but once again peeps that didn't understand the game tried to improve it."
76561198201961252,Recommended,298050,26407765,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,vikpr,"Now, after having that freeze bug fixed I would like to change my review to positive. The devs are really quick to respond and I enjoyed the game overall, I would say it's a worthy successor of the MoO2 classic. I haven't played MoO3 so I can't compare to that.Pros:- Great support from the devs;- Nice graphics;- Has almost everything from MoO2;- Has better diplomacy and spy features;- Military outposts: you don't need a fleet to guard your borders.Minor cons:- No hero units;- No colony bases (in MoO2 you could colonize a planet in the same system without colony ship, here you always need to have a colony ship);- No freighters for the galaxy food delivery. On the other hand, the food isn't such a big issue as it was in MoO2;Cons:- No antares. The biggest military challenge is the Orion guardian, and once you can beat that you don't have much left to do unless you're into conquering the whole galaxy. Of course you can beat them economically or technologically but it would be great to have that ultimate goal to wipe the bad guys.===================== My original review =============================TL;DR: Great game, too bugged. Don't waste your money.I've read those negative reviews, but I thought ""what the heck, it's MoO successor and everyone deserves a chance"" and there was the steam sale. At start the game was great, I know that everyone was expecting something on the MoO2 grade but though noone can beat the classic this game was ok. I really enjoyed the first steps, setting up your home system, spy network that works, the auto-scouts, the warp entrance military posts - it all sounded great. But once I hit a certain point the game just froze on the ""stuck on processing turn"".Ok, I started a new game, bla-bla, once I encountered Mrr'shan (or what's their name) ambassador it froze.Ok, third time's a charm, another ambassador, froze again.So no, despite the fact that this game has a lot of potential and I did love it when it didn't freeze I just can't play it because of it getting randomly frozen. And since it's not like a ""reload and it goes away"" freeze but the ""reload and freeze on the same spot"" freeze it's just unplayable."
76561198072015778,Not Recommended,298050,25587147,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Messi,Disappointing. Game is incomplete. Devs stopped updating.
76561198013020221,Not Recommended,298050,22204243,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Kjas,"The tactical combat is terrible. Sword of the Stars has excellent real time combat and Stars in Shadow has good turn based combat but the combat in this is not fun. You have limited control and a very primitive combat system. The computer keeps trying to control your units. The game is pretty and has good voice acting. The initial starting position can be unfair and often is unfair. Or it can be unfair to a.i. Great whether I win or not is decided by the original placement by the computer of my starting planet and my neighbors. They did eventually get ""most"" of the bugs out. But what I see as design flaws remain. Check the Metacritic score."
76561198080067830,Recommended,298050,26581201,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Duckdude4100,"I've taken a big liking to this game lately, hence the 150+ hours I've played it. I have one or two criticisms however 1. If you have a lot of powerful ships in combat, the framerate tanks to the point of being uncontrollable and unplayable. 2. If you have a GTX 960M and you're using windows 10, which according to Nvidia's info page on it is not officially supported, MOO can cause quite a lot of DRIVER_POWER_STATE_FAILURE blue screens, just keep that in mind.Other than that, it's a fun, competent and at times funny 4X game. I'd personally recommend it to anyone who enjoys 4X games and SPAAAACE!"
,Not Recommended,298050,21527974,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,HectorSmarties,"Updated review: I really tried liking this game, the production value is very good, but the game just looks stale and not fun compared to the originals. I would recommend to play MoO 2 for the original feeling, or Stellaris if you are looking for something new."
76561198120793037,Not Recommended,298050,21603637,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,SCGames,Long time MOO fan.  MOO1 is where my heart is.but somehow they lost the 'fun' with this remake.  it's just not fun to play.  I can't even play it... it's not exciting.
76561198012562723,Recommended,298050,28132567,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Hof,"Master of Orion CTS is a strange beast.On the one side, hey, it's not MOO3! THe game is certainly enjoyable, and you can have a lot of hours of fun with it. The campiness is back, all the races are there, fleshed out for everyone to see, graphics look good and there are no obvious setbacks.On the other hand, IT seems like a missed oportunity at many junctures. While it's great to have MOO for our generation, it fails to be as memorable as the first two, because it's just not innovative. Everything you do here you probably already did in moo1 and moo2.Also, some of the design choices are just odd. I mean, you can say yeah to starlanes or nay to starlantes, but once you decide to go with them, you have to own them, and i think they really missed the spot on this one.Antarans are fun, but they fail to be a ""Galactic scale"" threat and just turn into the new pirates V2.0, And If starlanes and choke points are going to be that important, then why not make the star-system scale as engaging as the galaxy map fleet movement ? Having moving from one planet to the next be as time consuming as moving from one star to the next just doesn't feel all that right. I don't presume to know how to fix it, but i can certainly spot there's some parts of the magic that are not as shinny as they should.I do enjoy the game a lot, and plan to get back to it tough. Hope you like the review!"
76561198007077462,Not Recommended,298050,22067906,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,nicholas84rm,"I played Master of Orion since I was a kid. I liked of the Master of Orion 2 the quite dark atmosfphere. Here in the new version of the game, this atmosfphere has been a bit lost.However, I like the decision of removing the turn based combat with the more real time combats.I think also that the game is in the right path and I am sure the developers will do their best to improve it before the release date.There are only a couple of things that really disappointed me.1- The star system really contains few planets. I would have liked more planets in each star systems and a larger variety of events.2 - I think the developer should make their best to make the universe more kind of living (e.g. Antarans, autoctones civilazations... in summary  more events  and maybe a story line about the Antarans).I will update my review in the future.----- update of my review after the release of the game ---The game unfortunately after the realease turned out to be not good. The points I raised in my previous review weren't addressed properly. I don't recomend this game."
76561198032789517,Not Recommended,298050,35460259,Posted: 3 October,all,dragonflyer27,"Tried to go back to the roots. (good idea after MoO3's utter and complete failure)Mostly successful in that respect, as well as new graphics, and some re vamping.Overall though just didn't quite fufill the excitement of the original, and MoO 2.It felt restricting in the galaxy overview.Combat system seemed more about the cinamatics rather than play.I cannot suggest the game, however, it does have its merits.So, my recomendation, wait for it to go on sale, then buy/play it."
