user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,298110,32420322,Posted: 14 June,all,Plasma,"If you liked Far Cry 3, you will like this.  It's a very similar open world game with lots to explore, do and find.  The  overall plot is OK, but no particularly clever bits nor anything particularly original.  The voice acting is excellent.I did have a few quibbles with the game though.There is no reason for 90% of the weapons.  I got access to the""Shredder"" early in the game and there was nothing else that could compete with it in terms of effectiveness for must situations until very late game when I got the ""Bushman"", and even that is debatable.  You have space of 3 other weapons as the game progresses, so one will be some sort of sniper weapon, another will be a single-handed weapon that you can use from vehicles leaving space of one heavy weapon.  For the last, I almost always carried a flame-thrower to get at the high propiganda posters that you have to destroy.  The only reason to even try some of the other weapons is to get ranking in the ""arena"", but even then, that's more of a grinding/time filler thing than any real  game reason to use the others.Along the way in the game you gain experience and ""karma"". Both of those will hit the cap quite early if you are completing most of the extra quests and missions.  Money is  also very easy to  come by, so that hits the limit of what you can carry (which can be expanded over the course of the game) fairly often.  This also relates to the weapons you can buy.  Over  time, most are given to you for free, but since money isn't really a limit, you will likely have bought them well before that time comes.There are lots  of places to explore, but usually not much comes of finding them (no extra missions, although  often a bit  of cash, which, as I mentioned above, you don't really need). Still, the game is pretty much wide-open right from the start, so there is a lot to explore and do.The game is gorgeous for the most part, but I did definitely notice the ""pop-in"" of objects in the far distance, especially when flying.8/10"
,Recommended,298110,17705398,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,PiozZ,"My detailed review about Far Cry® 4 :)Graphic 9/10+beautiful autumnal valleys+Dynamic day-night change+chic explosions+volumetric fog-here and there ugly textures-out of nowhere spawning ObjectsSound 10/10+nice weapon sounds+first class speakers+always great background music+nice effectsBalance 8/10+three levels of difficulty+many medicinal plants+fair checkpoints+crunchy camps in the north-Forts to crack almost exclusively in Co-op-occasional mild unfair (helicopter)Atmosphere 8/10+dynamic events such as Karma inserts+believable wildlife+Kyrater react to the hero+epic cutscenes+Funny Anarcho-radio broadcasts-Radio ist repeated quite fast-often desertedGameplay 9/10+catchy shooter gameplay+successful driving physics+convenient quick-trip+better menu than in FC3-only one save slotExtent 10/10+many main and larger optional side missions+several smaller tasks+challenging Arena Battles+tens of collectible itemsLevel Design 9/10+every now and then wonderfully oblique+Sometimes sneak times, sometimes shoot times+varied mission places+World almost freely accessible at the beginning+well hidden special places-long driveways despite Gyrocopter and fast travelKI 7/10+beautiful aggressive+calls reinforcement+sets grenades and mortars a useful+take cover+noticed bodies-Enemys can be tricked too easilyWeapons & Tools 9/10+A huge weapon arsenal+Weapons can be improved+48 skills+many weapons are unnecessaryStoryline 9/10+exciting, comprehensible action+Hero well situates in game world+brilliant opponent+multifaceted allies+Wow moments+tricky decisions ...-... that stay without comment at the endPoints 87/100"
,Recommended,298110,17915661,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,supernaut,"Far Cry 4 is for people who have imagination in taking down their enemies, turning Kyrat into their personal playground. Unfortunately I'm not one of those people. Giving someone like me a large map, filling it up with collectibles, chests and various activities, I will invest 80 hours into doing all of them. After 30-40 hours that stops being fun, especially if you take too much time between missions.Don't save up on money. If you unlock something, buy it and go have fun. It's unlikely you will run out of cash, cos there are so many ways to earn it. However, don't buy every map as soon as you can, cos you will be overwhelmed by the sight of what is available. Ignorance is bliss, just enjoy the moment and focus on completing the next objective.Forget about the chests, only open those that are closest to you at any given moment. Do not go on a chest-hunt, it's just mindless grinding. When it comes to discovering locations and looting, beyond just using the grappling hook to access them, I would like to see puzzles in future games, at least at the locations that are harder to get to. I don't know if anyone remembers this French TV show, but I enjoyed the hell out of Fort Boyard as a kid. Seeing something along those lines would make that side of Far Cry a lot more engaging.What I enjoyed about Far Cry 3, I enjoyed here as well. The hunting, the combat, climbing up bell towers (again, reminded me of Fort Boyard) and liberating outposts. But that's about it. To do just that for 20-30 hours, I would be content, but since I see all of that stuff on the map, I want all of it and I have no clue why. Every open world game has turned into a completionist nightmare, not full of game, but content.The game wasn't hard enough on Normal for me to hire help, so I spent almost nothing on those upgrades. I guess I would find a use for them on Hard. I also didn't use syringes much, except for healing, cos picking plants ran its course in the previous game. I'm also tired of slippery mountains, eagles, leaving an outpost and be told soon after that it's under attack. Most of all, I kept hoping that Pagan Min would have Rabi Ray Rana shot on air.Far Cry 4's bell towers, outposts and fortresses are puzzles in their own right, but everything between them is a bore. Granted, a pretty-looking bore. I soon gave up on reading letters, notes and journals. Once again, chests offered loot in the way of junk you can sell in a click of a button and also money. Chests = loot + money = money + money. Loot that is junk is not loot, which I hated in the Bioshock games as well.While I definitely recommend this game, I recommend it in moderation, cos it's a linear shooter in a vast open world, which makes it hollow. No matter how crazy the villain or the hallucinations in these games, no matter how many hundred people you assign to develop them, it's all too impersonal to stay with you. But if you know how to have fun in Far Cry, you will have fun and then some."
,Recommended,298110,13044866,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Slade Wilson,"After seeing way too many negative reviews for this game I figured I needed to write my own. Just so it is clear I am writing this review after playing 31 hours and beating the campaign.GameplayThe basic gameplay is very similar to Far Cry 3. You have campaign missions, side missions, liberate towers, and of course attack outposts. The biggest gameplay differences are throughout the main campaign you have two leaders arguing and you always need to be the decider. Second gameplay difference is now there are fortresses, which are a lot more fun too attack since they pose a little more difficulty. Third, the map being based in the hills has a lot more opportunities to make use of the grappling hook and the wing-suits. Finally the side missions are a lot more common and varied to keep it interesting even after you have finished the main campaign. A Quick side note, the economy is unballenced but since it is only in single player it isnt to horrible that way. I know I still have a ton of the map to explore. Overall the gameplay was familiar and I really enjoyed it but it didn't feel like an exact replica of Far Cry 3, they really improved the base model of gameplayGraphicsI have a custom built hi-end PC and I was able to take full advantage of the high graphics quality. Everything from the characters to the terrain to the animals all looks so amazing and only a few games able to compare with that level. I know that for people with lower end computers it may not be as important, but for someone who can run it, the graphics are amazing. I understand many (too many) players have had issues with the game from black screens to frame stuttering, I have not had these issues since the launch day but I hope Ubisoft fixes them all for everyone's sake.StoryWhile I was very skeptical of the story having to follow the amazing story brought to us in Far Cry 3. That being said the story is very well written. It has plenty of hooks and switches to keep you guessing from the start. One thing I will mention that there are several opportunities to shoot a person before they tell you their part of the story, I just wish that was a little more obvious so nobody misses any.SoundsAs usual the background music for the whole story was amazing as well as all the sound effects. Everything fit very well together and made the game one step closer to perfection.My Closing OpinionI loved the game. I do feel that the story was unable to match Far Cry 3 but was still amazing. I love the vehicles and coop was a nice addition. I know I will still be playing this game every second of my free time for probably another month or two. I know I still have plenty of submissions and collectibles lying around to keep me entertained for a while.Thank you @Orbitaldrop for the vertical gameplay and side missions addition"
,Recommended,298110,32681627,Posted: 23 June,all,Megakoresh,"TL;DR:One of the better Far Cry's, a few characters worse than Far Cry 3 and one Coop and story better than it. Stealth is slightly better here than in the old one, enemies slightly smarter, and hostile areas slightly better designed from a gameplay perspective. Other than that - the same. It's a formula game, which, for me, is a flaw, but you decide for yourself. With coop, reduced price and an interesting story with a surprising amount of depth, I can give this game a cautios recommendation.Been meaning to write this for a while. I completed the storyline for this game with my friend, which is what made it possible not to quit halfway through. The reason is the same as any formula game - it's very very similar to the previous ones built using this formula and everything has such a strong sense of deja vu, that if not for the ""4"" in the title, it just feels like an expansion to Far Cry [something that was made before].All flaws still apply - annoying grindy progression, which is mostly aimed at increasing convenience rather than gameplay variety, locked down map, where you have to grind throught he same outposts to unlock fast travel points, rigid vehicles that feel like you are driving a piece of plastic without suspension on another piece of plastic (i.e. off-road/on-road, it all feels the same, this no Just Cause with it's fun arcady off-road vehciles and super-fast asphalt ones), and so on. You can read all about it on the previous games and all of it will still apply.As for what's different - well, the storyline in Far Cry 4 is actually surprisingly clever. Despite the HUGE gameplay-narrative dissonance (small spoiler for explanation:the way they treat you really doesn't fit well with how you are basically a one-man army gameplay-wise), it plays the context of your missions and the characters around you into the overarching plot very, very well. Much better than Far Cry 3, which had these well-acted psychopaths for villans, but honstly other than that the plot was very generic - kill all and get out or go rabid. Far Cry 4 actually has a lot more depth to both the player character, his history and the main villain, to the point when there's a hidden ending to the game 15 inutes in, that, only at the end of the game, if you complete optional objectives, do you actually realise might have been the best one. I really liked the storyline, even if it didn't have as many interesting characters as the third one.Another thing is coop - it is (sort of) proper this time. You can invite your friend, they take the role of another character in the game's story, and you can do all activities together. Caveat? It is 2-player only, and the map progression is only saved for the host. But taking outposts in coop is a lot more fun than in SP, so I still recomend buying this game only if you have someone to play with, especially if you played any of the previous Far Cry games.I could go on about gameplay, stealth being slightly better especially in coop, and so on, but honestly - it's all the same as other Far Cry games. That's the thing about formula games, and why I think they are never good value. Some parts may be better, but 90% of this 50€ title you have already played.[RANT BELOW]This is the last game I buy with this formula. The devs here clearly wanted and could make something really cool, but they were forced to stick to formula, presumably to fit the schedule, budget and the brass's opinions about what makes a good game. Maybe some day people actually figure out that if they stop letting themseleves be ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tted by hype, marketing and maker knows what else into buying and pre-ordering formula games, then we might actually start seeing innovative and interesting... Ah who am I kidding. If people were smart about purchase decisions, we wouldn't be in this mess to begin with."
,Recommended,298110,13306375,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Karnalsyn,"The sheer amount of random stupidity I get into while playing this game, elevates it to one of my favorite open world series of all time. I could go on and on in a review about this game, and how perhaps it might lack in certain areas or could have been improved. But honestly, at the end of the day it's not about how unique/interesting mission XYZ was. It's about how fun it was just trying to get to the mission and come out alive. My joy for this series can only be explained via scenarios of actual random events...-Completing a hostage rescue mission only to have a pack of dogs jump out of the bush and kill the hostage mere seconds after he says ""thanks friend, I thought I was finished"".-Seeing a leopard bound across the road in front of me and leap attack a yak, grappling it at it's throat, spinning over it and taking it to the ground.-Finish up purchasing ammo and selling random junk to a traveling merchant. He bidding me farewell saying ""See you again soon"". Then a couple locals in a car killing him in a hit and run 2 feet from me.-Shooting the pilot out of a heli over top of the fortress I'm trying to take down and watching it crash into a jeep with 3 guys pulling up due to the reinforcements alarm having gone off.-Watching 2 bears or 2 tigers up on their hind legs scratching and clawing at eachother for territory dominance.-Eagle just swoop down and carry off that pig? Yup, that just happened...I have stories for days about my experiences in this game. It truly is like no other gaming experience."
,Recommended,298110,13190107,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Mr.Quiggles,"Far Cry 4 is an excellent sequel to an all time favorite FPS, open world, exploratory game of mine, Far Cry 3.However, this game is not without sin.Ubisoft, get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together and start respecting PC Gamers. We are a loyal fan base and the nice thing to do is Port correctly. Along the same lines, don't release things unfinished and have to resort to releasing multiple patches after release to make the game even playable for some. This game is horrendous when it comes to PC optimization requiring a near supercomputer to run at the highest settings (An issue Far Cry 3 never had).Storywise, this game is completely brilliant, unlike anything I've seen in regards to Open World Shooters. Sidequests, exploration, interactive enviorments are all a plus. But I couldn't help but notice how un-innovative this game is compared to Far Cry 3. There's a new map for sure. New animals, new obstacles, new guns, ect. But other than the basics which get old quickly, there isn't any new innovation here. Everything from vehicles, crafting, hunting, photos tagging, it's all a direct copy from the prior. Very disappointing considering how new and well done Far Cry 3 was.In conclusion, Ubisoft, these titles and series are great, well thought out and executed for the most part, but I fear for your future. You disregard loyal fan bases, push out games before they are ready, and lack creativity when it comes to your titles. You are a studio that has revolutionized in the past, but this game has noticable corners cut, which is not what I expect of Ubisoft, a company with great potential.Mr.Quiggles Super Heavily Intensified Testing Score (♥♥♥♥♥) : 8.2/10EDIT 12/08/14 - The 1.5 Update brings much Audio/Visual updates to the game. This update has noticable frame stuttering fixes, and CPU/GPU performanced I have personally seen w/ monitoring programs. The score has been revised to reflect the improvement of stability in the game.EDIT 12/26/14 - ""Near Super Computer"" was a exaggeration joke. I did not literally mean 5000 GTX Titan's all watercooled was the only way to run this at maxmimum settings."
,Recommended,298110,12982034,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,benatssu,"It plays just like Far Cry 3, with more.  better map, more weapons, etc.  Sure it's similar to FC3 with the liberating of outposts and control towers, but there's a lot of new content and places to explore.Smooth gameplay, good models, beautiful scenery, ambient sounds.. it's a lot of fun.  I'm really enjoying just walking around doing my own thing, discovering locations just by chance, with my bow and arrow ready to take down any wild animals I come across.Lots of interface options too, so you can remove the minimap and other helpers, and take off auto tagging when u aim a weapon at a bad guy to make the experience more immerseful.Well, im sure there's a bunch of professional indepth reviews coming to help you decide whether or not to buy it, but if u loved FC3, then u'll love this too!I haven't come across any major bugs yet, I have the graphics on ultra and occasionally get some sort of flickering effect now and then, but nothing to dampen the enjoyment of playing..*update!*This flickering effect appears to be some sort of tree glitch, where trees are changing between a detailed 3D model to a 2D model rapidly, and this has been solved by updating nVidia driver to 344.75 :)As for controls, they are fine. Only thing I had to adjust is the look sensitivity for the mouse, felt too low on default.My system is quite high end so I haven't experienced any lag, crashes or framerate drops, which seem to the the basis for all the negative reviews so far.."
76561197990926038,Recommended,298110,28368601,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Heresy,"In Order to have the most fun with this game i recomend this:1. Turn off Crosshair2. Turn off Hud3. Turn off Minimap4.Turn off damage indicator5.alow outpost respawn6.Pretend its farcry 2 without jamning weapons, malaria but with brightly coloured neon clothed enemies.7. Learn to hipfire the bow without sights to feel like a god.8. Only use pistols as primairy weapons.9.dont upgrade anythingIf you do all these things, the game becomes much more immersive, slighly more challenging and allows you to enjoy its beautiful world more than simply running to the next flashing yellow dot on your mini map.Too many people rush into these new games without thinking about what would make things more enjoyable and instead of creating new stories and experiences they go from A to B while staring at the mini map.If only people took their time with these new games instead of playing on the easist settings and rushing through them.I enjoy my games to be challenging, i enjoy games to take a long time to beat. If a fps game is lacking immersion, challenge etc then adapt and make them fun.The one point that i actually hate is how since Farcry 3 the enemies stand out so brutally well in the environments. These factions are ♥♥♥♥ing idiots and instead of survival they care more about identity. This leads all enemy AI to be Brightly colored Red and your allies to being blue/yellow. This is the one thing that really kills immersion in these games. I mean its a jungle island and asian mountains so lets have enemies run around in brighly colored jumpsuits? Its just one of those accessibilites they added to the game for casuals and in wish it was removed.In the end its a triple AAA fps game made for our current generation of no minds who want shiny objects, loud noises and easy success. But that doesnt mean you cannot handicap it in your own way to have an ejoyable experience."
,Recommended,298110,24462876,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Vladimir Vladimirovich Putin,"Far Cry 4:Want an accurate, detailed review of Far Cry 4? Look no further.Ladies and gentleman, Ubishit has done it again. They have created a beautiful and large open world, filled with repetitive collectible items, uninteresting landmarks and more lacklustre content. Go figure!Positives:+ Graphics for the most part are good, however some weird textures are present even on ultra settings.+ As with all Far Cry games, their strength comes from fantastic gunplay, explosions and customisable weapons, which don't fail to disappoint in Far Cry 4. Combat is really engaging and enjoyable.+ Some characters have more vibrant personalities in comparison to previous titles, but they are still not very well fleshed out.+ I like the addition of rock climbing which adds a new layer to exploration, especially since Kyrat has very mountainous terrain.+ Some of the story missions are pretty cool and original. You'll travel to the Himalayas in the snow, take out artillery with c4, capture Opium farms or destroy them (depending on what you choose) + more.Mixed:~ The game can be semi-difficult on the hard setting (which is good). You'll die sometimes if you don't approach situations properly, however most of the time it's a breeze.~ About 60 hours of gameplay for completionists, a lot less for the main campaign. So it depends on the type of player you are as to how many hours you'll get.Negatives:- Little character development, not much is known about the main character Ajay Ghale, or for that matter Amita and Sabal, who are supposed to be leaders of the Golden Path resistance. Not much backstory tieing together how and why Ajay has decided to help the rebels against Pagan Min's army. Story seems weak. Cutscenes are very short, no options to talk, Ajay is rather reserved and just agrees to anything and everything lol. Sometimes a crucial mission decision will be given to the player, but it's far too irregular.- Hundreds of boring collectibles and around 50 outposts and watch towers combined, which are scattered across the map. These are required to unlock unique rewards and I can see many people tiring over this. As a completionist player I can say this started to get old by the 70% mark, it's definitely not good game design. It really started to wear on me and I just wanted to finish. This is what we've come to expect from Ubishit. A big open world game with potential, then littered with collectible crap everywhere, resulting in no player engagement or story.- The amount of loot and rewards in this game is insane. You'll never run out of rupees, even if you buy every weapon, all the loot maps, religiously purchase body armour and medkits and restock ammo. It means there's little challenge - resources are all over the place. I've crafted a wallet capable of holding 2million rupees and it is constantly over the 1.4 million mark, despite the fact I've bought every item possible. To be fair I've done a lot of exploring, but it's still unbalanced.- You'll find a lot of the time you fail stealth missions for absurd reasons or the mission objectives make no sense. ""Kill 3 enemy commanders with an assault rifle"". Why an assault rifle? No one knows..Didn't kill them with an assault rifle? You fail! Try again! On occasion silenced weapons like the .50 cal sniper can be heard by enemies or draw their attention, even with a clean headshot. Kinda useless. Other side quests will ask ""kill the enemy commander silently, then loot his body without being detected"". Again, no explanation as to why this needs to happen, and if you kill all the enemy soldiers silently, leaving the commander for last, all is well. But if you decide to pop them with a machinegun - you fail, commander alerted! Even though he has nowhere to run anyway, lol.- There's some unrealism present which irked me. Sure it's a video game, but I don't expect a rhino to take 90 bullets from an assault rifle to kill (even on hard lmao) It's simply preposterous. It doesn't make the game feel difficult when you make that design choice, it just makes it ludicrous and laughable as well. I also don't expect an eagle swooping me to drop the health bar by 50-75%. Then there's repairing vehicles, which can be done simply by using a blow torch lol. Heavily armoured enemies can take over 100 bullets to the chest...- There are a few variations of side quests - bomb defusing, armed escorts, retrieving Golden Path supply drops, destroying Pagan Min's propaganda centres, hunting and assassination tasks, plus a couple of others. Sadly that's all you'll get for the entirety of the game. Again, repetitious content with no meaningful plot behind it. Pointless grinding of the arena for 2 hours, just to get a rare weapon. Lame as ♥♥♥♥.In summary, Far Cry 4 is more of the same. Nothing new, innovative or exciting (bar a few exceptions). But more of the same works when you've got a formula that has seen past success.The game is not bad, it is definitely fun, but it does not improve on any of the problems Far Cry 3 had. While Far Cry 3 and 4 have a lot of similiaties, the difference is that Far Cry 3 fixed a lot of problems inherent in Far Cry 2 and hence I scored it higher than Far Cry 4, which fell flat in this regard.Ubishit sticks to the recipe of collectible garbage, dull, filler side quests, great graphics and amazing shooting.Put it in the oven and you get...""Meh, getting a bit old, could've been a lot better but it's still cool""Overall score: 7/10"
,Not Recommended,298110,27755595,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Pumpkin,"READ THIS IF YOU'RE BUYING THIS GAME FOR THE CO-OP.The steam page says, ""Far Cry 4 allows for a second player to drop in and drop out at any point"" this is an absolute lie.First off, you have to finish the Prologue and Act 1 to unlock co-op, second YOU CANNOT PLAY ANY OF THE CAMPAIGN MISSIONS IN CO-OP. Even though the game literally says, ""co-op campaign"" you can't join a friend's game while they're doing a campaign mission or start a campaign mission while in a friend's game.So what can you do in co-op? You can go around in the open world and help your friend find collectibles, unlock radio towers, capture outposts, and do side-quests but if you're the second player NONE OF THOSE THINGS WILL CARRY OVER TO YOUR SAVE FILE. The things that do carry over are skills, money, weapons, perks, exp...anything that has to do with your character. Anything having to do with unlocking stuff on the map doesn't carry over."
76561197993612995,Recommended,298110,14288286,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Danda,"Far Cry 3 + bad story + mountains + helicopters = Far Cry 4FC4 is a glorified expansion pack for FC3. If you haven't played FC3, go and get that one: it's much cheaper and better. But if you loved FC3 and desperately need more of it, then buy this (when it's on sale)."
,Not Recommended,298110,12991043,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,overdrive148,"Well... I really hate to say it, but I'm actually  disappointed by Far Cry 4 so far.About 8 hours of gameplay in since release (3 on steam, 5 on uplay last night offline mode).I pre-ordered it with high hopes from the trailers.(given that so far this is my experience in the amount of time I've played so far as shown by the hour count in the top of the review.)Things that are the same from Far Cry 3:-Weapons progession the same so far, look the same and sound the same-The quests to recapture cell towers, complete with rickety and broken sections down to the same ropes to jump-climb to. Even the exact same zip lining to the ground and the zoom to the 3 different areas around each tower.-Trash looting and selling is the same-Skinning has the exact same animation-Collecting plants has the exact same animation-Healing yourself is the exact same in function and very close to the original animation-Hang gliders are the exact same in function and model-Outposts. Right down to the alarms.-Fire extinguishing animationThings that are new so far:-Grappling hook that can only be used in certain places-Setting destinations on the map shows the roads to take to get there in your minimap as well as on the road itself-Auto drive so you can shoot while driving (also functions as fast travel, although I hit cars in the road while using it)-Different skill tree-Bait to bring wild animals to bear (no pun intended) on enemies-New mission style at major intersections - ""choose your path"" which affects your gameplay-New enemy ""hunters"" can charm animals and use them to attack you-Throwing knives and riding elephants into fightsHonestly, I feel like this is more of an expansion than a new game in and of itself. The initial trailer had me excited but now that I've gotten into it...it's more of the same. Which isn't necessarily a bad thing. I loved Far Cry 3 for the story and the mechanics. I just wish it wasn't so re-hashed so far.Without really wanting to get into spoilers, you get thrown into the action (once again a tourist in a foreign place with a seemingly insane person) only this time...you're just bringing your mother's ashes to a place. You're not kidnapped and forced to run for your life and survive - everyone knows who you are and you're just a tourist. There's no story motivation to skin animals or collect plants like there was in Far Cry 3 - you're just some random guy who even makes the same noises when doing so. The psychological effect of watching Jason from the last one go from scared and weak to eventually being able to do complicated takedowns and becoming less affected when skinning animals was fantastic. With Far Cry 4...you are a tourist who is trying to deliver his mom's ashes. And incidentally you are a great shot and know exactly what to do with plants (harvesting with the same animation) and taking skins after killing animals (with the same animation). The main character feels bland and un-interesting, down to his voice lines.The whole basis of the plot (3 or so hours in, this may or may not change) for your character is that you're some guy's son. Really. And for some reason everyone knows it even though you're just coming back to Kyrat. That's the basis of your abilities and your fame.In FC3 you earned that feeling, people saw you as a skinny white guy until you got the tatau and everyone knew what you had done and how much of a badass you'd become. Vaas even let you go because he didn't think you were a threat. Even your friends realized it later and were frankly scared by it. The sequence in FC3 where you were driving away, telling Liza to serpentine while grenading vehicles behind you and actually laughing out loud - that's the point at which the player realizes he really has changed. That kind of immersion in which you kill the first guy with the knife after he tries stabbing you and going ""oh crap, oh crap"" then proceeding to run shows the character's flaws and how blatantly unprepared he is for dealing with getting his friends back. He was nervous about even shooting a pistol in the beginning.In FC4 it's another guy who has no...development? He can shoot guns, he can loot plants, he can skin animals but there's no motivation for it. He's just...there. In the middle of a war, trying to get his mom's ashes to a place. And for some reason isn't shocked there's a war going on, but instead says ""i'll help you guys out"" and runs around the island probably with his mom in his backpack.I'll update later as I play through. It's not a terrible thing that it's a lot of the same...but I don't think it's worth 60 bucks as an entirely new game.Again, this is all -so far- so players can get an idea of the amount of time I've played vs what I've seen. Thanks for reading, feel free to share your ideas. I intend on being active in the review process."
,Recommended,298110,13266436,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,WardenWolf,"Far Cry 4 takes Far Cry 3's excellent gameplay and refines it to near-perfection. One thing you will notice when running around is that the game feels a lot like Far Cry 3, but a lot of the annoyances are fixed. Falling damage isn't nearly as brutal, and takes a longer fall to trigger it; simply jumping while running on a slight slope will no longer take half your health. The driving physics are also much-improved, and the vehicles, though similar-looking, are more useful and a bit more capable off-road. The pickup trucks no longer look so generic, and actually strongly resemble older-model vehicles of a particular US brand. You also get access to a wider variety of powerful weapons much sooner than in FC3.Skill progression in FC4 is much more open than in FC3. There's fewer restrictions based on where you are at in the campaign. Sometimes you do have to accomplish a particular feat or task to unlock a skill, but it always tells you what you have to do so it isn't hard to figure out. Side missions are much more varied and rewarding.The biggest problem I've had is that the game tends to stutter a bit randomly, for no real reason, and my machine exceeds the recommended hardware in every way. I am sure a future patch will fix this, but it is a bit annoying at times.Overall, if you enjoyed Far Cry 3, you'll love Far Cry 4. It takes everything great about Far Cry 3 and improves it."
76561198065596975,Recommended,298110,13020850,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,IronRhino,Like Far Cry 3 but with a 4
76561198047309406,Recommended,298110,32525192,Posted: 17 June,all,selkenshin,"Good enoughThis is a good game, however, if you play FC3 and FC4 in a row you will notice too many similarities in gameplay, which could render this last one repetitive, however, FC4 takes all the good things (almost) and add a few more, while polishing the existing ones. The story is great, and I really enjoyed questioning myself about my decisions in game.As for the gameplay, expect Far Cry at its best at the time, kill, sealth if you want, all guns blazing if you want, and the new ""crush your enemies with an elephant"" kind of gameplay. There are some ocassional bugs, but they are not by any means game breaking.9/10 happy for playing this game, unhappy for my decisions."
,Not Recommended,298110,14086229,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Marduk1813,"When reading this please keep in mind that I love Far Cry 3 and spent probably around 150 hours in it. I've beaten the story 2 times, I conquered all outposts dozens of times and I've got the max level in MP. I reached the point now where I am totally done with FC3, and ready for FC4. I played FC4 now for around 30 hours, but I'm already done with it because I am so disappointed.If a game series is moving on to a new chapter, then I personally expect some kind of progress in the basic gameplay while keeping the good moments and the atmosphere of a game-series. This is my main complaint about FC4: the lack of progress. The thing which made FC3 awesome was that the developers really tried to take the criticism of Far Cry 2 to heart and create a great new gaming experience.In FC4 I can't see anything of this. It's FC3 in a new setting, telling basically the same kind of story and fails to add some significant gamechanging features. The basic-gameplay (movement, gunplay, driving, flying, etc.) is a total rip of the predecessor, with all good and bad. Similar thing with the features: exploring, hunting, leveling, side missions, enemies - mostly the same stuff as before, most of the time worse then FC3 (Hunting is totally the same, only 2 skill trees left with a few more ""skills"", some new sidemissions, only one new type of enemey, ~70% ripped weapons, ...).The story isn't as good as FC3. The FC3-story itself wasn't extremely good, but basicly ok and lived by the great characters. FC4 also tries to create some interesting characters, but fails to compare to FC3 yet again.The technical side of the game is well-done. Kyrat is a beautiful setting, the graphics are as impressive as the sounds (nice music, great weapon sounds, good synchro). I haven't noticed any bugs so far. Only complaint here is the very ugly menu and some of the controls, which is caused by the console-port. One big plus is that you can play everything except the story-missions in coop. I can't say much about MP because i'm really not up for it anymore.FC4 might be a good game standing by itself, but compared to the progress FC3 made after FC2 this is a total shame. If you are going to say that Battlefield 4 is Battlefield 3.5, then you also have to say that FC4 is FC3.2. After I finished FC3 I was really up for a new game experience, but this isn't it - only a new setting and some extremly disappointing features doesnt justify 60€ or the ""4"" behind ""FC"". Feels like an addon, so why sell it as full-price? Next time, Ubisoft, take one or two years more and then release a game which really brings the series to a new level.If you never played the FC-series before, get FC3. If you did, then don't spent more then 30€."
,Recommended,298110,17495545,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Mr Jack,WARNING SPOILERSPagan Min is actually the good guy in this game which is a surprise.Pagan never hurt you.He's the only one that ever fed you a decent meal.He's the only one that ever offered to personally take you to fulfil your mothers wishes.He never asked you to do him any favours.He wants to give you everything he has.In comparison to the Golden path.All Amita and Sabal do is tell you that Min is a bad guy and tell you to do stuff for their benefit.They never offered you any help.They never fed you.They never actually really care for you or want to give you anything.They just want to kill Pagan and take over the Golden path and the country for themselves.Amita and Sabal are the actual bad guys in this game.Have no idea why we had to spend the whole game helping them.I wanted to side with Pagan and help him kill Amita and Sabal and all the members of the terrorist group known as the Golden Path instead.
76561198052327272,Recommended,298110,30233847,Posted: 27 February,all,goldenforge,I got 100% in around 90ish hours. good game fun and can be rather tough in some parts. Story is not what i would call great but its not the worst and some quest lines were obviously cut short at the last minute(kyrat fashion week for one).But still the open world is done well and it's fun to experiment with the combat and base capturing.Story 6/10open world 9/10combat 10/10weapon customization 7.5/10overall experience 8/10
,Recommended,298110,13024500,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,glugplug,"I was walking towards an outpost and before I could scout it out, a honey badger than had been following me ran in past me and killed everyone for me. The honey badger then killed all of the golden path people, then proceeded to look at me, chirp twice and walk away.11/10"
,Not Recommended,298110,14194503,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Florin,"Just because I live in Russia, I'm unable to get English version. Also, Russian translation really, really sucks. It almost feels like publisher encourages piracy, since I can only get English by pirating it. That's just stupid. And really annoying."
76561198076308694,Recommended,298110,13906406,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,redwolf,"in short: Games is awesome, Uplay is the worst invention since Skynet and I would rather roll around naked in rusty razorblades than use it. unfortunately, I have to.long version:many people have complained about this game. Many people have said that it is too much like Far Cry 3, that there isn't anything new. As they went on, they mentioned bugs, glitches, and a multiplayer mode which is not working. but that's a FAR CRY (badumm tss) from the truth. Not that far though.What they failed to mention is that, while 4 is very much like 3, it also is more than that, and, most importantly, more fun. AC 2 was a hard copy of 1 with a little cherry on top...ok,  a big cherry, but the following games all used the same principle. Now, after they puked out a hundred titles of tower climbing simulator, people finally noticed and started to complain.Yes, FC3 and 4 are similiar. You cant expect an open world shooter to be a chess game with hookers, can you? But it's still wildly entertaining, on a very base and simple level, which is not a bad thing, as you can see with other base and simple things I can't write here.Now, there were some things I didn't like.Maybe it is a lot to ask, but who am I playing? Some guy, coming to Kyrat to scatter my mothers ashes. And of course I am also perfectly trained in combat, able to comandeer every vehicle, use every weapon perfectly...seriously, he comes out of nowhere and dishes out some stuff that would make most war vets wet their bed. At least that surfer guy in 3 had his magic tattoos which gave him spiritual...killing...and...aiming...powers....I guess.  Just a little hint as to why I am suddenly a one man army, would have been nice, narration is after all an important part of a game.The fortresses, while a great idea, were meant as a co-op opportunity, very hard, and, as the voice over states, almost impregnable as long as the residing antagonist is still in charge. This was a blatant lie, since I could snipe my way to the heart of the fortress with ease, and  I am a casual gamer. I imagine the hardcore guys  did it while reading Ulysses or something. Overall, easy outposts was that easy. You might argue that the game gives you the opportunity to make it harder for youself, with a differnet set of weapons, or doing it while only using takedowns. While this might be fun for some, I don't want to cripple myself to artificially (haha, while talking about a game) to increase the difficulty. so...that could have been done better.I liked the Idea of the Hunter enemy, tougher to fight, able to control the wildlife (how? you ask? it's a game ubisoft says, buy it and shut up) and...rarely seen. possibly out hunting or something. I remember 4 distinct skirmishes with them, other than that, absent. then again, they might be busy, who am I to argue with their day to day work.It is a shame that almost all the weapons are taken from FC3, also, there are several weapon sets which, in combination, are so ridiculously overpowered that you can basically play as asian rambo/chuck norris most of the time. The Z93 for example, a sniper with, if you wish, a silencer, is able to kill a guard from 4 meters away (45.432 hobscotches for our friends in the colonies) and his friend right next to him can not hear it. And I did not play on easy or anything.Also, driving still feels like you comandeer a bar of soap on soapy streets in a hailstorm of soaps while eating soap.Now, what did I like.The main antagonist is, like in Far Cry, devillishly charming. Evil, ruthless, cruel and also very eloquent. I was always waiting for him to broadcast something, or call me, or show up, which could have happened more. I also liked the connection to asian rambo, in other words, you, the player, obviously, who himself appears a tad bland next to such an demonic peacock. The other characters are more or less well executed, I also liked de Pleur, though I can't say why because of spoilers. Willis appears again, also nicely done, and overall, a story unfolds which I was interested in. Not overly interested, but still.I enjoyed traversing the area, collecting the wildlife to do my bidding as an ammuniton receptacle, there were other side quests which enticed me to follow because of the story they told, spoilers, again, so, see for yourself.Actively including animals in the fights through the use of bait was a nice touch. sometimes it didn't work though, because 'no animal is interested in your bait'. then again, ubisoft might have been going for realism here. Oh, and riding elephants into battle...yes. that please, again, on rhinos maybe. Lots of killing happend. Good times.before I forget. I hate eagles now. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, the lot.in summary, even though it might sound as if I actually didn't like it, I did. very much.The good thing is, even though I only have a 550 TI, the graphics were still pleasant to look at. I would compare it with FC3 on Xbox. I was at this game the whole week now because there is so much to do, so much to see, so many foes to smite with the use of my mighty soundless wonder sniper.I would have wished for some more new additions, maybe some different takedowns, or some more opportunity to invole the world around me in the action, like they did in the promo video with the barrel and the c4. I also hope they don't bring down they series with worthless DLCs, though it's ubisoft, so they will, as far as I can tell.I bought it for 45 Euros, and I don't feel like I have been ripped of. If you enjoyed FC3, you will enjoy FC4, they do give you a lot to play with. I would not pay more though.*edit*I corrected some typos, sorry for those. Also I like to add that some of the maps created by users are more fun than crying really far. I'm sorry, that didn't go as planned. so yeah, they are fun."
,Recommended,298110,19897674,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Captain Serious,FC4 = FC3 + Elephants + Rhinos + Eagles + a personal Helicopter + mortars - a great Skrillex song.If you liked FC3 you'll love FC4.Fu*king Eagles.
76561198057250690,Recommended,298110,13022685,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,PortalsFTW,"If you liked Far Cry 3 you'll probably like this game because the core gameplay is very similar. If you're tired of Far Cry 3's gameplay and were looking for something new, this game isn't for you. On the other hand, if you don't mind playing a very similar style of game, then I can say that they greatly improved on many of Far Cry 3's features, and even added some welcome new ones. Overall, I would recommend this game if A) you haven't played Far Cry 3 or B) you enjoyed the last game and aren't stingy."
76561198042917678,Recommended,298110,27203948,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,juba-duba,Pagan Min definetly needs a hug
,Recommended,298110,16768835,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Farsken,"NOTE: I've only played singel player.Quite similar to Far Cry 3. Recommended if you liked FC3 ( I did).But a bit to many ""acid missions"" for my taste. If I want to get high on mushrooms in a game, I'll play Super Mario.The Himalayas missions are very cool though.(And Uplay is required)"
,Recommended,298110,32991216,Posted: 29 June,all,Black Tongue,"This was a great purchase at $15.I'm reluctant to give Ubisoft my money for a lot of reasons but I broke weak this time, got this and AC Black Flag. I have to say Far Cry 4 is successfully scratching an itch I've had for open world fun that constantly keeps me occupied - almost to a fault at times, but it's a slight bitterness beneath the generally sweet, flavorful gameplay.This isn't perfect. Far more often than not (+60%) right after I buy some armor I end up getting mauled by the wildlife and that lovely kevlar vest evaporates before I even get within 1km of my destination. This is merely annoying; cash is abundant and easy to come by so replenishing armor and ammo is just a more button presses. What's actually annoying is the way that when a ""random encounter"" happens somewhere ALL OF THEM HAPPEN AT ONCE. It's like playing Skyrim when you got jumped by NPCs bandits while vampires were attacking while a dragon was barreling down on you and oh cool here come the local guards because some dumbass lept into the path of your shout at the bandits. All at once. Something very similar to that happens nearly every time I'm traveling and am in the process of pulling a honey badger off my ballsack or have just completed murdering some Royal Army courier and/or Commander.I will say this: it's hard to get bored. And the scenery is much more to my liking than Far Cry 3.Don't bother with the DLC. There's nothing about this world or this gameplay that justifies the extra expenditure - and none of the DLC have majority positive reviews."
,Recommended,298110,18563635,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Mizu,Far Cry - Where every bullet gets stuck in your arm and no where else.
,Recommended,298110,23508073,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Large Dan,"I seriously recommend this game if you have the hardware to run it guys, really.I have 200hrs in this game, and in that time I have COMPLETELY 100 percented the game, and i dont mean just the campaign, i mean i have burned ALL the posters, found ALL the treasure, collected ALL the notes and unlocked every single weapon and item in the game. I am very proud of this, and you will be too when you get this game.PS: If anyone has this game, hit me up L8r id love to play some co op"
,Recommended,298110,15992847,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Defender of Sexyness,"This game goes by the saying ""Don't fix what isn't broken"". A lot of what made the last game great has been copied to this and polished even further.-Firstly the graphic detail is spectacular, not much else I can say about that.-Heaps more side quests and odd jobs with the addition of random events ensures there is always something to do.-Story line is interesting and is influenced by the missions you decide to do-Characters are great and voice acting is spot on.-Enemy AI is quite intelligent-Local wildlife is just as dangerous and is a great addition to only human enemies. Wolves, bears, tigers, honey badgers, rhinos and many moreIf you're like me and you're bored of conventional military shooters that throw you in a linear setting with conveniently placed cover and walls of enemies that know exactly where you are no matter what you do, this game and Farcry 3 are great refreshing ways to play. Much of your engagement in the open world are wandering patrols, vehicle convoys, lightly guarded camps, fortified compounds or even just a dude taking a♥♥♥♥♥♥ Each setting allows for many ways to approach.- Lure them into secluded spots for silent take downs-Pick them off from distance with a sniper rifle or bow-Throw in a hunk of meat to lure a tiger or a pack of wolves to cause chaos-Set fire to the ground and watch the flames spread and engulf enemies-Fly over with a hang glider and throw rocks like an ewok on endor.-Set landmines or c4 charges-Run in guns blazing throwing grenades.-Run in guns blazing throwing grenades while riding an elephant.With access to gear and weapons like pistols, smgs, shotguns, rifles, snipers, bows, heavy weapons, grenades, throwing knives, molotovs, c4, landmines etc (all can be modified as well) There are many fun an entertaining ways to play.The only downside to this game is that it doesn't really have replay value. However im 40 hours in and I still have plenty to do.This is a fantastic game and a great addition to the franchise.May Pagans light shine upon you all."
,Recommended,298110,13287218,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,PeaceWalker,"Let's just admit, drugs and explosives makes everything better. You can even blow drugs up with explosives."
,Recommended,298110,24625853,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Timontim01,"It's a good game, but if you have played Far Cry 3, then you're not missing out on much. The game does well by adding a few new mechanics to this new installment and by improving the mechanics that needed some work in the last game, but it falls short in various aspects as well. Remember how you couldn't move dead bodies in Far Cry 3? Well now you can. Remember how you couldn't do a Chain Takedown to and from a Heavy Enemy Unit? Well now you can. Remember how the in-game currency was useless in Far Cry 3? Well now it isn't. Remember how you would have to actually wait until nighttime to approach  a mission stealthily with little risk? Well, now you can fast forward through time using a bed. The game does a good job at improving from the mistakes of its predecessor, however, it still does have a few issues.Seeing as how this game is a sequel, I didn't expect anything extremely new to be added into the game, but after my experiences with Far Cry 3, I was sorely disappointed in how identical this game was with it. Like another reviewer has said, this game was merely an enhanced version of Far Cry 3, but that's just it. It doesn't offer anything new to the series, save for a few new redundant side quests and collectibles, but honestly, the most interesting this about this game was the Shangri-La quest line. Other than that, the game felt more or less the same as its predecessor. In fact, it felt more like an expansion pack more than anything. Finally, there was a surplus of Yen to go around, so you would have an extremely hard time running out of money, thus, you will have a hard time running out if medkits, ammo, and body armor. The only time you will probably have a shortage of money is if you aim to buy every weapon in the game, but even then, you'll only earn it all back after two or three hours. The game didn't feel challenging enough, seeing as how resources, primarily money, was way to easy to come by.With that said, I still recommend this game, but I would wait for the price to drop a bit before investing in it. I got this game for $20, and I would recommend that you all do the same. Have fun."
76561198029213378,Recommended,298110,13278228,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,irvinejt93,"It's Farcry 3.5.Since Farcry 3 was an excellent game, Farcry 4 copy pasted nearly everything over and reskinned it with a new story arc. As sequels go, the motto ""If it ain't broke, don't try to fix it"" seems to work here. Great game, but no replay value. Co-op is fun, although it is limited to freeroaming and side quests.Solid 8.5/10."
,Recommended,298110,13157722,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Hey2k4,Pagan Min did nothing wrong.
,Not Recommended,298110,13002833,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Reekon,"I loved Farcry 1, 2, 3, and to a degree, 4. I want to give this a ""neutral"" rating. For $90, which is what I paid for the season pass and this game though? Negative. Here's why:1) The story falls very short of the first three games, especially when compared to 1 and 3. I feel like a child caught between mommy and daddy arguing. No decision is correct, someone is always♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off, and while there are ""consequences"" to every action, I have to listen to an NPC chew me out at the end of every mission because I chose the lesser-loser situation. Not a fun factor.2) The much flaunted CO-OP is pretty terrible. Your CO-OP buddy can only join to help you with outposts, herb gathering, and hunting missions. Your buddy is also limited to 150 meters before they disappear off the face of the earth. It's like walking in a world where only the first player can see anything, and the second player is stuck to stare into oblivion only to support you with a few extra bullets towards a goal which is already foolishly easy. Even on hard mode, the game struggles to challenge.3) UBI: WHAT DID YOU DO TO MULTIPLAYER? One of the great aspects of Farcry 3 was the DM, TDM, and CTF modes. You had a great thing going there. It was a very nice tribute to old school competitive gaming. With this, you do NOT have DM, TDM, nor CTF. You have a messed up version of cowboys and indians where one side gets bows, one gets guns. Sure you can argue there are abilities, but as with every other game that has attempted asymetric combat, in the end, it leads to premade groups and utter frustration. Not to mention... the ""indians"" are severely underpowered. The average player who doesn't want to gather 5 of his buddies at the same time every night is underpowered because he's stuck in the hunter-gatherer stage of life.The good though?-graphics are nice-story is decent (though not as strong as 3)-decent characters.-runs like absolute BUTTER (maxed). Great optimizations.-Plenty to do.-nice entry into the seamless coop arena, but it fell short. see above.-lots of weapons to play with and variations to explore.Overall, I give it a 6 of 10. Playing Farcry 3 spoiled me, and this is a rehash with a story line borderline dull, a multiplayer that made me want to shelve the game immediately, and $90 less in my pocket which I wish I would have researched more carefully. I would NOT have bought season pass knowing the COOP and the MP was so terrible (in terms of flexibility. Some people like cowboys and indians I guess), and would have heavily debated paying full price for the game. Likely would have waited until it was on sale.It hurts to say this, because I love this franchise. Once again, UBI fails at multiplayer."
,Recommended,298110,25153574,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Melody,"Far Cry 4 is a great game, an overall improvement over Far Cry 3, it’s not a huge leap regarding game mechanics, but if you liked FC3, you know what to expect and you are gonna like this one too.Graphics are extremely beautiful and the landscapes are so stunning, the Himalayas are truly amazing in this game, a breathtaking experience. The freedom, the greatness, everything is really impressive. I also liked the animations they are very well done.The game in a nutshell is a huge, wild, open world sandbox. With tons of side missions, an arena to compete (I had a blast there, it was very challenging and you can use your smartphone with arena master to create your own encounters, try them and share them with the community, which I really enjoyed).With so many places to discover and explore, collectibles and secrets to find, a rich culture for Kyrat, some eccentric NPCs, lots of freedom, real time events, a wild, dangerous and sometimes overwhelming (yet pretty) wildlife, I’m sure you will have a great time exploring Kyrat.I loved the combat system, it has a lot of action, explosions, gun fights, but also stealthy assaults, you can even ride elephants to kill your enemies in very creative ways. Land vehicles are ok, flying is really fun and sometimes challenging (I wish you could fly a bit higher sometimes). As for the story it’s all right.An essential if you loved FC3 and a great game if it’s your first FC. FC4 is a fun game that you shouldn't miss.The only, but huge downside is coop, I found coop really weak and it’s a shame you can’t play the campaign missions in this way, just a bunch of side quest missions which can be fun at first, but gets old and repetitive soon enough and it’s a two player only mode… coop in FC3 was way, way better than this. Consider FC4 a single player game, coop feels like a waste here. This is my only complaint.Far Cry 4 es un gran juego, una mejora en general sobre Far Cry 3, no es un salto enorme en cuanto a mecánicas de juego, pero si te gusto FC3, ya sabes que esperar y este te va a gustar también.Las gráficas son extremadamente bellas y los paisajes son tan hermosos, los Himalayas son verdaderamente increíbles en este juego, una experiencia para robarte el aliento. La libertad, la grandeza, todo muy impresionante. También me gustaron las animaciones están muy bien logradas.El juego en pocas palabras es un inmenso y salvaje sandbox de mundo abierto. Con montones de misiones secundarias, una arena para competir (Me la pasé genial ahí, fue muy desafiante y puedes usar tu smartphone con arena master para crear tus propios encuentros, probarlos y compartirlos con la comunidad, lo cual realmente disfruté).Con tantos lugares para descubrir y explorar, coleccionables y secretos por encontrar, una cultura rica para Kyrat, algunos NPCs muy excéntricos, mucha libertad, eventos en tiempo real y una muy salvaje, peligrosa y algunas veces sobrecogedora (aun así, hermosa) vida silvestre, estoy segura que te la pasaras en grande explorando Kyrat.Me encantó el Sistema de combate, tiene mucha acción, explosiones, combate con armas, pero también asaltos con sigilo, incluso puedes montar elefantes para matar a tus enemigos de formas muy creativas. Los vehículos de tierra están bien, volar es divertido y a veces desafiante (Desearía que pudieras volar algo más alto algunas veces). En cuanto a la historia está bien.Un esencial si te encantó FC3 y un gran juego si es tu primer FC. FC4 es un juego divertido que no deberías perderte.El único, pero enorme punto en contra es el cooperativo, encontré el cooperativo muy débil, y es una pena que no puedas jugar las misiones de la campaña en este modo, solo un montón de misiones secundarias que pueden resultar divertidas al principio, pero se vuelve aburrido y repetitivo muy pronto y es un modo solo para dos jugadores…el cooperativo en FC3 era mucho, mucho mejor que esto. Considera a FC4 un juego de un solo jugador, el cooperativo se siente como un desperdicio aquí. Ésta es muy única queja."
76561198048643232,Recommended,298110,13698070,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Tuffcooke,"A character screams ""Come on, Ebola their asses!"" and throws monkeys at his enemies.11/10, believe the hype - IGN"
,Not Recommended,298110,30212648,Posted: 26 February,all,Boreale,"Well this is my hardest review ever. I love this game, its amazing. With a few immersion mods its even better! But it needs to go through uplay which is a nightmare. Running steam and then running uplay over eachother? Having uplay log me in and out and then say my farcry 4 cdkey is in use with another account then having to do a password reset every few days because uplay decided to forget that I paid for farcry 4..Its an ongoing issue that cant be fixxed because uplay is just worth bugger all, its hopless.I would reccomend buying this game and then obtaining an ""alternate"" copy that you dont need steam or uplay for. That way you've paid your dues and you get to enjoy you game without all this♥♥♥♥♥♥I might do that now I think of it.."
,Recommended,298110,17062545,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,SLOANEY,"Far Cry 4 as it's own gameGraphics and WorldThe world in which you play in is amazing and the scenery looks amazing at times. It is the small things like the amount of trees and the snowy mountains surrounding the map that add to this. The graphics on the characters are well done, with the faces of the main characters having lots of detail when on high graphics settings, and the animals when you get up close to them look very realistic.Gameplay & CombatThe movement and combat is quite fluent and responsive. The driving feels responsive and the new added feature of ""autodrive"" is a great one so now you can shoot and drive at the same time. The new small helicopter that you are able to fly is good fun. However, it is unfortunate that there is a vertical limit so that if you fly too high your helicopter will stall and bring your altitude back down. The gun combat is great and the sounds for it sounds really good.Far Cry 4 in comparison to Far Cry 3It is no surprise that the gameplay and combat is a solid experience considering that it is running on the same engine that was used for the previous Far Cry, Far Cry 3. The types of weapons that were in Far Cry 3 are in Far Cry 4 as well, and the gameplay is essentially the same, with the exception of taking down fortresses and other small things. There are not many brand new additions to Far Cry 4, which is neither a good thing or a bad thing. The formula of Far Cry 3 worked and was undoubtedly fun, however doing the same thing in Far Cry 4 will become somewhat of a repeat of the last game.OverallOverall, if you are a fan of the Far Cry series and are willing to pay for effectively Far Cry 3 with a change of scenery and graphics, then definitely get this game. This goes the same for people who have never played a Far Cry game before, as it is not really necessary to play previous ones to understand what is going on in this one. However, if you have already played Far Cry 3 and are only looking for a completely new experience with lots of new features, then i would probably steer away from buying this game."
,Recommended,298110,14587060,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,ownosourus,"Far Cry 4 is a phenomenal game from Ubisoft’s Montreal studio: an energetic open-world playground that brims over with emergent potential. The fictional sub-Himalayan dictatorship of Kyrat that serves as the setting is a living, dangerous thing. Your actions can affect it, but life there continues on with or without your input.The game starts off innocently enough as protagonist Ajay Ghale returns to his country of birth, Kyrat, situated in the isolated expanses of the Himalayas. The reason for his return is to fulfill the last wish of his mother, to take her ashes to be with Lakshmana. What should've been a simple journey to his mother's final resting place quickly takes a turn, as he is confronted by the king of Kyrat himself, Pagan Min. This little slice of paradise is anything but, as is quickly made clear when Ajay finds himself at the center of a civil war between Pagan Min's army and the Golden Path, a rebel group which Ajay's father once led.The story for the most part sets itself up far better than in the previous title, giving the player more choices that impact the story as well as more interesting characters to interact with. Everyone remembers Vaas Montenegro, but do you remember anyone else from the Far Cry 3 character list? Most players would remember Citra and Vaas at most with very few of the rest of the large cast actually being memorable at all. I found this to be much different this time around. The main cast themselves are portrayed mostly in a convincing light that shows the two sides of the same coin.Though it boils down to good and evil, some of the characters at times at least are able to come across in a morally gray area which is often where the choices you can make in the story follow close behind.The most notable character however is Pagan Min. Despite being seen about the same amount as Vaas, Pagan is a much different flavor of crazy that is much more involved in the overall story arc. Rather than mostly hearing about him through hushed whispers of fear, Min will often try to talk to you sometimes dealing with idle chit chat and other times giving threats under the guise of advice. Though the story is overall an improvement this time around, there are often times much like the predecessor where many of the campaign missions feel forced.Much like Far Cry 3, the majority of the gameplay is going to revolve around you being tasked with taking down strongholds and assets of the enemy force. This time around, they bring back a lot of old toys and several new ones.A far more imposing way to take on your enemy would be to mount up on the back of an elephant. I found myself doing this quite a bit when I just wanted to let loose and tear things up. You'd think after a while rampaging around and shooting a fully automatic weapon from atop the noble beast would get boring, but for me it didn't.Another new thing is the grappling hook which unfortunately is often squandered. Given that it can only be use at pre-marked and determined destinations, it undermines the potential usefulness and fun of the device.The new toys aside, for the most part it plays like Far Cry 3.So what is the major part that makes this game shine? The setting.Kyrat is not only a beautiful place, but also one of much more variety. From the snowy peaks of mountains, to the grassy farm-filled valleys, even when you've seen it all it feels new depending on your perspective of the land. It also feels much more alive, with friends, enemies, and civilians all going about their day to day tasks.Far Cry 4 overall is a worthy successor to Far Cry 3, if only slightly less mind blowing than the previous entry. It has only been a couple years since Far Cry 3's release after all, and for many it may be a game that was played to death and they desperately needed a break from after all that time. If you don't need a break, Far Cry 4 is worth checking out immediately."
,Recommended,298110,13592397,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,HateSolstice,"It's a great game with some minor flaws and, sadly, technical hiccups.The positives: Much of the mechanics from Far Cry 3 that returned(most of them) have been streamlined quite a bit. For example, the sliding crouch and ability to hide bodies are no longer skill points you have to waste, but are actual abilities you have from the start. The syringes have been improved upon as well, as green herbs will auto-craft health syringes as you collect and/or use them, plus the various other syringes have been combined to reduce the number of syringes you need to keep. Also, animal kills now show up on you minimap/radar as tiny Xs. It's small and simple things like this that really help.The new stuff added is also great. The elephants, for example, are just awesome and fun, even if a bit overpowered. You can use any of your weapons while riding them, smash and flip vehicles, grab nearby enemies and bash them into a bloody pulp, and even coax other elephants to follow you and fight along side you. Finally, the elephants can swim, and make it so you are not attacked by the damned devilfish that populate the rivers and lakes of Kyrat. Honestly, one of my favorite additions.Also, there are now flying vehicles called ""buzzers"". They're essentially one-man gyrocopters, and make travel much easier. Plus, it's quite fun to bombard enemies bellow with your grenade launcher.The negatives: The worst part of the game is the technical problems. For whatever reason, Ubisoft as of late has been very anti-PC gaming, and sadly it's showing. Constant framerate stuttering on a vast majority of rigs, buggy game save problems causing deleted files or ignoring player progress, and certain locations on the map not acknowledging player discovery are all the biggest culprits.A lot of people will complain about the story and characters, and honestly, I think they're quite silly to complain. People seem to think that stories have to have a protagonist that is the epitome of good, and that the evil antagonists have to be a certain way. I personally really like the horribly flawed characters that Ubisoft has created for their games(be it Aiden Pearce from Watch_Dogs, Jason Brody from Far Cry 3, or Ajay Ghale from Far Cry 4). It gives the games more pesonality.Lastly, the worst parts of the gameplay are actually the collectibles. Let me explain. You see, as you collect the lost letters, journals of Ajay's father, the evil masks, etc,  you  earn more experience points and other rewards for reaching certain progress milestones. The problem with this is that, by the time you're done with them, you will have been max level with all skills unlocked for ages,  and there are only a couple weapons that you can unlock this way. So, by the time you're halfway through the game, you'll have probably unlocked all the really good rewards. I feel Ubisoft could have balanced this out better.Oh, and the predatory animals.....they're ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. They're far more aggressive than they were in Far Cry 3, and far more dangerous. The worst ones in the game are the eagles, and only because they come out of nowhere, swoop down and attack, and most of the time are completely unavoidable. The rest of the time it will be when you're scouting out an outpost, and just about to pull the trigger on your sniper rifle to take out the enemy scout, when all of a sudden you look down and see a tiger or leopard or honey badger eating your leg. 9 times out of 10, this will cause you to give away your position and totally screw you out of bonus xp for taking the outpost undetected. Luckily, the game now has bait that you can throw and hopefully draw the attention of the predators away from you(and have them attack the camp for you instead), or you can use the hunter syringe and cause animals to be a lot less interested in you.In the end, even with the aforementioned flaws, the game is fantastic. I haven't had a chance to play co-op, so I can't comment on that, but the multiplayer is a lot of fun once you figure it out. Oh, and before I forget, there are a LOT more random events and encounters throughout Kyrat, so you rarely  will go more than a couple minutes without wandering into random firefights between allies and enemies, or hostage situations.All in all, I highly recommend this game to anyone that enjoyed the other Far Cry games, or enjoys FPS in general, or are simply sandbox game enthusiasts."
,Recommended,298110,21229840,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Dr. JustinSane,"Skyrim with guns,NOW WITH ACTUAL SNOW!Please note that this review does not cover any aspects of the DLCs as I've yet to purchase it and focuses solely on the singleplayer campaign of the game.Welcome to Kyrat! Ubisoft has really outdone themselves in the visuals department because this game looksABSOLUTELY STUNNING!The world of Far Cry 4 is massive and beautiful in every corner, not to mention very alive and dangerous. From the tenacious Royal Army to the merciless predators of the wild (those effing eagles, man..), Far Cry 4 will keep you on your toes... Well, at least in the first 10 hours or so.Standard AAA games praising aside, Far Cry 4 is definitely not that far cry from it's previous predecessor. In fact, players from the previous game (which is excellent FYI) will notice from the start how Kyrat is very similar to Rook Island in a way, just with different settings and a lot more snow. There's the standard takedown moves, radio towers (bell towers, in this case) to climb, outposts to liberate and standard treasure hunting for collectibles. Don't get  me wrong, it's fun doing those but it does get boring when you're doing the same thing for hours.Compared to Far Cry 3, the story here is mediocre at best and plus, the ending is absolutely anticlimatic, i.e. HORRIBLE, but I do prefer Ajay more rather than Jason since he's not that whiny. The plot starts with Ajay Ghale, first time in Kyrat, to fulfill his mother's final wish that is to spread her ashes at ""Lakshmana"", wherever orwhateverthat is. Of course, nothing goes smoothly in the harsh world of Kyrat, he founds himself captured by the story main antagonist, Pagan Min. After a few explosive scenes later, Ajay founds himself fighting for the rebel group, Golden Path, to free Kyrat.I think the biggest problem in Far Cry 4 for me is that there's just ""too much of a good thing that it's bad"". There's plenty of things to do in Kyrat but mostly it's the same thing over and over again. The collectibles are also not that impressive and only serves to explain a little bit about Kyrat's history and counts toward the 100% completion rate.PROSKYRAT IS ABSOLUTELY GORGEOUS! Seriously, it's worth it just to go through the story just to see what Kyrat has to offer. The world is full of details and the character models are finely animated. There's plenty of interesting places to see, for example, a few side missions requires you to go up to the Himalayas and one of the story mission brings you to the mountainside prison. Not to mention the amazing Shangri-La!The game is greatly optimized in PC. I'm not sure how the game fares early on but it runs fine on my ancient rig now. I even managed to run it on Ultra, which is extremely rare for games nowadays! Bugs and Uplay issue aside, the game never crashed on me once.Extremely detailed character animation. That includes the acrobatic movement, gunplay, animals movement. Although I do have to mention that sometime when Ajay climbs up, his feet doesn't seem to ""hit"" the solid ground or rock that he's climbing up from. It's a little weird but nothing gamebreaking.Variety of weapons to cause chaos in Kyrat, more than the ones available in Far Cry 3. Some them even have the option for customization, albeit too simple (basically, suppressors, larger mags, sights) but it's there.Navigation is easy in the world. Plenty of fast travel points between outposts, extremely useful gyrocopters (limited by a vertical limitsigh) and even wingsuit can be unlocked early on.The characters are interesting enough to give the extra variety to Kyrat.Plenty of side quests to complete (perhaps too much?), which includes the excellent Shangri-La quest line! (Seriously, do not skip this one)The main campaign offers replayability since there's an option to choose in some of those missions which dictates how the story turns out.The game offers excellent level building editor and from what I've seen is pretty impressive. Either it's an extremely well made fortress to liberate or just a Pagan Min slaughterfest, there's plenty of fun to be had if you're willing to dig.Multiplayer modes are plenty although there's no one playing it anymore. Could be fun if you had a group of friends to play around.The whole world feels dynamic. There's always something going on, whether there's a firefight or just animals trying to chomp on someone (which includes you).NEUTRALThe game can be too easy early on, even if you played on the Hard difficulty. Unlike Far Cry 3, advanced skills can be unlocked early on and by utilizing advance takedowns, you can basically romp through the story in a short while. Not to mention the Signature weapons that are also unlocked early on. Oh, did I mention elephants? Yes, elephants. Fun to ride but fricking OP.The amount of collectibles in this game isTOO DAMN HIGH!Exploration isn't that rewarding other than for screenshot hunting and collectibles. There is a backstory in some of the area but nothing impactful when you compared it to the likes of Skyrim or Fallout.The Arena is fun but, due to the lack of variety, gets extremely tedious to grind since you have to rank up to Level 10 to unlock the Bushman signature weapon (which counts towards 100% completion).Racing side quests aren't exactly racing, just another time attack mode, which isn't very different from the Survival mode. I'd enjoy it more if there's an actual racing.CONSThe game gets repetitive FAST! Even worse if you've played Far Cry 3.The game is a bug fest. Nothing gamebreaking but it sure is annoying when a guard gets a pathfinding bug and suddenly detects you out of nowhere or the wingsuit doesn't activate in air even after you've pressed Shift. I guess massive games like this can't help it when it comes to bugs, huh?Crafting is very uninspired, disappointingly similar to Far Cry 3's. Skin 3 dogs to upgrade your weapon sling. Okay, next, skin 4 yaks. Bah, boring. I have to mention that one of the final upgrades only unlocks after you've finished the main story line, which is idiotic in my opinion.Multiplayer mode is pretty much dead. I didn't try it because I can't since there's only either one or two lobby running at any time and both of them shows insanely high ping (probably played in the NA server). Same goes for the co-op mode in the campaign. It's a shame since there's plenty of game modes available and the co-op is one of the main attracting factor for me to buy the game in the first place. I guess I'm just too late for the party.Loots are unimpressive since they offer nothing other than to sell it for money. Although a few of them have some interesting description that refers to the previous game or other mainstream title.Storyline is forgettable. Even the main antagonist isn't that impressive!If you really don't mind about your progression rate and ignore the side quests, the main campaign is actually quite short. I guess you can finish it around the 15-20 hours mark?Despite all the negative points I've listed for the game, Far Cry 4 is definitely an enjoyable experience as a whole, both in terms of gameplay and visuals. If you like Far Cry 3, then you're probably gonna enjoy this one as well. As for me, Far Cry 4 goes highly recommended!Personally, I give Far Cry 4 a great 4 / 5 just simply because Kyrat is amazing on it's own!I paid RM51 (~ $12) for the game and got my money's worth. Just keep in mind that you're probably buying the game just for the single player experience, unless you have friends that plays the game and are willing to dive back into the series."
,Recommended,298110,28273934,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,GeoLuz 🎮💯👊🤙,"Far Cry 4 is a game that is like Far Cry 3 in that it offers a lot to explore, but instead of the Rook Islands in Far Cry 3, you will explore a nation near the Himalayas known as Kyrat. It bears a strong resemblance to the real-life nation known as Nepal. Kyrat has plenty of mountains and is very poor. Despite being so poor it becomes your playground since there is so much to do.The narrative begins with Ajay Ghale, a Kyrati born man raised in the United States whose goal is to scatter his mother’s ashes upon arriving in Kyrat. However, the country is being ruled by a dictator named Pagan Min. Min has a connection to the Ghale family and this is disclosed in the intro cutscene. After Min leaves you alone for a while you are free to explore and start tearing things up. There is a lot of violence, as there is a war between Min’s Royal Army and the rebels known as The Golden Path, which Ghale’s mother helped found. The Golden Path is led by a man and a woman, but each leader has different views on how to bring down the dictator. The storyline is unspectacular, as you forget that Ghale’s goal was to scatter his mother’s ashes and he starts to become a revolutionary leader. The biggest star of this game is Pagan Min, who sounds vicious and charismatic. However, sometimes it feels like the biggest star of the game is Kyrat since it encourages so much exploration and has lots of randomness.While there are story missions that flesh out the narrative there are many side missions. Familiar side missions include liberating outposts all over the map, beginning with southern Kyrat. The RPG like skills to be learned in the game include tiger and elephant skills. Tiger skills are aggressive and are designed to more power and violence. These skills help you take down enemies from behind. Elephant skills are passive and help you survive different types of attacks.The skills you learn in the game will be valuable all the time. While trying to activate a side mission you may be attacked by animals and your skills can give you a survival advantage. Kyrat is teeming with wildlife such as bears, tigers, leopards, elephants, Tibetan wolves, etc. Some animals are predators whereas others are not. You watch 2 animals fight to the death, but the last one standing will try to feast on you. You can also strategically throw meat as a bait so that an animal can attack a nearby soldier. Elephants are peaceful giants, but they can be fun once you learn the necessary skill to ride them. You can use elephants to overturn vehicles driven by the Royal Army. You can use an elephant to grab a soldier and launch him into the air while he screams.The main story missions and side missions are nonlinear, as they allow you to use stealth or use the all guns blazing approach. You can also use companions to join you on your adventure. The greatest addition to this game is the grappling hook and it is truly a joy to use. You can grapple hooks that are scattered around the country and even swing from one grapple hook to another. The greatest vehicle addition to the game is the buzzer, also known as the gyrocopter. The buzzer can take you from point A to point B so quickly, but it has limited altitude so it will explode if it ascends too high in the air. I found myself having to rely on my grappling hook to reach the tallest of mountains, but it felt worth the extra exploration to discover new locations, loot, and hidden letters.Crafting is another essential part of the game. Killing animals is necessary for skinning them so that you can craft bigger couches that can carry more rupees or more ammo of a certain type. Rupees are the currency of Kyrat and they will be needed for purchasing more ammo, new weapons, and syringes. There are many herbs and flowers that you can snatch with your handy knife so that you can craft healing syringes, and syringes that can provide you with more protection against attacks.The climbing of radio towers should feel very familiar to Assassin’s Creed fans since it removes the fog from a certain region of your map. The removal of the fog allows you to see the map better and find more activities. While climbing radio towers feels like fun it doesn’t feel like a novelty since it feels like a formula out of Watch Dogs and Assassin’s Creed.Besides the side missions familiar to those who have played the Far Cry series, there are missions in Shangri-La that feel like a dream. You move around using a bow and arrow with your white tiger and sic it on demons. Shangri-La provides a departure from the world in Kyrat. Other side missions similar to other Ubisoft games include the tearing of propaganda posters from walls scattered around Kyrat.The main story missions can be troubling if you die early because it forces you to restart the mission from scratch. There is only one save slot throughout the game. I believe it would have been better to have multiple save slots, but it is only a minor gripe from me. The FPS gameplay is outstanding during the main story missions.I ran into technical issues with Far Cry 4 on Windows 10. It crashed randomly and frequently until I found a solution. Although I made the game Windows 7 compatible, I still experienced crashes. I turned off Godrays from the settings and disabled NVidia Gameworks to find the solution. I never experienced another crash. Even with Godrays and NVidia Gameworks disabled, the graphics are still awesome and Kyrat looks wonderful. This is an issue Far Cry 4 players need to be aware of if they play it on Windows 10.The Far Cry 4 DLCs are interesting enough and give you more to explore. Hurk from Far Cry 3 is back with his American southern accent and gives you the opportunity to have more fun. Other DLCs allow you to explore the cold and snowy Himalayas.With a game world that gives you so much to explore to your heart’s content and top notch graphics, Far Cry 4 is highly recommended by me. An unspectacular storyline is superseded by awesome gameplay. I played for nearly 95 hours and I always felt like there was always something to do, some place to discover, some animals to hunt, and a wide variety of weapons to carry. New weapons are unlocked over time after completing certain activities, thus encouraging more exploration. It is one of the best FPS games you can play.My Score: 9/10"
,Recommended,298110,13061481,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,F3ltup | Twitch,"I think I will finally put out my thought on this game. First off Im sorta♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥about the bad reviews I've seen on metacritic and other places due to the fact that it takes a good PC to run. A lot of people have found ""bugs"" that is obviousally them trying to run the game on very low without the required settings and are discovering issues due to that. Ok now that I've said that heres MY reviewSingleplayer:The only negative thing is that it is kinda repitive when it comes to the other FC games, beyond that it is fantastic. It keeps a lot from FC3 and adds a whole lot more. The world seems a little smaller, yet. For those who dont know:Far Cry is an Open world game, meaning that you can go around and do quests, campaign missions unlock more of the map, take outposts and do whatever the hell you want. Its also a First Person Shooter and ties the FPS and OW together very well.The world of Far Cry 4 takes place in a fictional city called Kyrat, that is located in the Himilayas, you can hunt animals to skin them and craft sacks to carry more of any given item. the game also features enemy outposts where youy can gain an XP bonus for how you take it, the less detected you are, the more XP you get. Now as XP goes I wanna talk about are the skills, instead of 3 groups like we had in FC3, we have 2, Elephant and tiger, Elephant is more defensive whereas Tiger is Attack.  there is no tatoo however ( thank god. it was kinda weird) The quests I havent diven into that much, however there are popup quests around the map as you travel called Karma that will give you Karma XP, which basically as it would suggest, shows how reputable you are with your tribe, Golden Path (Thats what it called right?) If you gain enough XP you can call in troops to help fight with you, however you cant call them in during a mission, which i find sorta annoying.The next thing is that co op isnt seperate anymore, instead you can aid eachother in single player, mainly to take down the fortressess. Which are like huge, well guarded outposts. Another thing is animals in the game. They are very tough and start to become a quick problem.   However a new feauture can counter this. When you skin an animal, you take its meat and put it in a bait sack, bait is one of your throwable objects, animals will go eat the bait then attack the next thing closest, so you can throw bait into a crowd of enemies to get an animal to attack them. The last thing I wanna talk about is the campaign. I'm not gonna spoil anything, however there are 2 seperate sets of missions after you hit the 6th or 7th missions. So, you can play the game twice and have most of the missions be different.Multiplayer:It is amazingly fun.  It is 5v5 and there are 3 different modes. The maps are GIGANTIC! you can use the wingsuit to fly around the map, and the Golden Path can use guns and vehicles, and the enemy act as hunters which are enemies that have bows and can turn invisable. So you get bows and can ride elephants. You also get 2 Special Tipped arrows and you can summon animals to attack the Golden Path. There are usaully 2 10 minute halves depending on the game mode. You are one team for the first half, then switch for the second.Overall this game is amazing. I HIGHLY reccomend10/10PS This is my first indepth review. Let me know if its any good."
,Recommended,298110,20177902,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Lasheen,You know a game is good when it's the last thing you think about at night and the first thing you want to do in the morning.Far Cry® 4 made me forget to masturbate.10/10
76561198015262544,Recommended,298110,30205505,Posted: 26 February,all,The Hound,"Make Kyrat great again!The first ten hours or so I didn't think this game was nearly as good as Far Cry 3 was. But having played it a bit more now I'm going to say that though Far Cry 3 is still a bit better, Far Cry 4 (or rather, Far Cry 3.5) is more than just OK.If you played Far Cry 3 before this you are going to recognize much, such as climbing animations, radio towers, outposts and a rich wildlife. Far Cry 4 expands on Far Cry 3 by adding new animals to hunt, missions to complete, hostages to rescue, fortresses to conquer (essentially they are super outposts with walls) and to try and restore the nation of Kyrat to native control along with the resistance movement called the Golden Path.I like the story and especially the supposed ""bad guy"" Pagan Min, the self proclaimed (foreign) king of the nation of Kyrat. You play as Ajay Ghale, a native of that country trying to restore native rule. It is a shame you can't choose to help Pagan Min instead of the Golden path resistance movement. Pagan Min does want to bring Kyrat into modernity and is not obsessed with the ""old ways"".There is so much to do in this game that I should warn that it is not for low energy people. Do not believe any lying or dishonest reviews that say this game is bad, it is really good and fans of the Far Cry series must play it.8/10 will make Kyrat great again!"
,Recommended,298110,13624616,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Focket,You get to take a selfie with Pagan Min.10/10
76561198039394097,Recommended,298110,13022122,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Nitro,"10/10  Would share Crab Rangoon with a mad king againReal review belowEDITED on Nov 22Farcry 4 is a build on what made farcry 3 good, and attempts to fix some things associated with it. Some things were fixed, some were not, and some were broke.=The Good=-More guns, always good, literally the game designers seem to have said ""Lets keep most of FC3's guns, but then add a ton of awesome guns from all time zones"". Only complaint is the sawed off forces you to shoot both barrels at once, but in all honesty thats a small complaint, the thing is death, literally, death used to carry this gun under his cloak and it fell out when he was hiking in kyrat.-More area to discover and explore-much more stuff to do-replayable outpost missions-dont have to stare at hands the whole game, now you get gloves! (Cant be changed but still)-Added gyrocopters-Co op in main game, with hurk, a man with brilliance unmatched-can shoot one handed weapons from driver seat (But oddly cant use two handed ones from passenger seat?)EDIT:-There are more random things to do now than there were, from chasing couriers to blowing up caravans, but these events take a matter of seconds and dont really challenge the player. I Took down a convoy of three vehicles with 3 shots from a shotgun, without leaving my vehicle. the fun missions, assassinations, hostage rescues and the like, are not replayable.EDIT: WOW! Just looked in the options menu, not only are outposts replayable, you can actually RESET them ALL to hostile, that is awesome. This allows players to replay the game in a more hostile setting even after beating it, and means, unlike the outpost master replay things, you can actually approach the outpose how you see fit, big Plus here=The unchanged=-Some weapons have an utterly paltry amount of attatchements and many are completely madeobsolete late game, something i always despise. (This isnt as bad as FC3 though, im still using the mauser to good effect late game and it was an early game pistol, still wish i could mod it)-the wing suit still kills you more often than you actually get to use it. Likes to turn on when trying to get takedowns or jumping roof to roof, carreening you into a wall and instant death-Lacking enemy selection, despite being a dictatorship and rich, pagan's forces have no tanks, no real military vehicles, etc.-0 Customization, you are this kid, Ajay Ghale, nothing more, theres some story to him but its really pretty simple. no clothing changes, and very limited weapon customizing, hes less of a stupid teen than Jason was though, which is nice.-Signature weapons are still around, yuck, i wanna make my own killing tool, not use one the game designers cooked up.-Uplay means you need another game launcher and as a result, more lag.=The Broken =-no save slots, so once youve beat the game with whatever choices you made, if you wanna try again, start all over, erasing data.-Extremely laggy and prone to locking up at bad times, reminds me of malaria from farcry 2, i have a REALLY good computer and it still lags on LOW settings. EDIT: Recent patch has made it less laggy, still cant put it on high graphics without the computer locking up, but theres less lag overall.-Simple, lacking story. Not so bad considering you are only gonna do it to unlock stuff and then go play with said stuff, but still. it would be nice to look forward to story missions instead of loathing them.-While there is far more choice in this story compared to farcry 3, its still always gonna end with the player mostly unhappy with how it went.-Once you make a certain choice, a big part of the story literally bloody disappears and nothing further happens (Bahdra)-Pagan is extremely interesting but doesnt show up at all really, save for little radio calls every now and then, and if you make the moral choice in the end thats that, the game is over. You can now run about playin' around wondering what really was going on. Wanna try the other ending? restart the game, all over....EDIT: It honestly seems like the gaming trend is to make the player regret their choices no matter the ending. I read the other path, to see what happens if you dont shoot in the end, and honestly shooting is still the right choice BUT you miss out on ALOT of plot, so i recommend not shooting.-Dying shortly after missions can cause important mission info to not be told over the radio, and you can miss out on plotEDIT:- The devs seem to feel a need to put mass drugs into these games, to get completion, you have to subject Ajay to the same trippy treatment in a questline of about...5 missions? each is almost literally unchanged from the last. You wake up in Kyrat with pink and green fog, and run to three checkpoints looking for the two who gave you the drugs, then it ends. Very uninteresting missions, I dont think they should be there honestly, seem to exist just so the devs can stick needles in AjayI will add more as i playWAYS TO FIX CERTAIN BUGSIf you find your car is trying to drive itself or auto aim is on, go into options, to gamepad, and turn those to manual and off, etc. The game thinks you have a remote and is trying to set up for that.If certain parts of your sound go out, fast travel somewhere and it should be fixed. It seems going to certain outposts can maks some sounds, such as reloading, stop working==Do i recommend this game? ==yes, its fun, despite all this. in the moments where there is no lag, no stupid guy on the radio singing praises to a drug queen, you can have legit fun. Maybe not customized to perfection, but still. You CAN have fun and WILL, often even. Flying a gyrocopter and blasting cars below with a grenade launcher is fun, chasing a truck weildding a double barrel shotgun in one hand from an ATV is FUN!"
76561197964384688,Recommended,298110,13023745,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Pyro Penguin,"Snuck up behind a guy peeing into a river and assassinated him, his friend punched me in the face and I fell into the pee river.10/10."
,Recommended,298110,26847919,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,EvFadh,+farcry-uplay
76561198026631960,Not Recommended,298110,14251974,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Pawnzer56,"Quick Review: Its Farcry 3++; nice graphics, rideable elephants, at best average story, laughable AI.  Overall 6/10, slightly above average. In my opinion just play farcry 3 if you want 95% of the same game mechanics with a better story.(WARNING slight spoilers and text wall ahead)Starting off the things I like about farcry 4 are its graphics, beautiful sceneries, nice explosions and great looking character models.  The sounds design is also fantastic, guns sound deadly (the .50 cal MG literally shook my desk), animals sound fierce and no random low quality dialogue that you saw with some of the random NPCs in farcry 3 (that bugged the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me.) Lots of guns for you to use and customize, pretty pink shotgun with red dot sight? Check.  The map design is also great, the large amount of 'verticality'  really feels authentic but this also causes issues with the games AI.  Probably the most important issue, the game is fun, be it riding an elephant machine guns blazing, delivering grenade bombings from your trusty gyrocopter, or stealthily stabbing everyone in the throat; you are sure to have a good time. Also, lots of side mission, so many that they start to seem pointless.While mechanically sound, the poor AI, bugs, story, and overall unoriginality really harms the overall experience and makes you wonder how they got so much right but so much wrong.  First and foremost is the most important, (to me) story.  Trying not to spoil as much as possible, the protagonist is asked by his now deceased mother to return to her war torn country of origin, that she fled from when you where a baby, to spread her ashes; bad things happen and you are rescued by the local anti gov malitia because your father was someone special.  After this for no reason your character decides to stay and help fight becoming a mass murderer who never questions why nor what he is doing for the people who do nothing but complain about every victory you bring them.  The character dose not develop in anyway, unlike farcry 3's Apocalypse Now story.Next main issue is the ' unoriginality' statement that I threw around earlier.  You liberate bell towers and outposts just like farcry 3, identical vehicles, and most of the talents and craftable items are the same.  While having the same things as its predecessor is not a bad thing none of it is expanded on or evolved in any way besides the few new talents (ex ride elephant and vehicle takedown.) This lack of ingenuity really shows in the “fortresses” that players can take down.  Seeing how you are fighting a fictional North Korea (quirky seemingly insane leader who keeps the populace under control by violence and drugs also using strict security to keep the media and foreigners out) you would expect that fortresses would be these military compounds with fuel and ammo depots that you could blow up to make distractions while you mow down soldiers with machine guns screaming “WOLVERINES!!!”  What you get are small compounds or cave systems that are easily infiltrated or can be sniped from an obvious cliffside, small handful of guards, and while the reinforcements that are called in are helicopter gunships they are easily taken out due to low HP (one shot by the secondary grenade launcher) and them flying low and slow.The AI which feels copy and pasted from farcry 3 is unable to deal with the large terrain differences and the new flying vehicle, leading to congo lines of ai trying to get to your sniper position or complete domination by areal grenade launcher spam. Lastly bugs,  while not many I did have 2 major bugs. First was while doing a stealth mission the AI detection system was turned up to haxorz level; they would see me through walls and have amazing hearing even though there was loud background noise (like someone hearing your footsteps trough a wall at a concert.) Second was many of the world events in co-op not spawning for both participants leading to your friend shooting at nothing on your screen while he was getting pelted by machine guns on his."
76561198000861562,Recommended,298110,22870457,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Z0mBi3,"I picked up Far Cry 4 during the steam summer sale, and waited almost a year before playing it. I've been wanting to play it since I got it, but I just didn't get into it. Far Cry 3 was good, but I was not that impressed actually. I played through the story pretty quick and I didn't do any sidequest. I just didn't like it that much, beside the main story.Far Cry 4 has really changed my mind about far cry though. Sure, it somewhat repetitive and similar to far cry 3. But I think that Ubisoft really improved upon the concept and made something even better. Kyrat is a beautiful place and such a nice combination between sunny paradise and snowy mountains. When I powered up my computer with 980 SLI and 1440p monitor recently my jaw just dropped when playing this game. It's so cool to sit in that mini-helicopter and just fly over the map.The story is interesting and you actually make some choices. Side with the guy that wants Kyrat to be like old times, or with the girl that want to change Kyrat into something better. On top of that you have the new villain, Pagan Min, which is crazy and funny guy, just like Vaas from previous game. The story is filled with crazy missions that are fun for the most part. Sidequests in far cry 4 is really good! I ended up completing almost every single one of them. I think that assasination missions, kyrat fassion week and the quest where you blew up propaganda was the most fun ones. I don't really like racing, so I skipped some of them. Not that they were bad either, I just hate race games with timers and missions with fail-state. This game has almost no timer on missions, which is something I usually have a problem with in Ubsoft games (looking at you assasins creed..)Thought I was just going to play this game really fast, just like far cry 3, but ended up spending huge amounts of time in Kyrat. All in all im very happy that I've played this game. The story was good, graphics is outstanding, upgrades/skills are really useful and for every mission it actually feels rewarding. The powerful weapons you get later on, with upgrade possibility and paint, you can really create a nice loadout. I spent time to hunt so I could carry more ammo and many weapons at the same time. I really liked the feel or getting better and better gear, without feeling like it was to difficult to achieve.In the beginning outpost was hard, even on medium difficulty, but with all skills and all weapons at my disposal I just ran through the fortress in the end. It was just a blast and I had many fun moments. I found very few bugs, I guess it pays to wait a bit before playing a AAA-title, cause I heard that far cry had issues at launch. Not anymore anyway, running at 100+ fps on 1440p with settings around high. Game goes way higher though, up to very high and ultra, and game supports SLI.To wrap this up, far cry 4 is a great experience and a massive improvement over far cry 3 in my opinion, with new weapons, animals and interesting quests. It will take you 50+ hours to do most things, but if you really want everything you can spend even more time. In my opinion this game is worth full price, but if you get it even cheaper then it's a steal! Recommended for players that want a story-driven FPS with open world questing and a big map to explore."
,Not Recommended,298110,13096771,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Poor Yurik,"I absolutely loved Far Cry 3. I beat the singleplayer, the coop campaign with 3 buddies, and hit max level in multiplayer. You can see my Far Cry 3 pvp videos on youtube, including ""Rambo Mode"", named by PCGamesN as one of the top 10 entertaining FC3 videos. Based on my love for Far Cry 3 I went ahead, on blind faith, and preordered the deluxe edition of this game.With that said, what a massive disappointment this game is. There isn't any one single aspect that breaks it for me. Instead, I would call it death by a thousand cuts.First off I want to address the absolutely undebatable. Something that has nothing to do with personal taste. This game is BUGGY AS ALL HELL. Several times I've randomly slid backwards up hills as if an invisible force was dragging me backward. I've died from 5 foot drops, and in the next moment fell 30 feet and didn't take a single point of damage. Birds constantly land in midair. I've seen up to 4 birds all perched in the sky, and it's not due to draw distance -- this happens even a few meters away on ultra detail. If you skin an animal and your inventory is full, that animal is forever broken and cannot be skinned, even if you drop items to free up space. To add insult, they still glow white as if lootable. Small bugs like this are absolutely pervasive, and affect nearly every mechanic in the game.Looking past the bugs, this game is also riddled with poor design decisions. Perhaps the most outrageous and baffling is that there is a constant tiny radius around you during every single mission where if you walk 10 feet out of it, you lose. I thought this was an open world game? An early game example is when you have to pick between two quest givers and there is a propaganda poster less than 50 feet away from them. But you can't pick it up. If you do, you'll fail the mission for being out of bounds, and you'll have to watch the entire mission intro cutscene again which is several minutes long. You might say ""well, damn! That's not a big deal! I'll just turn around if the message pops up!"" Good luck. All the most fun ways to travel (wingsuit, gyrocopter, handglider, etc) move so fast that you'll get game over'd a split second after you see the message. This game is an open world game that arbitrarily decides it doesn't want to be open world anymore. It wasn't such an issue in Far Cry 3 because a) it was far more rare, b) the boundaries were far less confined, and c) there were clear out-of-bounds lines shown on the map when this type of rule applied. Not here.In coop, we experienced falling through the world. Respawning and instantly dying as if falling from a great height. Terrible syncing issues, such as seeing whole groups of enemies and vehicles that my coop partner did not. This was not a consistent issue, but it's something we never experienced in all of our hours playing Far Cry 3. The most ridiculous death I had was getting teleported to my buddy because he had wingsuited off a cliff. It teleported me close to him in mid-air, in my own wing suit, headed straight toward a cliff wall and I promptly died.The PVP is so bad now I'm not even going to waste words on it.A lot of people complained about Far Cry 3's story, but this story is just flat and lifeless. Pagan Min seems entertaining enough, but your character's motivation -- what we're supposed to relate to -- is meaningless. You're here to spread your mother's ashes -- so logically you might as well stay and instantly transform into a super soldier. Criticise Far Cry 3's Jason Brody all you want, but at least he had an easily relatable motivation -- revenge, and a modicum of development. He changed, however unlikely, from a terrified kid into a guerilla leader. In this, your character literally goes from being a bored sounding tourist with no desire to be involved in the war, to hanging up on the rebel leader offering you backup and telling her you are going to destroy the very first enemy outpost in the game by yourself. Why? ""Because I can handle this."" And your character still sounds incredibly bored about it all. I can't stress how bored your character sounds at every moment of the game.I am scratching my head trying to understand how they could take a solid game like Far Cry 3 and break so many aspects of it. The grappling is cool. Some of the new wildlife is cool. The graphics are gorgeous. But everything else? I'm just not happy with my purchase at all. I should have loved this game, but the only emotions I felt while playing coop were boredom and anger, punctuated by an incredibly rare moment of ""wow, that was cool"". Those rare moments were not worth $60, let alone $90."
,Recommended,298110,22693001,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,VandeGarde,"The first few hours I was expecting Far Cry 3 in a different country ‘cause some reviews said so. And yes, that is true. But after playing for a few hours I realised Far Cry 4 plays much smoother and a lot of things were more polished. More important, the land feels more alive. And besides that….it looks absolutely gorgeous!The country is wild and filled with mountains and you can climb them. The wild life is out for your guts and there’s always a fight going on in which you can participate. Lots and lots and lots of thing to do for which you get rewarded some way or another.When I started the game I knew the map was big but after some hours I realised that big was BIG! So many places to discover and they put some effort and a lot of love into make you find them a lot of fun.  Driving, transport and especially climbing is much better than in Far Cry 3. There are 1 person choppers! Fun! Puzzles, hunting and missions are better too.Today someone broke into my game and I gave it a try. So I played co-op for 3 hours. We did a hard mission that is almost impossible on  your own this far in the game. I had a lot of fun playing with a partner.  Didn’t knew the guy and there are no chat options, only standard commands you can give one another. Didn’t matter. We wreaked havoc on the bad guys as if we’d been a team for a couple of years. Fun!Far Cry 3 has better characters and a better story. But I really don’t give a fart when I’m scaling the mountains of Tibet and look around me. Feels like an action packed vacation without the nagging wife and children and a lot of things to shoot at or blow up.O! Guns are great! Yep.Any negative review on this one is plain stupid.Like complaining when you are on a well-earned vacation that the sun is the same colour as last year and ignoring that the food is much better and the drinks are for free. Best and most impressing Ubisoft game so far. All the people involved in making this game should be treated like rockstars. These people are making my life a whole lot of fun with their games.So if you’re in doubt if you should  buy this game…..no worries, Excellent game.I’m off! There’s some gaming to do."
,Recommended,298110,14003365,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,satsun,"Far Cry 4 is basically Far Cry 3 with a new story on top; you still capture towers and outposts. Gameplay mechanics are almost verbatim. If you liked FC3, then you should be able to enjoy FC4. I enjoyed both games but grew tired of the mechanics by the end of FC4.As FC3 was graphically demanding, FC4 is more graphically demanding. I only started playing after the 1.6 patch and I've not experienced any bad hitching. You will need to take into consideration that you may not be able to crank up all details and get a smooth experience, so drop details until you can maintain your desired frame rate. FC4 is very pretty, though, and that's what really kept me going. I ran it with a Galaxy GTX 780 HOF with an overclock on the RAM, which helps quite a bit; FC4 loves to use everything it can. The graphics are very nice, so it's definitely not just wasting energy on the GPU.I recommend Far Cry 4, but consider that it is very similar to Far Cry 3 and judge for yourself what that is worth to you."
76561197972330021,Recommended,298110,13013239,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,LTK Centaur,"*First Impressions Review*I was never hugely into Far Cry 3. I thought there were a lot of great things about the game (the combat, the visuals, the late-game skills), but there were a lot of things that kept it from really clicking with me (environmental navigation was boring and tedious, it took way too long for the skill-tree to open up the really fun skills, roughly 90% of the voice-acting was rubbish, almost every story aspect was lazily-written [and the parts that were good were few and far between]) and with all that in mind, I was very cautious about Far Cry 4.So far, this is the game that deserves to be dubbed ""Skyrim with guns"" or at least, far more deserving than its predecessor. Yes, much like the previous entry, Far Cry 4 has some truly atrocious caricatures masquerading as characters (which largely outnumber the game's few good characters [Pagan Min is a hoot, and Troy Baker does a wonderful job bringing him to life]), yes a large portion of skills have been ported wholesale from the last game, yes the story is dull (so far, haven't finished it yet [though I never cared about the story in Far Cry 3 in the first place]) and the fact that I still can't skip the (mostly) awful dialogue in this game puts me in a sour mood, but at least when I'm set loose into the absolutely beautiful game world that is Kyrat, I know that whatever activity I'm about to take place in will cheer me right back up again.The single best thing I can say about this game (or at least, the thing I can't stop having a blast with) is just how fantastic getting around the environment feels. In Far Cry 3, I routinely took shortcuts down hills and slopes, and because of the (I felt it was) unpolished nature of the sandbox, I would randomly go tumbling down what appeared to be easily traversable terrain and lose large chunks of health, or worse, die. In Far Cry 4, I've only ever had an unfortunate tumble down a hill once, and to be fair, it was a steep, steep hill. Even better is the addition of the new grappling hook, which lets you ascend/descend cliffs and swing across gorges to access some hard to reach areas, or just take super quick shortcuts. Additionally, the wingsuit (which was one of the best things about Far Cry 3) takes way less time to unlock this time around. Whereas Far Cry 3 required you to be a good halfway into the game to unlock the suit, Far Cry 4 gives you the option to buy it less than three hours in, and considering the urge I get to leap off of every cliff I see (sometimes even with cliffs I just took the time to climb up), it was a wonderful decision to give this toy to play with early.Other improvements made over the previous game include a much better economy, a reworked stim system (there aren't nearly as many arbitrary stims this time around), improved outpost liberations, better vehicles (the little ramshackle helicopter is so much fun it's almost criminal), a much more varied environment (thanks to the verticality of the map layout), and elephant riding, which never stops being both hilariously funny, and insanely empowering.Far Cry 4 might just be more of Far Cry 3, but that's a great thing in my book. To me, it doesn't feel like I'm getting a rehashed Far Cry 3 with some new bits and bobs; it feels like I'm getting the game I wanted Far Cry 3 to be. Think Just Cause 1 vs. Just Cause 2. Essentially the same game, but the second one took all the ideas from the first game and improved upon them to the point of making Just Cause 1 entirely obsolete. I definitely recommend giving Far Cry 4 a look, it’s a f*cking blast!"
,Recommended,298110,13072004,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Kermitacrime,"Damn nature, you scary"
76561198013027885,Recommended,298110,13971567,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,JayPi,Got the game early thanks to U-playGot banned in FC4 Steam Discussion  (Piracy) for explaining how smoothly it runs on my rig.10/10 GOTY
76561198008530195,Not Recommended,298110,18144518,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Cleaner409,"So the key features state:CO-OP: BRING A FRIENDNot every journey should be taken alone. Far Cry 4 allows for a second player to drop in and drop out at any point, re-imagining the cooperative experience in the true spirit of Far Cry for the next generation. You’ll now be able to discover and explore the living open world of Kyrat together.This is not true. You cannot bring a friend at any point. If you are doing any of the campaign noone can join you. I am extremely♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off as this was the only reason I spent $160 to get the game for my wife and I to play together.I seriously wish I could get my money back on this one. This is the last Ubisoft game I waste money on.It may be completely stupid to believe that when the seller states something that their product comes with you should get what they state you are getting. You wouldnt be ok with buying milk from the grocery store expecting it to be good only to find out it was expired long before the expiration date so why would buying a game on steam, or any other product, because of the ad they have and the features they promise be any different?Perhaps I should have done more research, however I believe when buying games from steam you should not HAVE to do any further research on the list of promised features for the game.Thank you to those of you who have handled my comment with maturity. I posted my comment so others who do the same as myself and buy games to play with their wives or friends know ahead of time this games ad is liying and one of the main promised features that could make it worth the money is not actually possible at this time."
,Recommended,298110,26392497,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Johnny End,"I didn't have so much fun playing anything since The Witcher 3. This game really blew my mind. I will be honest I heard so much trash about Ubisoft before, but they are super cool! Why? Once I finished the game I actually took the time to tweet them thanking for the awesome time I had, and they actually replied! That was super awesome of you Ubisoft. You guys are the best!"
,Recommended,298110,23206771,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,beefy100,"The gameplay setup is identical to its predecessor with minor changes that improves the overall experience. Several new vehicles and a slightly tweaked combat system allow for a better playing experience. While this may feel like a drawback, in all fairness Ubisoft games are more memorable for their story than the gameplay.It’s important to note that the story is not just an improvement over its predecessor but a moral journey in the backdrops of a civil war. The story will explore themes of redemption, the emotional consequences of a broken heart along with the internal conflicts of traditional values vs. modern values. The biggest driving force in the story are the two characters who are in conflict with each other but bound by a sense of duty to an adopted country.Unlike Jason Brody from the last game, Ajay Ghale is not some annoying brat who acquires combat skills after taking some hallucinogens. Instead he is a man with a troubled past that wants to put his mother to rest while exploring his families heritage.On the other side of the spectrum is Pagan Min, who seeks to keep control of Kyrat by what ever means necessary. This is a villain that could easily be described as a J-Pop star with the personality and style of the Joker. While he lacks the junkie-style savageness of Vaas Montenegro, he makes up for it with his charismatic charm.Despite being total opposites, they have this twisted relationship that is very similar to what is shared between Batman and the Joker. A relationship that is best demonstrated in how Min doesn’t taunt or provoke Ghale but instead converses as if they are friends.The common theme that bounds these characters is they have a Western upbringing but have have come to Kyrat for a purpose that evolved into an odyssey to better themselves.Far Cry 4 preserves everything gamers liked about its predecessor while introducing a more memorable story that is rich in context. While it will feel like a familiar game, the journey will make players explore a new world with many wonders."
,Recommended,298110,13197779,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Fusou,Great game graphics are amazing.it plays just like farcry 3 with a bunch of new♥♥♥♥♥♥AND LOTS OF BUGS.Story is just crap.npc's still brain dead as ever taking over camps/fortress is way too easy.Coop is alot of funDidnt care for pvp7/10UPLAY SUCKS
76561198017744567,Recommended,298110,13912605,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,dellyfry,"FAR Cry 4, wonderful open sandbox games. Villagers, attackers, animals, living their lives around you and not dependent on you (well completely). Animtation, graphics are spectacular and their is a little bit of landscape in here for everyone like the frozen tundra to mountains, fields, enemy solders will accidently kill themselves or their team mates, it alll great fun and has character. Well acted and believable - you must try it when it comes to a price point reasonable to you."
,Recommended,298110,23285453,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,crazyotakuaiko105,"Not much of a change from Far Cry 3 and that's good and bad.I personally think Pagan is as strong a villain as Vas was, and that's good and they fix the mistake of it's predecessor by NOT making him a secondary antagonist (why they did that I'll never know, such a waste).  The other villains in the story, while not quite like Buck (good and bad), were very well done.Differences between Pagan and Vas, spoiler free.  Pagan is much more...sentimental than Vas ever was.  And that's good, it makes him compelling and makes me want to know more about him and why he's  such a fascinting evil ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.  Yet there are a few things wrong with him, unlike Vas.  I don't fear him, at all, which is good cause it makes him more Hannibal Lectorish.  But, you know, kinda a let down after the intense fear and rush that is Vas.What kills the game, story wise, is Amita and Sabal.  I despise them.  They're boring, they make me WORK, I don't feel like a liberator with them I feel like a mercenary stuck between two ♥♥♥♥♥♥ managers.  At least Citra was a compelling option and character for an ending.  And their endings (don't worry I'm spoiler free) are...lame.  It's really bad when I spend the entire  gme thinking, damn I really want something, anything else than what I'm forced to do for this exciting yet forced story.Personally, the next DLC should be a third option for the game ending (make it worth that season pass price) like Fallout New Vegas No Gods No Masters, or simply ally with Pagan himself.Gameplay, smoother than 3, but the side quests are SO BORING.  Main story is okay, but god damn I hate the side quests.  So tedious, uninteresting, and LONG.   Cept the fashion quests and SOME of the Thanka quests (not all because again BORING), play the game to see why, that was some excellent level designing.One other major complaint, other than weapons, LOOT IS LAME.  Unless you're upgrading your gear or trying to get a specific weapon, there's really no incentive for side quests.That would be one thing to compliment, as usual, some of the best level designing I've seen in a game.  Love the weapons, love the vertibird, and the environment is perfect.  I could spend days being a primal hunter (ahhhh get it?)I will say this, for ubisoft, for a PC port, not bad.  No major problems and very few crashes.  That being said, it's pretty bad I have to say that about a Triple A game producer.  Yeah I remember Assassin's Creed Unity, and while I think Assassin's Creed is boring and haven't played a single one past three I WILL NEVER LET YOU LIVE IT DOWN.All in all....hard to quantify this result but would definitely give it a 7.7/10.  Pretty good game, could be better, but worth a play through.  Work on day story tho."
76561198055717069,Recommended,298110,13614198,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Daddy Trump,"have 24,000 rupees worth of vintage porn in my inventory 10/10"
,Recommended,298110,26731960,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,PlasmaWasp,"Far Cry 4 is so great! How do I know? The game can affect you more than teenage hormones in puberty! You may also feel more impulsive and more inclined to take risks.. Like experimenting with drugs, driving without a licence like a crazy maniac or riding elephants! You forget to eat, forget to sleep, forget to play other games!In the past 4 months I've played all Far Cry games except Far Cry Primal and I must admit I love Far Cry 4 the most. Far Cry 4 made me want to abandon all my other games. All I wanted was to enter this amazing world in Himalayas and start roaming again!It isn't really the main story what makes me think it's all so realistic. It is the way how the world there reacts to my presence. Open world events, wild life can attack you when you are trying to do stealth missions, many possibilities how to travel - Tuk Tuk, Gyrocopter, Wingsuit, Paraglider, Cargo Truck, Snow Mobile and much more. You can also fast travel to outposts once you liberate them. Climbing mountains with a grappling hook can be exciting, especially when you are like me and kill yourself while swinging from one edge to another ;)--->Suicidal me videoI enjoy liberating outposts without being detected the most. Believe me it makes it so much easier for you if they don't call for reinforcements, especially later in game and on hard difficulty.. Hard difficulty is much harder than in Far Cry 3, but I would still recommend it if you like a bit more challenge and adrenaline! I also tried liberating fortresses in coop gameplay and it was so much fun! I wished there were more of them!The main story is ok, weaker than in Far Cry 3, but still fun! What makes Far Cry 4 special for me are the special missions which allow you to travel to new locations like the mythological Shangri-La or the snowy parts of Himalayas full of danger, predators and soldiers, where you have to be aware of your oxygen levels.In my opinion they fixed all the things which were bothering me a bit in Far Cry 3. They should have brought Vaas, though ;) I miss him! The only thing I really dislike in Far Cry 4 is how the main missions are marked on the map by first letter of a name of the person you should be talking to. Everytime I opened my map it took me ages to find those letters! Especially at the beginning when I was a newbie and didn't know how to even get a story mission..Overall I expected disappointment at the beginning of Far Cry 4 because of all the feedback I got.. And no, I don't think it's like Far Cry 3 with improved graphics and weaker story. It's much more than that! I will definitely play this game again!100% recommended! I think it deserves The “Just 5 More Minutes” Award! ♥♥♥Eagle! Eagle! look out for your heads!"
,Not Recommended,298110,12997701,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Alienpope,"EDIT: A lot was fixed when the driver arrived. The driver wasn't available when i first played. The stuttering is fine now.. for the most part. still many hickups. However the mouse acceleration is still present and anoying. TB also mentions this in his status report video (totalbuscuit on youtube. check it out!)I can almost recomend the game now. Wait a week or two and these issues might have been fixed... not sureOld review below! no need to read... but left it in for reference:Please read before you buy! Expensive game, expensive pain....I've played for about 5 - 6 hours now. I have to say it is better than I first expected. The game is super awesome! It is a lot like far cry 3 like people are saying. Not that it is a bad thing. there's still a ton of new features and fun things to do. Characters are great and interesting and the world look awesome! The animals are way more lethal now and how many uses. both for you and the enemies.But... why the hell would you not recomend it OP?Good question random gamer.I can not recomend this game to anyone at this state. The main reason is the microstutter and mouse acceleration. The in-game options have mouseacceleration turned off yet the game still have it enabled. It is super anoying to aim and the mouse controlls just feels inconsistent and sluggish. Far cry 3 had a little bit of this but not nearly as bad. Raw mouse input would solve this probably... GET ON IT UBISOFT!The other thing is the stuttering. I have a GTX 980 and my fps are as high as you would expect them to be. However, despite the high fps the game lags. I am pretty sure it is some kind of in-engine lag.So do not expect a true smooth pc experience with this game. I hope Ubisoft listens (as they never do) and fixes these problems asap. Until then i can not recomend this game."
,Not Recommended,298110,14264526,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,H8DZs,"I think most people would agree that Far Cry 3 was an amazing game.  It's probably #2 or #3 on my list of favs.   Now that I have completed Far Cry 4, it turned out to just be a large disappointment.  I love a game with a great back story and Far Cry absolutely did NOT deliver in this area.  More on that below in the spoilers....Things I liked:Throwing knives - I hope there is a FC3 mod for this someday.  Completely changed how I take out enemy camps.Repair tool is no longer considered a weapon.  You can have your 4 slots and still have the repair toolGyro-copter - Nice touch.  Makes getting to hard areas easier.Grappling hook - Again, nice touch, but was really hoping I would be able to use it against any rock surface, and not just pre-set areas.  Might as well be ladders placed in the world.GPS and Auto-drive - love/hate this....   It's useful at times, but I didn't use it much.  Also - there is a certain truck (enemy truck - not jeep) that auto corrects your steering even when auto-drive is not enabled.  This caused me to crash more than once in deadly ways.  I eventually just avoided this truck.Graaphics - They are better quality than FC3 - the scenery is beautiful.Enemy animal controllers - loved these guys.  Very challenging.Arena Fighting - Nice touch, but didn't do it very often.  Still - a keeper.Propagation Sites - These were fun to blow the hell out of.  Would have liked to see more of these - or the ability to do this kind of damage to camps.  NOTE - this is not the same as the posters.  See below.Cargo trucks and Min's caravans - I always went out of my way to attack these.  A lot of fun!  Also - the Golden Path cargo missions are a lot of fun too.Hostages - This is a great addition to the Far Cry series.Enemies attacking your bases - This is a nice touch, however - there were a few that I didn't go rescue and I still didn't lose the base.  Not sure if I had let that happen more if I would actually lose the camp or not.HURK!  - Once again a hilarious part of FC.  If you didn't get the DLC for FC3, it's worth it.  Hurk is standard in FC4.Not X rated! - While there is the fair share of F-bombs in the game, I'm not subjegated to a porn flick like FC3.  However, I still loved the story of FC3 - FC4 just really fell short in the story area and had the overly adult material been included it would have been an obvious grab for money.Things I HATED! - SPOILERS!!Story - This story was incomplete and boring at best.  They set the entire thing up in the beginning.  No hooks, no surprises, no great cut scenes....   Within 10 minutes I knew what would happen and just prayed that it wouldn't be the case.  Unfortunately, I was proven right.   The final ""battle"" with Min was me walking in to a room and shooting him in the head with a pistol.  Then - fade to black...  roll credits.  Lame!Propagation Posters - Waste of time.  Didn't impact the game at all.Masks - while finding the masks was at times entertaining, I was hoping I would eventually find the killer (like in the final mask or something) and fight it out with him.  So much potential lost here....Shangri-La - Waste of time.  Wish they had removed that and put more time in to the actual game.Fashion week (i.e. hunting) - Obviously hunting was necessary, much as it was in FC3 - get skins craft cool stuff.  However - in FC4 you are trying to put togther some outfit for a 3rd world Calvin Klein.  When you finally get to recover the last pelt, you are asked to attend the fashion show.  When you arive there is a note saying it's cancelled.  In other words, UBI ran out of time and didn't give you anything for it.  Not even a, ""Sorry I had to bail, in the corner you will find your +4 staff against dragons"" or something....Flightsuit - Overall I love the flightsuit, but for whatever reason, my guy could NOT jump off a cliff to save his life.  Instead he would half slide down, then die.  This never happened in FC3 - it was always obvious that he was leaping in to the blue to use his suit.  I stopped using it because I could almost guarantee that my guy would not do it right.EAGLES - Seriously UBI???   What land do you come from where eagles attack you every chance they get?  The occasional attack would be nice, but damn - every time I was turning around, I was getting attacked.  this is by far the most annoying enemy you will face.   And way too many dogs too.  FC3 had the balanced perfectly.  It was just enough that when you were taking over a camp, you were worried about getting surprised from behind by some animal you didn't see - or you were trying to hide from them more than the red guys because you couldn't kill them as silently as the camp personal.  Perfect.  In FC4, you are getting attacked by wildlife ALL THE FRICKING TIME!!!  Annoying.  It really is just the eagles and the dogs - The other wildlife seemed to be balanced better, though there are a lot of leopards too...Special weapons - Uh - can someone tell me what was special about them?  The regular high end weapon of the same category was identical!  FC3 - I couldn't wait to unlock that special shotgun and sniper rifle!  FC4, I rarely used the special weapons.Caves - The caves in FC3 were massive and worth exploring.  The caves in FC4 were just indents in the rock - No adventure at all.  Very disappointing.That is all that comes to mind right now.  Here's hoping that 5 is better....."
76561197978838136,Recommended,298110,13169445,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Locane,"More of the sameIf you've been sitting at the Far Cry dinner table and wished you could have seconds of Far Cry 3, you're in luck.If you were looking for something innovative and totally new that didn't cut corners by using previous assets, this is not the game for you.That being said, I really liked Far Cry 3 and didn't mind paying $60 for a second run-through with a fresh purpose and storyline.  I just wish they would have changed the skinning animations or the radio tower mechanics.  Far Cry 4 is basically suped-up Far Cry 3, but this time you get a bunch of different grenade launchers and a one-man helicopter called a ""Buzzer"", which is invaluable.The Arena in Far Cry 4 is probably my favorite part - pulse-pounding survival game that is chaotic, and crazy kills and chain combos are rewarded with health, ammo, and the roar of the crowd.  Also boobs at the entrance."
,Recommended,298110,20317833,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,TheRealCelticBatman,"The recipe is the same, but the environment is different.  The thing is, the recipe is good.  Very good.  I have all four of the games and this is as good as FC3.  Maybe Pagan is or isn't as bad a bad guy as Vaas, but they are both nutjobs, so you decide which you prefer.  Add to it the Nepal-ish environment, it is a great game.  I bought it on sale with the Season Pass for like $22.Worth it.8.5/10"
,Recommended,298110,14500776,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,MalloryKnox.,"As a Far Cry 3 fangirl, it wasn't difficult for me to love this game even more than its predecessor. Yes, it DOES have similarities with Far Cry 3 - the hunting, the syringes, the enemy, the map, the skills system, the tower unlocking.... but you know, as somebody who raced through Far Cry 3 so eagerly I finished it far too soon, Far Cry 4 was exactly what I wanted. It has (MUCH) better graphics, incredible scenery, more intelligent NPCs, more variation in tasks, a tighter learning curve, a more likeable character, more ways to move around the map, more animals, a better story plot and better weapons.Now let me talk about the much talked about antagonist of the game: Pagan Min. I decided, before this game was available, that although I would give Far Cry 4 the chance it deserved, there was no way on this earth that they could produce a villian as bloody brilliant as Vaas from FC3. He was unpredictable, dangerous and completely nuts; just the right combination. And then I met Pagan Min. It was like they had taken the dangerous, violent nature of Vaas, added just the right amount of flamboyance and a sharp suit, mixed in a double helping of sadism and topped it off with a slice of gentlemanly British manners. He is just perfect.I have over 30 hours of this game and I am still only about 60% of the way through. I feel like FC4 is a very well developed, high-standard open world game in which you can play exactly how you choose. Although there is a new DLC out, this game is so absolutely jam packed and qualitative, I feel like I don'tneedto buy it. In a time where so many games developers release sh*tty, unifinished games then try to flog £50 of DLCs to just make it a worthy game (I'm looking at you Evolve and Borderlands), Far Cry 4 has been a highly enjoyable experience with a serious lack of tiresome addons and DLC. It does have similarities to 3, but if you can get over that (or, even better, enjoyed 3 as much as I did) then it will be well worth your time and money to buy this game.Update: Finished the game. I don't know what ending other people who complained had, but that was the most fun and challenging finale in any game I have ever played!"
,Recommended,298110,32324435,Posted: 10 June,all,[970]CaSweaty,"Having never played a FarCry game before, this game on it's own was very good to me. The character development is good, the choices you make matter-ish, and the perfect mixture of wanting to go stealth or balls to the walls is nice. You more or less are doing the same tasks over and over as you would in most open world games where you don't want to just complete the main story line, however they make each mission incredibly unique. Sure the mission types are rinse and repeat, but where and how you complete them are always different. It really made me want to finish the game and most side quests.Just when you think you're getting bored, throw on online co-op and go ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥up. It's very fun having somebody take down a fortress with you when you're on the same page.I don't intend on playing it again after I write this review, but it was fun!"
,Recommended,298110,13019824,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Herostratus,"This is definitely my favourite game that I've played yet.I'll start off with the negatives, incase any of these are a deal breaker for you:The graphics are pretty demanding, so unless you have an amazing rig, I'd advise expecting to run it on the lower options.  I am using AMD everything, basically, and I've found that most of the issues AMD users were reporting early on have already been fixed (either by Ubisoft or AMD).There are some parts where waves upon waves of enemies will be spammed at you - more than in the weed burning mission in FC3. This is really a matter of opinion, though, and can be pretty fun at times.The positives:My computer is quite a bit below the minimum specs recommended, and the game still works quite well most of the time. Granted, I had to update my video driver (as you do), and change a few settings in the GamerProfile.xml that weren't accessible ingame, but it worked in the end.Assuming you do have a decent computer, the graphics are seriously nice.A fairly detailed & colossal map.All of the old guns from FC3 are still here, if you had any favourites. Most people seem to be treating this as negative, but I have absolutely no problem with it, given that:Heaps of cool new weapons aswell. Most notably: an automatic crossbow, the M79 GL (which is treated as a sidearm), throwing knives (extremely accurate, silent, ranged weapons which you throw using the grenade key), and sticky variants of your favourite bombs - your grenades, mines, and C4 can now stick to whatever you throw them at - best of all, this option is toggleable on the go. There's also bait, which is thrown like a grenade to lure nearby hostile animals, which there are always a few of.Some weapons are now considered ""sidearms"". All this means is that they can be used in certain situations where others couldn't be - most notably, when driving any vehicle. The downside is that one of your weapon slots can only hold sidearms - however, the other 3 can also hold sidearms, if you want to have multiple.A fair few new animals - from the small honey badgers, which are terrifyingly vicious, to the much larger rhinos & elephants.You can ride the elephants! They may seem like a gimmick, but they are a huge amount of fun. I haven't seen any outside of quests, and maybe an outpost, though. I wouldn't recommend using a RPG while you're on it though, they uh, don't survive the blast too well. Or at all really.Ever wanted to race a tuk tuk? Probably not, but now you can anyway!Gyrocopters - by far the most convenient mode of transport, only losing in style to any elephant.A grappling hook, which can only be used in specific spots. It adds a nice bit of variance to climbing puzzles, and provides a good number of alternate routes to various places.Adopts the alternate approach system from Far Cry 2 for some of the main quests, meaning that you get to choose from two different ways to deal with the mission. If you care for immersion, it can make for some pretty interesting choices.Far more random encounters, with greater variance. It can be quite fun to save a couple of hostages while moving towards your goal, or to stop a honey badger terrorizing an innocent civilian (and get paid for it).Huge amount of notes, books, and other information lying around in game which enriches the story setting nicely. If you like reading about game lore, then you'll probably be happy with this.Greater variance in voice acted lines, and a great amount of contextual lines - for example: I've heard people saying things specific to the outpost they were in after I'd liberated it.Improved AI - I had no complaints with the AI in FC3, but it's definitely better here.Wish you could've sided with Hoyt in FC3 (who doesn't)? Well, there's a secret ending that lets you peacefully end the game by siding with Pagan Min. Pretty snazzy detail, I think.The sidequests are plentiful, and much improved. If you were planning on skipping over them and just following the main questline, I'd really advise giving them a try.The HUD is fairly customizable, to a point which should make fans of ziggy's mod happy.New weapon/crafting wheel system, which can be extremely handy, especially since it can toggle sticky bombs, and craft + use syringes on the go, although it can take a little getting used to.Skills and equipment have been rebalanced, with some things that were skill dependant in FC3 now being available by default, or obtained through other methods. For example: instead of having a skill to get 2 skins from a single animal, you just have to make it a 'clean kill' instead - using bolts, arrows, or your kukri instead of bullets/fire/explosions. The wingsuit is now available from the start, I believe. It can be obtained in the shop for about 25 grand, by picking it up for free in a couple places, or somehow not obtaining it long enough for it to be given to you during a mission.The story, while seen from the point of view of the main character, is far less centered on him than it was on Jason Brody in Far Cry 3. While I'm a little sad about this, it also pays off hugely because it enables the story to focus more on the struggles of the country, from the over all civil war, the condition of the Golden Path group, to minor details like a son's father being killed for trying to set up a free radio station. This results in a fairly rich environment, and I found that it added a whole lot more depth to the game world.I've missed a whole lot of great points, but it's an extremely fun game, and I'd happily recommend it to anyone.Edit: I've finished the main story, but definitely not all of the game, so I'll finish off my review by adding that by the end, I loved the story. It has high replayability - both the gameplay and the story, since you can choose alternate paths which affect both."
,Recommended,298110,12984687,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,wolfblue20,"So I was pleasantly surprised today to see the ""available now"" for this game in the steam updates. This is more of a 30 minutes in first impressions than a actuall review. Firstly this game is absolutely beautiful, I have a I5 and a gtx 770 with 16gb ram and able to play this game at high settings with 2xmsaa and the first option for multisampling (Forgot what It's called) with fov at max and managed to get 70-80 fps with a few dips to 40-50 (Possible fixable in a future patch/graphics card update). Next I was quite surprised at how well this game runs at launch, you've probably had your ears blown off about the preformace of watch dogs and the 30 fps cap of ac unity, obviously I'm in the minority seeing as I have quite high end hardware and can't really base how well this game runs on lower end specs. I was kinda dissapointed Ajay didn't have a accent and sounds almost identical to Jason from fc3. Also I'm not sure if it's just me but mouse input feels......weird....like one second it's the sensitivity I set, than the next it's the lowest sensitivity for a split second then back to the sensitivity I set (Hopefully fixed in a future patch). Anways initial impressions for me have been far more impressive than that of watch dogs and most other AAA games."
,Recommended,298110,31014239,Posted: 8 April,all,TbagginEagle,"It's like everyone forgets about the Farcry series when talking♥♥♥♥♥♥about Ubi. This is some of the best gaming around. I have played since the series started on PC. Then Xbox for Instincts and whatever else. Then 360 for FC2 and FC3 now back to PC and with a 1060 it's just straight up gorgeous. I know a lot of people cant stand Uplay but i never have a problem with it and enjoy the extra points since i go for achievements anyway. So i kind of horde uplay points but get cool little things here and there. I am playing Wildlands and it's sick as hell too. I loved Watchdogs and can't wait to play the 2nd. But anyways back to FC4...The graphics are stunning. The mountains are almost breathtaking, with fog around the peaks. There are drug sequences that are pretty cool like a Rob Zombie video or something. The wildlife interacts with everything and Kyrat is super deadly. You can get killed by the freaking snakes. It's like the pitfall game i always wanted as a kid. Grappling and rock climbing is fun and there are little mini choppers to get around the mountanous regions.The skill trees are pretty cool but some of the skills are nothing to write home about. However, R.J. is a straight up ninja when upgraded. For example you can parkour slide under a fence, jump-stab a guy in the chest and throw the knife off of his chest to kill the guy behind him. It is very rewarding to become so effecient at killing Min's ratty little minions.The driving is on point in my opinion, atvs are loose in the dirt and the trucks aren't. The wingsuit is an awesome way to get around but shouldn't be bound to the shift key. This can make you glide into trees or walls killing you when you were just trying to do a run jump. It is still a badass way to navigate the terrain and there are some epic missions with it. The guns are nice and tight and you get the satisfaction of bullet and arrow drop.You can play any mission how you like. Sneak in or run and gun. I could see playing this game for a couple hundred hours especially with DLC and multiplayer. The story is pretty cool nothing thats going to change the world but good enough for an action game. There are decisions for every main mission that add a little exta to the story and i'm pretty sure there are multiple endings but i think one good run-through is enough for me. I could run around Kyrat for quite some time never even getting to the end.There are many features i haven't gotten a chance to list but some include: hunting, raiding convoys, assassinations, races, radio tower liberations, strongholds, and many others like gathering posters and things like that. There are a lot of cool upgrades for weaponry like scopes, suppressors, and skins. I recommend as soon as the game lets you, just run out into the wild and start stealing atv's and driving around and taking it all in. It's truly a beautiful place. Hitting the trails and just driving around is super fun. I recommend this game so hard. like Dewey Cox hard."
,Not Recommended,298110,33158044,Posted: 2 July,all,Detective Mekova™,"Hello, I'm just writing a quick review for this game since I finally bought the Far Cry 4: Super Duper Jerk It Edition for about 30 bucks.The Good:-Great selection of weaponry. I love how many there are, but honestly you'll only ever use the signature weapons. They're op as heck and easy to unlock.-Very beautiful atmosphere. The best in the series, next to Far Cry II.-Interesting enough story. Could be deeper. I love how it's sort of a satire of itself. A local dude shows up to a war torn country and is thrown into a world of crap. When all he wanted to due was bury his mum.-Very fun big bad, but I wish he was more involved than he was.-Relatively fluid gameplay, outside of the major gun battles and stealthy stuff. More on that below.-REALLY great supporting characters. I love them all! I can't remember their names, but they all have their own motivations and beliefs. So it's easy to point to one or two of them and go ""Yup, that's my favorite character. I want more of them.""The Bad:-The ai is either stupid or super 'smart'. Rarely is dealing with liberating camps fun due to the ai. They can see you from a mile away, and know exactly where you are. Sometimes you can flank them, but only if you're lucky. I've liberated half of the camps, and only twice was I able to snipe the enemy without all of them going ""THERE HE IS! BEHIND THE BUSHES! AND THE ROCK! AND THE TREE! ABOUT 1KM AWAY!"". It's not fun.-The mortors. Those are the worst. You don't even need to be spotted, and they'll start shelling your exact position. I get that it's supposed to prevent people from camping, but seriously, we don't need a stupid mortor to chase us away from the position we were in.-Stealth. The ""stealth"" feels like it's significantly worse in this game than in Far Cry III. I remember being able to silently take down entire camps by strategically sniping the snipers and spotting enemies, then use tactics to move out of the paths of enemies to silently take them down. Now, if you snipe and try to reposition to avoid detection, one small move means you're ""spotted"" by the enemy. Then the above issue with mortors and the ai occurs. Over and over again. A grunt with an AK shouldn't be able to see you from more than 500 meters away without binoculars or something. Otherwise, what's the point in sniping? Due to the above, it ruins the flow of gunplay. Honestly it's just more effective spamming grenades and molotovs. Hell, you get more XP for a grenade kill than a headshot kill in many cases. So it's like, what's the point?-Protagonist. This is probably the weakest part of the game. He's just some bloke who gets caught up in a bunch of♥♥♥♥♥♥ but he's somehow already a cold blooded murderer? In Far Cry III you witness Jason go from your every day frat Bro to a jaded killer. The skill point system in that game altered your character as a human being. Not to mention that more than half of the skill points are useless. Which leads to:-Skill points. They're mostly useless, save for infinite sprint, and the health ones. All of the elephant, save for three or four, are useless. You're never going to need the hunter syringe. Nor the increased damage one. The take downs on the tiger's side are useful usually, but it's not as rewarding anymore since you'll probably be forced into spamming grenades or other explosives anyway.The Ugly:-Fall damage. The character can take 50 shots to the body, but can't fall more than 10 feet without dying?-The setting. More of the same find towers, liberated outposts, do the main missions whenever.-Invisible walls. Specifically with the helicopters. You could be flying straight ahead for miles, then for some reason you'll hear the beeping that means you're flying too high, and you'll stall out and crash, or just blow up. It's ludicrous how often that's happened to me.-Karma Events. People say it improves the stale gameplay, but really it's mostly annoying. You can clear out a hostage situation, leave for two seconds, and then return to save the same hostage. Ad Infinitum. I know cause I milked that. I seriously shot the hostage just to see what would happen, only to have him respawn again. Weak.Overall:I feel that the devs were lazy with this one. They ran out of steam, and resorted to limiting how the player can achieve their goals for the sake of padding the gameplay. It was worth the 25-30 bucks for the super duper jerk me off edition, but it's not a game I can see myself playing much more of after I beat it. With Far Cry III, I still play it from time to time (I have it on a different platform due to issues with windowed mode on the steam version for some reason). If the devs made the ai dumber (as in more human-like), then it'd be more enjoyable. I like stealth, and I like quick ends to fights. If a fight lasts too long I just restart the mission because it's not worth the time or energy trying to play Far Cry IV: Horde Mode."
76561197990682936,Recommended,298110,28520985,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,jefftoaster,"Sometimes I love this game and sometimes I hate it.  When it runs without crashing I love it.  The graphics are excellent and the game play is fun.  When it crashes and I lose an hour or two of progress because I CAN'T FREAKING SAVE my progress when and where I WANT TO, rather than when the game decides to, then I hate it.  Seriously, the lack of a quicksave feature does NOT enhance the game, it doesn't make it more challenging, it doesn't add to the fun... it really just annoys the crap out of me.  Especially since I know it wasn't a technical decision.  So please, in the future, let ME decide when I want to save.Having said all that, I keep coming back to play this game again and again.  Recommend completely."
,Not Recommended,298110,30338147,Posted: 5 March,all,Joga,"Far Cry 4 exemplifies the typical ""Ubisoft open world game"", and all the baggage that comes along with that. Namely: it mostly feels like busywork. The core gameplay loop involves climbing up towers to reveal new areas on the map, then you set a waypoint to an icon, then blindly follow the waypoint indicator until you clear it off the map. Repeat ad infinitum. It feels like achore.  There's crafting and an upgrade system and survival elements because of course there are - there's no surprise, nothing new. If you own Far Cry 3 there's absolutely no reason to buy this game. It is the same game. If you own any other number of dozens of recent AAA open world games there's also no point in buying this, it's exactly the same as all the others. It's not necessarily abadgame, it's just an incredibly safe and bland game.I bought FC4 full price at launch, and played a couple of hours before just kind of... stopping. I didn't feel compelled at all to launch the game again, it felt like I was just playing just to complete it, just to clear more icons off the map. I wasn't actually havingfun. A few months later I tried picking it up again, and again I just bounced right off of it, no motivation to continue playing.If youreallyenjoy the ""open world survival-craft"" genre that is a dime-a-dozen on Steam nowadays, you might like this game. But for me, it offers nothing new, nothing exciting, and frankly just feels like a chore to play."
,Recommended,298110,13033522,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,TuVok Shakur,I threw rocks at people from my hang glider. Ewok Simulator 2014Chucked grenades off my boat into the water to kill a fish. Crocodile Dundee Simulator 2014.
,Recommended,298110,13131571,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,"Dr. Jeff B. Sessions III, J.D.","""Like Skyrim with badgers.""10/10-Machinima"
,Not Recommended,298110,12999583,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,RSev,"First of all, There is mouse emulation/mouse deceleration on and there is no way to disable it. same with acceleration even though there is an option to turn it off, it is still on. I preordered watchdogs acu and farcry 4. dissappointed with watch dogs, didnt learn my lesson with acu, and for farcry 4 i thought hmmmmmmm maybe since its an old engine it will have no problems. I was clearly wrong. DO NOT EVER PREORDER ANYTHING FOR UBISOFT UNTIL THEY LEARN TO MAKE A GAMEIf you play on a low dpi <900 then you will not be able to withstand the attrocious mouse decel. Even at 900 you will still feel itEDIT: I turned off the mouse accel. the mouse decel is not able to be turned off.Stealth system is just as ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ as farcry 3, not many improvements overall. coop is incredibly buggy the annoying system where you get knocked down by an enemy and then die as you are getting up is still in place. Not worth 60 bucks at all i would pay 30 for this trash, max"
,Recommended,298110,30377936,Posted: 7 March,all,WeirdnAwesome,"Grabbed this on a steam sale for 50% offPersonally I find the far cry series just the repetitive rehashing of ideas, just in different locations. Literally one of the biggest flaws in this game is that it's so predictable. The weapons, enemies, storyline and collectibles feel like you're just playing the same thing over and over and over. :/Pros:- Really beautiful environment (other than the map edge haze that they put in), other than that it's really pretty- Animal hunting is fun, enemy killing is satisfying- Some fun racing style quests and shoot em up sort of missions- Incredibly forgiving cash and collectible system (but also a serious flaw)Cons:- The environment never feels any different, it's pretty but after a while all that prettiness just falls flat. Every base, every building and every tower is the same exact feel. I don't really feel like I'm unlocking different areas and progressing further into difficult territory. (Take bioshock infinite as a good example - but yes that not really an open world game)- Missions and storyline is rather boring. Like... there's nothing special in the storyline tbh. The characters are kinda cool but I really don't pay attention to half of they say- Money is ridiculously easy to come by. My fully upgraded wallet never goes empty. Looting is rampant and excessively generous till there is no point of unlocking weapons via progress, just buy it all!- Also, when u have access to rpgs at the start, gg to the enemies. No challenge :( It's honestly hard to die. I've only died by fall damage so far so.- Also, how ♥♥♥♥ing op are arrows? One arrow takes down even heavy enemies. Just with arrows u can take down massive bases. And its silent.- Like i said above, it's like playing far cry 3 because it's the same game mechanics and art style. I would definitely not get primal because it's just the same thing.. i mean let's be honest here..But all in all, i'll recommend this only if you don't have any other game to play. Or you are just really bored and want an easy open world fps. Ps: Get it on sale."
76561198099077745,Recommended,298110,22697008,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Dorazio77,"There a two ways you can play this game. I will give an example, I rode an elephant into pagan min's fotress armed with a chaingun, grenades, two different cars covered in c4 blew the gates down after I let them ride into the base, my friend was above me in a gyrocopter with a grenade launcher and together we stomped (literally) the entire population of the base including the reinforements.The second way is easily just as fun. I snuck in the base alone armed with nothing but my kukri, an autocross and a bow. Slowly I snuck my way over to the sniper's nest I preformed a takedown on one and threw a knife at the other simultaneously. No one noticed. Then I made my way to the two other sniper platforms, preforming takedown after takedown knife throw. Finally all of the snipers were taken care of. Then I took down two people by leaping down from a rooftop onto his head, I stuck a knife in his throat and spun quickly to his partner before any alarm could be raised. I took their bodies and placed them carfully underneath a table. Around the corner a heavy gunner walked. He had heavy armor on, I could not kill him with my bow or crossbow. So I snuck behind him and stuck a knife in his neck. There were twelve more guards left. I took out six of them silently then aproched the last five on the center platform. I took down one then pulled my victims pisol out and shot the rest. I had liberated the outpost without raising any alarms."
,Recommended,298110,31704183,Posted: 12 May,all,UnpeeledBanana1,"I own this game on 4 different platforms and have completed the story 7 times,I have no regrets what so ever."
76561198027016437,Recommended,298110,29910609,Posted: 13 February,all,mckracken,"This is very good game. Maybe there is too much action (shooting) in such a long game, that it will tire you some. (will finish around 40 hours) And there could be more variety among enemies, and yes the main baddy is too much over the top -(especially when you consider the other characters) but, yes, it is a very good game, with a setting I LOVE. (bits and pieces of 'fantasy' Hinduism amid the glorious Himalayan's)It's my first Far Cry since the original. (which I remember only had the graphics going for it back then) So I can't compare it with Far Cry 3 but if you are exhausted by palm tree's and beaches: This is for you."
76561198061861733,Recommended,298110,13031276,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,AmazonKendall,Pagan Min did nothing wrong.
76561198045098578,Not Recommended,298110,14186693,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,nioman86,"As a long time fan of the FC games my hopes were really high. But from the very start I had issues with this game.At the first run the game only worked in 4:3 mode. After some try and error I finally got it to run on 16:10 but there was still huge black bars on both the top and bottom of the screen. Sometimes the game would only display a black screen once started.This game was obviously designed to run on console. The mouse control  feels like it is created as an after thought for the games PC version.The game is not bad but I was simply waiting for something so much more. The graphics are good but not amazing, the world is beatiful but nothing we haven´t seen before. There is no real innovation in this game. If you have played FC3 you will be straight at home (and bored) with this game.The best thing about this game is the co-op mode. It is huge fun to go through the land with a friend just tearing a hole  in Pagan Min´s forces. If you do not play co-op (or have no friends) my suggestion would be to buy FC3 as it is cheaper, has almost exactly the same content and somehow I find the world much more ineteresting."
76561198037880467,Recommended,298110,13310417,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,calebstruble,"FarCry 4 is tons of fun. However this is not because it is original. I have beena huge fan of the series which is why this game dissapointed me is some areas. The characters were all coockie cutter and had no real back story, with the exception of Pagan, who is simply not in the game enough. The story had some potential, but is seriously lacking. With a high bar set with Far Cry 3, this one had big shoes to fill. The combat is pretty much exactly the same as FC3, with some more skills and weapons, and the game play is identicle. All in all i loved it but expected a little more from Ubisoft."
,Recommended,298110,14377408,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,TheVoiceOfTravis,"Literally 700meters from the tower. just need visual of the area so I can go treasure hunting.. mind you this 700m!!!!!!!!!! THATS ALL... I literally fought my way thru the royal army at least killed 15 to 20 which is pretty tough in this game since im on the Hard level. I fight off a tigers, packs of dogs and wild boars. I survived an ambush rolled out of the truck as they mowed it down with 50cals... i took them out then out of no where... when everything is quiet and im about to make it up to the tower after having my life down to one bar...... a MOTHA ♥♥♥♥EN EAGLE WENT FULL MURICA ON ME AND IM DEAD10/10 becuase i screamed like a little girl."
76561197970787854,Recommended,298110,24937353,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,RightHander,Far Cry 4 = Indian Rambo Simulator
,Not Recommended,298110,16507966,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,лиса женщина,"INTRODUCTIONWhy do I even bother to continue to buy releases from Ubisoft?I bought this game June 15, 2015 for %50 off of retail price($29.99USD), during Steam summer sale.At the time of this review I have played just over 30hrs and completed %63 of the entire game.SYS SPECS(FOR BOTH PCs I HAVE PLAYED ON)AMD-6300@4.5GHz | i7-3820@4.0GHzCrosshair V Formula | Rampage IV Formula16GB RAM@ 2400MHzx2 7970 | x2 R9 280X1920x1080 resolution @ 75Hz/75FPSPROSStunning visuals at ultraBeautiful settingsAbundance of side quests and collectablesChoice in campaign missions which somewhat dictate story outcomeEXPLOSIONS!!!Riding elephants into convoysCONSMain character is void of any personality whatsoeverStory, enemies and concepts are so close to Far Cry 3 it fails to feel new and originalWhether it is a campaign or side quest all tasks feel reptitive to the point of blandnessAnimal attacks seem to happen way to often(ie: Shoot at a tiger, get rammed by a Yak and attacked by tiger at the same time. After killing both, get attacked by eagle while skinning said animals, I die...-_-)The combat mechanics feel worse than Far Cry 3(What's the point of the takedown button if whenever in close quarters it never allows you to use it?)Requires 2 DRMsPoor conversion of controls from consoleCONCLUSIONI really wanted to like this game, as I really did enjoy Far Cry 3, but I just can't. There are way too many things that just fell short of my expecations. For those looking to play a Far Cry game, I recommend buying Far Cry 3. Even as a Far Cry fan boy I can not recommend this game."
76561197995178099,Not Recommended,298110,15454286,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Ninja Squirrel,"Imagine everything you loved about Far Cry 3. Now imagine a less interesting map, crowbarred intra-faction conflicts, more generic and poorly explained villians, and add a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of 'dream' or mountain fights complete with their own barely explained mecahnics that are sub-par to the main game in every way. Then, to add insult to injury, imagine scattering the terrain with out-of-bounds areas not marked on the map to make navigation more difficult.Just get Far Cry 3. It's got a more fun story, a better map, and exactly the same gameplay in every other way."
,Recommended,298110,13513016,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Darkly Quill,"Man goes to India and gets caught up in civil war, discovers injecting leaves into himself gives him superpowers and proceeds to kill anyone wearing red.EDIT: Quit correcting me about the setting. I know it takes place in Nepal/Tibet, those are on the Indian peninsula you sweatbeasts. I made this review to be funny, so I chose to say India, because who in the hell would say ""Nepal/Tibet"" in that context.The fact that I had to edit this review to make you kiddies shut up means we as a species have already lost.Have a nice day, and remember to apply lube before you ♥♥♥♥ yourself."
,Recommended,298110,13085894,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,#KushDaddy,"So far this is an awesome game.Pros+ great graphics+ same great gameplay, with many improvements.+ Your knife is a kukri, and you can ride elephants+ lots of cool guns and weapons+ badass take downs+ Tons of stuff to do+ cool story so farNow for cons- like unity (however to a lesser extent) this game is currently poorly optimized, if it can run on a ps4 or xbox one, it better run like a dream on a high end gaming pc with a GTX 780 TI, 16 gigs of ram, and an I5 4670k @ 3.40 GHz...and thats about it, i love this game, but i am kinda upset with the optimization. i'm sure there will be a patch fixing everything, but please ubisoft, get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together."
,Recommended,298110,12995471,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Energizer Bunny of Bullshit,"Pagan Min told me he'd come back in 15 minutes. He did. Turns out he's a pretty cool guy.10/10 - Would beat Far Cry 4 in 20 minutes again.Many of you might be wondering, ""How exactly does this review help me decide whether or not to buy the game?"". And that's completely understandable. I'll be the first to admit: At a glance, this review looks like a troll review. You might be sick of troll reviews. It just so happens (at the time of this writing) that it looks like 43% of you are sick of troll reviews. It even looks like one of you decided to look at the rest of my reviews and vote them all down. Well, it may come as a surprise to you, but this review isn't a troll review. Yes, it's short. Yes, it's one of those 10/10 posts without substantial reasoning. Yes, it looks like it's trying to be funny. Hell, it might even actually be funny to you. However trollish it looks, those came as afterthoughts to this review. This review was, first and foremost, about letting people know about the alternate ending where Pagan Min doesn't become the bad guy and you don't even need to fire a shot. This review is about letting people know that this game tells two sides of the Far Cry 4 story. This review is about letting people know that the psychotic dictator in fabulous pink clothing, who stabbed two different people within 10 minutes of the start of the game, really, truly, might not be as bad as the Golden Path storyline wants you to believe.This review doesn't just say ""Pagan Min told me he'd come back in 15 minutes. He did. Turns out he's a pretty cool guy.10/10 - Would beat Far Cry 4 in 20 minutes again.""If you read between the lines and then follow through, this review actually says ""There are two sides to this story.One where Min is your friend who genuinely intends to help you, where you can live in blissful semi-ignorance of the scale of the rebellion happening around you. He just desperately wants revenge on the golden path for killing his daughter.The other, where you take up arms and rebel against Min and his Army to finish your father's job and free kyrat from his regime.""I almost take it as a compliment that the meaning of this review was hidden so deep behind a troll facade that 43% of you thought it was a legitimate troll. Thank you all for reading and understanding."
,Not Recommended,298110,13000776,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Uwaaaah?!,"It's an ok game so far. Just ok in my opinion. This is the first far cry game I have ever played. The story is alright but irritating at times when the character your playing stays quiet when you didnt make the right 'branching decision' in their eyes and you just have to sit and take their crap. The combats fun enough but you will always be getting sidetracked with your outposts being attacked and karma missions which all feel pointless. There is a wealth of things to do but again, it all feels pointless unless its a main story mission. Rewards for side quests include: MONEY! and XP! and.... well thats about it apart from some karma which again, seems pretty pointless.The graphics in the game are beautiful flying around and using the glider suit are fun. I haven't expeirenced too many bugs apart from being unable to loot some corpses because they're next to walls. Controller and mouse work fine for me.I feel its all a bit meh. There is no reason for your guy helping the people there even if his parents were from there. You the player have no idea why the dude you're playing as is a badass and can shoot, skin and make syringes. WHY? HOW DID HE GET ALL THESE SKILLS!? ITS PISSIN ME OFF! Anyway, overall not a bad game but I keep finding that I have to push myself to play in the hope that it will get better. Its not addictive or something that im that excited to play, it just.. is.I would wait until a price drop it you want to try it out. There is probably 60$ worth of content here, the question is is it fun enoughEDIT: So i just completed the game and the story did get a lot better. Do i recommend it? Hard to say. There are some really cool things and some really not.The Shangri-La Quests are awesome ( I wont spoil too much) they could make a game on that place alone.The Gameplay also gets better when the enemies get more difficult and you get more of the takedown skills, syringes etc.However, I still find that the 2 mission characters Anita and Sabal are complete ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. The game tries too hard to push difficult decisions on you so you get the feels. But in reality it only serves to♥♥♥♥♥♥you off. Best way i can sum it up it : ""Hey Ajay, go save this, for Kyrat!"" ""No Ajay! Blow it up for Kyrat!"" **Blows stuff up** "" ""AJAY YOU COMPLETE ♥♥♥♥ING WASTE OF SPACE♥♥♥♥♥♥DO YOU KNOW WHAT YOU HAVE DONE!? OH MY GOD YOU ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ YOU!""My favourite NPC in the game is the villain Pagan  Min, The game did nothing to turn me against him. Seems like a nice guy (y'know apart from the torture and opression stuff...). Hurk is cool too but you only get him with a pre-order which seems wrong because he adds what feels like a lot to the game, as if he was taken out of the completed game and put back as a pre order bonus, which feels wrong."
76561198084105246,Not Recommended,298110,13048884,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,chodesucker1,"When you start playing this game, you instantly realize there is something wrong with the mouse movement.I turned mouse accel OFF ingame and also in the .xml file, without success. I found this thread :http://forums.ubi.com/showthread.php/954031-The-acceleration-threadthat can help people who can't play this game with those mouse settings.After few hours playing it you realize the mouse just emulate a stupid analogic gamepad controler movement. And you can't do nothing about it. And you stop playing it. I realy tried but i will wait for a patch.PC gamers, and particular FPS gamers don't buy this game and wait for a fix."
,Recommended,298110,12986725,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Dronez,"The game is beautiful, stunning and amazing. However, you can definitely feel every part of Farcry 3 in this game, if you like it, go ahead and buy it. Obviously it's not JUST Farcry 3, but alot of mechanics are the same, with added animals and a few weapons etc. I wish i had a better rig to play it, unfortunately my 570 cant even handle it on Medium-High so i don't want to ruin my experience. I do think the prologue is a bit too long (40 mins) but other than that its truley stunning.The default settings that it sets you are a bit silly, you'll need to configure it to your likings. Mouse acceleration and sensitivity is almost non existant until you turn it up.Edit: I would personally reccomend you skip this game if you don't have a fairly new computer, the game is disgusting with anything under High and alot of graphics issues start to pop in. I don't think FC4 was very optimized for PC at all unlike Shadow of Morder for example that could run high on very old GPU's and still not drop below 30 fps. However you may just ignore my suggestion but thats fine."
76561198225827644,Recommended,298110,33137444,Posted: 2 July,all,Chrissyc ميسا,"One of my favourite games of all time, would definately recommend."
76561198078240204,Recommended,298110,13840255,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,kreeperslayer45,"""Like Skyrim with Guns""-Adam Kovic, Machinima"
,Recommended,298110,13191546,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Bella,"In general, the game is very good, but in any game has its pros and cons and cons have unfortunately more ... that is very disappointing ... the lack of charismatic heroes, compared with the previous part ... large consumption graphs plot ... summed up very, very weak ... improved gameplay, the only plus from my point of view ... my personal evaluation of the game: 7.1 / 10"
76561198022788957,Recommended,298110,13626226,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,RudeMoose,"Far Cry 4 is a sad story about a heroin and violence addicted man named Ajay Ghale. Ajay will be getting high as a kite off of heroin and carrying out dangerous violent missions for his two friends Sabal and Amita who never appreciate his hard work and important decisions he will make for the Golden Path. Ajay will never be able to make the right descision which sends you (the player) down a black abyss of depression and frustration, eventually turning you into a heroin user yourself.11/10 would shoot up heroin and cry again."
,Recommended,298110,14525375,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Kuasimoddo,"Open world shooter very similar to the previous iteration. My steam account says that I've played 68 hours.68 hours.............I mean, seriously, can that be right?It's Farcry 3 but bettter. I wanted to 100% it but towards the end I had to start finishing stuff up. 68 hours.......Yeah....its good."
,Recommended,298110,13027788,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Lex Lagger,"This game was released on the 18th, without proper driver for SLI support, even still by last night (the 20th) I have logged over 40 hours in the game.The good, the bad, and the ugly.The good:I came, I played, I got killed by a tiger...It's fun, no arguing that.  Gliders? Yea they are here, but those are really a FarCry3 sort of thing. This is FarCry4, we use Wingsuits. I've spent some time zooming across the map and find myself trying to reach higher places to jump from just for the visual and fun of flying through trees, and just bearly making it over a crest to another opening then deploying just before hitting the ground.The AI is reasonably smart, and if you take some time with your camera or sniper rifle you can see them doing some funny things. Through my scope I found one of the factions members taking cell phone photos of a propaganda poster on a radio tower just before I joined part of him with it.Elephants... Not only can you ride them, you can use them to call others.... Need to storm the castle? Break through that front door with a pack, that's how you make an enterance!Co-op is... Fun! If you have a mic. The in game comunication is limited, salute for yes, give the finger for no, and a few other minimallist commands.Uplay's Reward for Playing features, more points, more in game goodies!The random encounters with animals, Karma events, and ""other"" things (I don't want to add any spoilers for those who are just looking into the game.) keep it fresh.There are small personal hellicopters, these are a great way to get around, get to a high enough altitude to flight suit, or to have a co-op buddy grapple onto so you can sling them over top and have them land in the blades... Death from above off of a ledge? Thats for noobz! Death from above from a chopper? That's more like it, just don't be flying it when you jump down to kill the enemy. It hurts when it lands on you...One of these Rino's is not like the other...Rino's seem to be the bad♥♥♥♥♥of the jungle. Come near them and they may just go on a rampage and kill everything around you... Yes everything, not just everyone. Really? What did that little K car do to you Rino? It was a good Reliant Automobile! ...Some times they are rather easy to dispatch. 2 shots with the elephant gun and down they go, other times, 4 shots in the head with a high powered sniper, 3 shots in the face as it charges with the elephant gun and a box of bullets from your buddies LMG and you MIGHT have finally put it down. This might be bug, not sure, but I like it. Makes you think twice about using them for bait meat and skins.The bad:It uses Ubisoft's Uplay (This list of reasons why this is terible is long. The only thing I actually like is that players get rewarded with content for playing the games. This is great, everything else.. bad... bad Uplay! Go to your room...)Still, it's better than Origin.Ubisofts match making is usually so bad that you can't play games with others unless the moon is in perfect alinement, some alien force is boosting reception and all planets in our galaxy have alined.  This time? Not that bad, however all the advertising about ""Play with up to 10 of your friends!!!!"" Is a bit missleading. You can play with 1.... not 10, 1 for co-op. If you want to play PVP then yes you can play with 10. Uplay doesn't have a ""Recently played with"" section to add friends, so if someone is a terrible troll you can't easily find and block them, and if someone is awesome, the same problem.The game has some glitches, some quite amuzing... But mostly annoying, and mostly in co-op. Single player has been mostly smooth.STEAM overlay doesn't work at 2160 res (4k) I love the overlay so this is a bummer.It's Dark at night.No kidding right? you know what, hold on.The ugly:^^There. It's DARK at night, and in any shadow in the game if you are using SLI. When I say dark, I mean black. No increase in brightness helps, that just changes the black to grey with no texture to see still.I wouldn't care if I could control equiping my flashlight, and if the AI was just as blind as I was (animals excluded of course, they should be able to see you still.) Saddly that's not the case, you don't get to see anything and they can see you still as if it was daylight out. This seems to be a issue only effecting SLI users and I'm looking forward to a fix. I'll update this once it get's one.In the end it's a fun game with a few bugs but nothing game breaking. It's not FarCry3. The story moves much slower than in that game, but the world seems larger as well. You get a little choice about what you do in the game so far as ""who to help"" and such. So far as story goes though FarCry3 imo had it much better. I had a reason to fight in that game, a reason to step up and risk my life... In this game, I'm here dropping off my moms ashes and figured, what the hell... Let's play with drug dealers, freedom fighters, and a tyrant.... Not nearly as good of a reason to get involved except ""I'm here so why not"" I also look like a D-bag from Jersey Shore and my partner in crime ""Turk"" used to star in East Bound and Down but hey... Turk in all fairness is awesome.Give it a play, and if you pick it up add me on uplay, same name."
76561198019796122,Recommended,298110,13031549,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Len,Glided around - Hit an eagle - Fell to death - Died laughing.
,Recommended,298110,25999164,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,SpaceCouncil,"Teal DeerDevelopers:Ubisoft Montreal, Red StormPublishers:UbisoftInitial release:Nov 2014Genre:FPS, Open-World, Action#Worth/NotWorth:#WorthBSERC:(Borderline Sardonic and Extremely Reductive Comparison) Every other Ubisoft game except Valiant Hearts: The Great WarExposition, Concurrence and SummationFar Cry 4is the best Far Cry.This is the one where they got all the pieces to fit together in a package that is both intriguing and engaging narratively the first time but also highly repeatable to become a decent “podcast” game.The very tired climb a thing to reveal map and remove miscreants from their outposts is what this game is; in fact it can get down right tedious especially if you play a lot of open wold games. However, this one feels really good. The shooting feels responsive and rewarding. Hunting animals to craft ammo belts or weapons holsters also makes hunting the animals actually worth while albeit from an animal activists perspective it probably seems a bit egregious if not superfluous. But you are just pushing buttons. Get over it.There are side missions everywhere. There are outposts everywhere -- Fortresses even; An increased difficulty version of the traditional outpost. There are random karma events that can lend to your reputation and make things cheaper in shops. Aside from karma there is an over laying morality system that certainly is not what I'd called specifically nuanced but it's there. It basically revolves around choosing between two methods of going about the main campaign missions. Listen to what Amita and Sabal have to say, make your choice. The ending is very unexpectedly satisfying and perhaps it feels a bit topical which makes it feel much more pertinent especially when I felt no real connection to any specific characters. I mean, other than recognizing them as the people that give me missions.Even on low settings the game is very pretty. Normally that kind of thing isn't really my jam; I care much more about performance. But there is something to be said about the world feeling a bit more real and not as cartoonish that grounds the narrative and tells a bit more cohesively just how – unreasonable  – Pagan Min can be.There is co-op available for the main campaign. I didn't try it. It's not my thing.THE GISTEasily the best Far Cry. Improves on 3 in every way most importantly the narrative and context of why any of this is even happening.Follow my curation for more"
76561198037155358,Recommended,298110,13047731,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,-STARLESS-,"games good , multiplayer needs more progression (level up system plsu a rebirth or prestige) to give it more replayablitity, The coop works but i would suggest getting the entire map unlocked before doing coop as doing all the things on the half of the map isnt as fun as the massive map provides. coop is fun but make sure you are on skype or something as the uplay calling beta isnt that great. Other than that ive played my fair share and enjoy it ... it isnt to simalir to far cry 3 but a few animations and weapons.  the game runs great on 1080p medium textures low everything else without AA and i get a solid 45 -60 Fps RARELY DROPS!PC specs:windows 7 pro 65 bit560ti 1gb6 gb ddr3 ramAMD FX 6100 @3.3 ghz"
,Recommended,298110,33877231,Posted: 29 July,all,NExus,"It's a great game with some minor flaws and, sadly, technical hiccups.The positives: Much of the mechanics from Far Cry 3 that returned(most of them) have been streamlined quite a bit. For example, the sliding crouch and ability to hide bodies are no longer skill points you have to waste, but are actual abilities you have from the start. The syringes have been improved upon as well, as green herbs will auto-craft health syringes as you collect and/or use them, plus the various other syringes have been combined to reduce the number of syringes you need to keep. Also, animal kills now show up on you minimap/radar as tiny Xs. It's small and simple things like this that really help.The new stuff added is also great. The elephants, for example, are just awesome and fun, even if a bit overpowered. You can use any of your weapons while riding them, smash and flip vehicles, grab nearby enemies and bash them into a bloody pulp, and even coax other elephants to follow you and fight along side you. Finally, the elephants can swim, and make it so you are not attacked by the damned devilfish that populate the rivers and lakes of Kyrat. Honestly, one of my favorite additions.Also, there are now flying vehicles called ""buzzers"". They're essentially one-man gyrocopters, and make travel much easier. Plus, it's quite fun to bombard enemies bellow with your grenade launcher.The negatives: The worst part of the game is the technical problems. For whatever reason, Ubisoft as of late has been very anti-PC gaming, and sadly it's showing. Constant framerate stuttering on a vast majority of rigs, buggy game save problems causing deleted files or ignoring player progress, and certain locations on the map not acknowledging player discovery are all the biggest culprits.A lot of people will complain about the story and characters, and honestly, I think they're quite silly to complain. People seem to think that stories have to have a protagonist that is the epitome of good, and that the evil antagonists have to be a certain way. I personally really like the horribly flawed characters that Ubisoft has created for their games(be it Aiden Pearce from Watch_Dogs, Jason Brody from Far Cry 3, or Ajay Ghale from Far Cry 4). It gives the games more pesonality.Lastly, the worst parts of the gameplay are actually the collectibles. Let me explain. You see, as you collect the lost letters, journals of Ajay's father, the evil masks, etc, you earn more experience points and other rewards for reaching certain progress milestones. The problem with this is that, by the time you're done with them, you will have been max level with all skills unlocked for ages, and there are only a couple weapons that you can unlock this way. So, by the time you're halfway through the game, you'll have probably unlocked all the really good rewards. I feel Ubisoft could have balanced this out better.Oh, and the predatory animals.....they're ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. They're far more aggressive than they were in Far Cry 3, and far more dangerous. The worst ones in the game are the eagles, and only because they come out of nowhere, swoop down and attack, and most of the time are completely unavoidable. The rest of the time it will be when you're scouting out an outpost, and just about to pull the trigger on your sniper rifle to take out the enemy scout, when all of a sudden you look down and see a tiger or leopard or honey badger eating your leg. 9 times out of 10, this will cause you to give away your position and totally screw you out of bonus xp for taking the outpost undetected. Luckily, the game now has bait that you can throw and hopefully draw the attention of the predators away from you(and have them attack the camp for you instead), or you can use the hunter syringe and cause animals to be a lot less interested in you.In the end, even with the aforementioned flaws, the game is fantastic. I haven't had a chance to play co-op, so I can't comment on that, but the multiplayer is a lot of fun once you figure it out. Oh, and before I forget, there are a LOT more random events and encounters throughout Kyrat, so you rarely will go more than a couple minutes without wandering into random firefights between allies and enemies, or hostage situations.All in all, I highly recommend this game to anyone that enjoyed the other Far Cry games, or enjoys FPS in general, or are simply sandbox game enthusiasts."
76561197970550271,Not Recommended,298110,13008946,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,darthclem,"If you have an AMD card -- READ THISI have a fairly respectable PC: i5-3570 w/16GB RAM and two Radeon 8750s hooked up with Crossfire.  I've never had an issue running a game smoothly until Far Cry 4.  Even at 1280x720, I suffer through frequent framerate stutters and screen tearing.  It is beyond just a visual annoyance -- it is detrimental to game play.  I guarantee you, if you are using an AMD card, you WILL die in this game due to framerate hiccups.Until Ubisoft and/or AMD releases a patch to correct these issues, I consider this game unplayable (unless you have an nVidia card).  If I could get my money back, I would."
76561198028108548,Not Recommended,298110,13080371,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Aahem,"I'm keeping this short. I knew what I was buying; it's Far Cry 3, extended edition. I actually bought the game for the heavily advertised co-op, and I have to say, I'm seriously disappointed. No campaign? Why not, huh? And only two players - why not three or four? Not being able to play through the campaign with a friend, and ONLY being able to explore the open world with a friend is not particularly fun. I don't know if this is laziness or just stupidity on the developers' part, but it sucks."
,Recommended,298110,13181898,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Wyatt,"If you liked  Far Cry 3 then you'll probably like FC4 too ....The only problem I have with the game is the amount of bugs and problems for it on pc.Most of that can be fixed with XML. file edits and graphics setting tweaks though...Not very well optimized though considering i'm running two way gtx 970 sli and I  barely even get 60fps not entirely maxed out yet I can run 4k resolution on Far Cry 3 and run that at nearly the same frame rate as FC4 at 1080p -_- Thanks Ubisoft for the ""GREAT PORT AGAIN""..Gameplay wise it is pretty much Far Cry 3 in a nutshell just with slightly better graphics and an different overall design.I would not buy the game in its current state if I could go back in time and stop myself from doing so I would :/ .It needs to be refined a little more at the moment with all the stuttering problems and graphical issues...Since the last patch the game won't even launch for me now without freezing and black screening.Hopefully this will be fixed in an upcoming patch.Enjoyable game but with the current problems it isn't worth buying until those issues have been fixed (in my opinion)."
,Recommended,298110,23723912,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Aboar,So you like far cry 3 right?well this is better in almost every way.and it is good value if on sale
76561198043223982,Recommended,298110,33152459,Posted: 2 July,all,mark ofthebeast143,For the sale price its a AAA game worthy of the experience over the cost. Definitely a must get for open world exporation and crafting. The story line compared to Far Cry 4 in my opinion is above par. The hunt was really fun and got my money's worth plus more.
,Recommended,298110,29336095,Posted: 18 January,all,N-Nani?!,Finished the main campaign over dinner. 10/10
,Not Recommended,298110,13240843,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,freerun4cover,It is currently unlaunchable by most people. Do not get this until it is patched to work on all systems.
,Recommended,298110,13433465,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,ColdNeutron,It's Far Cry 3.... with elephants.
76561198018513562,Not Recommended,298110,13247079,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,TheHopeless,optimization is utter crap. runs like garbage both in surround and not. the option to turn off mouse acceleration doesnt effect it being there or not. super annoying when trying ot make qucik movments and change targets. doesnt even look that good to warrant such pitiful framrates no better than FC3 which my pc ran in surround flawlessly.
,Not Recommended,298110,13079573,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,echodrone,"This game is so broken that I have lost all faith in Ubisoft. It's a real shame, because it is actually a fun game. But there are so many things wrong with the release that I can't even play it. Unloadable on launch day, graphical issues, saves not working, sound disappearing. From a major company I would expect far better. I can't even fathom how they actually managed to create a game with so much incompetence. I will not be buying from Ubisoft again until they get tehir act together."
76561197970412044,Not Recommended,298110,14085102,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Judderman,"By far the worst Far Cry game to date. Takes what made 3 so good and opts to ruin it by just being irritating and ridiculous. Animal attacks are so common you will spend half your ammo defending yourself every 100m. Enjoy the pleasures of getting stun locked by a yak, or instakilled by a stealth rhino. Far Cry 3s intresting drug sequences become Yogi's ridiculous idiocy. Storyline that is just bad, and leaves you wondering why you are fighting at all. Ridiculously obvious backstabbing that you are powerless to stop over and over again."
,Recommended,298110,33720368,Posted: 22 July,all,Can Sir,"+Pros:-Beautiful locations-map size is above average-tons of weapons-driving is really cool-badass takedown animations-story is ok+Cons:-some tini tiny bugs-side missions feel quite repetitive8/10This game is a good game for all open world,first person shooter fans out there,i think you should give it a try"
76561197964890961,Not Recommended,298110,19715601,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Raahnar,"I liked Far Cry 3, but I didn't love Far Cry 3. And the latter seems a prerequisite if you want to play this one. It's the exact same game, with a borderline insignificant change of location. Now you're in some eastern mountain area instead of on a few islands. And that's virtually the only difference. While this game is large and offers a lot of activies and things to do, it doesn't feel like it deserves to be a whole new game. It feels more like it should've been an expansion. Couple that with how terribly it runs, even on my new fairly high end computer, and it's hard to recommend it."
,Recommended,298110,13622243,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Desert_Fox,"It's dissapointing to see how many people seem to have written off Far Cry 4 as a copy and paste of the previous game with no groundbreaking evolution at all. Although you would be right to say that the general gameplay of the Far Cry series hasn't changed much from Far Cry 3 (Which, as a fan of 3, was exactly what I wanted), but you would be completely wrong to say that Far Cry 4 is lazy and just more of the same.If there's anything that I want to praise here, it's the overall feel of the environment. Rook Island was a fantastic location, don't get me wrong, but I believe that Kyrat is a solid step forward. The architecture and the wilderness that surrounds it have a very distinct charm, one that I have a particular liking to. As opposed to rickety and rusty metal shacks, the flagstone composition of Kyrati villages (As well larger settlements) gives a much bigger impression that the world of Far Cry 4 is a place where people actuallyliveas opposed to a giant battlefield littered with decay. The wildlife is fantastic, with great variety from location to location and one species in particular (The elephants) practically deserving a category of its own.But it's more than pretty mountains and prayer flags that makes Kyrat feel great- sidequests and random encounters have both made improvements. As opposed to random fights occuring when cars smash together on the road, skirmishes happen almost everywhere and even escalate into full on battles with organized invasions of previously liberated outposts (But, for better or for worse, outposts can't actually be taken back). I won't waste time listing all of the different kinds of side missions because of their sheer abudance, but I will assure you that there are plenty of quests to be done with enough variety so as to leave any impression of a grind in the dust.There are other things that I would like to add onto the pile of praise but honestly they won't change your purchasing decision. If you liked the gunplay of Far Cry 3, you'll find loads of fun to be had here. If you found that you didn't like Far Cry 3 much or that it didn't run well on your PC, I doubt that enough has changed within the series to alter your viewpoint. At the end of the day, fans of the series will have a great time in a solid sequel to Far Cry 3."
,Recommended,298110,14499650,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,⭐MY.HEART⭐[TH],"I really like this game. The game play is fluid, the story is interesting and Kyrat is a really beautiful place.If you liked Far Cry 3, you will certainly like this one. Finally, Pegan Min and the COOP is AWESOME"
,Recommended,298110,13035090,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Mentalmemo,Game is rich in culture and Eagle attacks. 10/10
76561197979723234,Not Recommended,298110,13240214,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,panky.pankmiser,"12/5/2014 - This game crashes more than once an hour on average. I have a somewhat older system but it shouldn't be taxed by this, seems to be buggy rather than hardware issues.1/29/2015 - The earlier 1.5 patch seems to have help addressed issues. I still see crashes but they are happening more rarely (say, 75% fixed)."
,Recommended,298110,23424994,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,EpicKingdom_,"This game was a lot of fun. If you've played Farcry 3 before than it's basically the same game except with a different setting and characters of course.StoryThe overall plot is exactly what you would expect from a Farcry game. In other words, you're a tourist trapped in a region of war. As the tourist, you have choices to make as you help the rebellion take down the mighty king (antagonist). Overall, same old same old plot. I completed the story after about 20 hours (according to Steam).GameplayAlong the way, there's plenty of side stuff for you to do such as take down enemy outposts (you can go guns blazing or try to be stealth about it), do other takedown side missions, use your wingsuit, go hunting, customize your weapons, enjoy the scenery etc.SoundOverall, amazing music and sound effects. All the guns sound great.GraphicsThe game looks amazing, see the screenshot below for example.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=698419863PerformanceI have a 3570k @ 4.1Ghz, GTX 780 SC, 16 GB of RAM, @ 1440p and perfomance was better than I expected on Ultra. I was around 50fps average with average minimum being around 40fps."
,Recommended,298110,15748329,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Cronus,you should make a dlc where you work for the Royal Army instead of the Golden Path.
,Recommended,298110,32902807,Posted: 27 June,all,MRD_R,"Never played any other Far Cry games so far this one is 50/50 looks great, story could use some work. Overall I would wait until its $5 USD or cheaper to buy it"
,Recommended,298110,13016079,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Nasty D,"When you play bad strike global autisum for about a year, any game is better than that. including this one."
76561198016558258,Not Recommended,298110,13064209,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Mac G,"I was very dissapointed to find that the 4-player co-op has been reduced to 2-player. My friends and I really enjoyed FarCry 3 with the 4-player co-op and wer hopeful that they would increase this to 5 or even 6 player co-op so even more of our group could join in on the action we were enjoying.Also I'm very annoyed with the movie cut-scenes that one must endure through various parts of the game, I didn't play a game to watch a movie, and it would be really helpful if I could double tap my space bar to skip these parts if I choose not to watch them.In my opinion this game is great if you want to play alone or only have a single friend to run around with, or if you're into PVP, which I am not. (tired of hackers and cheats)"
,Recommended,298110,13050415,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,kelsey,"So Far Cry 4... My short answer is sure its worth the money (for me) but is it worth it for you?Storyline: So obviously the storyline is no where as good as Far Cry 3s, but that does not mean its bad. Throughtout the story your fighting with the Golden Path with the two real annoying leaders who never can agree on♥♥♥♥♥♥ I wish the story had a little more meaning to fight for rather then, I need to kill all these people so I can spread my Mother's ashes. I find myself enjoying myself more when I am just exploring then actually doing the Main Quest. Also to note there is some copy and paste missions from far cry 3. However still a pretty good Story, not Far Cry 3 status but still better then any Call of Duty. I do wish that you heard more from the main antagonist Pagan more often as he just disappears intill almost the end of the story.Side Missions: In Far Cry 4 there is a ton of side missions to do, lighting your map up. Some of the side missions get real tedious after a while, but they give good money and karma so its worth it. With all these missions you will be busy for hours after you complete the main quest.Graphics: The graphics in the game are real amazing... Well when your standing still atleast. When just walking arounrd the graphic look stunning with himalayas in the background. The second you get yourself into a car or start wingsuiting the graphics become a blur and you begin to see the real flaws with in the graphics. That is still an issue in Far Cry 3, but thinking out of a Far Cry setting it seems a bit annoying. Most (almost all) textures in the game are amazing looking for being an open world. However there are some ugly looking textures when it comes to the rocks and the water. But in all still a jaw dropping experience.Audio: The audio in the game is by far the best I have heard in any game. When running through the forests of Kyrat I feel like I am in the world, hearing all the sounds of nature ( deers, monkeys, elephants, etc). The sound track is done so nice, with all the ambient sounds and entertaining mixes to listen to. Speaking of mixes however I did found the Radio station a bit annoying at times. When you constantly hear the radio talk host Rabi Ray Rana repeat the same damn things over and over again. Which I know it would take forever to make enough dialogues to not hear repeats but when Playing GTA V I dont hear them repeat as often. My last and only gripe with the Audio is that you never get to really hear the protagonist Ajay Ghale. As he only speaks a couple of words at a time.New Features: The game has done a real good job at making it feel fresh without making the game loose its purpose. The saying, ""Don't fix something that's not broken"" is present in Far Cry 4, at the base, but they have added some many new things to the Far Cry series that its amazing. Some features that they have added that are worth noting are; being able to throw meats to get animals attention, the ability to throw knifes, being able to purchase the wingsuit instead of waitin half way through the game to obtain, gyrocopters, hovercrafts, being able to call in backup, a refined map editor, actual good co op, and a pleather of new vechicles to choose from along with some old favorites from Far Cry 3. There is of course a lot of other features but those are just the ones worth mentioning.A.I.: I feel they did a good job at A.I this time around, the bots are noticably harder and smarter compared to Far Cry 3, but it makes it more enjoyable and satisfying when you get a kill. The animals on the other hand is kind of a mixed bag. They do do a good job at being animals I guess, but they always seem to come and attack at the worst times, like that its in the code for them to just ♥♥♥♥ you other when you're already in♥♥♥♥♥♥ Overall A.I. is pretty good.Problems worth to Note: There are some issues in the game that I will note now; bad optimization (I feel it is no where as good as far cry 3s optimization), steam overlay does not want to work (for me atleast), cutscenes are unskipable, you have to wait through a long boring slide of things when you launch the game up everytime. Money in the game is way to easy to obtain and that I see myself always waisting money on things so my wallet isn't full. And lastly that it uses uPlay.Conclusion: In conclusion it diffently has its spot in your library if your new to the Far Cry series or if your a veteran. At this very time I give the game a 7.5/10. If ubisoft come through and change most of the problems (being) textures, cut scenes. and optimization then heck I would change my rating to 9/10. However at the end of the day it is your choice to make the decession to buy not me. Happy Gaming. IGN 9/10- Went into a heavy guarded fortress and murded everyone with myself and my elephant."
,Recommended,298110,13384391,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,NotAbeVigoda,7/10 needs more elephants
,Recommended,298110,29534008,Posted: 27 January,all,abunchadishes,"All around an improvement over Far Cry 3 , but like with that game, replay value is diminished when you don't have a 'skip cutscene' button. Great for 1 playthrough maybe."
,Recommended,298110,30066281,Posted: 20 February,all,MOIST_SPERM,"fc3 is better, but fc4 is defenitly better than fc primal. so it wont hurt to pick this up."
76561198109858979,Recommended,298110,26173832,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Kalimonde,"More of the same sometimes can be great. 8.0/10Pros:- The scenography is slightly better than FC3 (more variety of environments)- Side quests are way more diverse and fun- It offer political dilemmas and crudityCons:- Multiple endings, yet none satisfying enough (imo)- I miss boss fights"
76561198045348853,Recommended,298110,26211136,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,chito.san,"I played Far Cry since the First, but let me say several things about the Fourth:	Kill a Komodo Dragon by an arrow	Shoot a Rhino and get trampled	Get high into some spirit world with a tiger	Holding a RPG in bushes unnoticed	Finish the game just by 15 minutes of waiting"
,Recommended,298110,33141489,Posted: 2 July,all,Frezzan®🏆,amazing game!campaign: 8/10graphics:  10/10opportunities: 9/10
76561198056486097,Not Recommended,298110,15054802,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Csirkefarhát,"It's more like Far Cry 3,5Not a new game, just some new quest for the old one.Still not bad, just feck ubisoft really."
76561198043893999,Not Recommended,298110,14000976,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,DALEK! DALEK!,I bought the Gold Edtion with the season pass right after the game was released on steam BUT I cannot play either the Syringe DLC or the new Escape DLC! This is nonsense. Why should I not be able to access what I've already paid for?
,Not Recommended,298110,14852931,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,GusDeCooL,"Just finished this game.To be honest, compared with FC3, i'm not impressed.It's just the same with upgraded graphic.Story is linear, if you looking for game with story.Recommended yes if in discount, rather than that. Nope."
,Recommended,298110,34228368,Posted: 13 August,all,to3y,"My entry point to the franchise liked Farcry Primal. It took me playing a while, but when I got into it...  I became totally immersed. I expected Farcry 4 to me a little different... guns not spears. I didnt expect the story, characters and world building to be as good as it was. One of my favorite game experiences. Eager waiting for Farcry 5."
,Recommended,298110,22827183,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Ne0_Kn1ghT -NF-,This is an Amazing Game and i spent 50hours playing this on PS3 and completed the game and now i've played 44 hours on steam this a game you can spend alot of time playing and not get sick of.Way better than Far Cry Primal too (Yes i have played it) If your thinking of buying a far cry game buy this one!Graphics- BeautifulStory- Awesome and GrippingCharacters- horrible people which makes this fun.9.8/10.1P.S Sabal and Amita are just simply horrible people i swear......P.P.S Pagan Min for President 2016!
76561198045446473,Not Recommended,298110,20866470,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Mattatatta,"After getting a computer upgrade and finally being able to play this game, I am incredibly disappointed in what I've experienced.First of all is the story and writing. Well aside from the very intriguing intro movie that sets up the Big Bad, Pagan Min, and one of his three main cronies, the game very quickly goes south in story telling. Your protagonist is supposedly a descendent of Kyrat natives, but was raised in the United States living some life that the game never really takes the time to mention. For all intents and purposes, Ajay has no backstory beyond 'lives on America' and 'mother died and wanted ashes spread on some hill in Kyrat'.Apparently living in America automatically makes people like Ajay into instant super warriors and killing machines with no training. The 'good' guys 'rescue' Ajay and almost immediately drop him into a desperate escape from about two dozen guys - all on his own - armed with just a huge knife. Nothing comes out of Ajay's mouth to remark on his situation, leaving me wondering if I'm really just controlling a seasoned serial killer that some American cop is losing sleep over stateside.You're probably thinking: are all FPS protagonists basically that, though? Well they more or less wind up that way, but given that Far Cry 3 showed Jason going from spoilt rich kid scared of pirates to full-blown psychotic murderer, I was expecting something in the spirit of that kind of characterisation in Far Cry 4. Instead we got a protagonist with basically no character beyond the player's whims, which just feels lazy.On the topic of lazy, we reach the gameplay. It's basically the same as Far Cry 3. Same skills, Same guns (more or less). Same kinds of vehicles (the pilotable helictoper is a waste of time). The only thing different is the difficulty. Overall the game is stupidly easy, with powerful weapons and items that would take a while to get in Far Cry 3 being acquireable in the first few hours of Far Cry 4. I had the wingsuit in less than five hours. I had taken two out of the four fortresses in seven hours. The rest of the time I wasted trying to get to the third fortress - only to find that the game will instakill/relocate you to keep you out of the Northern section of the mission. I did do some story missions, but I just don't feel invested in the plight of the other characters. They're all caught up in some civil war and are going on about low morale and how Pagan Min's army is tough - completely ignoring the fact that I've been curbstomping them and liberating outposts and radiotowers and two fortresses since I got here.There's not really anything in FC4 that FC3 doesn't do much better. You're better off playing FC3 instead, and then playing Blood Dragon if you want something different - because you're not going to find anything interesting in FC4. Do stupid minigames? Collect pointless junk? Try to force yourself to appreciate the most boring storyline in the series? No thanks. I'll stick with Far Cry 2, or Far Cry 3 + Blood Dragon. Hell, Far Cry 3's co-op mode is pretty kickass. You'll have more fun that way."
76561197973688032,Not Recommended,298110,13084974,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Smithereen,"I bought this game through steam prerelease.  It crashes on startup every time.  since it has never worked, even after patches,  I would like my money back. Neither ubisoft nor steam will do that so I am stuck with a broken product.  If I took 60 bucks from you, you would call it a crime. What is it called when you do it to me, and countless others?  I ask again can I have a refund for a faulty product? Are you guys that greedy? You know the problems with the game.  steam should be embarassed for advertising such a bad game launch.  If this can not be remedied then you will lose a long time faithful customer.  Maybe you do not care, after all I am just a tiny fraction of your profit margin.  Know this however, as things like this are glossed over more and more at your company, it becomes the norm.  Eventually you will find yourself surpassed by other platforms that actually care for thier customers. Thats when my tiny fraction, and others, will be going to them and your management will soon be asking what happened?  why are we going bankrupt?"
76561197969248931,Recommended,298110,23060026,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Breakr,"If you've played Far Cry 3, you know what you are getting in Far Cry 4.  Take all of the same mechanics, the stealth gameplay, the animal hunting the item crafting, add a few extra mission types, vehicles and gimmicks and you basically have this game.  There has been some polishing done.  It fully supports co-op play and includes the ability to summon AI companions if you don't have a friend handy to play with but still want an extra gun.  Still, Far Cry 4 feels oddly hollow to me.  Though the plot of Far Cry 3 wasn't entirely believable, it nonetheless had a compelling theme.  The game was centered around your main character's descent into barbarism.  Thus, each perk that made him better at combat or strengthened his inventory was tied to him losing a piece of his former self, becomming that much more infected with the savage morality of the island he was on.  Far Cry 4 doesn't have the same plot development, and while the main villain is amusing, he doesn't have the same kind of power and presence that Vaas did.  Far Cry 4 simply jumps into the action with you apparently already comfortable with the terrible things you have to do.  While your protagonist does grunt in disgust at the task of skinning and butchering animals, he kills people with an absolute gusto.  Far Cry 4 does try to play around with moral ambiguity in that you have to choose between two conflicting leaders in your mission selection, one appearing to be a moral idealist and the other a pragmatist, but that doesn't really match the depth of the previous game, even as those characters develop.  Nonetheless if you really enjoy chaining knife kills, doing ridiculous trick shots from the back of an elephant and sandbox gameplay, then this is definitely the game for you."
76561198153781995,Not Recommended,298110,13071540,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,sahand.bigloo,absolutely horse♥♥♥♥♥♥ the game looks good but there is one problem. IT DOESN'T RUN. while playing the game you get tremendos amount of bugs and lags and the objective doesn't apear. i know everyone enjoyed far cry 3 and are lookiong forwrad to play a sequel but this is not the time. wait a couple of months if you want to enjoy the game. because right now perchusing the game is equal to throwing 70 dollars in agarbage bag except that doesn't give you this much headache!
76561198208844233,Recommended,298110,32913711,Posted: 27 June,all,hukka,"this is a very good game.fan coop with friend and camp capturing is also very good.storyline is great,i loved every bit of the game"
76561198079545168,Not Recommended,298110,13065803,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,meadman( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)乇乂,"a $60 expansion pack for farcry 3, plus the horrible PC performance. I can max out just about anything graphics wise at 60fps (Star Citizen as an example) but this game on medium settings goes ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ with stuttering and fps drop. The story seems weak and the main character doesn't really seem worthy of the type of game. In Farcry 3 Jason started off as a skiny white boy who isn't taken seriously. By the end of the game he has badass tats and a♥♥♥♥♥♥load of jungle murdering skills. The main character of Farcry 4 (Can't remember his name) Starts running around collecting pelts and cutting plants for no reason, and decides to fight in a civil war because why the hell not. Tack on all of the mandatory U Play ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and the ads for a season pass that they shove up your♥♥♥♥♥every moment of play and you get yourself a game that isn't worth looking at until it's at a much lower price. Kyrat can wait."
,Recommended,298110,13055064,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Youknowme,"The game so far was great, Uplay on the other hand sucks completely.. There is no way to recover your email via your username without contacting their support which is not 24/7 might I add.. So gg Uplay gg.."
,Not Recommended,298110,27773344,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Rahuruk,♥♥♥♥ uplay
76561198070749235,Recommended,298110,13004242,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Boggy,"It is a very cool game,with an colorful atmosphere,very good optimezed in my opinion,if you want to relax and do awesome things based on an interesting and captivating storyline,this is the right game,It is better than Far Cry 3,with new vehicles,weapons and beautuful fairytale landscapes.I recomand this game,for those who love to drive trough a varied world with a lot of difrent things to do,all you have to do is to buy it:) Graphics are very detailed,it is all you need:).To make an idea,on a i5,8gb ram,270x is working smooth,perfect on ultra with a 1080p resolution,and with an quad core,4gb ram,an 7770 is working on ultra with a 1366x768 resolution.I hope i helped some people saying my opinion!Thank`s for reading :DEnjoy the game!"
,Recommended,298110,24086989,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,SkrapiKoko,"Great game, too bad its Ubisoft.. Playing coop with friends is headache to connect! Would never buy Ubisoft again, becouse of that s***ty Uplay."
76561198004536710,Recommended,298110,33712912,Posted: 21 July,all,Bacon,"Before I get all into writing a TL;DR review, let me first just say that Far Cry 4 is an awesome game.  It has it's highs and lows but on a scale of 1 to 10, I'd give it an 8.  I struggled with that at first, because there are some things that at first thought might cause me to rate it lower, but ultimately, I think an 8/10 is fair, and I highly recommend it.For starters, the setting is pretty unique.  This is something I think the Far Cry series does very well.  I never played the original, and it was not until recently that I played Far Cry 2.  I actually played 3 before any of them.  I guess you could argue that the tropical island settings of 1 and 3 are not that unique, but 2 is a pretty unique setting (and arguably before it's time as a game in general), and 4 is most definitely a unique setting.  The landscape is beautifully rendered and ran solidly and smoothly for me, maxed out with no issues, even in the most intense fire fights.Another thing the Far Cry series does exceptionally well is the feeling of immersion.  For an FPS title, I imagine this must be somewhat difficult to deliver.  Most people play FPS titles for the feeling of action and engagement.  Far Cry 4 manages to capture those feelings, even better than it's predecessors in many regards, but still delivers a raw and action packed approach.The gameplay is pretty good.  I start at least most shooter games that I own on the hardest possible difficulty, simply because the AI is usually just a cakewalk during campaigns.  Far Cry 4 is no exception to this, though I will say that from my experience so far, the AI in Far Cry 4 is a cut above the rest in the series, ""most"" of the time.  With that being said, playing on Hard difficulty in this game inevitably means that for some of the already more difficult missions, you will die repeatedly before completing them, which of course bears it's own frustration.  However I find the end result to be more rewarding when the task to accomplish is harder.  Difficulty aside, the game has the usual tropes of the Far Cry series -- an insane number of collectibles, outposts to conquer, towers to liberate, etc.  Some may describe these as less interesting now that it's been done a few times, but honestly...there's just something really fun about going all Rambo against an entire outpost and taking everyone down, whether your approach is all guns blazing, or stealth mode exclusively.  Eventually though, like with the other titles, I lost my desire to continue picking up so many (SO many) collectibles, especially after finding enough to get the unlocks I really wanted.  That's saying something since I usually can't resist badges, achievements, and collectibles.  But I think even the most OCD of collectors will find it exhausting to grab everything in any of the Far Cry titles.A very notable mention too is the animal life -- yet another one of the things the series is well known for.  Having your vehicle tossed about (with you still in it!) by an irritated rhino was pretty unnerving to say the least.  Nevermind being stalked by tigers and other large cats, or even the vicious (and hilariously animated) honey badger, to name a few.The weapon unlocks are cool too, but some are a little grindy to achieve and still others (signature weapons, specifically) will, at times, make the game incredibly easy.  I won't name them, since if you're still reading this, you owe it to yourself to try whatever weapons you find to be most interesting and fun to play with.  I will at least say that one of the most entertaining things, on plenty of occasions, was blowing things up with the grenade launcher and seeing the bodies fly.  Give that a shot and you won't regret it.Also, the characters are really good.  Some a little less so, some more.  Amita and Sabal are more or less what you'd expect and somewhat predictable.  The other characters are at least as interesting, though in most cases, more so.  And the Far Cry series does an exceptional job of linking characters throughout the series in a bit of an obscure fashion.  You certainly would not pay special notice to these characters if you hadn't played previous titles, but that would not stop you from enjoying them.  If you have played previous titles, then you still might piece together who they are or where they're from if you're not really paying close attention to the dialogue.  Again, I won't name them; you should really discover them on your own.Lastly, the villain of Far Cry 4, Pagan Min, is awesome.  I still can't quite decide if I like him more or a little less than the villain in Far Cry 3.  He, like most others characters, is well voiced and portrayed, and is a believable character.  Especially if you take the time to dig up all journals of the protaganist's father.  Anyone can enjoy the story, but without spoiling anything, I will say that uncovering the finer details behind the plot is definitely worth doing.In closing, Far Cry 4 is fun, engaging, challenging, and immersive.  There's no reason not to get it other than price, so waiting for a sale is not a bad option, but I will say that -- having sunk the number of hours into it that I did, it's worth getting even at it's current price.  I definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,298110,33156888,Posted: 2 July,all,DosEquisTank,always enjoy the story for the farcry games but i do have to hate ubsoft lol
76561198076798903,Recommended,298110,29565063,Posted: 29 January,all,Rosstigane,"Far Cry 3 with more guns, new animals, better graphics, an awesome villian and a♥♥♥♥♥♥load of stuff to do! Story isnt as good as Far Cry 3 and it is quite similar but its a fantastic game, it will keep you playing long after you finish it. Lets be honest, what game allows you to ride elephants whilst shooting an MG42 and throwing explosives while crashing into a fortress? 'nuff said (Btw get Uplay for this so you can get the AJM-9, its a fantastic gun early on and makes you feel like Robocop)"
,Not Recommended,298110,13010730,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,ajlunce,"well at the moment no, i would not recomend this game because it wont start. It seems like an awesome sandbox of fun however it wont. ♥♥♥♥ing. start. up. ♥♥♥♥ you ubi, I bought this AND ACU and now you have screwed me out of 120 bucks, hope you are happy"
76561198064185998,Not Recommended,298110,22170051,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Viper83093,"""Far Cry 4 allows for a second player to drop in and drop out at any point, re-imagining the cooperative experience in the true spirit of Far Cry for the next generation.""This statement is blatantly not true.You can't play co-op with another player in the story missions or in the arena. And even when you can play together, only the hosting player gets the progress on the map and mission completion credit. It's a fine game to play solo but the co-op is not as promised."
,Recommended,298110,14499286,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,CLass84,-Get a Rocketlauncher-Get into da Chopper-Destroy whole Villages-Visit some nice Mountains10/10
76561198026913459,Not Recommended,298110,12995525,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,troublmaker,"Runs at 60 frames per second.  One minor problem involves some blips that make it almost unplayable with my AMD based graphics card.  Multiplayer doesn't work that well, and honestly if you try to do co-op main game you're in big trouble.  For some people it will be a really smooth and great experience, for others it will be a slog fest."
,Recommended,298110,13022179,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Lucasif The Odd,Like Skyrim with guns. Like Far Cry with guns. Like Far Cry with elephants? Like Far Cry 3 with exotic boobs outside of cutscenes.
,Recommended,298110,13276224,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Zerixar,"Took me years to finally reinstall and play this.   (launch was plauged by bugs like irreversable mouse acceleration, and lack of content/features).   not a bad game, but feels like farcry 3.5.   Farcry 3 is the better game in every way.  this feels like it takes the same engine and gives you the B plot.if you haven't played FC3..... get that.  if you finished FC3 and are jonesing for more FC...........get FC2.  if you've already played that, this is ok i guess.  it's not bad.  it's not good.  it's just meh.i guess i'll give it a recommendation since it's fine, there're just better games in the series."
,Recommended,298110,33656325,Posted: 19 July,all,NUMBER 9,Buy it and thank me later.
,Not Recommended,298110,21936821,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,418,"You know, I was having fun.But the game kept crashing and crashing.  I'd google things and the most I found was that other people had the same problem, tried a bunch of different things, but Ubisoft apparently has never fixed the core of the problem.  And it's weird, because I literally just bought a new gaming PC for next-gen games like this, so it can't be that I don't have a good enough PC.  I tried moving my settings down to the bare minimum, and it wouldn't work.Even when things weren't crashing, to be honest I was actually getting bored of the game.  The Shangri La mission♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off, then the game crashed & I had to do it again.  Then I was doing some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ stealth mission and the game crashed again.  That's enough.I wouldn't enjoyed conquering the later fortresses & outposts, dealing with harder enemies, maybe even getting see the end of hte game's story.  But I'm not going to put up with a problem that I can't fix.♥♥♥♥ you Ubisoft."
76561198068167058,Recommended,298110,35133393,Posted: 22 September,all,Rogue,"Everybody talking about Pagan Min and how they love him, but i'm talking about elephants - i can ride them! That's enough for me :D 10 elephants outta 10 <3"
,Recommended,298110,13153540,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,InfernoKun,"Rammed my elephant into a cargo truck, he fell over and died. RIP10/10 Nice game"
76561198018907903,Recommended,298110,14722176,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Punisher,"Bad optimization to run full ultra settings in sli mode with 2 gtx 770 6gb ddr5 i get 40 fps with txaa 2 and all nvidia settings on in ultra.Good experience but the formula is allways the same from previous far cry games,it gets boring quickly.The campaign is fun to do once tho...they need new formulas of gameplay because its overplayed.Allways the same process to uncover map craft items unblock guns and progress in the campaign.Considering this the graphics are amazing and the game is recommended for a single player experience"
,Recommended,298110,32005051,Posted: 27 May,all,DefinedMav,"Hello! So I played this game within a week about 1 year ago today. It is by far one of the best games ive ever played (I have over 170+ games) The story is really gripping and the graphics are stunning for a 2014 game! I bought the gold version which is 60$ and it was worth every penny. The characters are awesome and the antagonist is my favorite out of any game (even the cod series) SPOILERS FROM NOW ON!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!------- Of course at the end of the game I spared Pagan Min because i felt bad for the guy lol.2. I bought this game for 2 of my friends and they both loved it a hella lot. The story is very gripping the whole time and the game is really free world. I choose to slay Amita cuz she was annoying as hell, also she was just being stupid. BUT THIS GAME MAN it made me cry twice for some ♥♥♥♥ing reason lol. Anyways I HIGHLY suggest this game to ANYONE who loved free world and FPS games. This game has everything and I ♥♥♥♥in love it to pieces <33333333333333333"
76561198002353750,Recommended,298110,13043103,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Griz,"Excellent game! i like it even more than far cry 3!Don't know why there are so many negative reviews.i love how the wildlife is more of a threat in 4.rhino killed me with two hits! awesome!not to mention the graphics are top notch.10/10update.....after 10 hours of playing far cry,all i can say is WOW! it is a very in depth game.it runs extremely smooth for me.where else can you ride an elephant and ram rhinos to their death?!! riding elephants is a lot more fun than it sounds! lol. also, make sure your comp can handle the game"
,Recommended,298110,23854771,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,ProTo,"It's been 12 hours into the game yet and it's so impressive so far. Basically anything you learnt in Far Cry 3 will be useful in here too, with a lot of additions. Considering the game is a lot cheaper on uPlay, it's still worth buying on Steam, especially for game collectors."
76561198274709440,Recommended,298110,25400147,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Ult!Mate Dance,Great game with a pack of FPS ADVENTURE STELTH AND HUNTING..GREAT WORK UBISOFT
76561198023259383,Not Recommended,298110,13076533,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,sasinka_SVK,"Well, I was really unsure first, cause a lot of bad reviews (mouse acceleration, grey shadows ..)I bought the game for 59.99 EUR and couldn't even experience problems people mentioned, because the game cant load. After 8 days from release date, there are still no working patch for everyone.And I browsed forums and sh*t, kinda no support available (they ar still working, wait for patch)...I am so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off, like if someone wants to release broken product (which is not finished) u have Steam GreenlightDon't buy this piece of crap, u can get for that money lot of booze or smtg..."
,Not Recommended,298110,21654824,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Lion_IX,UPlay is awful. The game is loaded with an old version of the Uplay laucher which you manually have to install from the website. The game is alright but basically the same as any other Far Cry.
76561198125611424,Not Recommended,298110,22178301,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Hans,"The game (when I can get it to start) is pretty good. But I have nothing but problems with the UPlay client. Uplay support was less than helpful and blames my PC. I can play the 2016 Tomb raider at 3440x1440 on High - no issues. FarCry 4 plays fine at high settings if I let it sit for 8 minutes after clicking the icon (ignoring all of the frozen pointers and black screens) I can actually play the game. But UPlay causes my mouse to freeze for 30-60 seconds, makes even non UPlay games take 10x longer to load. Once I right-click, close UPlay, everything is fine again (except for the fact that I can't play FarCry4 without it). I will NEVER buy another game that requires UPlay."
,Not Recommended,298110,12998724,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Hipp-E,doesn't work with g13 plugged inshame.Ubisoft Ukraine failure of the year.DirectX libraries used for controls are as old as mammoth's sh*tThey couldn't even port the engine. Wanna look to the honest eyes of beta-testers.
76561197982025140,Not Recommended,298110,20133087,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,q.S Sachiel,"Wouldn't Recommend.It's basically FarCry 3 with less story, weaker characters and story, and more bugs than you can stuff in a vindaloo.The gunplay is OK, and there is ample quests/objective points to be discovered and looted.  If you're a completionist, can look past the glaring graphical bugs that have not been fixed since day 1, and want a casual shooter with a story that takes its self too seriously, then buy this.IF you're a discerning gamer then stay well clear and go play FarCry3 or STALKER."
76561198163768450,Not Recommended,298110,12994229,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,aivar_xid,Bought game and cant play it cuz Ubisoft/Steam didnt give me the key ...Dont buy air guys.
76561198072711049,Recommended,298110,15699681,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,♋ßLUE۫۰۪♋,is it worth it?                     - YESis it better than COD?       - DAMN YEScan you go stealth?          - HELL YEAHcan i ride a vehicle?         - YES!!!should i w8 for the sale?  - DEPENDSis the story good?             - well its 8/10 for mecan i play with a friend?    - only 1can i have a pet                -no but you can ride an ELEPHANT TO WRECK HAVOC!!!Get it if you have a good pc!you can go ramboo or splinter stealth to capture any outpost choose your pickoh..... yeh honey badger is the most dangerouse enemy not the soldiers =))and the reason to get this game is..... ITS FAR CRY!!!! what MORE could you ask for :D
,Recommended,298110,28985815,Posted: 3 January,all,DHZ,GOOD GAME!
,Recommended,298110,14892042,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Iron Dagger,"10/10It's like a bigger, more humorous version of FC3 with the gorgeous setting being familiar to the snow-capped mountains of northern Tamriel.  Turn on your grill and sear those tiger burgers to perfection with a side of honey badger... just watch out for the eagles.Es ist wie eine größere, humorvolle Version von FC3 mit der schönen Lage vertraut verschneite in den Bergen des nördlichen Tamriel sein . Drehen Sie auf dem Grill braten jene Tiger Burger bis zur Perfektion mit einer Seite des Honigdachs ... nur achten Sie auf die Eagles.Это каклучший вариант FC3 красивый внешний вид будучи знакомым с заснеженных гор северной части Тамриэля. Включите гриль и шептала эти тигра гамбургеры к совершенству со стороной медоед ... Только будьте осторожны, орлы.https://translate.google.ca/"
,Recommended,298110,23040284,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Zcorvette,"Very fun if you enjoyed Far Cry 3. The mechanics are basically the same, with the addition of different animals and weaponry. I highly recommend it. The only downside is Uplay but all games have their flaws."
76561198087570987,Recommended,298110,27848588,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,FreakinGamerBobby101,"To be honest, this is a good far Cry game... IF you like the franchise then this is one of the best, Primal is more immersive and is more ""Ground Based"" while with 4 you have Vertical movement as well as combat from above in the little helicopter thingees... Now, as far as story goes, it has a dang good story, still they have the same recipe though, a mentally unstable villain, going from Tower to tower to renegade a radio signal, going from place to place doing missions for peple that are railroading you into doing the missions... One of the best NEW features that they have this time around is the fact that you can make choices that directly effect the missions that are available to you and effect the whole of the game world... All in all, it is a strong title within the Franhise and again, if you like the Far Cry Franchise this is one of the best, the one that I personally actually like more is Primal, BUT that comes to a Primal review not on 4..."
76561198006445658,Not Recommended,298110,13057928,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Jack_Straw,Looks like a great game but can't recomend it unless they work out the mouse acceleration issue. It's horrible!
,Not Recommended,298110,13278471,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Mister Roboto,"I have not been able to play the game.  I just sit at a black screen with a non-responsive exe if I'm lucky,  as the game usually hard crashes my graphics card.  I have an 8 core processor, and an above spec graphics card (GTX780)- but have yet to reach the main menu for more than 2 seconds.  I'm not going to by another ubisoft game again.Update:  It's a couple of months later: SAME THING.  No fix yet."
76561198004022855,Recommended,298110,34407230,Posted: 21 August,all,maldorf,"60 hours of playtime on this! If you like the Farcry series then this is a must have. The main campaign is very good, up to par with the others. There are lots of great side quests too. One series of quests has you getting drugged up by two guys and adventuring. Another quest line is about Shangri la. The Yeti DLC is great too. THe other DLC I tried once but it has perma death and once you die you have to start all over again. I didnt care for that and only tried once. Overall, nothing really special about this Farcry as far as the series goes, its just another great game that plays like the others. Superb sound and graphics. A joy to play on dolby digital 5.1."
,Not Recommended,298110,20398629,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,мяFunreal,"TL:DR version: This is Far Cry 3 with new story and location. It's mostly the same.If you have played Far Cry 3 before then you will pretty soon realise that they basically made a new world with a storyline, added a few new vehicles and guns and called it ""Far Cry 4""Seriously, i played it for about two hours now and i can tell you that they literally recycled Far Cry 3.A whole awful lot of sounds are the same from Far Cry 3. Just as much weapons are the same aswell, and if the weapon isn't the same, then they used the animations from Far Cry 3.It might just be me, but the player has the same voice as in Far Cry 3."
,Recommended,298110,33142314,Posted: 2 July,all,Aqua,I recommend you to buy if you are a fan of this franchise.
76561198003433135,Not Recommended,298110,13083800,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Automator,With everything on max and textures on low or textures on max and everything else on low you get Far cry 3 graphics at best. Anything more and the engine is unstable even with my high end gaming rig. At 70% competition the gameplay is Far Cry 3 with moved trees and altered buildings. It is very unlikely that I will see 71% as I did it all before in the last version.
,Not Recommended,298110,20762979,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Yureina,"Mmm...I'm having some trouble coming up with a review for this because it is pretty much Far Cry 3 again but with a different storyline. Gameplay was the strongest part of FC3 in my opinion, though it did pretty good with it's kooky villains and the main character slowly transforming, out of necessity, into a brutal warrior out of a need to survive a harsh environment. So... in the gameplay department, things are more or less the same. And because of that, FC4 already is ""good enough"" for me to recommend.And yet something was missing. Maybe it was just that the main character didn't seem to have any personality or character growth this time. Maybe it was that the central story conflict which, while interesting, ensured that the ending would be basically bad no matter what. Maybe it was that it was just so damn similar to FC3 and yet... wasn't quite as good.Honestly I didn't even finish the game properly. Yes I got to the ending, saw the epilogue scene with my chosen jerk leader, shot said leader in the head with a .50 cal sniper rifle after that scene, and saw the secret ending that happens at the start of the game. But I didn't do all the major side-quests, liberate all the outposts, or even get all of the upgrades. I ended up just plowing ahead through the story rather than taking my time to enjoy things. In other words... subconsciously, I wanted to be done with this and cut corners so I would be done relatively quickly.So I guess this is actually a ""no"" recommendation then? Ehh.... Is it a bad game? No, not really. It's just... bland. It has the gameplay that made FC3 great, but it does not have the same sort of story that kept me interested and wanting to see where things went. Yes FC3's second half was pretty bleh in the story department, but it didn't totally go to hell.Far Cry 4 can be summed up as a ""safe"" game where it tries to be Far Cry 3 again, but misses some of the key elements that made that game so memorable despite it's flaws. I see myself wanting to play Far Cry 3 again. This... I don't know.This would be a ""maybe"" if Steam had that option, but there isn't. So, honestly? I'm going to have to say ""No"". Play Far Cry 3 instead. It's better, has more than one save slot, and doesn't feel like a lazy sequel to cash in on a previous games success.This game isn't bad. It's just... middling."
76561198069248450,Not Recommended,298110,21337352,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,The_El1te,"A nice game got screwed badly by its developers with latest patch. I played and finished this game on Uplay without any issue so bought this steam edition for my brother. Got all latest drivers, hardware with i7-5960x, 2x titanX, 32 gig ram and still it doesn't start in windows 10 just crashes when starts.I tried all the solutions on Nvidia forum, steam forum and even 3rd party blogs but none worked. It is said that many people are getting this issue with windows 10 and many could run it smoothly without any issue.I could run all other games without any issue so more than sure that it is game patch the developer released that broke the game.In short, don't buy the game if you are running windows 10 as you might be another unlucky guy to waste money."
76561198012058272,Not Recommended,298110,13356433,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,sickness6501,"After several times trying to get this game to work it won't, and before you start saying the obvious things no my specs are enough to play the game, I have reinstalled several times, I have tried the disconnecting usb devices trick. Nothing thanks ubisoft for stealing 70 bucks from me.Update:So a little while ago I managed to get the game to work, and I'm not very impressed with it.Pros:- Good Controls.- Fun Gameplay.- Interesting Environment.- WAR ELEPHANTS!!!!!- Fortresses.Cons:- Uninteresting story.- Not much different than Farcry 3, no real improvemenmts.- Uninteresting villain and hero.- ♥♥♥♥ing Eagles!!There's not too much to say, I was expecting more out of this game. Farcry 3 was awesome and this one feels inferior. There just wasn't enough to make me care so I stopped playing it. I would gladly go back and play the third game but this one just feels unnessessary."
76561198257753265,Recommended,298110,25008686,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Mysto,"This is an amazing game. The story was next to perfect, the side quests will keep you occupied for hours, and most of all the free roam is absolutely amazing. The feeling you get from liberating an outpost undetected is enough of a reason to buy this game. I give this a 9/10. I would also recommend you get Far Cry 3, which in my opinion is a bit better than this."
76561198044010808,Not Recommended,298110,13413016,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,HorseFarts,"Purchased this mainly for the coop multiplayer and I am quite disappointed.  A large amount of the descriptions and such on what to expect from the coop experience are very misleading and cleverly worded to drawn people in.  This is not a story line coop so if that is what you are expecting then you will be quite disappointed.  The coop allows you only to play random open world events, collect items, take over control points and towers, and lvl.  I feel had I not been mislead I would give it a thumbs up regardless of it being a reskin of Far Cry 3. Still a good single player game."
,Not Recommended,298110,20234701,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,DeliveryGodNoah,"DISCLAIMER: This isn't a proper review. Honestly, this is me venting. Take my ""review"" with a grain of salt. As a brief overview, this is honestly a good first person shooter plagued by technical issues for many people. (FPS drops, stuttering, graphical glitches)Let me tell you a short story.It begins in 2010. I pick up a game called Far Cry 2 for the PS3.I couldn't wait to get home and play it, all the gameplay I saw seemed like the game was THE first person shooter I was missing.I got home, loaded the game, and was literally blown away. Even in the games sequels, never have I felt like I was IN a video game setting quite like how Far Cry 2 made me feel. The gorgeous lighting combined with the muddy, dusty, rusted textures truly made me feel like I was in a part of Africa. I could almost feel the heat.Guns jammed, enemies hunted you, and there was this visceral feeling to the combat. I loved walking around feeling like a total badass.Far Cry 3 was a mostly worthy successor. They removed the ""realistic"" mechanics of the game in the favor of much more action oriented mechanics, which is all well and good, but while I did really enjoy my time, I didn't have the same feeling of immersion or belonging in the world of Far Cry 3. It was, and sometimes still is, plagued with bizarre bugs and optimization issues. Mostly in areas with a decent amount of NPCs is where the framerate would drop from 60 to about 35 with horrible stuttering like you were constantly jittering your head up and down.Then pops in Far Cry 4. Again, it basically promised more of Far Cry 3 with refined mechanics and a GORGEOUS setting.No more tropical settings in this game.Pagan Min is no Vaas, but they are both played by some damn fine voice actors, with some very decent writing.Far Cry 4 was for the most part exactly what I expected. The gun play was more than functional, even if it was missing a bit of ""realistic"" flair that was in 2. The story was still a little weak, but story was more of a way of stringing you along rather than being what invested you. Sound was excellent, visuals incredible, make no doubt, this is still a very nice looking game and it plays like some of the better first person shooters you'll play.If my opinion was just left at that, I would stop here and say buy the game. It's well worth it, with plenty of content, side activites, and world to explore. But I can't.No, if I recommended the game to you like this, I'd feel guilty.Some people will tell you I'm either lying, or I have a potato of a PC, but this game does NOT run well.At first glance, even with a mid-range machine, you might notice 60FPS. Great! Until you start moving. Until you get in a settlement. Until a large amount of combat happens.The stuttering issue I mentioned from Far Cry 3 is not only still present here, but tripled in severity. Anything remotely below 60FPS and you will, more than likely, get this headache inducing hitching as you move forward, like you're being shocked as you move. It's hard to explain if you've never experienced it before.I also upgraded my PC THREE TIMES to run this game. I honestly wanted to play that bad, I love the Far Cry games. But even with a 980ti, a  i7 4770, and 16GB of RAM, in towns I hover at about 50 FPS with the stuttering.I also still get the infamous driving stutter, which happens almost regardless of frame rate.To hit the final nail in the coffin for me, the game of course uses UPlay, which is a literal cancer on my PC. Everytime I boot up UPlay, my computer literally locks up for upwards of ten minutes, and that's if my game even open properly afterwards.It sucks so much, because I truly sense that the developers really tried to make a game people would love to play. It looks great, plays great, and seems well put together, but I think it's time to retire that engine."
,Recommended,298110,17207644,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Demadizzle,"Far Cry 4 is an unbelievable game, It takes what Far Cry 3 did great and expanded on it. The environment is gorgeous, whether you are exploring Kyrat or taking missions into the Himalayas. The game mechanics and controls flew well together and I didn't notice any issues what so ever.  Getting to ride around on elephants and storming outposts with them or wing suiting across the land never gets old. The gameplay is perfect, stealth or loud either way was a blast and a different challenge.All the side activities were all unique and actually worth completing. The dialogue from the side missions is humorous and very enjoyable. They all added something to the story and gameplay. The voice acting is top notch, Troy Baker killed it as Pagan Min, all the way to the end I loved his character. They sure know how to make a memorable and interesting antagonist.This game has a ton of choices in which you chose who would lead the rebellion group and how to go about ending peoples lives. All in all Far Cry 4 was a very enjoyable experience and I look forward to future installments; because they created an amazing series. Two masterpieces in a row, good job Ubisoft!  I recommend this 100% a solid 9+, with countless hours in single player as well as Co-Op."
76561198203755285,Not Recommended,298110,33093543,Posted: 1 July,all,Acer_Storm130,"TLDR; If you love Far Cry 3, then buy this game because you'll love it.Basically, this game is a copy and paste of Far Cry 3. Sure the HUD is updated and has better graphics, but that's about it. Gameplay is exaclty identical to Far Cry 3. There's nothing new or different about this (depends, its a bad thing for me. Some might disagree). I wish the developers would add more to the gameplay. I hate X-ray vision in this game, it's too casual. The wingsuit in FC4 is not as good as in FC3, you die easily from falls ( I play on hard btw). In this game you don't need to hunt anymore, just walk toward a group of 2-3 allies and spam bait ( This only works with carnivores). Capturing bases is the same as in FC3 execpt now you can ride elephants and ""replay"" the outposts by going to the Outpost Master.The characters are uninteresting and boring. I dont care about any of them. Far Cry 3 in this aspect was superior. Who could forget Vaas? I swear there is no f*cking story. Where is it?! The intro is very vague until you play more. By the time you complete the prologue you will have questions about what's going on. You are literally thrown into the world of Kyrat.Don't play this game for the story it's absolute garbage. It's about how the son (you), Ajay Ghale, of the ex- leader of the Golden Path wants to liberate Kyrat from Pagan Min's control. The way the story is told is not good. That's what makes the story bad.Overall 6/10 Mediocre at best and for filthy casuals. Boring and repetitive gameplay, imo."
76561198103720585,Not Recommended,298110,12997584,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Mr blue,"ok so this is not cool i have waited 3 days after pre ordering this game which in its self is not cheap i spent my whole weekend working my♥♥♥♥♥off just to get the money to buy this game that doesnt even start. this is so disapointing to me personally because i went the whole day waiting for school to end and came home rushed to my computer and got this and now i feel like the fool. i have now spent 6 hours trying to figure out how to get the patch update that """"""""fixs the problem"""""" and say download off of steam or uplay and showing you what it can fix is the worst ♥♥♥♥ing tease ever where do i download or is it allready with the game. please if you do get this FIX THE PROBLEM"
76561198041409743,Not Recommended,298110,13047579,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Ugh,"This game needs a patch, badly. Your better off playing Farcry 3 for now cause it's basically the same game, just set in the Himalayas as opposed to the South Pacific.EDIT: Honestly, after so many hours the amount of glitches, bugs, crashes, the indiscriminate and immersion breaking load ins of buildings and enemies, as well as cut scenes fading to black screens, red dot sights and any type of sight attachments going blank, animals attacking trees for hours, saves that, just for ♥♥♥♥♥ and giggles, don't actually save your game all in all make this game all but unplayable. I tried Ubisoft, I really did. I got 50% of the way through the game and when it bloody worked, it was grand, but 90% of the time it's a perpetual cycle of having to quit and reload the whole ♥♥♥♥ing game because, hey, the sound has mysterious shut off, despite the master volume being at 100! So I say this to you fine folks, looking to expand your videogame collection and partake in an awesome journey across the enchanting land of Kyrat; don't. Not only will you ""tear♥♥♥♥♥♥up"" in Kyrat, but you'll also tear♥♥♥♥♥♥up in your own living room, because this game makes you want to break everything.Now, in case you don't believe me, or think I'm just going off on some ill begotten rant, listen. I was doing one of Hurk's quest in the Himalayas that involved delving into a glacier (There are no spoilers here so don't worry). As I delved into the glacier, I reached a point where as I was running down a tunnel, the walls simply vanished. Vanished! I could see the whole layout of the cave! SO! I reloaded the game, and when I reached that area again, there were enemies that weren't there before, a helicopter that wasn't there before, a rock wall in need of being demolished, all this♥♥♥♥♥♥that had simply not been loaded into the game and because these things weren't there my first time around I died pretty quickly. So I thought, ""What the ♥♥♥♥ bro? I'll try reloading it"" but guess what! NONE OF THE BAD GUYS APPEARED! I did this about six more times (each time the game loaded improperly) before I quit the game to write the horrid review."
,Recommended,298110,33615123,Posted: 17 July,all,Sasstiel,"One of my absolute favorite games. I highly recommend FC4 to everybody, as it has very few unlikeable traits.PROS:Great storyVery in depthThorough with designCONS:Occasional bug, most are player-caused however. I encountered two bugs, one being a ""fall-through-the-world"" bug, which was player-caused and a massacre bug, where I could draw my gun(s) in a town which I shall not name due to spoilers. The town in question was also not under attack. (It was fun though)Sometimes hard to make the ""Right choice"" between Amita or Sabal.Once again, I highly, highly recommend Far Cry 4 to anyone and everyone."
76561198018295101,Not Recommended,298110,12998003,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Wiimote,"Love paying $60 for a black screen, super awesome. Prob problems with Ubisofts ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t Uplay. Why does this pointless Uplay shovelware have to login and sync to the cloud everytime I open the game, whats the point?Why Ubisoft why...-60$/10"
,Recommended,298110,14490629,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,kill_phil,"The only good game Ubisoft brought us 2014. Have to say that it isn't really something world breaking or really new compared to Far Cry 3, so people who were bored of FC3 should stay away, but the causual shooter fan will like that game.It has exceptional weapon gameplay. Every weapon with its strong and weak points. It needs a bit testing to find your perfect loadout and i personally liked that a lot. You have to experiment and there are weapons for every situation you could come in. CQC or long range sniping. The armory has a wide range to offer.The graphics are astounding. Like FC3 it is very colorful. Not as much as FC3 but still more than other shooters. It gives the game a more exotic look. On Ultra settings one of the best looking games i played in 2014.The game mechanics are great. Yes there are bugs, but only few and none are gamebreaking. The sprint, slide, melee system works really well. The crafting as well. The loot system where you have to loot every single body gets annoying with time, but with time progression you don't need to do it anyway. So i can look over it.The explosions and the overall balistic is great. If you blow up a truck with an RPG you can basically feel the impact of the rocket.The stealth is very intuitive. If enemies spot you or not is measured by many factors and to me it always seemed fair.The story is ... meh. It is easy to follow, but it just happens so aprupt. So fast. Here you are on the way to bring back the ashes of your mom to his home country and the next second you are the leader of a civil war. That was clearly to fast. the plot also goes too far away from the ashes and gets more and more to the ""we have to free our land from that bad man"" attitutde. Which isn't really a bad thing at all, but a bit more emphasis on the whole ""why were you here again?"" wouldn't have hurt.The mission design gets a bit repetitive with the time. Yea i know it is a shooter, but especially most side missions are ""kill that"" or ""collect this"" The Main Quests are a bit better there.Repetive or not, i never got really bored out of the missions. If you accept what the game is, then you can have a lot of fun with it.I don't want to spoil muchm but the main missions and the decision making is very good here. On one hand you have the traditional guy who wants to bring back the old ways of Kyrat and on the other hand you have the gal that wants Kyrat to become more modern. It is just a minor factor, but the ways both sides try to achieve their goals put you into a dilemma. You really have to think about who you pick.The characters are pretty good. You have bible reciting gun wielding priest, drug addicts etc. All characters have their little crazyness which makes em good :) People who liked Vas and his insanity will also like Pagan Min. He isn't as crazy and unpredictable as Vaas in FC3 but still well written psychopath.The guy you play is called Ajay and there is where Ubisoft could have done better. Yes it is about decision making and all, but it wouldn't have hurt to give Ajay a bit more personality. In the end Ubisoft just rolled with ""you play as him. Play as you like"" which isn't really a bad thing, but a bit more personality could have done the trick to get a bit more attached to Ajay.One thing i really need to mention. I HATE the hunting. You kill Rhinos, Elephants, Tigers like nothing. Yes they attack you, but it doesn't feel right to me to blow up a Rhino with a RPG. That is a mechanic Ubisoft should reconsider.Other than that minor thing. I highly recomment the game. It looks beautiful. It works great. There is a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton to do and with all the side mission and random stuff happening you never get bored. A must for every shooter fan."
,Recommended,298110,25567173,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Evocashious,"A fairly fun game with quite a bit to do, as with any Far Cry game. Although the story itself is a rather dry one and the main villain is pretty much never there. Kind of sad after the GREAT story of 3."
,Recommended,298110,22779573,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,charlietakethetrench,"world seems too huge! can't believe I'm saying that. having lots of fun so far, lots of great weapons and places to visit. liked it more than I thought I would, losing some momentum now as it's getting a bit grindy, but I'm getting my second wind I can feel it."
,Recommended,298110,20132453,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,cookie,"Far Cry 4 ReviewStory: 13/20You will take a lot of time to complete the storyline, the story is very long and well-developed, but it isn't that funny to play, it bores me at some points. But it's still a good story at allCharacters: 8/20To be honest, i don't like the characters of the game, i don't really have a reason for this, but it's not like in Far Cry 3, where i liked almost every character.World: 19/20Far Cry 4 offers an open world, that contains a lot of things you can do out of the story, there are enemie outposts, extra-missions etc. If you want a pause from the main story, you can just take over some outposts e.g. You won't get bored so fast.Controls + Gameplay: 14/20The controls are almost the same as its forerunner, but i like the controls in Far Cry 3 a bit more, it's a bit easier. But they are not bad. The gameplay is well done like in FC3, you can either shot all of your enemies down, or go sneaky beaky like and kill them one by one, hopefully without being noticed by the enemies. The gameplay is very open, you can do whatever you want, as long as you complete your Mission.Graphics: 20/20The graphics are perfect. It's just awesome to look over the map, it's beautiful. You can take a bunch of beautiful screenshots, if you want to!Overall: 74/100The game is great, you can play it for a long time without getting bored. I dislike some little things, but its still a great game. If you like the Far Cry Series, you should buy it. But i have to recommend Far Cry 3 a lot more.Cheers!"
76561198056072659,Not Recommended,298110,13277997,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,RaptorPlayer,I litteraly just bought this game and yet I find myself looking at a black screen every single time I try to play and for some random reason I can't get it to work I AM NOT PLEASED
,Recommended,298110,22754232,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,WorldLlama,"This being the first game I've played in the Far Cry franchise, I can say it offers an experience that's fun enough. It offers graphics that are great, gameplay that's fun without trying anything new or particularly interesting, and a story that (so far) has managed to move the plot ahead and be off-handedly interesting without ever being anything spectacular. It offers enough gameplay to be something that you can come back to for a few hours of fun consistantly, but isn't anything groundbreaking or spectacular.Unfortunately the huge weakpoint of this game is in the quality of the port. It doesn't support a wide range of aspect ratios, giving you black bars on the top and bottom of your screen, stuttering was a huge issue for me (I've played this on a GTX 750ti and an HD 7950) And the FOV slider doesn't appear when you use certain resolutions. This is a huge issue, as the devs for the game have claimed outright that if your FOV slider is gone, you pirated the game.In general, this is a pretty good game with a garbage PC port. Buy it while it's on sale if you aren't afraid to fix a few things yourself."
76561197961888729,Not Recommended,298110,21828274,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Crutch,"Far Cry 2, 3, and 4 were all written by the same people who wrote the TV series LOST.They have no clue how to finish anything, and for what ever reason, we keep allowing them to work."
,Not Recommended,298110,21323237,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,HeavyHoss,"I genuinely like the game, I really do, but only being able to play it 4/10 times because of neverending UPLAY garbage makes it just not worth the trouble. Numerous re-installs, downloads, and technical issues with no real support or guidance from Ubisoft.Don't even bother unless you're very computer saavy and more interested in troubleshooting than actual gameplay."
76561198122426096,Not Recommended,298110,12993878,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Nicolas,"Well i can be short, black screen at start up. It sucks paid 60 euro's.  I installed the patches, cracks, disabled my xbox controller in control panel nothing.  Dont say its my system, i have a decent rig,  R9 280X and a i7 intell processor with 16 gig of ram and installed the game on SSD.... Thumbs down for now,  FIX THIS UBISOFT, I got FDED in the♥♥♥♥♥with Watchdogs allready"
,Not Recommended,298110,14896851,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,House MD,"Ubisoft quite literally sucks at making video games. I never thought it would take a game six hours to stop working completely, I can't even get to the home screen. Not to mention the fact that it's FarCry 3++ (Thanks for that Yatzee) And is completely abrupt. ""oh I was gonna scatter my mothers ashes but while I'm here I may as well liberate an entire country from Mao Ze Dong in a pink suit."" You finish by picking a new leader of the country, then go to the main antagonist (who's been gone for the whole 2-99% of the game) and he basicly says: ""What are you looking at I'm not gonna save this ship wreck of a story line."" The whole game is abrupt and copy-pasted from FarCry 3."
,Not Recommended,298110,13064476,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,6 dogs,A good game but im encountering a lot of bugs
76561198111066690,Recommended,298110,34810740,Posted: 8 September,all,👌OK👌,"Just play the game, you'll love it if you haven't played any other Far Cry's"
,Not Recommended,298110,13260229,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Potato,"Essentially, this game manages to lag in single player. Control input is horrible. This is the last ubisoft game I purchase. I also dislike that I had to install uPlay to play this."
,Recommended,298110,28795928,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Jacquerrene,"did you ever heard super junior? (korean boyband)well,their ex member is the main villain in this game"
76561198040841853,Not Recommended,298110,20657890,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Mirkz,"I really can't seem to get into this, I don't know what it is but after 12 odd hours and several months I'm still struggling. The game looks nice, but the villain does nothing for me... I mean, he wears a pink suit, I can't even begin to take him seriously. Vaas or whatever his name was from 3 was an amazing Villain, you saw it in his eyes, in his behaviour etc.I don't care about the story or the characters. It's just... meh."
,Not Recommended,298110,24263160,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,01110111 01100001 01110010,"I've been a very big fan of the Far Cry series since the beginning.... I have to say though, that this one was a bit disappointing. Honestly, I really felt like I was just playing FC3 with better graphics. It played almost exactly the same as its precedessor. I loved Far Cry 3, but whenever a game starts acting like COD or AC, I start to lose faith in the franchise. Aside from that, I was plagued with multiple crashes even with a high-end graphics card. Honestly I'd give it a 3/5."
,Not Recommended,298110,13352632,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,(╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻,"EDIT: about a month and a half of being unable to play, but it's now fixed.Game is broken at the end of Act Two (breaking save files as well), and Ubisoft support is completely unhelpful.See:http://forums.ubi.com/showthread.php/957319-Game-broken-after-last-Act-2-mission-Help-needed-Forumsandhttps://steamcommunity.com/app/298110/discussions/0/624076027518240469/"
,Not Recommended,298110,21845792,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Kebab Removal Unit,IT KEEPS CRASHING MY DISPLAY DRIVER AND GIVING ME THE 4101 ERROR. WHATS WORSE IS THAT THERE IS NO 'FIX' FOR THIS ISSUE WHATSOEVER.KILLMENOW/10
,Recommended,298110,14201054,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,bryketos,"Bigger, richer, more dynamic, and with much more powerful weapons, Far Cry 4 excells over Far Cry 3 in all the areas that count from the standpoint of software development and yet none of the ones that made Far Cry 3 an engrossing experience from the perspective of story.Fans of Skrillex will be disappointed, instead you get to listen to a dance craze that is neither dancy nor crazy during a decidedly less interesting mission to destroy a concrete wall.The game meanders through a deeper and longer storyline than Far Cry 3 but will not impress those here to engage in an interesting story.  The fourth installment of the Far Cry series ditches backstory in favor of plopping you down in a massively vertical mountain environment, knifing bandits, killing animals and people with a bow, and ambushing enemy strongholds with C4.  Maybe that's what really matters.In the end, Far Cry 4 is worth playing if you loved the tagging, bagging, knife throw takedowning, and .50 caliber sniper rifling of Far Cry 3 but with more mountains and these cute little choppers you can drop grenades on rhinos from.  In sum, a win for gameplay and graphics but a miss for story and dubstep."
76561198023169058,Not Recommended,298110,13357262,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Rapturehelmet,"I might have recommended this game if 1 it didnt force you to use Uplay, 2 you could have more than 1 save file, 3 if it wasnt just far cry 3 with like 2 extra features, and 4 if it didnt have so many graphical glitches, but its by Ubisoft, so all of these things are true, and because of that i wont even consider it a decent game."
,Not Recommended,298110,13085526,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Vallkory,For the love of god don't buy this game. One of the ♥♥♥♥♥iest PC ports I have ever seen... Litterally unplayable. So much money I will never see again
,Not Recommended,298110,12998830,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Fujiwara_no_Panda,Can't even play cause Ubisoft f'ed up. Not even sure when a fix will be available.
,Not Recommended,298110,13066437,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Pepe,Yay just spent $60 on a game and I can even play it with my usb hub plugged into my pc! Ubisoft said they were gonna patch it but now they are gonna wait -5 million out of 10. My rating will change after im ABLE TO PLAY IT!!!
76561198081788609,Not Recommended,298110,20262719,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,"Painis, Pootis & Pingas","EDIT 3: Ubisoft is finally looking into this so if we get the game back on running I may change this review.- Fast Travel is currently unavailable- Autosave fails to work- Manual save -> ""Main menu cannot be accessed while autosave is in progress.""- Save & quit -> game crashes and fails to save.- Die in-game -> game crashes.- Start a new game -> the old save point persists and cannot be overwritten. A death crashes the game.Not to mention framerate being constantly around 20 and me somehow losing 800GB of space on my hard drive after installing Far Cry 4 and uplay...I enjoyed the game for what it was but now these issues have ruined my love for this game.I paid 16€ for this game and was able to ""enjoy"" it for 16 hours. That was not worth it.EDIT: I tried uninstalling and reinstalling the game. It still doesn't work.EDIT2: I tried uninstalling Uplay, deleting all save files and reinstalling it. It still doesn't work."
76561197973284373,Recommended,298110,13060838,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Masterofm,"What makes this game good isn't it's single player, which is basically Farcry 3 +1.  It could do a lot to improve the game, but instead it only adds a thin layer on top of it.  Some of the characters around you are funny, and it seems to be a bit better at creating characters I find interesting, rather then being surrounded by mopy emo people... for the most part.  It trys a little too hard though sometimes and instead delivers more hollywood characters then people I'd believe to be in a setting.  It might be a little too critical.  Also it has half the map locked away until you progress through half of the quests.People also say the wild life is really super duper hard, and the bases are punishing, but they never really seemed like much of a challenge to me.  Bow + arrow + range & highground = undetected win on compounds (even the strongholds,) and the wildlife seem to just have more HP.  The rhinos are a bit hard and take a lot of punishment when you first go up against them, but after you realize how the AI works and how you can work around their attacks they become just as easy as everything else.Now to the fun stuff.  It's a hell of a lot of fun doing co-op with another friend.  I was laughing almost the whole time as we did silly fun things.  It's the kind of co-op Farcry 3 should have had.  Take the map, take all the sub quests (not the main ones sadly) and have at with a friend.  It's a hell of a lot of fun.  What would make it better?  If the game basically did what diablo 2 did when adding another person into the mix.  Make more enemies spawn or make them harder, because in the end having a second player just makes opening up the map, or taking out outposts/strongholds easier.However the fun isn't in the challenge it's in doing dumb stuff, and crashing in weird ways and killing both of you by maybe panicking and firing a rocket launcher at your feet.  It also opens up more dialogue from a character called Hurk, who is the character the person joining into the game will be.  Who is like the main character, but funny, has really great lines, and...... well..... really would have been more fun if he was the main character instead of the bumbling, want to help, coy Rambo mic kill everything.  Which is weird because why would Rambo be coy?The single player campaign is nothing to write home about.  It's basically Farcry 3, and there is some nudity in the game but it doesn't really add much to the game other then ""and then there were more painted boobies... and a very very very brief shot of your characters crotch,"" as opposed to when Farcry 3 used it to make a powerful statement.  So basically just expect more Farcry 3.  Yet when I played it with a friend and laughed for hours, and hours.What does the game need?  In co-op I'd love it if I could just explore the whole entirety of everything on the games map instead of being restricted to half of the playing field because I didn't progress through the whole story.  Then allow me to reset the map so we can take those outposts all over again.  Also when outposts get attacked and I just walk away?  I should probably have to retake them instead of nothing happening which takes away from the tension of the event.  Maybe I don't want to save the outpost?  Maybe I want to go and bow the crap out of the guards who retook it?  Ever think of that Farcry4?  Anyways it's a solid game and I'd say play away.  It will be fun, but when you co-op that is when the game will really shine."
76561198027547542,Not Recommended,298110,12999610,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Lord Commisar Blyat,"i am a huge fan of farcry 3 and WAS a huge fan of farcry and ubisoft in general, i played every farcry game to date and honestly farcry 4 dissapointed me greatly. with sound bugs and stuttering galore ubisoft dropped the ball hard here. this game was supposed to be the highlight of an extremely ♥♥♥♥♥♥ day.so yea, thank you ubisoft.you really delivered."
,Recommended,298110,33222563,Posted: 4 July,all,Titanium Back,"Many people complain that Far Cry 4 is too similar to 3, which often makes people rate it lower than it deserves. 4 was the first game I played in the Far Cry series, and after then going on to 3 I can tell you that this game, while similar to Far Cry 3, has many improvements. I would even call it a great game, and, after playing hundreds of games in my lifetime, would list it among the best.Far Cry 4 has incredibly open missions which the player can accomplish in a variety of ways, each as satisfying as the next. The antagonist, Pagan Min, is charismatically portrayed by Troy Baker and is fantastically and cleverly written. However, he is not overplayed so that when you do meet him he still seems like a force to be reckoned with.Although its formula could have been changed up slightly from the previous installment, Far Cry 4 stands on its own as a fantastic and satisfying game."
76561198010781856,Recommended,298110,33143130,Posted: 2 July,all,ithacan13,"Well here I am stuck in a safe house in Utkarsh. I have cleared out my backpack and replenished my ammo. I can even lie down on the bed and make the time go by.However, I cannot get out of the house because when I get to the door it just won’t “interact” with me. That’s to say I can’t open it. I’ve tried several methods including trying to blow myself up with a hand grenade and setting myself on fire in the false hope that my phoenix-like rebirth will release me from this room.Now some may call this situation an Ubisoft game glitch, but I know better. The reason I’m stuck in this room in Utkarsh is because I’m being punished for my sins. I have to come clean; I’ve killed people, lots of people. True, most of them have been the minions of King Min who have been trying to kill me too. Sadly though, I’ve blown away several dozen of my comrades in the Golden Path because they got in the way of my RPG. I’ve also run over harmless travelers on the treacherous roads of Kyrat, mostly because they had death wishes and walked right into the path of my pickup. I’ve done in several Sherpas this way too, and these guys are my pals, keen to sell me goods and buy my animal skins.Oh, that brings me to the animals. The animals I’ve slaughtered! Yaks, wild boars, tigers, leopards, serpents, goats, wild dogs, wolves, and honey badgers. My gawd the honey badgers I’ve dispatched and sent on only to be reborn to everyone’s misery! I can hear those little guys chuck-chucking at me from the next planet and mocking all my good deeds. Bad karma. Mea culpa.I have done good things too, I want you to know. I’ve completed a ton of missions to rescue hostages, take down enemy outposts, foil Min’s propaganda, disrupt his supply lines, eliminate Min’s nasty lieutenants, helped a mad mystic named Lionel redeem himself, even went to the aid of magical Shangri La. I’ve spun a zillion prayer wheels to increase my karma.Yet none of this seems to matter as I sit in a safe house in Utkarsh meditating on my bloody deeds. Maybe someday I’ll be free. And if I get free I promise to be a good guy, a really good guy, if nobody gets in my way—I mean if conditions in Kyrat... improve."
76561198067123233,Not Recommended,298110,13203855,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Brocacola22,"Do not get! I payed $60 for this game and when I try playing it, a black screen appears and the game crashes. I tried contacting Ubisoft and they replied back to me once but they stopped answering me and my problem is still unsolved. Ubisoft's customer service is absolutely horrible!"
,Recommended,298110,23401595,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡Dragnr,"I agreed with some people said that Farcry 3 has better story than Farcry 4, but other than that, it's good, and nothing could go wrong with buying this, and also, try google ""Chef Wan"", you wont disappointed."
,Recommended,298110,13017173,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Nocturnal,Finally a game that gets it!!Lets start off by saying this is just fun. Not to mention Graphically Amazing vast and open world.Everything in the game appears to be Achievable and not like your Grinding sick hard just to get a weapon so your not pwned. Money is pretty easy to get but not too easy. Upgrades can be obtained by hunting and that is a ton of fun cause you will run into tons of unplanned world events while going around and hunting animals to craft your upgrades. I Also Purchased AC Unity and let me tell you that was the biggest disappointment ever! (Writing bad review for that game after) Anyways all they do in AC Is try to get you to spend more money even if you purchased gold edition and the game is full of gamebreaking bugs and support never replys. awful! just awful! Anyways if you want a game that actually works and is fun to play for hours this is it!
,Recommended,298110,13305081,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Duke Of Jam,"hmm... i like it or i really want to like it. its far cry 3, which is a game i loved completely, just 4 is missing something. i loved the characters in 3 and thats what kept me so immersed in it, but in 4, none of them have any kind of development or anything that gets me really involved with them. for example, Bahdra, the little girl, i couldn't care less whether she became the matron or ""indian jesus"" or whatever cause the game didnt make me care about her. the only character i cared about at all was Pagan, i love his gone completely insane, always calm and usually humours attitude, he is a great character and a great follow up to the amazing villian that Vas was, i just wish there was more interaction with Pagan in person, like we had with Vas. And as for the main character, Ajay, he might as well just been a silent protaganist, i couldnt care less about him because he didnt develop in the slightest througout the story, whereas Jason Brody in far cry 3 started as this rich kid who probably never been stressed in his life, who is suddenly thrown into this chaotic world and you essentially watch him slowly become this psycho killer, bad♥♥♥♥♥ and i wish we had that with Ajay. Its a great game, but falls in comparision to Far Cry 3. 7/10"
,Recommended,298110,13752022,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Jefario,I still haven't scatter my mother's ashes.
,Recommended,298110,17765050,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Stripstroke,"Far Cry is back and I couldn't be any more happy with how it's turned out, it brings everything you liked about Far Cry 3 and refines itself with a new environment and new characters. As the saying goes ""if it's not broken don't fix it.""Now there's plenty to like about this game I mean for one it's set in a fictional Himalayan country a cross between Nepal and India, it screams culture. The story is great with the awesome new addition of making choices it's light but still works, playing solo missions took about 16-18 hours. There's also coop free roam and side quests which take up a whole lot of time as well, it's hard to say how long it takes but I have spent more than 10 hours messing about with friends, so the length of the game is more than good. There's tonnes of user and graphics options to mess with which is really good to see, the keyboard and mouse work perfect fully rebindable and so does a controller but that only has presets. There's a bunch of the good old stuff to see here too like hunting, crafting, weapon customization etc with a few new things to see here and there, some of the new things to note down are choppers, grappling hooks etc. The soundtrack is awesome and so are the sound effects for everything else. The voice acting is great too my favorite is Sabel voiced by ""Naveen Andrews"" from the show Lost. They nailed the navigation down it's simple and easy to follow and they even added an auto drive feature for cars. Lastly the map is huge there's just so much going on, different zones for different things there's even cool little instances to go to the Himalayas and stuff like that.A few bad things I didn't like though was firstly the game starts of it's cinematics in full screen then right after the prologue chucks all of them into a black bordered mode small gripe which annoyed me. I really liked the new villain Pagan Min he wasn't Vaas but he was still damn good, it's just a shame he doesn't show up much at all in the game... Now with all the options this game has it was a little odd to see that the game only has a master slider for volume which is fine but it would have been nice to have more options.It's not the perfect game and I can't blame it, after all it did come out after Far Cry 3 and that would be hard to beat. If you just want something more after Far Cry 3 then this game is right up your alley it scratches that itch and gives you everything you'd want from a Far Cry game."
,Not Recommended,298110,13003304,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Rox,"Im really sad to see that Ubisoft is turning into EA 2.0, this game is look good, feels good BUT it has a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ story line some of the charcters are just being thrown at you like you know them long  time ago. also there is so many glitches in the game and LOTS of lag spikes .. im really disappoined that i bought this game and i really wish that i didn't even bother buying it"
76561198090958008,Not Recommended,298110,13258489,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,OMGchildren,"skyrim with guns and great gameplay. however i had the worst experience ever during the actual download. first it took 2 whole days for some reason and ya i have a good internet conection and every 5 mins the download would stop for no reason and would need to be manually started again. and this is the kicker.... i was at 20.6 gig of 21 and steam closed its self for no reason and when i open again its back to 9gig of 21............... FFS i also have some screenshot if some cool looking rainbow cliff  faces that are obvious graphics issues. so i verify my game cache and WOW gota re download 11gig..... HOLY $HIT GOOD JOB!          but despite all this the game is great an i still give a thumbs up.OK update ive now played this game 20hrs and have spent much longer than that just trying to get the game working properly. at the time i wrote this review i had to re-download 11.1 gb for some reason failed to validate, i played the game for 5 mins closed it down and tried to re-open next day and OMFG on startup its saying FC4.dll is ♥♥♥♥ing corrupt and may bee infected by a virus.......... which its really not.......  SO AGAIN I HAVE 10.9 GB TO DOWNLOAD and the total for the game should be 21BG, ive now had to download over 60GB LIKE HOLY F@@@ im close to demanding my money back.. but hey gameplay is still good isnt it? oh and i blame steam for sending me files that fail to launch game the VERY FIRST TIME. when u download this before u even play it verify the integrity of your game cache unless u want you save file corrupted to the point that its useless after having made it 30% through the game. appologies about typos i have 1 hand atm lolso just now verified again, it failed, 10.6gb later i get this.""FILE CORRUPTED! This program has been manipulated and maybe its infected by a Virus or cracked. This file wont work anymore."" NO IT HASENT. like wow really?another addition i would like to add is after a complete uninstall and re-install trying to play the game i noticed there wasent gound anywhere...... just rocks, building, and grass floating in the air and every time the charactor spawed, would simple start falling through the map as the ground wasent there. so now i try to validate and 7 files now fail to validate and 11.7GBIVE DOWNLOADED 90+GIG AND THE GAME STILL DOESENT #@%$ING WORKso after massive stability issues i re-download and this time game wont even load without crashing....I WANT MY MONEY BACKlol have fun barking up that tree......"
76561198005128610,Recommended,298110,31109140,Posted: 12 April,all,the Winter Warlock,"Rating 7/10Well as much fun as I had with this game, I would say I prefer Farcry 3 if given the choice....This game is more like Farcry 3.5. It seems like the same game but in a differnt place. Take over tower, free outposts and collect herbs and skins... BUT it does have a few new things, so in reality, it would be Farcry 3.8There are places you can scale mountain sides now instead of trying to find your way around one.There is a buzz copter where you can dash from one location to the next.There are a few things that make the game still interesting.But there are a few things that make it really disinteresting.Too many missions of the same goal. If you like redundancy then this is for you.It just makes the game drag out. Just half of the missions is suffice.Though there are a few different types of missions as well.You cannot skip intros, cutscenes!!!! If you are ADHD... this will really try your patience.Especially when you have to watch every intro when you start the game up which can take up a good minute.Another turn off was when you are in a scene in Shangrila, you are fighting and the narrator is speaking another language. If you read the subtitles, you get distracted from the fight and you die. If you fight, you have no clue what the narrator is saying. I would say, with everyone in the game speaking ENGLISH, this was just a really bad decision to have this done in another language.What was missing too is the weather elements. No rain at night or during the day. That was pretty cool in Farcry 3.And would be nice to have more play in the snowy mountaing, just to change things up.Really bottom line, it's still a good game, and the story line itself was not really interesting, and I did not really care for any of the characters. Unlike Farcry 3 with Vaas, who was funny, who was crazy, who was just interesting to see what would happen next. I find the character developement on FC4 very bland and not really convincing to make me care about the story. Which is unfortunate.I have finished the game by what I mean, I went to the end of the story line. But I am not at all inclinced to want to even finish the rest of the missions or even go for the achievements. I am not even interested in playing the game again from the beginning. But I did play FC3 like 4 times.I would still recommend the game if you get this for $20 or less.Anything more is just robbery."
76561198015573561,Not Recommended,298110,14953149,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,MorningGhost,I tried to like this game and gave it another go but the game play is empty. Anyone lacking in talent for making games could make a sandbox game like this using the Cryogenic engine. The graphics are brilliant as you can expect from previous Far Cry games but everything else about is dull and the AI is poor or forced. If they bring out an FC 5 I won't be purchasing it.Revised review but same sentiment.
,Not Recommended,298110,13085539,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Leetkrew,"F*** ubisoft, uplay, and this game. I cannot get it to load past the black screen. Do not download this game or support this company, ever."
,Not Recommended,298110,13366837,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,bugdacious,"Game is fun although the Arena is just a grind. If you're into stealth-first open world shooters, this is it.I'm marking this as not recommended game because of the single save slot. This is a stupid ""feature"" at best as it accomplishes nothing good and potentially lots bad. You can often work around these by backing up your save files independently of the game, but why do I need to do that? Again, there's no advantage, no sense of ""fairness"", etc. There's really no death penalty in the game, so there's nothing that a single save file does for game play.What a single save file does in a long open world campaign is leave you at risk for corruption. This is particularly bad in this game because they've got a bug that will completely end your campaign that occurs at the very end of one mission just as you transition to a new area in game. I was 40 hours into the game (I tend to do many of the side activities before advancing the campaign missions) when I was bit by this. Many others have been bitten.It would be an annoyance if you had multiple saves available. But with a single save AND the fact that it executes that save for you at various points means they built a game designed to have a lot of people abandoning it because they have no desire to repeat the grindier bits in the game.Back up your files independently and frequently, especially before the ""Willis"" missions.Single save is built for a world where there are no bugs. That's not the world we live in.I am also marking this not recommended because Ubi forces you to sign into another system in order to play the game. I'm on steam, I do not need Ubi's garbage site."
,Recommended,298110,33144079,Posted: 2 July,all,Overlord,Very Repetatitive. Although the coop was a lot of fun. Not a satisfying end to say the least.
,Recommended,298110,24113768,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,AlanShadow,"TL:DR - Far Cry3++, still amazing though, recommended.Far Cry 4 is an improvement over the third game in every respect, here are some things that caught my attention:First off, performance. I have an old setup, however the game ran on low settings at 45-60 fps, so I'm definately not complaining about that. I can't really say anything about the graphics for the above reason, however visuals for me aren't the most important thing in a game.The storyline is more flexible that ever, your choices influence how the playthrough turns out more than just who you kill at the end. If you choose one side or the other, missions change accordingly.There are even more weapons, and something that I can't thank the devs enough for is the return of some guns from Far Cry 2, specifically the mortar (although stationary), and the flare pistol. A personal favorite would be the throwing knives - makes you feel like J. Statham :POverall combat feeling is about the same as Far Cry 3, however there are some things that were added to keep you under pressure, best example would be mortars - enemies can and will use them, and ignoring them is not an option as they kill you pretty fast.Collectibles and side quests? More than ever. Propaganda posters, hunting missions, courier takedowns, armed convoys and much more. Certainly enough to keep you busy for a while after completing the story.Crafting is largely the same as in Far Cry 3 as is the inventory system, however items that you collect from around the world are now more valuable.There were some things that I didn't like, for example when you are given a choice to shoot or leave a character alive, there's no time to think about it, there's no ""press this for that"" on the screen. That caught me once and while it isn't a massive problem, it definately is annoying.And so, overall Far Cry 4 in an improvement over 3, however the core mechanics are almost the same. Those seeking a completely new experience will be slightly disappointed. If you loved FC3 and want more of it then you should love this aswell.Judging by the content of the game, I'd give it an 8/10. While at it's core it's very Far Cry 3'ish, it certainly doesn't lack in things to do.And yes, there are missions that involve being drugged. Quite a few actually.GPU: Radeon HD6850 GDDR5 1GBCPU: Intel i5 2500 3.3GHzRAM: 8GB DDR3PSU: Corsair TX650Storage: 128GB SSD / 1TB HDD"
76561198183381301,Not Recommended,298110,32735007,Posted: 24 June,all,KeithFukaton,"'hmmm, lets do a mission!', [driving along] 'there is the mission but its on the other side of a mountain, lets take the road': 'LEAVING MISSION AREA' ????, 'how the hell am i going to do the mission if it says that i keep leaving the area!!!!! 'YOU HAVE FAILED THE MISSION'. 'I WAS DOING THE BLOODY MISSION BUT NO, DRIVING 7M THE WRONG WAY FAILS IT'♥♥♥♥ing great scripting for the missions guys!!! [sarcastic clap]Why are animals e.g. woves and other animals 90% resistant to bullets entering their body and tearing holes through vital organs?Overlay glitches and layer glitches on waterfallsCIVILIANS DON'T HAVE ANY WEAPONS! 'c'mon dear, lets go to tiger infested mountains and have a picnic' [man] 'should i bring any weapons' [wife] 'Don't worry, there is this almost invinsible man flying, driving around the mountains, he will save us' [man] 'isn't this a very big world?' [wife] 'no, a warning comes up infront of his face whenever he tries to escape' [man] 'AGHHHHH, TIGER. [player] 'woops, too late'Waypoints disappear, waypoints don't save and waypoint routes don't 70% show upYou take more damage from the environment than bullets piercing your body, BLOODY HELL, INSTEAD OF BREAKING LEGS YOU JUST DIE; DOESNT MATTER HOW MUCH HEALTH YOU HAVECannot stab enemies with a throwing knifeRunning into the side of a moving vehicle instantly kills you, no matter how much health you haveWingsuit and parachute physics need serious adjustmentsCivilians run into your vehicles, causing you to lose pointsGame often crashes when exiting to desktopVehicles like to despawn regulary ASWELL AS EVERYTHING ELSE (dead animals/people)Impossible to stab animals like tigers to death, NEED MORE KILL MOVES♥♥♥♥♥♥fish fighting mechanicsHeli changes colour often, bounces off boundries and alarms for stupid reasons. Also likes to drift/slide away when on tiny slopesCan't climb up 80% of edgesAll of the rebels are one guyCannot shoot an eagle which is within 2m of youGUNS HAVE NO RANGELighting a campfire catches the surroundings on fireCannot go backwards with the mouse wheel when choosing throwablesPlayer cannot go up steep slopes, 'why not grapple?' 'son, the devs didn't think of that', 'what about mods?', 'they didn't think of that either'. 'so what did they think of?' 'shooting an animal in the head with a gun only gives you one skin, shooting an animal in the body with many arrows gives you two, also doesnt matter how you kill the animal or how big it is, you will only get one chunk of meat' 'but what about the skin?' 'when SKINNING the animal, it only shows you getting the meat from it'Can't set individual keybinds e.g. changing accelerate keybind also changes walk forward, even with the tabsDifficult to attack to objectsGlitch where you keep requipping a weaponHeal animations should relate to what hurt you e.g. [hurt by bees] pulls out a chunk of metalApart from that, yeah sure, it's a good gameDying light character movements would have improved this game significantly"
,Recommended,298110,33169195,Posted: 2 July,all,OgyJoe,"I was having a bad day running a family errand when a very nice man invited me to his home for dinner. The food looked fantastic, but I could not figure out how to eat the crab rangoon. So I sat there like a fool trying to figure out how to eat until the host returned. I was a little embarrassed, because he spoke so highly of the rangoon, but he still helped me finish my task. I really do hope he takes care of that trouble with terrorists, because this is a lovely place to visit.4/5 stars.NOTE:  I will upgrade to 5 stars if they release a patch to allow me to eat the crab rangoon."
76561198090254910,Not Recommended,298110,13000354,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,20BelowGaming,"i wouldnt recommend this game to anyone that has ever played video games in their ientire on PC. If you don't own a Nvidia Grpahics Card, run away far from this p.o.s. That fact that this a $60 game is unreal. Ubisoft is by far the worst video game company in existence today. Have fun with the game if you get it past the start up screen."
,Not Recommended,298110,13007456,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,-=Sin=-,I purchased the game. Steam is not providing me the CD key to activate on UPlay. Sucks that even after two days I cant play the game. Shame on you steam.
76561198027846300,Recommended,298110,27027806,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Captain_Ragtag,"Run around shoot things, loot, kill animals, skin them to get more pouches to shoot and loot with."
,Not Recommended,298110,13401061,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Kaiser Corgi,"Okay. this game is good. On consoles, where this game actually ♥♥♥♥ing works. Don't buy this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥on PC. I've encountered so many errors while it actually worked. Now Far Cry 4 won't even get past the main menu, every time I've tried to play it the past two day it's crashed to desktop.Thanks Ubisoft, I'm never buying a game from you again. You're dead to me."
,Recommended,298110,16912540,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Ditendra,"If you like journey through the wild nature & kill bad guys with big variety of weapons you will like this game. The one thing I don't like in Far Cry games is - they lack story & cutscenes. Most of the time you just kill & kill everyone. I wish there were  more scenes with story & main villain. Sadly Pagan Min only occurred a few times in game. All in all, good game."
76561198149742337,Not Recommended,298110,13094299,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,stefan.kbtgbg,"I can not open the menus in the game, it´s all flimmering and getting black although I have a new and really strong PC. I heard thats common amongs players and a patch is apparently promised to come alhough noone can find the promised patch ANYWHERE. Really sad :-("
,Not Recommended,298110,21055625,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Not Sure,"if you do get it, you'll need to download the latest uplay seperately (doesn't update itself) and play the game offline or it'll kick you off of the game when playing the singleplayer.Just don't get it. I don't often write reviews because I'm having fun playing the game, but uplay is such a terrible system I'm warning everyone away."
,Not Recommended,298110,21085637,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Kio,It won't let me start it up its says cannot connect to Uplay and and tried every thing
,Not Recommended,298110,13005161,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Wigwomsinister,"Seems ok so far,, but SERIOUSLY!?!?  I want the crack the UBI team was smoking when they thought throwing a chunk of meat as bait will spawn a bear out of thin air was a good idea... immersion breaking and total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t!"
76561197990247495,Not Recommended,298110,13064927,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Hotshot90,"Too bugy, coop is unplayable. I hear having an nvidia card helps... but my decent radeon is certainly suffering. I'm not going to change this new card over ubisoft's antics. Probably the last ubisoft game I ever get."
,Not Recommended,298110,22133376,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Akka,"Here's Far Cry 4, a game about shooting people, capturing towers, and liberating bases.Now sneak into this huge stronghold with poorly designed stealth mechanics while alerting no one (game over if you do) then sneak out carrying a body that restricts you to moving at half speed and prevents you from shooting back except for the weakass sidearm.At least ubisoft did their cultural research when developing this game--I didn't see one toilet anywhere."
76561198043391821,Recommended,298110,13044417,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,frascht,"For the last six months or so, I've been using my computer for Netflix, League, and a few fps/rpg games to keep me from absolute boredom. After the first thirty minutes of this game, I was laughing to myself due to the excitement and how much I was already impessed with the game. The visuals, mixed with all of NVIDIA's signature GPU effects(fur, new shaders, etc..) give Far Cry 4 the best visuals of any game I've played(all Assassin's Creed games including Unity, Shadows of Mordor, BF4, and the list goes on). I'm running it on a GTX 980 at 1080p, always +60fps on complete ultra. Currently, I'm only 3.5 hours in and I haven't been through 1/20th of the map and I'm only 8% in to the campaign. If you're looking for an action-packed RPG with STUNNING graphics, this game should be a no-brainer."
,Not Recommended,298110,13035806,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Danny1243,"I can't even get it to properly launch. I preordered it and have been waiting to play since the last few updates Ubisoft released. And before you say it's my system, I could run Far Cry 3 on high and this is basically a glorified expansion pack, so  yeah. Looks cool, want to play, but can't. I've heard it's fun though."
,Recommended,298110,23978160,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Owl,I saw a goat flying with an eagle.
,Recommended,298110,24670430,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Sym,"After completing the campaign, I had 25.64% completion. This is one of those games where the main story is such a tiny part of the overall game, it really is amazing how much effort went into different parts of the map, side missions, quests, other little mechanics like karma levels and weapon modifications.Great game.8.4/10"
,Not Recommended,298110,13918985,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,4thekore,"One of the worst story lines of 2014 it gives battle fied 4 a run for its money in worst story line. If you ever played far cry 3 and will be expecting the same or better like I and a lot of other you will be destoryed by ""Are you f***ing kidding me man !?!"" Every 20 mins you will be thinking this. First time I played the game for 3 and a half weeks I had no audio for any cut scene and the only suggestion I got from anybody was ""did you pirate it?"" No I paid full dam retail! If at any time you get an answer like that for a technical problem you know you bought a bad game. Oh yeah no more one shot 50 cal to the head kill shots on heavy any more take what you will to that. Only thing I can come up with is that got's to be a 4 inch solid steel helment. By the way the main bad guy only whats to be your friend."
,Not Recommended,298110,13353099,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Revaero,"I do not recommend this game.  I'm sure others might like it, but I don't think I can get through more than 10 minutes at a time (I just lose interest in the story line, the gameplay, etc...).  Maybe I need to upgrade some things on my computer, but in order to make the game playable, I have to lower the graphics so much that it looks worst than the highest settings in Far Cry 3.  Also, volume control settings in the main menu are a bit misleading, and I really had to work on mouse sensetivity settings before I could start playing.  Overall game feels clunky in regards to controls.  Also, no way to skip cutscenes, so if you're starting over, be prepared to sit through something you already saw for a good while."
,Not Recommended,298110,13384559,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,jvdgoot,Did you like Far Cry 3? Are you up for more of that game? Then you might like Far Cry 4! Adding very little gameplay-wise except for a tougher version of outposts (fortresses) and a grappling hook (which you can only use in specific moments) there is almost nothing to distinguish this game from its predecessor.When it comes to the characters it is an improvement in the fact that they are way less offensive and show some hints at depth. The story itself is bland and barely worth paying attention to. It has awkward pacing and seems to complete run out of steam towards the end and merely going through the motion.In short I can only recommend this game if the idea of more Far Cry is appealing to you and you don’t have to balk at the price.
76561197970689944,Recommended,298110,12992369,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,ElGuappo,"Essentially this is Far Cry 3 with a bit better graphics and a whole load more things to do and use. Everything from the skill levelling through to liberating outposts and even switching towers to reveal the map, are all present and correct. So does that mean it's just a big, fat con and totally not worth the money?Well... no. I love the Far Cry series and 3 was brilliant. That Ubisoft have pretty much shrugged and said 'if it ain't broke, don't fix it' is entirely understandable. That they charge full price for it is kind of a low blow, but it's still worth every penny. The game plays smoothly (had to knock graphics down from high to make it smoother on my very mid-range PC) and there is some scenery pop-up, but the game is still beautiful. You get to the top of a peak, survey the land from your feet to the horizon and can go anywhere, anytime, in anything, for any reason. Get bored with the main story? Do a side quest. Get bored with the side quests? Take an outpost and then reset it (nice!) to do it better. Bored with that and want to drive a truck off a cliff, bail out as it plummets, deploy your wingsuit, fly down above an outpost, pull the parachute and drift to the ground taking potshots at the guards with your pistol? Yep, you can do that too.In addition, the core gameplay has a few more bells and whistles too. Auto-drive allows you to sit back and relax, take in the views and all that good stuff while the games does the driving. It'll also take the wheel while you focus on shooting. Few things more satisfying than haring off in hot pursuit of someone, getting close and flicking to autodrive while you wait for the perfect head-shot.Also worth a mention is the gyro-copter which is just so much fun to zip around in, as well as the rippling wave of explosions from firing a mortar, the far less gullible AI and charging around on elephant because, well, why not?It's just FC3 with another 10-20% of 'stuff' thrown into the mix, but on every level of the game. Vehicles, enemies, weapons, missions, side-quests, story, Hurk, places, people, plot and on and on. Evolution not revolution is the order of the day here and I'm glad of it. Add in the 'worth the price of admission alone' map-maker (I've spent hours just playing around in that on past FC games) and there's arguably way more value in this than Call of Duty: Rinse & Repeat 7 or whatever.It's a wonderful game with a decent (so far) story, some fine voice casting and a warped sense of humor.Love it."
,Recommended,298110,24844240,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Ko_Nachan,"Just finished it an hour before the release of No Man's Sky.The best part is definately sneaking around, doing backstabs. When you liberate those spots undetected you'll know that.However it doesn't come with steam achievements.. Sad.And I'm so sure I heard frequent dirty words in Cantonese!冚家铲！丢雷楼谋！"
,Recommended,298110,25024709,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,1Life0Continues,"I bought this for half price, but I feel sorry for the people that bought it at full price. I mean, I've bought a lot of crap for expensive prices, but Far Cry 4 takes the cake.All you do is stare at a table full of food YOU CAN'T EVEN EAT for 15 minutes while this rude a-hole takes a phone call in the middle of dinner. You don't want to be rude, so you wait for him; to show you aren't a rude prick like he is. He eventually comes back and then you take your mothers ashes to be scattered. That's it, credits roll. For longer than the actual game!Best game ever, 10/10."
76561197971948699,Recommended,298110,13007788,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,AdmiralJack,"Love it so far. Beautiful, realistic environment, challenging combat at times.Still like skyrim with guns.I smooshed a dude with an elephant."
,Recommended,298110,13100913,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Tangy™,"This game lives up to its name , when Darpan ( a character that dies as soon as you start the game ) cries for help he does with such power that Kyrat citizens could easily hear , the Far Cry"
76561198001241400,Not Recommended,298110,13059502,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,ARK1974,"Ubisoft has once agian screwed a good percentage of is coustomers, since about 20% of the folks that paid for this game can't play it because they concentrated more on consoles and apparently didn't test for PC's. Also, they seem to have assumed that everyone has a quad core processor. Game released on the 18th and they promised a patch on the 21st, which was an empty promise. Now they say that due to a ""minor delay"" it may be days before a patch is avalible, yet they continue to sell a product that they know doesn't work for a significat percentage of the folks that are buying it.Be warned if you buy this game you will get no support from Steam or Ubisoft and you can forget a refund, even though Steam is still selling a product they know doesn't work."
76561197966371973,Not Recommended,298110,13084666,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,EntreBReneur,I bought this ♥♥♥♥ing piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥a week ago and still cannot play it.♥♥♥♥ Ubisoft.
76561198071082529,Not Recommended,298110,13410948,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,田所浩壹壹肆伍壹肆,"To be honest, I was totally disappointed with the first half an hour of playing experiences. Visual glitches are all over the place. Extremly lack of stability over the serve of Uplay(duh.).  Even though the actual gaming is still amazing overall, all the glitches and constain disconecting really make this game totally unplayable after all. For the best of all you people, wait the patch or don't buy it in a rush."
76561198094992855,Not Recommended,298110,13368890,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,AWESOMEANDREW146,i cant even get the game running and  got a new computer for it
76561198057735188,Recommended,298110,13598288,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Vengeance,This is not a review.This is just me giving it a thumbs up because It's a good game and I enjoy it.Didn't doubt that they would fail.
76561198011431982,Not Recommended,298110,13364620,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,jboughton23,"bought it, cant play it cause black screen on startup. read online and still cant fix it"
76561198096374054,Not Recommended,298110,34691426,Posted: 2 September,all,Spobbles,"I'd like to give this game a neutral review but that's not a thing.I really wanted to like this game, but it didn't go that way.I bought this game for the open world co-op, and it's...okay, I guess. You can't do story missions in co-op, so you'll be going around destroying outposts, fortresses and climbing belltowers. Trouble is, that doesn't take long. The outposts are tiny and often cleared in less than two minutes if you do stealth. You'll get more out of them if you go loud, but that kinda sucks if you're someone who likes being stealthy.The fortresses are supposed to be kind of ""super outposts"", they're labelled as being very hard and give you the option of weakening them through story missions. We cleared all of them easily without weakening them, they're just bigger outposts.Don't get me wrong, messing around with a friend in this game is fun, just not very challenging and you can clear the map pretty quick. There are random side objectives around the map and collectibles to find if you're into that sort of thing.And then we get to the story. Oh boy, the story.First of all, this is really just my preference. People like different things so hey, people who aren't me could like it.Second of all, I did not get all the way through the story of this game. I couldn't. I'm not a masochist.I hated almost all of the characters in Far Cry 3 (which I did play all the way through, unfortunately), and 4 is pretty similar. I found this game's story plain excruciating and hated almost every minute the main characters were on screen. Even the protagonist got sick of their s*** part way into the story.I love story games. I'm also fine with games with no story at all, or even a mediocre story that wasn't really important, as long as the game's other aspects made up for it. I've never played a game whose characters I hated so much that I had to stop playing, until Far Cry 4.If you don't mind them, then good for you. You'll enjoy this game a lot more than I did.All in all, the co-op is okay. The basic gameplay elements and weapon diversity is decent. You can have some fun. The story is up to personal preference. It's a Far Cry plot, for whatever that means to you. Personally I was begging the game to let me use my RPG in cutscenes, if only to drown out what the characters were saying. Oh, and the drugged out trippy dream sequences are in this game too. If you like them then good news.If this game was offered to you for a few dollars? Sure, go for it. Full price? Meh.Oh, and to upgrade your small leather wallet to hold more cash you'll need to kill and skin 2 bharals, 3 monkeys, FOUR F***ING RHINOS and a wolf.That's one quality wallet."
,Not Recommended,298110,13679043,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,45 year old father of 2,This game looks like a lot of fun but I can't play it until Ubisoft realizes that Dual Core users aren't able to access the game.
76561198107915350,Recommended,298110,23871796,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Makar,Jesus/10The friendly neighbourhood armsdealer asked me:''What gun would Jesus choose?''Thats when I knew it would be a fun game.
76561198144842281,Recommended,298110,14473567,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,The Real Fallen,"I must say after seeing the E3 reveal trailer live with my friends, I was more hyped then ever for this game. I was a huge fan of Far Cry 3, after playing the game twice first on 360 and then on PC, I still think Far Cry 3 is overall a better game than this. This game was a let down for me story and weapon wise. However if you have a friend to play co-op with this game is much more enjoyable. Ubisoft did an amazing job with the co-op and it was a fantastic addition to the FC series. All in all a good game but Far Cry 3 is still superior imo."
76561198143032079,Not Recommended,298110,13185191,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,FireGuard,Black Screen.... Enough said
,Not Recommended,298110,13176586,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,RayHoLi0!,"There is something about farcry that's addictive.  Some of the best moments take place in this game.  Combat is very satisfying.  All that said; The Co-Op is a LIE.   you can walk around the world with your bud, take forts and collect loot.....  but you can not play thru the campaign.  Be warned.Overall the game is beutiful.  The story is weak, and Yes... It is farcry 3 with more polygons, and 2 or 3 new weapons.  This is a $20-$30 game..  NOT a $60 game.And U-Play?  The WORST gaming client EVER.   Clunky.. unnessisary, and buggy."
,Recommended,298110,14784810,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,HawkStone,"You shoot things in this game, with guns mostly. Animals attack. People sometimes die from being shot or being mauled by animals. You are sometimes one of those people.You drive around a lot, but sometimes walk/run or fly.There are no cats or dogs living together.In the end, you win"
76561198047156349,Recommended,298110,16566118,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Ico~!,You are planning an invasion to an outpost and a freaking tiger jumps in you.10/10
,Recommended,298110,25092719,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,MadBomber01,If you like Farcry - Singleplayer (only) then Buy itIf You like Farcry - Multiplayer (only) Don't buySingleplayer is totally AWESOME
76561198051514010,Not Recommended,298110,13191898,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,bckmoody,"I have a mid-spec laptop rig that is happily running AAA titles by other publishers absolutely fine - most recently, Shadow of Mordor.  This game is utterly broken and I want my money back.  Game events are not triggered and I am left with an empty sandbox.  I have a Quad Core AMD with 8Gb ram and a meg of VRAM on a compatible device.  This game was not advertised as being 'not suitable for laptops'! (Christ, how would I feel if I owned Alienware??)The invitation to tender for this game was not honest and, under Law of Contract, I am entitled to a refund.  It has not been sold as advertised."
76561198000273870,Not Recommended,298110,13214608,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,shmolz,"Avoid this game. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. It is broken, flawed and not finished."
76561197977570111,Recommended,298110,27855994,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Master Shake,"Great game! Worth a buy for sure.If you like guns, bows, destruction, platforming, crashing vehicles, beautiful vistas and hunting, this is for you."
,Recommended,298110,22263347,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Marcossky,Very fun nice graphics and story.
76561197990710542,Recommended,298110,14644038,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,CSM Gomez,A lot of fun. I like it more than Far Cry 3.
,Recommended,298110,14886712,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Neurotic,Perfect game
,Recommended,298110,28702956,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Dino,"This is a brilliant sandbox game. There is much to do and explore. There are many ways of fighting, like snipers, C4, bow and bazooka. Taking outposts stealthily is great fun. The setting is immersive and beautiful.On the downside, some of the linear missions aren't enjoyable and most cutscenes are long and uninterruptible.This is a game that gives great enjoyment. Pure, casual fun."
,Recommended,298110,15296389,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Zagcizes,"A Very Enjoyable Game, If you loved Far Cry 3 this game, you'll love this game. It extends the gameplay with multiple open world events that make it feel lively (Karma events, Random Enemy Attacks and Outpost rescue and so on). More Guns, more Collectiables with loads of side missions and Events! If you don't like collecting, this game has alot of it. Story isn't as strong as Far Cry 3, but Pagan Min is a very powerful antagonist. Graphically its similar to FC3 but better, 60FPS is great if you play it like that. Also having CO-OP expands the fun and makes it crazy. And of course... You get to ride an Elephant! If you love Open world FPS with an alive world, So many activities to do that will keep you playing for hours, FC4 is definitely a game you will enjoy!If you want to watch a Let's Play! you can watch it herehttps://youtu.be/GI5_xXlyS-8"
,Recommended,298110,29410950,Posted: 21 January,all,TheGoatGod2468,"Amazing Game, I love that I can free a outpostBurn Goats to crispskill demons with a sword(Made of wood BTW)But I have one thing to saythere is no crying that can be heard from afar"
76561197970549991,Recommended,298110,21680242,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,RedFox,"Farcry 4 is essentially more of Farcry 3. If you enjoyed Farcry 3, and enough time has passed that you aren't burned out on the entire idea, then I'd definitely recommend giving Farcry 4 a try. It's almost mechanically identical, with new maps, a few new mechanics (grappling hook, 1 seat chopper to fly around, wingsuit...), and an antagonist I found pretty entertaining as opposed to annoying like I felt the Farcry 3 one was.I didn't play the additional DLC (the 2 that are separate modes). After 65 hours of Farcry 4, I had my fill with a 98%'ish completion score.Again, the decision to play this is pretty simple: If you're in the mood for something like Farcry 3, this game will fit the bill. If you're looking for something completely different, you won't find it here."
,Recommended,298110,33280945,Posted: 5 July,all,◀Mr.Emerald▶,"Graphics are awesome, gameplay rocks and the character is cool.  <3 9.5/10"
,Recommended,298110,29283967,Posted: 15 January,all,spambus,"It's a fun game to play.The story isn't that special or intriguing, Sabal and Amita, who you are supposed to help, aren't likeable. They just fight and whine a lot. Pagan Min is interesting, but he isn't in the story enough. The one thing that can make you play for hours though, is the arena. You're basically fighting waves of people and various animals with one weapon.The gameplay is what you would expect. The guns handle pretty great and there are a lot of weapons in the game, You have the usual bow and arrow, machine guns, handpistols etc.  The skill tree was too short: halfway through the game I had unlocked everything. What is pretty interestig is that for storage space you had to do certain side quests.A new feature is that you do not get a bonus for when no alarm bells have rung, when you take it over normally. But when you do it again, in a side mission, you do. This takes away from the game.The atmospher is nice. The random events with animals or bandits, makes it unpredicatble and realistic.The game looks great and I personally didn't have any performance issues."
,Recommended,298110,29448928,Posted: 23 January,all,[SFA] URBZACH❗☠,This Game is AMAZING i think the story is ok but the gameplay and the coop is AMAZINGthe only problem is that its a bit repatedtive and its not a lotFUN ALL AROUNDAMAZING COOPAMAZING OPEN WORLDAMAZING VOICE ACTINGThe story i think is good but could be better but still i think its still pretty good overall i give this game a 9/10p.s If your pc is not good DO NOT BUY THIS GAME
76561198035623775,Not Recommended,298110,26090627,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,♠  Preacher  ♠,"After playing FC3, no need to play this.It is almost exactly the same, but this game put some♥♥♥♥♥♥in it.All the time♥♥♥♥♥♥is attacking you. Examples: Invisible ""Hunters"" who can actually be animals and♥♥♥♥♥♥The wild animals alone make it ♥♥♥♥♥♥ to walk around in this beautiful places. Maybe it was bad luck, but I got attacked all the ♥♥♥♥ing time like out of nothing by an eagle or some♥♥♥♥♥♥The story is crap! You always have to be a snitch to play this game through. The story isn't interesting for me, I didn't even understand who I was fighting for.The performance is bad. I was able to run FC3 with my old♥♥♥♥♥♥pc, had to play FC4 on low♥♥♥♥♥♥settings, ugly as ♥♥♥♥!The world in this game looks actually pretty nice, but you can't reach the high mountains but thats what you really want to do first when you see them!I know, I will get a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of hate, but I can't recommend this game. I am glad FC5 will be something completely different."
,Recommended,298110,27852183,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Pimm,Pros-amazing co-op experience-pretty good story-evil villain-many guns-many explosions-many vehicles-many people to killcons-my friend threw a rock at me and i fell (ubisoft plz fix)
76561197995380154,Recommended,298110,29531220,Posted: 27 January,all,Hugh.Mungus1,"Summary: If you liked taking outposts in FC3 you will mostly like FC4 - but it won't be as good as FC3.The story is an annoyance to be tolerated while you try to get on with the game. Some radio masts (aka bell towers)  involve pixel perfect jumping.  REALLY! In this day and age! Jet Set Willy would be proud!  It's not bad, but it's not great either.The AI is frequently hilarious. AI will pretty much eliminate itself within a couple of days of self awareness if this game is anything to go by.You are probably reading this coz you have steam login, but you also need UBI account to play the game.  If you don't have it from FC3 I wouldn't bother to be honest.3/5"
76561198121798057,Recommended,298110,22461344,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,zombiehunter2800,This game is good when ever you have friends to play it with and when you have a great computer
76561198062938213,Recommended,298110,30471780,Posted: 12 March,all,Comrade nikkeri99,"I love when games have interesting villains and lot of options to choose from, and this game has those both. Has some bias instadeath moments that make you bit salty, but pays off with good gameplay and story. 8/10"
,Recommended,298110,34986407,Posted: 15 September,all,Pangju,"I bought this game after playing Far Cry 3, which I absolutely loved. I certainly was not disappointed after playing this game.I think I may have seen a couple reviews saying Far Cry 4 is just a fresh coat of paint slapped onto the last installment, and I can see why they might think that. But after briefly testing out Primal I can say that I'm glad they did do a sort of revamp on the last game instead of taking it in a different direction; amazing gameplay. A badass main character. A horrible yet extremely likeable and charismatic bad-guy. They took all of the great things from their most popular game and put it into this one, and they set it in a new, beautiful location - The Himalayas. What's not to like?That's not to say they didn't add new aspects to it. There's certainly a lot more to do, with a lot of mini-game-type aspects that riddle the map. Something else I noticed is there's a lot more decision-making possibilities than in the last game. A big part of the story is restoring the civilization of Kyrat to its non-totalitarian lifestyle - as to whether you restore it to its simple ways or push it in a 'competetive world power' direction, that's up to you.Whether you like Ubisoft or not, they do a great job with graphics and creating breathtaking and immersive environments, and in that regard you won't find this game wanting. As a general note here, if you've enjoyed the Far Cry series up to this point, you won't want to leave this game out of your collection."
,Not Recommended,298110,13035142,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,DG,"Unfortunately I cannot recommend this game as it stands. I really truly wish there was some sort of 'refund' option with PC games. It's such a shame too because ultimately there's a good game somewhere in here.The main issue is this being poorly optimized for PC. There are visual glitches and bugs galore. I've only played this for about 6 hours so far and can say that the majority of this time was spent trying to get the visuals to work properly so that I can actually see what I'm doing in the game. So far here are the issues I've personally run into on my current gaming rig with the latest drivers and having tested this game on all the different settings:- Missing TexturesStraight out of the gate, as soon as I made my way outside into the (supposedly) beautiful outdoors, there are missing textures, painting parts of the ground black. Reloading the save made these textures come back, only to find some others disappear later.- Black ShadowsThis is meant to be an HBAO+ issue with SLI setups. However I don't have an SLI setup. Changing the setting to SSAO doesn't fix this problem. It might for some people, but not here. At first I thought this must be an issue with the colour - maybe I needed to down the contrast and up the brightness? Not the case. Not sure what's causing this. At night time the game it is unplayable - you cannot see anything except for the silhouette of the tops of trees, the sky and the mountains.- Pixelated close-up shadows on all settingsNot sure why this is happening but the shadows do appear very pixelated on characters faces on all settings in cutscenes.- Dark skyMaybe this is the way the game is supposed to look, but I doubt it. The sky is a very dark blue, making the surrounding mountains and clouds appear very light in contrast during daytime and night time - which isn't a big deal. But it does appear quite strange and looks nothing like the screenshots of the ps4 and xbox one versions.- Water reflections turn purple.Again must be a missing texture problem.There's more issues I can list on here but I'm sure you get the general idea.This isn't a bad game. Most of these issues are not reflective of the gameplay or what is in here content-wise. And maybe there are people out there who won't mind these issues. But when you're paying the same amount of money for a PC version of a game (or in the case of us here in Australia, MORE money) which turns out to be an inferior version... the logical conclusion is don't spend your money on this game.Wait until all of this gets ironed out in patches and drivers updates if you really want to play this on PC. Otherwise get this game on a console. Or just don't."
76561198178984363,Not Recommended,298110,14576442,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,bluewolves78,i cant even load the game. i need help. i click it and absolutely nothing happens. i restarted my computer everything is updated. so what now i spent 60 on nothing.
,Recommended,298110,20718489,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Walter the Unhappy,love it
,Recommended,298110,15410362,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,nazee zamby patriarch,I wish I could just exist inside this game.
76561197988208715,Recommended,298110,30868678,Posted: 31 March,all,XNJLOZ,"Great open-world game... Tun of fun, but they outsourced the sh*t out of sound part of the game coz everyone sound like indians even though they are all asians... lmao"
76561198288962638,Not Recommended,298110,28193323,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,cdyk,"I have played support-ping-pong for several months trying to get savegames to actually get saved.After 14 turns back and forth between ubisoft support and me, where each iteration usually involved playing the start of the game a few times, it finally started to save my games.And now again, it bumped back to the old behaviour, all my progress lost.So, unless you really enjoy intro sequences and playing the same level over and over again, I wouldn't recommend this game to anyone until ubisoft fixes their broken cloud save or whatever that is broken."
76561198058200024,Not Recommended,298110,12999184,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Ramza²,Jerky graphics. Vomit. Please patch that sheet.
,Recommended,298110,28204075,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,IvarKorr,"I've always loved this game, I remember being so excited for this game to just release back in 2014!Even though the game looks quite identical to FC3 it's still a great game.-Graphics and Ambient were really wonderful it felt like I was visiting Nepal-Story was interesting, had plenty of background history, hard decisions to make and felt really deep-You recieve the wingsuit early which was good since FC3 you had to wait until you've completed half the campaign-Grappling hooks made it a bit easier to climb up to mountains-They added more weapons, special weapons and attachments which felt more improved then the last game-The Shangri La missions was very vibrant and creative and I Wish I could play them again-The Yogi and Reggie drug missions were funny and fun to play-Fortresses made it more fun and challenging to make you use strategic planning to take out the enemies stealthily or you just decided to go loud and just shoot everyone BANG BANG!-Shanath Arena was pretty nifty which gave you 3 options modes to just play 5 rounds, Endless or A specific weapon-They added more animals this time, you can ride an elephant and run around and be like a god and bash everyone and the rhino was kind of scary sometimes when they just come behind and attack.-Even if you have finished the game there is still a ton of side missions and other activities to finish!-The place felt really polished and embellished especially the North Part of Kyrat-Ajay Ghale was a pure badass and seemed like a cool guy. He was also a bit of a silent guy which I really didn't mind since it kinds of suit him in a way  (He had military training which explains why he is skilled)-Sabal was alright But Amita was a♥♥♥♥♥♥-Longinus was a hilarious religious African guy-Yuma was hot-Pagan Min was also a chill Hong Kong British dude with a combover haircut who didn't really seem bad after all but Vaas was still the awesome badassThe Game would have been truly truly truly truly perfect If you have the capability to roam in The HimalayasWell thats all I got to say about Far Cry 4, If you loved Far Cry 3 well of course you will love this game!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,298110,35195995,Posted: 24 September,all,Pepper_Roni,"Fun story and great action game.If you liked Far Cry 3 and wanted more, this is it!If you had enough of Far Cry 3 then move along."
,Recommended,298110,30461321,Posted: 11 March,all,Niko,I'm hunting humans with bows and sniping animals with rifles
,Recommended,298110,16626700,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Penthouse Pauper,"Great game so far. A bit like Far Cry 3 but thats a good thing. They got a lot of the little things right that make the game more fluid while moving and shooting. The rock climbing atribute is also welcomed. Only thing that gets me, is that every other animal is trying to kill you at all times. If it moves, kill it, becasue its probably gonna try to kill you.Head on a swivle folks, its gonna be a deadly ride!"
,Not Recommended,298110,13007873,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Over40HandJobs.com,"♥♥♥♥ this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game. Tree's and bushes glitch. Cant drive. boring. gay. glad i spent 4.5k on a computer for ""next gen"" games. Want to refund along with CoD AW. Hopefully Dragon Age isnt as ♥♥♥♥♥♥."
76561197975187756,Not Recommended,298110,13001049,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Mushy Snugglebites,No audio when I start the game. Never encountered this problem with other games
76561198022603399,Not Recommended,298110,13001068,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Jack,"As you can see I have 0.6 hours played,  every bit of that was me trying to log into the game.  I'm sure it's a great game if you can get it to run."
,Not Recommended,298110,13000729,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Anatolevich,"Where`s my license key? Ubisoft, burn in hell. Never buy your game in release day!"
76561198041920694,Recommended,298110,25642224,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Organic Faceplant,"Far Cry 3 on steroids, and opium too I suppose."
76561198039846944,Recommended,298110,14320766,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Redback,"Well, what to say? Quite an amazing game and not without distinct similarities to FC3 but, being part of a franchise that is to be expected. Definitely one well worth playing.Although I believe there are quick ways to complete the game, it took me some 80+hrs as I wanted to achieve and experience as much as possible the first time through. You are able to linger with endless side missions and activities and be entertained for hours on end and simply take in the scenery, which is limitless.The player is introduced to numerous new and I must say somewhat strange animals and will be constantly taken by surprise. An early experience I had was while simply trying to find my way around I was hit from behind and my screen was showing streaks of blood and all you heard was grunting and the thumping of the ground! Manageing to get away and turn round I saw a 'Rhino' heading directly at me and before I could take stock of the situation.......I was dead!!!!In the early parts you have nothing on board to stop one of these and as you need them for upgrades, it's best if you take them on later.Be prepared to 'Bitten' and 'Clawed' or' Stomped On' by every imagional creature possible from in front, behind, above and below as you can never relax. Oh, did I leave off being shot at constantly and/or run over (even by friendlies)!Things I did not particularly like is the reference and use of 'Drugs' once again, I see no need and I did not particularly like the missions associated. I must admit I did form a sort of warped sense of warmth towards 'Yogi and Reggie'...........Well, they are two dopeheads that really are harmless enough I guess but every mission you do for them can only be done after you have been doped to the eyeballs. The fact that I totally dissagree with any sort of 'Recreational Drugs' doesn't help, completely unnecessary considering the amount of other things you can do in the normal course of gameplay.Graphics are great, money is easy to accumulate (maybe even too easy), vehicles are mostly as per you would expect with the great introduction of riding elephants and using them to go into battle is a stroke of genious. But the best of all is the 'Buzzer', a small helicopter, gyrocopter, call it what you want. You can fly it almost anywhere and even engage bad guys from the air as well. Not only that you can sit back and enjoy the ride and the scenery....Beware of flying too high!Gameplay is a little crazy, by that I mean you don't really have a plan to follow or instructions of where to go or when to do it. This is intentional in as much as there are (4) different endings dependent on how you go about missions and which individuals you chose to support whilst performing said missions. The question.....""What do I do now""? Is one you will ask yourself often, I guess the more times you play, the simpler this will get. (Doesn't matter just keep doing what you want).The endings (bear in mind I have only completed once), well certainly the one I chose left me wanting. The word 'FIN' appeared and I said to myself....""Is that it'? For the first time (that I have seen anyway), is an option you have to 'Skip' the credits and I can only say that this is a good option. Then though, you appear back in the game as if nothing has ended at all, I went everywhere looking for something I missed but no, that was it! I now have re-activated the outposts and am going through them one by one. Next move will be to buy and download the 'DLC's' and start again.This is a great game and I would rate it 8.5/10 and excellent value for money.Check out my screenshots for an idea of what to expect.....Happy gaming."
76561198127722051,Recommended,298110,31511902,Posted: 2 May,all,Reecka Lorule,"Ah, Kyrat. You were so beautiful.First things first, seriously, Kyrat is probably one of my most favourite locations in a video game ever. It's fascinating, interesting, a little surreal and oh so pretty. Unfortunately there is a sort of civil war going on and the king is mad. Or so they say. Is Pagan Min really the bad guy? I guess you decide.You play as Ajay Ghale. A young man who grew up in the USA and who knows practically nothing about his ''homeland'' or the things going on there. Your mother fled with you from Kyrat only for you now to return to fulfill her last wish: ''Take me back to Lakshmana.'' Luckily you're already trained in combat because the situation you find yourself in almost immediately from the start couldn't be worse. Anyway, let's skip to the choosing a leader part.Amita or Sabal? Well, I'm not going to say too much, but I'm not too positive about choosing either really. Depending on who you pick some quests may differ though.It's an open world, free to explore. Hunt animals, pluck herbs, blow stuff up, infiltrate enemy outposts, take over bell towers, conquer fortresses and destroy propaganda. Take on a lot of sidequests: rescue hostages, defuse bombs, hunt for supplies, take part in armed escorts and help preparating for the Kyrat fashion week. If you're in for it you can also collect masks of Yalung, spin prayer wheels, find lost letters and pieces of your father's diary. And don't forget to progress the main story in the meantime.There are many greatly interesting characters like Noore and her arena, Yogi and Reggie and their drug trips, Longinus with his diamonds, Paul ''De Pleur'' Harmon, Yuma, Rabi Ray Rana with his broadcasts, Willis Huntley and of course Pagan Min if only to name a few. Some of which I love and others I do not like so much.Combat is great because you can fight any way you want to. There are a lot of weapons to choose from and there are many possibilities. Use the skill tree to develop your own fighting style.Last but not least there is Shangri-La. It's an amazing break from the main story in another beautiful cruel world. You should really go there if you have the chance.Explore and progress quests to discover the true motives behind everything. Who can you trust? Who is really on your side and what exactly are they fighting for? It's worth finding out for yourself."
,Recommended,298110,33156263,Posted: 2 July,all,Prophet,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ this game is great!
,Recommended,298110,18397235,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Death,"See my review of Far Cry 3.Most of my opinions on the previous installments remain unchanged, despite the better game play and graphics.Notes:1. Much larger than Far Cry 3. Flat, unmemorable story, and a hilarious villain.2. Graphics: Leave the NVIDIA preset alone. Nvidia gameworks kills GPU performance, even on Nvidia's older GPUs and AMD's GPUs prior to GCN 1.2. Hilariously, the Tonga-based AMD Radeon HD 285 performs better than the older, more powerful R9 290 in some presets ( as it has better tesselation performance that Nvidia Gameworks relies on at trashing it's competition).3. This game isn't worth anywhere close to $50. Buy it only when  it's on sale. It's a FAR cry from Far Cry 3."
,Recommended,298110,19366205,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Katana,"A lot of fun in the same vein as Far Cry 3. The storyline is not quite as strong, but it might have been irritating to go through the same routine as Jason Brody. Some of the side weapons like bows, the wingsuit, C4, and proximity mines, are a lot more fun to use than the basic assault weaponry. The game even does proper stealth where a far-off explosion does not give the enemies full knowledge of your position, and just leaves them confused and searching. Be careful about simply going with the easiest weaponry (you can get a lot done with just a handheld grenade launcher and a helicopter) as you may quickly bore yourself. Go the challenging route!Co-op is a great addition, although the netcode is not often perfect. Be careful about using explosive arrows while in a co-op session - I encountered a glitch where switching to your explosive arrows causes one to automatically be taken from your extras (so switching back and forth causes arrows to disappear into nowhere)"
,Not Recommended,298110,13296675,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,MalcolmPhoenix,"My first game review! If you would like to spend 60 dollars to be an unpaid beta tester for Ubisoft, buy this game!"
,Not Recommended,298110,14455577,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Troik,"was really looking forward to this game. I played it shortly on PS4 and couldn't wait to see it in all it's glorious detail on PC.First I noticed that the performance was sub-par and a quick check showed that even with Patch 1.08 and the latest Nvidia driver (347.52)  that came out just 2 days ago with fixes for Far Cry 4, the SLI performance is bad and most of the computing is done by one card.And the nail in the coffin for me was that the game doesn't properly support 16x10 resolutions, which is ridiculous. The result is you get 16x9 with black bars.Thanks for spending a whole afternoon on this ""PC"" release Ubisoft Montreal.Now I regret spending 40$ on this."
,Not Recommended,298110,13000959,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Iste,"Horrible PC mouse controls, don't buy. I was stupid to buy it Day 1 since it's a Ubisoft game but I hadn't heard anything bad about the mouse controls. Mouse Acceleration can't be disabled despite there being an option in the menu for it. Apparently some people have had luck editing the XML files but I tried that and the mouse issues are still there. I'm sure you'd think it was very fun if you liked Far Cry 3, but since the controls are broken, you won't have any fun at all.Absolutely avoid it until there is a hotfix, the game is unplayable right now."
,Recommended,298110,13094232,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Traeger,"It's a worthy sequel to Far Cry 3, but not quite as good. The creative story definitely has it's moments, and contains a good amount of choices you will have to make. The overall gameplay is extremely similar to 3, liberate outposts, radio towers, and spread the uprising. If you liked 3, you will most likely enjoy 4.8/10"
76561197969335922,Not Recommended,298110,13411971,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,wC.Decoy,Fix the damn sound bug.  Twice now my game sound has stopped working.  Whether in surround or stereo I can't hear 1/2 the game sounds.  Really getting annoying having to restart the game to get the sound to work again.
,Recommended,298110,13840940,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,[FG]potato stick,"Far Cry 4 offers a great open world experience. Jam packed with places to explore and things to collect; I found myself investing 48 hours into the game to reach 100% completion. I had the most fun liberating outposts with a friend on a gyrocopter. The story isn't nearly as good as FC3, but it still kept me interested enough to complete it. FC4 contains loads of different firearms that are unlocked by completing story missions and challenges. The only disappointment is that the best ones are only unlocked very close to the end of the game!Pros:- great co-op +1- great open world +3- good gunplay + 2- beautiful graphics +2- great exploration +2Cons:- underwhelming story -1- some annoyingly recycled missions -0.5Overall Grade: 8.5/10"
76561197997753821,Recommended,298110,23473218,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Churlic,I love this game! It's even better playing with a friend. Too bad it's only two player.
,Recommended,298110,19364132,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Loz38,"After playing 11 hours straight. I can successfully say this game is amazing. So much to do, So many quests, so much to explore. I honestly cannot get enough of this game! It's just as great as the 3rd. If not better, it has so much happening it will keep you entertained for hours and hours"
,Not Recommended,298110,13090897,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,forane410,Not until many bugs are fixed.
76561198048755692,Not Recommended,298110,12999501,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Mothra,"This game is not bad,but sound only 2.0 like in watchdogs,so i won't play of couse.I jast don't understand why ubisoft doing this? Now no more reson for me buy their games,they always failer."
,Recommended,298110,32954836,Posted: 28 June,all,kromid,better than far cry 3
,Not Recommended,298110,25038980,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,[LEO] Megan_Meegoo,"Bad Things First: This game is Basically Far Cry 3 with new characters new additions and a new location and new story. Its kind of like a Far Cry 3 Expansion Pack. Its really boring for this reason and there are a TON of Grapical issues the story sucks and the voice acting is bad. Your Character AJ is basically a Clone of Jason from Far Cry 3 they act exactly alike litterly the only difference between the two is Cosmetic. Same with Pagin and Vaas Different Bodies but act the same. The Multiplayer is Dead the CO-OP Feature does improve the gameplay a little bit but not by much. When you are playing CO-OP You are Limited the Activities and missions your allowed to do. The Singleplayer story is completley restricted when you have a co-op buddy with you as well as other things.Good Things: Hunting Has been Completely Overhauled with a new system and its more realistic like when I hunted a bear or a tiger it took over 3 Magazines to Kill em and killing the more Ferocious animals like the Rhino with a Bow is almost impossible you will never have enough bows to kill you. With the Bow if you do Kill an animal with it you will notice that the animal doesnt drop instantly it will run for sometime and you will find it dead somewhere follow the blood trail. The Player is given the option to Use Bait to attract animals to there location if there are any animals near you. This feature can be good and bad. Yep you guessed it, If you use the wait and it attracted Predators such as Tigers and your to close to the bait u will be attacked and potentially Mauled. The Bait is good for like if your raiding an Outpost you scatter bait all over then a Rhino and Lion will show up and kill everyone in the outpost for you. But of course if you wanna use it for the devs intended use then you can use it in a hunting area to lure in your desired Prey. Elephants have been added to the game which the player can Ride but not without the use of a fairly expensive Skill point. The player can ride the elephant and Trample Enemies and even dash right through vehicles very easily. However the downside to this is that the elephant can also attack you if the enemies release it and kill the elephant is a ♥♥♥♥♥ because you can fire like 3 RPGs at it and the elephant is still running around going crazy.This game may just MAYBE Worth it but not until the price goes way WAY down to like 29.99$ or something 60 Dollars is not even close to what this game is worth its planets apart from that its worth haha. But just remember if you are crazy enough to buy this at this price just remember that your basically buying a Far Cry 3 Expansion Pack."
,Recommended,298110,25443304,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,[DLR]Firefly,"If you liked FC3, you will like FC4.  I liked FC3, so I liked this game."
76561198067278758,Recommended,298110,14397618,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,FuzzyPooka,"Far Cry 4, like it's immediate predecessor, is a explosive, crazy, action-packed murder romp through another exotic location. It's greatest strength, sheer abundance of insane situations that occur, is also lifted straight from Far Cry 3. They're nearly identical, with all the faults and gameplay nitpicks of 3 being addressed. But for some, this is also FC4s greatest weakness. It's glorified DLC. Ultimately, your purchase is determined by one factor. Do you want more Far Cry!? Thankfully, I did.Story: Welcome to Kyrat, an ancient Himalayan country torn apart by a civil war between it's despotic self-acclaimed King, Pagan Min; and the Golden Path. You are Ajay Ghale, returning to his barely-remembered homeland. Son of rebel leader Mohan Ghale, you will lead the fight against King Pagan Min, another amazing Far Cry villain. Like Vaas, but with a wry sense of humor, and spiffy pink suit; his unfortunate underutilization is one of the games downsides. We want more Min! Unlike Jason Brody, Ghale has no aversion to killing, no story of callusing. He's a blank paramilitary badass slate, a whiteboard for the player to impose themselves on, doesn't talk much, which is a blessing. Through a fairly intriguing storyline, you will decide the fate of Kyrat and direction of the Golden Path, through a series of choices. Do you save captured soldiers, or leave them to their fate to retrieve intel? Your choice has the illusion of consequence, and it works quite well. I cared about the characters, adored MIn (not so much his lieutenants) and the various moral dilemmas  had me deep in thought for a few minutes. Perfectly satisfactory.Presentation: Beautiful. Sweeping wooded valleys, soaring mountain vistas, sun tinted water, the forest and steppe environments are breathtaking and gloriously realised with perfect background audio. Birds chirping, water lapping, prayer flags flapping in a swirling breeze. Wildlife from bears to honey badgers stalk their prey and yourself. Himalayan tundras are appropriately desolate and panther filled, this game is awe-inspiring and immersing. A well realised menu theme scatters colorful prayer dust across your settings menu. Supplemented by perfect voice acting, and crisp and shattering gunshots and explosions, the entire package is wrapped up in a exciting dubstep/Nepalese score, truly realising the setting. Welcome to Kyrat, and good luck setting down the controller.Gameplay: See Far Cry 3.Kidding.Utilise a massive suite of weapons, ranging from rapid fire MG42 machine guns, volatile flamethrowers, devastating RPGs, workhorse AK47s to hi-tech Vector 45. ACP submachine guns, roaring magnum revolvers and explosive shotguns. Objective? Hunt animals to upgrade your equipment (3 bear skins= 1 extra weapon holster?). Scavenge herbs to craft health and sensory potions. Mostly, kill the soldiers of Min's Royal Army. Enemy types vary from standard 'duck in cover and spray' infantry, hulking heavy machine gunners with no regards for personal safety, bloodthirsty melee berzerkers, and elite snipers and stealthy hunters of Min's Royal Guard. Enemy AI is capable and brutal, expect calculated assaults and stalwart sieges from Min's troops. Utilize an incredibly realized stealth system, distracting guards, sneakily picking off stragglers with suppressed weapons and bows, and leaping into brutal melee kills and streaks, all without tripping the alarm. Like FC3, 4 has a brilliant and receptive FPS mechanics, firefights are exciting and harrowing, stealth is difficult but ever-so-rewarding. Plus, they finally added vehicle combat. Aside from all the killing, discover the awesome open world of Kyrat, takeover outposts, climb towers (ubisoft...), creep through caves, pursue side quests, etc. It's great. Even more so by the unpredictable nature of the DUNIA engine, firefights are often interrupted by animal attacks, Golden Path reinforcement. I've been hunting deer, and gotten ambushed by a pack of honey badgers, who are fleeing Royal Army soldiers blasting them from vehicle mounted machine guns. Chaos!Technical: I'm running a GTX 760 and FX6300, alongside 8GB of RAM. Ran consistently at 60fps, at high and medium alternating settings, with AA on low. If you wanna run this on ultra, 8xAA, HBA0+; expect needing some serious hardware. But, even for mid range PCs, FC4 will run like a charm. It's just as beautiful on medium, I assure you. Occasional glitches pop up, but pop in is minimal, and  textures across the board are superb. This isn't Unity, fear not.In conclusion, Far Cry 4 is a rewarding, and downright fun experience. I enjoyed every second of shenanigans, and the story was more than satisfactory. Plus, you can fool around in co-op with a friend! If you enjoyed Far Cry 3, I absolutely recommend Far Cry 4. If you haven't played Far Cry 3, what the hell are you waiting for!?!?See you in Kyrat!"
,Not Recommended,298110,22085301,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Nomad,Just like FC3.. but with Elephants. I cant see how anyone is willing to pay full price for a FarCry3 reskin with a couple of additions.
,Recommended,298110,13097498,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Muldjord,Pigs do fly
,Not Recommended,298110,13374457,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Burnapolis,I paid like $65 for a game I cant play. Computer well exceeds Recommended requirements.Want money back or a fix for black screen start up.I recommend getting rid of the third party launch bullcrap. Would be alot more stable.
,Not Recommended,298110,12998921,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,sku,steam launches uplay which launches steam. torrent it and save the headache.
,Not Recommended,298110,13030804,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,HARD,Black screen so for the moment this game is unplayable even with the patch 21.11.2014
76561197960706863,Not Recommended,298110,13013969,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Mattness,"Just google ""Far Cry 4 mouse acceleration"" Its bad... dont waste the money."
76561197961345022,Not Recommended,298110,13371299,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,KeefeUp,"I like the base game, but if you look at my screen shots the game didn't run right for the first month.  Then they fixed the graphical issues but now its crashing every single time I play.  I need to learn my lesson about these guys.  This game is a good idea, but they paid for the idea, they don't really know how to pull it off, I don't think."
,Not Recommended,298110,25053387,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Cattail,"This game was sold as CO-OP with second player able to drop in at any time. What the store page doesn't explain is that it locks away story missions and only allows to free roam and capture bases etc. As the game is mechanically almost identical to Far Cry 3, CO-OP was the only selling point for me.Not Recommended"
76561197971075856,Not Recommended,298110,13011314,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,DuckPuppy[em],"Ubisoft...really...get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together! What the hell is wrong with your QA-Department (if you have any...)? This game refuses to start (crashing after the splashscreen right after hitting the Play-button) because i have a f**ing Razer Orbweaver plugged in... This thing is nothing more than a small keyboard! Even disabling the Razer Synapse-Software doesn´t fix the issue.After you get it to run, you discover that Mouse Acceleration is On by default and can´t be disabled, even if the Menu says it´s off.Talking about Acceleration...what kind of Graphics Acceleration Card(s) would you need to get a good perfomance out of this game? Would 4 GTX980 do? Well, i could only afford one, and it isn´t doing the job (on 1920x1080). Random FPS-Drops way below 60 fps, than shooting back up to above 60, and down it goes again...what the hell? And what´s with all that stuttering that causes me to crash my vehicles in time critical missons over and over again? GNNNARRHHH!!Is it a good game? Sure! If you liked Far Cry 3, you will have a hell of a lot of fun with this one. It looks beautiful, it conveys the feeling of the island even better than it´s predicessor...but in the current state, it´s just barely playable with way to many (gamebraking) bugs, which is inexcusable coming from a developer/publisher like Ubisoft...but i think they already know that.P.S.: Yes, i am running the game on the latest patch with the all the latest drivers for my system. Just so you know :)"
,Recommended,298110,18933286,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,ysarts ✔,"Far Cry - a big series in the gaming industry, but what's behind the 4th part of the glorious FPS? Let's find out!As a previous Far Cry player, Far Cry 4 blew my mind. I'm the sandbox-type 'a guy, and I had a lot of fun playing this game.Since I haven't really gotten into the story very much yet, I'll leave that part out. Anyways, it's a Ubisoft game, as expected the mechanics... mostly stayed the same... but that's okay, it's a pretty solid engine!Whether you're out hunting random animals to forfill your crafting dreams, conquering towers, exploring the map, driving around - it gets hardly boring... surprisingly! I found myself just driving around the map for a few hours, hunting animals, rescuing random people, running into random quests... it somewhat reminded me of the Elder Scrolls Series, which is surprising for me as TES is one of my all time favorite series.A lot of customization is behind the glorious world of Kyrat, for you to make your perfect adventure, combat or hunting kits. I was in love with the animal AI, as well as obviously the graphics! I heard alot about performance issues, but fortunately I never experienced anything like that (I will list my specs below)! I was very satisfied with the game, and definetely recommend it.9/10#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorGTX 980i7 4790k @ 3,9ghz32GB Vengeance RAMCooler Master V8120GB SSD + 3TB ext."
,Not Recommended,298110,12997219,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Fobo,"♥♥♥♥ing piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥uPlay Server down all day, can't play this ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,298110,12999738,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Pete McDete,Like skyrim with huns
,Recommended,298110,14151270,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Archon,"After I played far cry 3 then I play 4, the game has feels strange a bit but you will go in atmosphere quickly.+ Elephants+ Sidearms like auto-crossbow and mini grenade launcher+ Helicopter+ Choosable paths- Multi-action buttons- Long mission Checkpoints- Lots of side activities drive away you from story- Weak characters except Pagan MinIf you like fps/action games and ofcourse if you like farcry you must buy the game.9/10"
76561198069909969,Not Recommended,298110,13023015,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Harmless Noob,"I bought this game on the day of the release with high hopes, but I am thoroughly disappointed.  It is hard to overlook the dozens of bugs and the sheer number of these bugs make the game unplayable.  This game is a big failure by Ubisoft and others involved in the development of the game.Although future patches may fix the fatal flaws of the game, it is unlikely that those who cared enough about the game to purchase it on the day of the release would forget hwo the developers dropped the ball.  Two thumbs down, way down for the developers."
,Not Recommended,298110,13025452,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,pooley,"Dont purchase.. $110 for a black screen isnt worth it these days.Save your money and turn your monitor off.. gives the same effect just without the ""not responding"" error message.,"
76561198015573304,Not Recommended,298110,13019309,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Arkiren,"Ubisoft disapointing me at this year... Watch Dogs, than AC:U...and now FC4.... work on optimisation pls..."
76561197979223976,Recommended,298110,14184913,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Nuclear Revolution,1. Watch opening scene.2. Stand still for 15 mins.3. ???
,Recommended,298110,13044097,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Camouflaged Cow,"Just. Amazing.Pros:-Just like Far Cry 3-The guns have been improved with some new and welcome ones-The story, while not being as tense as Far Cry 3's was wonderful-Troy Baker's voice (Pagan Min, he also plays Joel in the Last of Us, the Joker in Batman games, and plenty other roles)-The world is a lot more alive with more activities to complete (A completionist's paradise)-RIDABLE ELEPHANTS-The challenge it offers at certain parts of the game (I personally played and beat FC4 on Normal)-The characters are well-voice acted, well lip-synced, and have all very unique personalities-The choices in the main game allow you to follow Sabal or Amita's decisions (I went all out Sabal)-The Arena, an interesting place where players can fight animals and the Royal Army-CO-OP (#1 Most Requested Feature) IS FINALLY HERE! THIS IS A BIG SELLING POINT!-OPEN-WORLD-The gadgets, like the Grappling Hook and Ziplines-Fortresses (and Outposts), which are like Outposts but a LOT HARDER-Continued support and missions via the Season Pass, which promises 2 more campaigns along with a few Day 1 bonus missions-The environment is BEAUTIFUL and detailed-The LONG Campaign. It took me about 20 hours to beat it, so I'd average 16-24 hours depending on difficulty. That's a LONG campaign. (Compared to Call of Duty)-Keys of Kyrat. While only avaliable on the PlayStation 3 and PlayStation 4, it gives you 10 keys to invite a friend into a Co-op game even if he doesn't own the game. It lasts 2 hours per key and you can kick the other person out whenever you want. (MUAHAHAHAHA)-Battles of Kyrat. The ""Multiplayer"" mode of this game. It adds some cool gamemodes, like Outpost, where a team defends an outpost while the other attacks. Demon's Mask, which is like a Capture the Flag, and Propaganda. Also, the Teams are a LOT different. One of them are the Golden Path. They have wepaons, vehicles, and mortars. The other, Pagan's Special Forces, which use Teleportation, Bows and Arrows, and even SPAWNING IN EAGLES, BEARS, AND TIGERS. They also use Elephants as their main vehicle of transport.Cons:-Lag if you don't have a (Educated guess) GeForce GTX 780+ (So I recommend it for consoles due to reliability and framerate)-No promised ""Blood Dragon"" like DLC, but the 2 promised Campaigns make up for it-When it ends. ;(Rating:10/10Far Cry Fans (Like me):9000/10It's EASILY worth the $60.00 price tag, heck, even the $120.00 one of the Kyrat Edition, which I'm planning to buy for the PS4."
76561197968267399,Recommended,298110,22199322,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Rocket Collector ®,"Well being from India you cant stop and laugh at this game as to how cliched it is..yet you cant stop and marvel too as to how amazingly accurate it is at certain things. The game is amazing. At no point of time do you feel..wtf am I doing...its great...only wish was there was a little less animal killing, i mean its India..people are sensitive about it."
76561198029271827,Not Recommended,298110,13050134,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,StanTheDanMan,"Crashes a ton, if you fast travel you will randomly spawn in a void and have to restart, doesn't save the first 3 times you tell it to, etc. WAIT FOR A NEW PATCH. Do not buy in current state"
,Recommended,298110,22113427,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,yungdutch,Far Cry Primal for half the price!
,Recommended,298110,21499049,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,!MAD! IGOR KAZIMIR farmskins.com,"This game is awesome.+ Great graphic+ very good looking weapons especially flamethower!+ Nice physics of burning grass ( Ye far cry 2 and 3 had this choice too)+ Story, im not big fan of story games, I don´t play games for story, because im almost multiplayer player. but ye, it´s ok in here.+The freedom is so huge, it's reminiscent of Just Cause 2 little bit. (There are 2 parts of the map, the second part you will unlock by completing main missions. It´s still so huge)+ The content .... There is much things you can to do, craft, hunt ouposts or some higher fortresses, hunt animals for skins you need to craft some upgrades for you guns, inventory, ammo, etc. side missions, secrets where you can find some good stuff - money! much money!+ The coop - you can play this game in coop you and your friend so max 2 players, but it´s still ton of fun... Warning: in Coop mode you can´t play main story, just some side missions or hunt more difficult outposts (fortresses). So don´t buy it, if you want play this game only in coop. But still there is much to do with your friend!+ The editor ( Same choice to create your own map like in FC 3)+ Optimization - for my first 16 hours I still didn´t noticed some larger drops of fps. In some areas i got FPS drop under 60, but it was still very well playable! Everything Ultra almost 70 - 80 fps with my Gtx 970 + I5 6400 8 GB ram DDR3.Con:Why con instead of cons? Because there is just one.....- Ye it´s Uplay, usually happens to me if i want play the game, it is still sending message to me, your acc is blocked for 10 minutes for repeatedly bad login even though i wasn´t try to log in there... So WTF UBISOFT, Delete your♥♥♥♥♥♥Uplay and leave it just for steam.. Thanks. BTW: after 10 minutes still it was sending this message to me, so i had to wait  around 30 minutes i could get into game. Great.7/10 (-3) Just for uplay and little bit poor Coop."
,Recommended,298110,24343273,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Jared,"It's like Far Cry 3, but with co-op.The game's campaign is more of a ""joke""than a serious bussiness.It's really fun and the weapons are great. The game is in free mode most of the time which meansit has few glitches and bugs. One of the most annyoing things in the game is the wingsuitthat is completely broken and can get you killed easily.The story itself is kinda weak, too quick and little worse than FC3's. Overall the gameplay is smooth, fun and really enjoyable, especially in co-op with your friend. Now there's 4 new ""outposts"" called fortresses that belong to Pagan and his associates. It's heavilly fortified and well guarded, but more fun than outposts, as every fortress has different ways of approaching for both stealth and loud styles of attack. The main villain is really funny, because he speaks to you like a son while you're killing soldiers and his associates in front of his eyes. On the other hand, the game is a bit glitchy sometimes and  wingsuit ruins the fun most of the times......Besides, this game is worth it's price and lasts for long, thanks to Map Editor that makes you dosomething when you're bored of Kyrat.8/10"
76561198061910240,Recommended,298110,14603504,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Reedy 777s,GETTING THIS GAME TO RUN CROSSFIRE FOR 4K WAS A BIT OF GANGERINE IN THE BALLS. BUT FINALLY RUNNING OVERALL GOOD GAME WORTH  A PLAY THOUGH
,Recommended,298110,21394471,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Kem,"one of the best game series of the century, similar to far cry 3. completely different story though and a great game to play. will definitely be getting primal if it is half as good as this"
76561198070149410,Recommended,298110,21200431,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,PopTart,One of my top ten games...
76561198118605070,Recommended,298110,15134277,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,BLOODlessRVC420,"Well I am very impressed by the gameplay however You do need a powerful PC if you want to run this game at full settings. I can run medium to high settings at around 25-30 FPS using the X51 i3 by Alienware but ultra you tend to get some lag. The new nvidia graphic make this game look just great as well. I bought this game upon release and wanted to wait for all the DLC to be released before I typed this review. Let's start with the campaign. The story line was not as good as FC3 but was still good in my opinion. I only played though the campaign once and only plan on doing it once. It was long and the cut scenes could not be passed. You had no choice but to watch witch I hate to do while gameing. You can take different paths while playing the side of the golden path. You have a dude and a chick, the chick wants to defeat the royal army by anymeans and the dude want to defeat them by playing by the rules and doing the right thing. These two different views crash together and you are left to pick a side on the side you are already fighting for. I helped Amita out more in hopes she would give some ♥♥♥♥♥ to AJ But that selfish ♥♥♥♥♥ only thought of her self. O ya and I killed Min at the end also. I could not wait to kill his gay♥♥♥♥♥ You also have a whole host of side missions from hunting to delivering good to the golden path. The arena mode is really fun too. Endless waves of animals and troops give you somthing els to do. Ever since the first FC I have been hoping for a helicopter to fly around in and three titles later I finally got it.....the buzzer woopty♥♥♥♥♥♥♥doo. This thing suck cant fly to the top of a mountain for♥♥♥♥♥♥ The multi player was ok nothing great but it has it's moments. you choose a merc or a supernatural hunter that has the ability to call upon animals and magic. Since the hunters only get a bow but have invisibility when crouched the mercs get all the guns and the gamepay can get pretty fun. Escape from Durgesh DLC was good I am currently in the top 500 and wanting more. The valley Of the Yetis was the last of the DLC and not as good as Blood dragon but another great game in its self. Killing yetis is a blast. My favorite part of the game is and always will be the map editor. Creating maps is what I do best ;) 9/10"
76561198170038846,Recommended,298110,27528205,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Sgt. Pepper,Couldn't think of someone who needs a hug more than Pagan.(Steam Awards 2016)
76561198094311105,Recommended,298110,15540718,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Danny™,These annoying civil war fighters kept getting in the way of my Elephant flamethrower hunting.still rate 11/10
,Recommended,298110,14766066,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,DetectiveFox,"Far Cry 4 is a great FPS with a decent story, and a great free roam game. You'll have a great time playing especially playing with friends."
76561198045973416,Not Recommended,298110,13057438,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,stormshadow8,"Black Screen and Save Game issues = game unplayable.  Worked until about 8%, now have to stop playing until fix is released because no progress gets saved and black screen crash if trying to play any storyline."
76561197971628966,Not Recommended,298110,13060270,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Abradolf Lincler,"What a joke! Save your money folks.  I paid for the gold edition and I can't even launch the game.  Vote with your wallets, I should have read the reviews first, don't support the release of unfinished games - this isn't supposed to be a paid beta."
,Not Recommended,298110,13101975,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Sloth of Justice,"This game is essentially a Far Cry 3 expansion, just with a weaker story. Pick it up if it's on sale, otherwise just play Far Cry 3."
76561198165695620,Not Recommended,298110,13174479,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,tristan.horne,Super dissapointed in the developers of Far Cry 4. I cant eve n launch the game. It starts to load then closes with a fatal error stating there was an APPCRASH. I've gotten the most recent patch and am waiting on the next one. I should've know better I suppose. PC Gamers seem to be put on the backburner now days and console gamers are front row. I cant write much of a review since I cant even load the game.HP Pavilion dv6Intel core i7 2.0 ghz6gb ramAMD Radeon HD 6700
76561198112665745,Not Recommended,298110,13108107,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Jugulator,"The story line and game wasnt good, Im dissapointed waiting so much and pre-ordering gold pack then at the end all I have in my hands is a game with optimizasion and story failure"
,Not Recommended,298110,13064531,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Luun,"As of 12/8/14 they patched the game and fixed the mouse acceleration issues that had ruined the game for me.  Now I get to play it and see how much I actually like the game.Edit: A few hours in, and the game is fun.  But I can't recommend this game while it still crashes to desktop so often.  Sometimes when you die, sometimes just randomly, the game will crash to desktop and hopefully...when you start it up again, you didn't lose much progress..."
76561198025585959,Not Recommended,298110,13080091,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Driver,"It's a rebranded Far Cry 3 with, believe it or not, a worse story, terrible stability, and unacceptable Uplay integration. If you so much as touch the game while loading up through the gratuitous loading advertisements, it will CTD. If you look at it the wrong way, it will CTD.If I spend $90 on a video game, I better be able to play it when I want and have the time, not play ""Far Cry 4 has stopped working"" roulette when I load it up. It was a mistake for me to preorder.Ajay Ghale is boring, boring, boring. He has no character, is essentially a yes man to whatever is put before him. Jason Brody at least has to save his spoiled friends from being sold into slavery, and skirts the line between hero and crazed homocidal maniac.I also remember that I've been spoiled by Ziggy's Mod in FC3. To log into FC4 and see the ugly HUD and unrealistic gun limitations (really, I can only have a silencer OR a scope? Once I put on one of these the other doesn't work? That's idiotic).I also bought this with the first day DLC, and that's on me, but it's certainly not worth $20 for a few guns and missions when the game as a whole suffers. Wait until Ziggy or someone else drops a mod for this game and then play it. Hopefully in a few months the stability and Uplay integration will be sorted out.Dry story. Lame gun limitations. Ubisoft--a swing and a miss.UPDATEThe game randomly CTDs, is always the top window, preventing you from tabbing out to use other programs, and uplay is of course buggy as all hell. Play something else."
,Not Recommended,298110,13099678,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,GeT_HiGh,"Needs hotfix for performance and stuttering issues, unplayable. (i5 4670 + gtx 760 oc)"
76561197971295118,Not Recommended,298110,13134335,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Graybeanz,"Overall I love Far Cry 4, but I've reached a point in the game that quite a few other people (check both Ubisoft and Steam forums) have also experienced where the game won't continue into Act 3.    Act 2 ends, screen goes black (won't say why) and then it just sits there and nothing happens.   If you dare to force close the game when you come back you won't be able to continue any more campaign missions,  no minimap, weapon slots won't save,  and no health bar.   Game is unplayable beyond this point.  I've spent some 30+ hours up to this point in the game and now I can't progress.    Sorry - can't recommend this to anyone."
,Not Recommended,298110,13174085,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,what,Farcry3 with a new map and Graphics upgrades
,Not Recommended,298110,13083068,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,XTwistedSinX,♥♥♥♥ you ubisoft
76561198164335494,Not Recommended,298110,13141696,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,blakester1oo1,I HAVE WINDOWS 8.1 AND THIS  GAME IS EXTREAMLY GLITCHY IT UNPLAYABLE IT SUCKS SO BAD 60 BUCKS GONE .TALK  TO ME IF YOU HAVE THE SAME PROBLEM.
,Recommended,298110,13842606,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,SethCorps,Great Graphics. Worth the buy. Chipotle Gang Chicago.
76561197972729524,Recommended,298110,13002334,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Perus_TC,"It is early in the process but,I wanted to share my early thoughts on this one.It is a lot like FC3....that is a good thing in my book.It seems that a lot of players with newer machines are having performance issues....ie....stuttering,mouse problems etc.I have a 6 year old Q9650 and it runs fine on my GTX470.Of course I don't have to be able to see a bears eye lashes at 200 yards either.The story is excellent and so far the game play is good for ME.The vehicles handle about the same as before and the characters are interesting.I like the mountainous and snowy terrain a lot.The weapon system seems to work a little easier and the upgrades are fine.To repeat.....the machine I use runs this game well....not perfect.Anyone with a GTX 5-9 shoudn't be having many issues if it is a game problem.It is unfortunate that the industry concentrates on hardware instead of players.I know MANY more gamers privately that own 3-7 year old machines that have few issues with games period.So far the game is as expected .....very good ....I will update if things change for the better or worse.Edit:I am guessing that I am about a third of the way through the game and I MUST say I am having a blast.There is a LOT more content.The game is much more frenetic than the last one.For instance if you aren't paying attention when sniping you will get chewed on by any number of animals(which are far more aggressive and numerous).There are far more random incursions to earn rep etc.The copter is a blast to use as long as you don't go to high and stay there.(You will go boom)The story updates are not stationary and you have to play the game to get to Story missions which I find awesome.I heartily recommend this game to anyone fond of the last one.10\10"
76561198028293296,Recommended,298110,16428186,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Fearless Franky,A great open world with awesome graphics. It is really great to search this huge world with a friend.
,Recommended,298110,15477366,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,f.,would r8 8/8 m8
,Recommended,298110,25091351,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,James.,A Really good Game yes its like far cry 3 but there is so much more to be completed in the game after you have completed the campaign you still have a lot more to continue on would recommend to anyone looking for a good game to chill on 10/10
76561198026314362,Recommended,298110,25283752,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Warshrike,"Awesome games, i only came into farcry at num 3. 4 has not disappointed at all. Only gripe i have with 4 is certain lvls where u get swarmed with respawning enemies that dont stop. To heal u have to slow to a crawl while you are being hammered from all sides with 0 cover. I don't find this kind of lazy level development enjoyable it just pisses me off. I do not want to ruin the story for any new players so i won't describe the particular missions in depth. The missions are the Shangralar ones especially the last one. Was totally enjoying myself until that last mission. Overall tho a execelent addition to the farcy series and i will be going onto Primal when i finish 4. I recommend this game to anyone."
76561198107656093,Recommended,298110,29048062,Posted: 5 January,all,tjketo,far better coop than 3
,Recommended,298110,28879441,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,srsasquatchftw,Step 1: KillStep 2: See step 1
76561198024192501,Recommended,298110,33026934,Posted: 30 June,all,Darth Brandon,"Pros:-Good Graphics-C freakin' 4-CRAB RANGOON!!!!!!-Decent Frames Per Second on an average rig-Nice story and voice acting-new and very enticing characters such as Amita, Pagan Min, and Noore-CRAB RANGOON!!!!!!-Monkeys that are more attractive than you and are there only to make you feel bad-Large open world with a lot to explore and do-Rich environment filled with a large abundance of animals- yes, even elephants-Many fun quests to do-CRAB RANGOON!!!!!!-Good stealth mechanicsCons:-A little too similar to Far Cry 3, but hey, Far Cry 3 was an awesome game, and so is this one.-Too little CRAB RANGOON!!!!!!-Random people on the street who are chopping fish think they are important enough to take up some of your time and ask you for help when they themselves havent done anything-Some things dont make much sense. For example, how is Ajay such as good shot when he seemingly never touched a gun before going to Kyrat.-Some glitches here and there- but that is too be expected from every game-DARN HONEY BADGERS, STEALIN' ALL YOUR CRAB RANGOON AND MESSIN' UP YOUR DAYAll in all, I would give it a 10/10, would be a 9.9/10, but there is CRAB RANGOON!!!!!PLEASE STAY RIGHT THERE! ENJOY THE CRAB RANGOON!"
,Recommended,298110,15176965,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Montecristo No. 4,Far Cry 4. I paid 60 bucks for a game that can be finished in 15 minutes. And I don't regret it.
,Recommended,298110,13357544,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Nuberino,"Far Cry 4 is a solid entry in the Far Cry franchise. Core gameplay mechanics havent changed much at all from its predecessor. Its basically the same game with a different setting, better graphics, more weapons, and more fun stuff to do. Nothing revolutionary or super innovative about this game. That being said, if you liked Far Cry 3, chances are you'll like this one too. If you are a fan of the open world adventure / shooter genre, give it a try."
76561198111353940,Recommended,298110,13022530,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Savage,"if you enjoy Far Cry 3 you will love this,its much like Far Cry 3 just with all the issues fixed Far Cry 3 had and it wasnt much.better map/world,tons of beautiful detail.much more weapons loads of fun things to do. amazing graphics and very very smooth game play."
76561197978967952,Recommended,298110,30366487,Posted: 6 March,all,Evil Sacrament,"CO-OP+unlockables/fun quests+campaign is interesting+fun as hell+best far cry I have played so far 1-4 and insticts predator (primal has no co-op but will get to it)Campaign doesn't have co-op just side quest and such-physics don't alwasy work as intended vehicles don't cary enough momentum when bailing out with c4 attachedweapon select is somewhat clunky IMOA little to much stealth, you have an arsenal but can't use it most the time. campaign is great just the side objectives you do in co-op promote stealth most the time"
,Recommended,298110,26904532,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Krislann,"This indeed had the best gameplay I have experienced in some time. I loved interacting with this world, and playing trough it with tons of specialized weapons, explosions and wingsuit gliding made it all excellent. I really love this game, and playing trough it was a fantastic experience"
,Recommended,298110,14478119,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,|NeX| Mavis,F*cking Honey Badgers...
,Recommended,298110,30731747,Posted: 25 March,all,Vī | Ferōx,"This game is amazingly awesome!I love this game, because it has such a rich story that perfectly blends with the open world!ProsBeautiful scenery! Beautifuleverything!!!The story is amazing in the way they designed it!The co-op mode works very well and is a fun way to play with friends!ConsThere are some glitches and bugs that can be very funny when your messing around, but very frusturating when trying to play the game...You can't access multiplayer with the base game...I don't think they have much of a focus on the game, since Far Cry Primal cam out..."
,Recommended,298110,13349086,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Mariah Wolves,"Better and bigger then Far Cry 3, More lovely and can add on all mods to the guns, plus co-op."
76561198069822632,Recommended,298110,31098040,Posted: 12 April,all,FlippyFlop,"I find it most entertaining to approach this game as a Green Arrow knockoff: ""You have failed Kyrat"".  10/10 for satisfying bowplay."
,Recommended,298110,27315063,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,DMC | .wub,is ok
,Recommended,298110,14376454,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,I am ppppppppppppppppppppppppppp,"I rode an elephant into a camp, with a grenade launcher in my hands blowing up cars and running over people, yep this game's fun if you dont mind that it doesn't try to change too much from far cry 3Sadly though it uses UDon'tPlay so beware of thatBULLSHIT"
,Recommended,298110,21663778,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Lemmy,"Far Cry 3.5This game is basically Far Cry 3 in a new setting, with improved weapons, elephant riding and a way cooler antagonist.Get this on a sale, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,298110,17390463,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Xero ☠ Static ☠ FluX™,"Very fun open world experience.   Depending on your skills it can be super easy or a heck of a challenge.  The world offers plenty to do however the ""average"" gamer most likely will not see 100% completion.    If you are a fan of the series you will enjoy it, but find it as more of a polished expanded FarCry3 in regards to mechanics and UI."
76561197968441615,Recommended,298110,22055375,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Liokai,"I played FC1, FC2, FC3 before. In FC4 I finished all missions and clearedalmost the whole map.In short: I enjoyed the game and recommend the purchase if you like shooter.With my current knowledge about the game I would buy it for max. 35€ (inc. Addons).If you don't like a repetitive gameplay you should watch a let's play first before buying.You'll get a good looking, rather light-minded, not very challenging but enjoyable shooter.1. Presentation (4/5):If you like good graphics then you won't be disappointed. Objects, characters and wildlifeare well designed and the animation doesn't lack in anything. The big bad point is that theworld feels too monotonous to me. You'll see always the same colors and trees all over the map.2. Story/Sidemissions/Objectives (2/5):The Story okay, definitly not overwhelming and far too short. If I hadn't cleared almost the whole map(opening chests, get the XP-Boosts, exploring points of interest), I could've be done in a fewhours. The sidemissions are too repetitive. The ""drug-missions"" are very well made.Clearing the points of interest (belltowers, outposts) become boring after 10h playtime.3. KI/Gameplay/difficulty (3/5)Well, the gameplay is like the other FCs (2,3). The weapon-handling is simple and intuitive as always.I'm a bit bored by the Takedowns. I killed about 75% of all enemies with Takedowns because ofthe bonus-XP. To be honest: I could have used the guns but I'm an enthusiast when it comesto fast leveling. The KI is nothing special but serves the needs. KI-bugs are rare.The difficulty-level is definitly fair, maybe a bit too easy.4. Characters (5/5)That's the big winner category here. Sabal, Amita and especially the antagonist Pagan Minare really really good. The side-mission characters are also very nice.5. Equipment/Vehicles (4/5)Sometimes the equipment lacks in logic (parachute, wingsuit, bait) but the game is filledwith an exciting weaponary and enough usable items to keep you entertained although itdoesn't really matter which weapons you use. The vehicles are mostly awesome, especiallythe Buzzer and the Hovercraft."
76561198070458429,Recommended,298110,33587241,Posted: 16 July,all,Deezee,"Its got some great game mechanics, looks great and has a huge world to explore.  But ultimatly its very repetitive. Same repetative missions and activities.  If it wasn't for collectibles, you wouldn't have a great reason to use the map at all."
,Recommended,298110,29290854,Posted: 15 January,all,PapAnomaly,A nice open world shooter with tons of things to do
,Recommended,298110,14895339,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,brayza,Drug simulator 2015
,Recommended,298110,20414729,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Thatweirdguy's Hero,"The is no reason not to pick up Farcry 4 when it gets discount over 50% .....Its release in late 2014 with beautiful graphics within the deep himalayans , with similar game mechanics with previous FC games. There is a load of weapons in the arsenal with a open world ready for hunting , bunch of crazy stuff you can do with C4s and Takedown montages . If you ask me ..Gameplay : 8 / 10Enviroment : 9/ 10Sound : 7 / 10Replay ability : 9 / 10Story Line : 8 / 10Pagain Min : ... ♥♥♥♥ OffFree Roam : CheckCrafting Open World : CheckNext Generation Graphics : CheckCo op : CheckMultiplayer Online : CheckUbisoft DLCs : .... ♥♥♥♥ OffThe DLC weapons should be included in the base game , Last thing ...Season Pass : Not worth the money !!"
,Recommended,298110,25331656,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Rush Hour (1998 film),If you enjoyed Far Cry 3 then you'll probably enjoy this game but not quite as much as Far Cry 3.
,Recommended,298110,21688026,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Aam,"(First Time playing a Far Cry game)Great game, alot of content, alot of guns, tons of ways to play the game.The thing I did not like was the fact you're pretty much playing a dog who obeys his masters (The two faction leaders) and 90% of the time, I wished I was working for my cool step dad instead (The antagonist)"
76561198095931649,Not Recommended,298110,27046103,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,maxfff,"Login process in the game is more sophisticated then connecting to your Bank account.And low quality Ubisoft support makes things worse.You should first login into Ubisoft account.Then it connects to steam.Forgot password - you spend days proving that you own game.It is such a stupidity, it is JUST a teenage game, not NAVY nuclear facility. Go to hell Ubisoft."
76561198080728842,Recommended,298110,21120189,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,M. Corleone,"If you like Far Cry 3 then you will love this one, the game has a good story, remember to manage thru the different endings, the weapon system and vehicules are similar to FC3, newer weapons added to the inventory and a lot more stuff to do on this one to complete it 100%, so if you are a casual gamer as i playing a couple of hours per day afterwork this one will take sometime to be completed."
76561198146700661,Recommended,298110,33238263,Posted: 4 July,all,BillyTheFridge,"This is one the best FarCry game out there with co-op and map browser. This game really adds the feel of adventure. You can do lots of things like craft, hunt ,play with friends, ETC. Although the game somethimes has bugs and other giltchs its still fun game to play with or without friends. Second best FarCry game out there in my opinion.P.S FarCry 3 for life M8 fam boiiiiiiiiii"
76561198008557277,Recommended,298110,14915470,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,heppsan,"I really liked Far Cry 3, and I really like this as well!Running around in Kyrat causing chaos in this game is awesome!!And I like the small changes they've done from Far Cry 3.The story isn't the strong part of it, but it's a nice addition that you have to make decisions on what to do, and how to tackle some missions!"
76561198034782971,Recommended,298110,13484818,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Doctor Innocuous,"This game is a lot like farcry 3 but with a cooler enviroment, better villian, and less emphasis on machete takedowns and stealth. The open world has more to explore and many more tasks to preform. The co-op is the best ive played this year hands down. My favorite weapons are the bow which is great for silently clearing out outpost (the machete takedowns are far less powerful) and the grenade launcher which causes absolute chaos for your enemies. The vehicle combat is WAAAAY cooler thanks to the new vehicles (particularly the gyrocopter) and the ability to use sidearms while driving (did i mention grenade launchers are a sidearm?) also you can ride elephants. The elephants can crush enemy vehicles and troops like they were made from sand! The wingsuit is accessable earlier in the game which is nice for traversing the mountain terrain, also you can use grappling hooks though only on certain ledges. My only problem is the wildlife, Farcry 3 had wildlife but it wasn't nearly as annoying as its predecessor. Eagles will fly from the sky and attack you for no reason while your trying to clear an outpost, ruining any attempt at stealth and taking a good chunk of health, packs of dogs will follow you for miles and rip you to shreds, fighting them is essentially impossible because they spam attack you so much you cant even let a shot off, the only fun wildlife is the bears and tigers, they dont have major advantages over you other than being fast and deadly, thats what i want from wildlife NOT unfair, random attacks that spam you and cant be blocked (you can't even stop an eagle from attacking you and as stated dogs and wolves wont give you time enough to attack). Over all the game falls flat because of its lack of driving force and annoying wildlife. Still clearing outposts and attacking convoys is more fun than ever before. 8.5/10"
,Recommended,298110,14464043,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Marcelus,"Taking for granted that you played or know Far Cry 3:Pros:- Himalayas are beautiful and full of different activities.- Stealth feels a little better. Mainly on outposts.- Nice optimization (at least for NVIDIA users).- Wildlife is dangerous and annoying XD (I like that)- Is not as longer as FC3 but it has very nice missions!- More guns, memorable side quests, random events and more activities and ways to travel ;) (oh that little helicopter <3)- Music variety and unknown great artist from other cultures ;) Listen to this :Dhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VmHHXNP6uGU- Of course those weird moments / missions under the influence :P- The map editor- The alternative ending ;)Cons:- I hate seeing AMD people having problems during the first weeks of this kind of games. I'm not AMD user but I find this kind of partnerships don't help (to the whole market at least).- Weak plot twists (FC3 was too good for me)- At the beginning some guns are so annoying to accomplish a good long distance shot ¬¬- The engine works great but it has some popup problems and a few fun glitches haaha!Far Cry 4 is a worthy sequel. If you didn't play FC3 you SHOULD play both. Doesn't matter the order for me (aside a few little details) ;)  It was good to have a good Ubisoft Montreal game after ACU fiasco. Anyways, I will not rely that much on the U again aside Far Cry."
,Not Recommended,298110,13079708,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Guynemer,I rate it 9/11.EA training sim.
76561198033825973,Not Recommended,298110,13010624,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Ricky Steels,All THE issues. I just want to play the ♥♥♥♥ing game a I spemt 70 dollars on.
76561198148655798,Not Recommended,298110,13001878,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,COCONUT HEAD,"character is dull.has same animations as farcry 3.feels like im playing farcry 3 but with eagles and grappling hooks.fps is trash, laggy while driving and shooting.all they did was remodel farcry 3."
76561198052898986,Recommended,298110,14404261,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Angerfist,"Loved this game cuz you actually can play in co-op in almost every mission, that you can farm up gear, wep, and gold together with someone make the game so much more and not boring.Varies in mission are pretty cool, all from hunting to racing missions, and you don't have to do the questline if you don't feel like it, that you are able to choose make this game even more interesting.This game have an awesome looking world with good graphic, good music and much fun.If you have the fantasy this game have so many opportunitys!This game is worth putting some hours in!"
76561197972258172,Recommended,298110,20613912,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,[Snizza] EyesofWrath,"I'm gonna begin this review in the same way I begin all my Far Cry reviews - by talking about Far Cry 2.Far Cry 2 was not a perfect game. It's story was very limited, and thus the context and motivation for your actions were lacking. It's saddled with a number of half-implemented mechanics, and fully-implemented but frustrating and repetitive mecahnics. However, it was laden with an incredible atmosphere, a genuinely reactive world, and (most amazingly) the landscape of the game felt real, not built. You felt like you were actually watching the setting African  sun filtering through the dust and the trees as it fell over the still river water at dusk. It's a mental image that I cannot forget.Now there's a few reasons I bring up FC2. A lot of people don't enjoy it. and I get that. It can be frustrating and it's not the most accessible or guided experience. BUT, what it does do is it plops the player in a big sandbox, gives them limited resources and intelligent and dangerous enemies, and says 'make your own story'. And because the game refuses to spoon-feed the player, and in that need for the player to adapt to the changing circumstances around them, FC2 allowed a constant creation of 'this one time when I was playing Far Cry 2...' moments. It aschewed OTT collect-a-thon busywork. It aschewed the asinine tower-climbing that has become that crumbling pillar upon which Ubisoft's games stand. It gave the player a bunch of rather vague mission parameters, a jungle, some fire, some deadly enemies, and a bunch of fairly underpowered weapons and said 'good luck'. And it was exhilirating. It was exhilirating to be forced into a cat-and-mouse stealth battle with a number of men whose clothes matched the surroundings. I was exhilirating to be unable to flush them out of hiding because you were in green grass and green grass won't burn. It was exhilirating to have to use your hearing to locate enemies because you're under a canopy and it's too dark to see them. It was exhilirating having to turn your eyes away from the road to look at your map only to look back at the road and see an enemy vehicle coming your way, knowing that if you don't get to your gun fast enough that you might die. It tested your skills as a player. It forced you to focus and made a man out of those that took the gunplay for granted.Then came FC3. And all of a sudden the HUD was filled with markers and minimaps and text, and you could see enemies through walls, and the map was littered with garbage that you had to collect or else you wouldn't get the achievement that said you collected all the garbage, and the entire map was the same and recognising your location by it's appearance was all but impossible (but that didn't matter because you had GPS to hold your hand), and the enemies all wore the same bright primary colour because there's nothing more tactical than making yourselves visible from the moon, and once you cleared an enemy stronghold they were gone for good and you'd effectively progressed by making the map less fun. Hurrah?I was excited for Far Cry 3. I lined up to play a pre-release build at a video game convention, and I bought it and played it and finished it and it was okay. And then a few years later I got a better graphics card and I reinstalled it, and I uninstalled it again within 2 hours because once you've finished it, going back is like returning to the second grade.And then Far Cry 4 was released. And I didn't get it. Because it was more of the same, wasn't it? Because I was bored by FC3 and the obnoxious characters and the obnoxious hand-holding. For the record, I suck at Dark Souls - I'm not the world's best player and I don't relish a punishing experience - but the 'winning formula' that Ubisoft had struck upon with FC3 failed to capture my imagination. I didn't hate it. I still remember the first time I played it through. But the gameplay failed to challenge, and the story failed to engage, so the game itself failed to give me a reason to return. But I love the series because of its potential. Because even when it was Crytek property I loved the conceit - an open-world (of sorts) FPS sandbox in an exotic locale. I loved that at one point Ubi had created a set of reactive mechanics that, together, created an experience that was greater than the sum of it's parts. So I bought FC4 (on sale of course). And...it was fun. At least, the first play through was fun. The hand-holding wasn't as obnoxious, the game looked better than FC3, the characters still grated, but the story wasn't COMPLETELY devoid of heart. The game was still using collectibles as a substitute for meaningful content, but at least those collectibles unlocked weapons for you to use. The game was full of predators that add a degree of unpredictability to the game that I felt was severely lacking in the 3rd installment, and your plans for stealth can often go awry when a stroppy leopard stumbles into the mix. The enemy strongholds can be reset, or contested, which means that danger is never ENTIRELY eliminated from the equation. It's a better game. It's fun.Upon replaying you can fly over the land and see how uniform it really is. Lacking still is variety in the terrain. The landscape is little but a bunch of locations connected by a series of roads, with nothing much that stands out in between. This place is not lived in, it's not real. It's a 2D game board on a table with a carboard prop every 5 squares, and a bunch of plastic army men stationed here and there. The enemies are still painted day-glo, just in case you forget where to shoot, and most of the missions involve going somewhere, killing something, and/or collecting something else. There's a re-hash of the FC3 mission in which you can burn a bunch of plants, and there's a single contemporary song in there somewhere, because feelings are like cold hard numbers, and Ubisoft have a steadfast belief in the simple arithmatic formula of 2 x (memorable moment) = 2 memorable moments. There's also a bunch of side-missions that involve taking drugs, because that was a thing they did in a different game that people bought.But...it's fun. It easy to pick up and play and you're rarely far from a firefight. There's enough unpredictability to make it feel a little different each time you log on (because UPlay). It's got a little more lustre in it than FC3 the second time round. It's no FC2, and it's still adhering strictly to Ubisoft's slogan of 'video game, the video game', but it's almost, ALMOST, a compromise between the accessibility of FC3 and the dynamic engagements of FC2.It's not a bad game. It's not a game-changer, but did you expect that? Get it cheap."
,Recommended,298110,20749410,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,MD Gordon Bombay,"Great game to play. I haven't tried CoOp yet but finished the game solo and thought the storyline, weapons, gameplay was fantastical.Recommend it to people who like games like A.Creed, CoD, CS GO, etc.."
,Recommended,298110,14742427,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,unboltedfire99,This game is some what hard to run on most card but still I liked it the story was great and graphics
,Recommended,298110,14955934,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,TriggerHappy,Went to spread mother's ashes and ended up leading a civil uprising against a monarchy while getting high on some trippy stuff every now and then.10/10 would get high again
76561198130356371,Recommended,298110,19381873,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,blue,LOVE this game. Comparing it to far cry 3 they just made a huge step in CRAZY GOOD WAY. So much to explore in game and lots of other stuff to do not only story mode but online that just crazyyy good.
,Not Recommended,298110,13816292,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,SinsGetWins,"The graphics were stellar, I'll give them that, However, everything about the campaign seemed lackluster in comparison to Far Cry 3. The characters seem very unfinished, as they lack that bit of insanity and danger that was present before. Everything about the campaign was linear, as your choices don't really matter. It is almost like Mass Effect 3's endings, because the story progresses in exactly the same way. Nothing that happens in the campaign is thoroughly conveyed through a cutscene or change in storyline.. it just seems to.. happen and be over."
76561198032560713,Not Recommended,298110,14867875,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,spamspamsausagespam,Kein Uplay-Game mehr. Hab es zu spät gesehen.
,Recommended,298110,30878290,Posted: 1 April,all,Eat_The_Cake,"I was wanting this game for awhile, and then it went on sale. I decided to get it. I LOVE IT. Very good open world game with so many things to do."
,Recommended,298110,14717730,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,PiddyVinny,"I can't say it was a horrible game, but just feels recycled like third game. (Graphics,gameplay and same story concept base). Otherwise, I can only really recommend it towards people who truly love the Far Cry series and wanna add to thier collection, but will be a little tad off because of the DLC not giving much,bugs,crashes here and there etc. Wait for a sale and give it go...and by how effective the sale has to be...well...the same treatment like the third game got. 7 mother♥♥♥♥ing 5 percent off!"
76561197975693470,Recommended,298110,32577951,Posted: 19 June,all,fireproofcujo,What's not to like about this game if you're on the fence about buying this game just get it. I eagerly await the next in the series..........
76561198046233820,Recommended,298110,23008187,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Daddo,Amazing game with hours of fun to keep you busy.
,Recommended,298110,20741598,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,NihlusGreen,"It's ok. A visually impressive setting, good gun play and stealth. But nothing new if you've done FC3.There is coop but Uplay has little social ability.I doubt I'll be back for more FC titles."
,Recommended,298110,20761894,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,shibe noodles,"If you liked Far Cry 3 then you will like this one as well.The gameplay is similar with a few extra features. The real positive to this game is its world and the lore that surrounds it. The environment is visually beautiful and the audio is immersive. It got me hooked the moment I started. The story, however, is lacking compared to Far Cry 3.It was harder to relate to this story and to feel a connection to it. The villain could not compare to Vaas in Far Cry 3 and that is what I felt the story lacked the most; good protagonist and antagonists, but bad villain. The story also felt a bit too short and the ending was lackluster.I had fun playing it. There are a few more guns and items and more things to do once you complete the story, but that's about it."
,Recommended,298110,13381881,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,ste@mpunkthing,"This is my first Far Cry game, I know the plot of the 3rd, and that's it, I picked this one up a couple of weeks after the release, amazing graphics, great not AMAZING plot, perfect stealth fundimentals, likeable characters, you can make choices that affect the plot substantially, there are about 11 different endings I believe, and if you like me really care what stealth takedown animations look like, you will be pleasently suprised as your character shoves a machate into you enemies neck then pull the pin from a gernade and kick the body into a group of people, blowing all of them up. Highly recommended, I got the $90 version of the game, and let me just say I would pay twice as much, this game is truly a masterpiece, so much so, that I went back and bought the Far Cry 3 on steam, and it is currently downloading. The map is gigantic, great handeling, great controls which are customizable by the way, always animations, even for small things like opening doors. I finished this GIGANTIC game in just a week while I was sick at home. COMPLETLY RECOMMENDED!That was the first draft which I wrote about a year ago. This is going to be me looking back on it after a year of dissapointment in games (not all games). This game is the best first single player first person shooter created in the last 6 years. I've looked back and there are some amazing games but this is just perfection. It gives you a feeling like you're actually the protagonist of this game. You ARE Ajay Ghale and it's YOUR mission to save the country of Kyrat and give your familes name honor again. YOU're the person blowing up huge statues and shooting down hundreds of people from a helicopter while awesome badass music is playing. No other single player first person shooter has given me this feeling. I would pay twice the amount I did for this game. It's so ammersive you forget you're sitting there in your chair in front of the computer like the loner you are. You become the main character, you choose the destiny of a country, and you blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up! GET THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,298110,21387676,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Spotify,"I love Kyrat, but i hate AjayAjay, why u choose golden path? Why, Ajay? WHYYYYYYY?!?!but now i think Ubisoft need make some ""different"" DLC?""Far Cry 4 : A Different War"" or....""Far Cry 4 : The Wrong Path"" ?and where the nice song from Skrillex? :(9/10"
,Recommended,298110,33147299,Posted: 2 July,all,Spooky Space Kook,"Great Game really enjoyed it, 10 outta 10 would recomend it."
,Not Recommended,298110,20300776,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,{TGFTW}Vulgar,You need to have a quad core just even get passed the starting screen with no black screen so i couldn't even play this game and it gave me anger issues
,Recommended,298110,24122039,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Madness Awaits,One of the best Far Cry ever. The Beauty of this game is just fantastic. 10/10
76561198027993975,Recommended,298110,21058886,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Cpt Wasea Azure,"I`m having tremendous amount of fun in this game. I love open world games. Games that you can just detour from the main quest and do whatever you want how you want.This game has it all.You want to just go hunting with a bow? Go ahead.You want to catch a spooky fish with a grenade? Go ahead!You want to fight a tiger with a knife? Be my guest!You feel like a Rambo and want to blitz an enemy camp? You can!You want to play sneaky and smart? Always an option.You want to take a pictures of Himalayas? Sure.You want to ride an elephant? Yeah you can ride elephants in this game.This is what I love in Far Cry - game dont force the play style on you, I spend hours just roaming around and looking for trouble. Trying different ways how to approach the wild animals or enemy towers/camps.I can play like a crazy gunman and go full loud, or try more intelligent way trying to eliminate the enemy without being detected.The game word feels authentic and bigger than in FC3. Graphically game is simply gorgeous and you can easily immerse yourself in whatever role you try to play.And of course gun play is spot on, and game gives you powerful arsenal of toys to play with. (yes, I used my grenade on a unsuspecting family of badgers...)Thankfully game plays pretty good with M+K and performance on my rig is surprisingly smooth.I cant really comment on the story, its pretty much the same thing you know and love from Far Cry 3 - liberate the place and fight kind of funny, crazy villain. I like it so far, nothing ground braking but its solid.Overall Far Cry 4 is based at the same core mechanics that you know from Far Cry 3. But the new setting and amount of stuff to do makes it even better in my eyes. There are small helicopters, some sort of rock climbing, wing suits and much more added.If you like open world games this is a must have in your collection.Biggest con - whoever put this pack of rabid eagles that attacks everybody every 10 minutes in to this game should be fired!"
76561198023039585,Not Recommended,298110,13893221,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Wubalubadubdub!,"Unable to play the game (black screen). Have tried all the solutions I've seen proposed and nothing works. No response whatsoever from Ubisoft, (four days have passed) and I'm feeling pretty furious. This company treats its customers like complete crap, and this is far from the first time. If there is a not an adequate solution in short order, I'll be demanding my money back."
,Not Recommended,298110,20280910,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Saitama,"If you enjoy wasting more time just watching cutscenes than actually playing the game, then this game is for you. Within the first 10 minutes I was so bored I went on Steam help and asked for a refund. My biggest question is why do they not have a ""skip scene"" button? I was so bored watching the extremely boring intro that I was yawning every 30 seconds waiting for anything interesting to happen. Games like these are the reason why I have a hard time spending money on Steam. Start releasing games that don't waste paying customers time."
76561198024153413,Recommended,298110,25158337,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,FluFFy ToasterZ,"yeah, its pretty neat dude."
,Not Recommended,298110,22092364,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Asaph,"The game is beautiful but shows the signs of age.The story is funny at times but it doesn't make up for all the silly copy & paste missions and action.Having a huge world with a lot of pointless distractions is just... well that.The action alone doesn't hold it's game in its own right, a solid story should have followed to make this truly a remarkable game.Sadly it doesn't, I was intrigued enough to play it for awhile but the fatigue of doing the same thing over and over with the same encounteres, nothing is special, everything is copy paste."
,Recommended,298110,28408585,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,[bluestreak] ✪tht✪,"Far Cry 4 è un gioco che è come quello di Far Cry 3 in quanto offre molto da esplorare, ma al posto delle isole Rook in Far Cry 3, esplorerai una nazione vicino all'Himalaya conosciuta come Kyrat. Ha una forte somiglianza con la nazione vera e propria conosciuta come Nepal. Kyrat ha molte montagne ed è molto povero. Nonostante sia così povero diventa il tuo parco giochi perché c'è tanto da fare.La narrazione inizia con Ajay Ghale, un Kyrati nato negli Stati Uniti. Tuttavia, il paese è governato da un dittatore denominato Pagan Min. Min ha una connessione con la famiglia Ghale e questo è reso noto nell'intro cutscene. Dopo che Min ti lascia da solo per un po ', sei libero di esplorare e cominciare a strappare le cose. C'è una guerra tra l'esercito reale di Min e i ribelli conosciuti come The Golden Path, che la madre di Ghale ha aiutato a trovare. Il sentiero d'oro è guidato da un uomo e una donna, ma ogni leader ha opinioni diverse su come abbattere il dittatore. La trama è spettacolare, mentre tu dimentichi che l'obiettivo di Ghale era quello di spargere le ceneri di sua madre. La stella più grande di questo gioco è Pagan Min, che suona vizioso e carismatico. Tuttavia, a volte sembra che la stella più grande del gioco sia Kyrat poiché incoraggia così tanto esplorazione e ha un sacco di casualità.Mentre ci sono missioni di storia che esaltano la narrazione ci sono molte missioni laterali. Le missioni laterali familiari comprendono gli avamposti liberi in tutta la mappa, a partire da Kyrat meridionale. Il RPG come tigre e abilità di elefante. Le competenze della tigre sono aggressive e sono progettate per più potere e violenza. Queste abilità ti aiutano a togliere i nemici da dietro. Le abilità degli elefanti sono passivi e aiutarti a sopravvivere a diversi tipi di attacchi.Le abilità che imparerai nel gioco saranno valide per tutto il tempo. Mentre cerchi di attivare una missione side-by-side, puoi essere attaccata dagli animali e dalle tue abilità. Kyrat è in agguato con la fauna selvatica come orsi, tigri, leopardi, elefanti, lupi tibetani, ecc. Alcuni animali sono predatori mentre altri non lo sono. Voi guardate 2 animali combattono alla morte, ma l'ultimo soggiorno cercherà di festeggiare su di te. Puoi anche lanciare strategicamente carne. Gli elefanti sono giganti pacifici, ma possono divertirsi una volta che si impara l'abilità necessaria per guidarli. È possibile utilizzare elefanti per rovesciare veicoli guidati dall'esercito reale. È possibile utilizzare un elefante per afferrare un soldato e lanciarlo nell'aria mentre urla.La storia principale delle missioni e delle missioni laterali è non lineare, poiché ti consente di usare stealth o di utilizzare tutte le armi da fuoco. Puoi anche usare compagni per unirti alla tua avventura. La più grande aggiunta a questo gioco è il gancio di grappolo. Si può afferrare ganci sparsi in tutto il paese e anche oscillare da uno all'altro. L'aggiunta più grande del veicolo al gioco è il cicalino, noto anche come il girocattore. Il buzzer può portarsi da un punto A al punto B in modo rapido, ma ha un'altitudine limitata in modo da esplodere se si salta troppo in alto nell'aria. Mi sono trovato a dover affidarmi ai ganci afferrati per raggiungere l'altezza delle montagne, ma vale la pena esplorare ulteriormente per scoprire nuove posizioni, saccheggi e lettere nascoste.La creazione è un'altra parte essenziale del gioco. L'uccisione degli animali è necessaria per farli scivolare in modo da poter portare più rupi o più munizioni di un certo tipo. Le rupie sono la valuta di Kyrat e saranno necessarie per l'acquisto di munizioni, nuove armi e siringhe. Ci sono molte erbe e fiori che puoi strappare con il tuo comodo coltello in modo da poter creare siringhe di guarigione e siringhe che possano fornire più protezione dagli attacchi.L'arrampicata delle torri radio dovrebbe essere molto familiare per l'Assassin's Creed. La rimozione della nebbia consente di visualizzare meglio la mappa e di trovare ulteriori attività. Mentre si arrampica su una torre radio, è divertente e non è così. È una formula di Watch Cats e Assassin's Creed.Oltre agli eventi collaterali, la serie Far Cry, ci sono missioni in Shangri-La che si sentono come un sogno. Si muove con un arco e una freccia con la tua tigre bianca e come sui demoni. Shangri-La offre una partenza dal mondo a Kyrat. Altre missioni laterali simili agli altri giochi Ubisoft includono la strappo di manifesti di propaganda da pareti sparse intorno a Kyrat.La storia principale può essere turbata se muori. C'è solo uno slot di salvataggio per tutto il gioco. Credo che sarebbero state le slot migliori, ma è solo una minima perdita da me. Il gamepla FPS"
76561198012374319,Recommended,298110,34032536,Posted: 5 August,all,Le Cid,"Had a great time playing the game and finishing it 100%. There are tons and tons of things to do which, though now very unoriginal (unlock towers, collect items, liberate village), never felt tedious. I definitely recommend this game."
,Recommended,298110,25584178,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,PHE-ONWJ,"once again Ubisoft, create an awesomely made masterpiece"
,Not Recommended,298110,20205403,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,lazah,"Game doesn't launch, but I got some wallpapers from the uplay client which is pretty nifty I guess."
,Not Recommended,298110,15035903,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Alamist,"I bought this on a whim with the intentions of doing a campaign co-op series with a friend, but quite frankly, this game bored me only minutes in.The opening scenes were packed with glitches and visual bugs. And the overall experience felt too similar to Farcry 3 to call a unique experience.Input felt awkward and laggy (probably because they didn't quite port it over correctly from console).It seems like what you're paying for when you buy Farcry 4 is simply Farcry 3 with extra bells and wistles.With that said, I may only have 3 hours in the game, but I have seen hours of gameplay before hand. I lost interest in this game and had trouble staying focused on it for more than 20 minutes at a time. But that might just be me.If you haven't played Farcry 3, I would highy recommend playing that instead. Farcry 3 is an amazing experience for a much cheaper price."
,Not Recommended,298110,13083242,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Banause <3 C.,"congrats - u ruined a great game , Far cry 3 was MUCH BETTER !"
76561198103570118,Recommended,298110,25768845,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,N.P.H,"awesome game, massive world. 230 hours and counting"
76561197998276877,Not Recommended,298110,20278689,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,{NS}☠Grimm☠™,I am so glad I did not spend 50 dollars can even play a game it just crashes waste of money requested steam refund
,Not Recommended,298110,14801508,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Jockexe,"Right now, I cannot recommend this game because it dosen't support dual-core CPUs. So, anyone with a dual-core CPU  skip this game and buy something else.-I will give a full review when I get a quad-core or higher.-"
76561197990840394,Not Recommended,298110,14787968,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,helpdesk,i cant run the game on my pc
76561198149725438,Not Recommended,298110,21029929,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,_Gspargo_,NOTHING WORKS! I CANT EVEN GET TO THE FREAKING GAME!
,Not Recommended,298110,30865704,Posted: 31 March,all,HOVEY,"F*CK YOU UPLAYThat is all I have to say.No but seriously this is a great game... excuse me, WOULD be a great game if Uplay would f*cking fix its servers and make the game stable enough so it doesn't crash EVERY F*CKING MINUTE.  I sincerely do like the games Ubisoft makes well, except for maybe a few *cough cough the division*, but they need to f*cking fix Uplay. Seriously. Stop making good games and then sh*tting on them with this piece of f*cking sh*t called Uplay. If it appears that I'm angry at Uplay that's because I wasted  a godamn hour just trying to play with my friend. Over all I would reccomend this game, but only on a 50 - 75% sale, as Uplay ruins it so much."
,Not Recommended,298110,14812601,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,bigwillyhoover69,this is such a blow i cant play cause of quad core
76561197961005472,Not Recommended,298110,21090564,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Grakle,"Day #2 of purchase - Uplay servers are still down and can't play the game.I guess I should say it's great if you love really really hard games that have a ""nightmare"" mode to just load the game.  10/10 if that's what you're looking for.  Hope this helps."
,Not Recommended,298110,20975151,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Munchers,This game is absoulte trash because it requires UPlay which has servers that are down practically 24/7
,Not Recommended,298110,13323735,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,VitalityForGamers,"Want a REFUND!Bought Far Cry 4 a few days ago and this is my experience...- Watch cut-scene, have 2 minutes of play then BlackScreen.- Pressed CTRL-ALT-DEL and existed back to game and could see agian- 1 minute of gameplay then Game Hanged- Restarted game, Watched same cut-scene again- Game Crashed- Restarted game, Watched same cut-scene again- Interactive Door didn't work- Tried plugging in Xbox 360 Controller- Door still didn't work; waited 5 minutes, no joy- Restarted game, Watched same cutscene again- Got outside pressed right bumper on controller, game Crashed- Restarted game, Game crashed- Restarted game, Watched same cutscene again- Pressed right bumper on controller, game Crashed- Restarted game, Watched same cutscene again- Back to using Mouse and Keyboard- 2 minutes then Blackscreen- Pressed CTRL-ALT-DEL and existed back to game, no joy- Wrote these notes down...I have above Min. Spec., and after reading online it would seem people with current High-End machines are having similar issues.This needs to be fixed or Refunded!"
,Recommended,298110,29977359,Posted: 16 February,all,EM2901,Farcry 4 is one of the best games iv e ever played it is optimised and beutifull you get a great amount of content.
,Recommended,298110,33173622,Posted: 3 July,all,Mokes McKenzie,It was fun.
,Not Recommended,298110,13093218,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,BrazilianSoldier,"=================================================================Please, notice that this is my personal review. I'm not obliged to listen you cry over my personal opinion, so if you start saying crap that i dont like on the chat, i will delete it. If you don't like it, ♥♥♥♥ off!=================================================================I may change my review later if they correct, at least, 80% of the problems i said down there.=================================================================It's bugged as♥♥♥♥♥♥This looks more like an early access game than a final product.After the last patch, the in game cursor have stopped working (it only shows the windows cursor moving over the screen, but it doesn't work), which makes the game unplayable. Plus, there is a lot of people complaining about black screens, CTDs and a pile of other unstable♥♥♥♥♥♥There is also those annoying black borders on my monitor. Anyone who have a 5:4 / 16:10 monitor will have this issue. I guess i will have to wait for Flawless Widescreen to launch an update for what was supposed to be Ubisoft's job.From the in-game content, there is absolutely nothing new compared with Far Cry 3. In fact, i think Far Cry 3 have a better story. This game only add a very few more weapons and a gyrocopter. Even the in-game mechanics are the same as far cry 3 (climb up a ♥♥♥♥ed up tower to disable the radio thing, use a zipline to go down, kill a pig to craft the same stuff as in far cry 3, assault camps to use them as spawn point, etc). These aren't bad features, but for that price? No ♥♥♥♥ing way!It would be acceptable if this game were produced by a small indie company, but its not. Right now, its extremely overpriced for its quality.I HOPE that in the future they will patch this thing, so can give a big positive review. When this happens (IF this happens) i will upvote this one, but right now i'm not buying any other ubisoft game again (i heard what is going on with Assassins Creed: Unity)."
,Recommended,298110,13321597,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Alex™,"I have played  this game for about 40 hours and I played through Far Cry 3 and enjoyed it.Before you read the good and bad points, I believe it is worth playing but not for $60. Wait until it comes out on sale.The Good:The gunplay and on-the-fly killing is fantastic with the weapons given.Elephants are one of the most overpowered things in the game and are great; until you name them and are murdered by a convoy truck that has no intention of stopping.The wide variety of animals that can be hunted for karma and sold for money makes crafting relatively easy and funding abundant.The antagonists and the rebels who assist you are well modeled and voice acted, but you only see them in cut scenes.The Bad:The framerate is horrendous when you move too fast even with a monster machine on High, not Very High or Ultra.Singleplayer Offline Mode rubber-banding.Outposts are repetitive and don't offer anything new.Auto-Drive is an absolutely useless feature in the game that drives you to objectives so you can grab a beer and let the game play itself.The story is unrewarding for your decisions and everyone you talk to shuts the door on your face or throws you out of a vehicle.The main character is a bore and is a dope who dopes.Feels like a reskin of Far Cry 3."
76561198049744958,Not Recommended,298110,21691800,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,jerouk,DOES NOT WORK ON DUAL CORE!!!!!!I hope this will save you a sh8t load of trouble trying to figure out why it's crashing...
76561197972370976,Not Recommended,298110,13442019,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Etdashou,"Feels like Far Cry 3.5. Some very nice improvment to gameplay (an open world more alive) but the story is boring. Feels like a big patch. The game is so easy.... and signature weapons are too powerful and easy to get. Your Syringe make you a god that see everything...Basically this game is good, but it needs a lot more thinking to bring it to the next level. Something like Skyrim. It has a lot of potential.A good catch with 50% off."
,Recommended,298110,23380533,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,The Sorcerer's Apprentice,Schokolade.
,Not Recommended,298110,13311858,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,thekiller299120,7 hours of game .... 7 hours trying to reduce the stuttering
,Recommended,298110,12990938,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Bunyan,"The character's are awesome, the graphics are beautiful too, there's new guns, a whole new world full of new animals, and the game on launch plays well and I have yet to notice a single bug or error and have had no crashes.Excellent game as always Ubisoft! Looking forward to topping my 117 hours of Far cry 3 with this beauty!10/mutha ♥♥♥♥in 10"
76561198277400803,Recommended,298110,23474053,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,GoldenFire202,I liked everything
76561198047682570,Not Recommended,298110,16380041,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,jacobs19d,"One word... UPlay.  Don't buy this because uplay is garbage.  Every game update requires uplay update.  Uplay will spam your email, your steam, your Mom. Also this game is repetitive, boring, and grindey. Don't do it, buy something else."
,Not Recommended,298110,13398077,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Chronos,"Completely broken. I chose to purchase this so I could play co-op with my friend, and the game is utterly broken. There's a load screen for EVERYTHING (including the main menu before you're even in game), they're extremely long, and almost every single one results in a black screen forever unless I ctrl+alt+delete. That seems to ""fix it"" and let me continue playing. Hardly playable.Furthermore, inviting a friend to my game results in yet another extremely long load screen resulting in a black screen, and multiplayer errors out and disconnects randomly, resulting in, you guessed it, black load screen forever. Worse still: I've lost my progress twice now due to multiplayer. The second time I made a point of saving the game before inviting my friend to play co-op. He joined. It black screened, then errored and he disconnected immediately, resulting in another load screen booting ME to the main menu (it does that even if you're the host). My progress was lost again somehow even though I saved before even inviting him.This is what I get for paying for the game instead of torrenting it. Lesson learned. I'm asking for a refund then pirating it.The game itself is fantastic, I love it... When I can actually play it. It's not worth the frustration given how broken it is right now. Don't buy this game for PC. You've been warned. Download it or rent it on console, either way don't give Ubisoft a dime for this trainwreck."
,Recommended,298110,13012454,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Matt,"I wil keep this brief no need for a long♥♥♥♥♥review. In short term yes I would recommened this game however;if you are looking for the depth and all around story development of Far Cry 3 this isnt a good choice to purchase. I played Far Cry 3 and it was one of my favorite games ever, because of this I pre ordered Far Cry 4. The Story is OK, but is nowhere near up to my expectations. It is just like a waterdowned story of far cry 3 with some added new 'feature'. Good game but not ""great""."
,Recommended,298110,13021070,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Kosta,"By far one of my new favorites.From the start it gives the impression that's it's just FC3 again, but once you get into it, you'll see it's a lot more!Really satisfied!"
,Recommended,298110,13361665,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Der Teufel,"Game is excellent, as all FarCrys except 2 have been. uPlay is like contracting aids from an IV drug addict in a Detroit back alley while being punched in the face, and then slowly dying of the disease over the next 15 years, all condensed into one convenient 5 minute experience."
,Recommended,298110,13628495,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Nick Me Boy,If you love pressing E and exploding traveling shop keepers this is the game for you 12/10
76561198055807378,Not Recommended,298110,20468674,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Mister V [GwB],Well this is just far cry 3... but more expensive and a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ story.
,Not Recommended,298110,13949379,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,GonePersonNow,"I want to like this game. Indeed, it's open-world in nature, plenty to see and to do, lots of fun things... but rife with bugs even quite a while after the launch. I have constant graphical issues (latest stable nVidia drivers, no issues in other games,) issues with saves randomly deleting ammo on load (in addition to ammo deletion when returning from Shangri-La,) odd control and keyboard issues, and more. I can't recommend this game in this state on PC. It was not a finished product and, maybe sometime in the future, it will be and I can play without frustration that I face now.  However, I'm not hopeful at this point. It's a shame I paid for a finished, playable product and got something maybe 75% of the way there. I type this having exited the game to restart due to textures randomly failing and being completely unable to see in the game.Release a full game or don't at all. If you won't devote time to get it right on PC, don't bother. This was my first Far Cry title and it will also be my last. I'm sad to see Ubisoft go this direction as someone who has purchased many of their PC games over the years."
76561198043438433,Recommended,298110,12992372,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,koolmanfu,"Is this a close clone of far cry 3? it sure is, is that a bad thing? not even close. alot of animations/sounds are exactly the same. the shooting feels identical but the story, graphics and overall atmosphere of the game make it seem so much more incredible.If you liked 3 youll love 4. if you wanted to change well...you should have voted for obama"
76561198041078115,Recommended,298110,19362090,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,I'm lying,"I think this sums up my game.-Finds some of Pagan Min's men on map while going to do mission.- Yes they deserved to die and I hope they burn in hell-Sneak up on them. Good, they're preoccupied.-Goes to shoot one.-The one I go to shoot pulls out molotov cocktail, throws at Rhino.-Second soldier sees me as first soldier bites it to rhino, I kill him.-Rhino comes for me-random hawk attack-dead.10/10 should have just waited 15 minutes at the beginning."
,Recommended,298110,15326445,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Luceos,"I haven't played any games for over 20 hours for a very long time. Although I did enjoy the predecessor of Far Cry 4, I must say this one amends any faults of that version.As an open-word lover - kick♥♥♥♥♥black flag - I must confess after some time these games always start to get tiresome through repeating game mechanics. In Far Cry 3 it would sound like; get to the tower which removes the fog of war, capture a camp which allows for respawning, rinse & repeat.Now this same mechanic is visible in version 4 of this game series. However once you feel you are slipping into ""the pattern"", things tend to get different.Summing it up; if you enjoy open world shooters, buy! Big recommendation."
,Recommended,298110,13747240,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Juan,I shot at an elephant. 10/10
,Recommended,298110,15461972,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,verbatim (HD),It's a masterpiece.
,Recommended,298110,14302115,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,currymonster,"I'm about 25 hours in and i""m not even halfway through yet. There's so much to do and I have yet to be bored, even with collectibles. The graphics are amazing too. Basically what Ubisoft did was take the best elements of far cry 3, and some far cry 2, and combine it into amazing game. 10/10"
,Recommended,298110,13624626,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,SnaCk,This game is fun. I usually don't spend big money on games. I am a little dissapointed that co op doesn't let you do the story missions. There is still a bunch you can do in co op mode but not being able to do the main missions with my friend took away some value of the game.
76561198167587862,Recommended,298110,22227018,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Nope Rope,Amazing game!
76561198032084188,Recommended,298110,21497583,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,free,tuk-tuk and elephants doesn't make something special from this game .... only next piece from the Far Cry family ... ok but nothing new
,Recommended,298110,21492506,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,GatiZ,Stephen Hawking runs better than this game.
,Recommended,298110,21668514,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Sarzy,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p1EXU_vJTeIToo long; didn't watch -- Far Cry 4 is pretty much Far Cry 3, but with elephants and honey badgers.  I loved it."
,Recommended,298110,22059457,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Paul 7k,A stunning open world experience 11/10 IGN
,Recommended,298110,14642809,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,friedfroglegs,"Interesting, should have waited for a price drop tho."
,Recommended,298110,30637119,Posted: 20 March,all,⎛⎝dowutevadaFUCKyouwannado⎠⎞,"Ride Elephants, hunt animals, important choices; a reason to get this game if you like Far Cry 3. 10/10."
,Recommended,298110,13010265,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,TheBatDoc,"Far Cry 4 - is it just Far Cry 3 Version 2.0?Some may argue that Far Cry 4 might as well have been a DLC to the third entry of the franchise, whilst others complain about the lack of optimization and stuttering issues, and others think it is just not worth the amount of money.{Quick warning, AMD Graphics cards have been known to have issues with this game (previously with Watch Dogs), so if you have an AMD card I would suggest waiting if this gets patched instead of directly purchasing it!Just letting you know, I am playing on a GTX 760 Graphics card on High Settings without Motion Blur with V-Sync, without any stuttering or game breaking bugs.}Altough i disagree with most of these ""issues"", I do agree that the price of 60$ and the price for the season pass for another 30$ is expensive, and i am not in anyway saying that this game is worth that much money, but let's face it:Good games nowadays just have a high price. I learned this the hard way by pre-ordering Assassin's Creed Unity.As far as the pricing goes I would suggest that you wait until the next sale so the price goes down/wait until the DLC's are cheaper in a few months or so.So, what good has this game to offer?-Phenomenal graphics (to be honest the best I have ever seen yet)-A good story line, which is almost as good as the one in Far Cry 3-A game which unlike ACU is not broken and runs (for me with V-Sync, at High Graphics) pretty damn good-Interesting characters with interesting goalsWhat has not changed since Far Cry 3?-Towers to clime and to claim for your own good-Camps to eliminate and claim for your people-Cutting plants in order to craft syringes-Repairing and driving cars-Most of the same transport vehicles-Map size-A lot of identical animationsSo since they are re-using a lot of old features means that it is basically the same right? WRONG!I do not know about you guys, but personally i loved destroying camps and towers and i still do and even though a lot of animations are identical, it still looks pretty badass.What has changed since Far Cry 3?-Grappling Hooks, which can be found nearly everywhere on the map-Co-OP Missions-Make decisions on how you want to change Kyrat to the better-More weapons-Much better graphics-Better looking skill menu/different skills-Killing enemies with baits, which attracts wild animals to the enemy and thus killing them-A more dense map-More active NPC's-More risks of getting attacked/killed-Riding Elephants! (one of my favourite features), where you get to control an elephant and kill/destroy everything in your pathPersonally I am a big fan of the new features, however i can understand people who say that this isn't enough to please them.Let's quickly jump into the story [Potential Spoiler Warning]You meet up with your good pal Pagan Ming only to find out that he is a crazy Psychopath so a few rebels who call themselves 'The golden army' basically take you with them to their camp and then you do almost the same as in Far Cry 3, you start gaining their trust by doing missions for them. Act 1 is basically just helping the people out in different ways and exploring the nature. In this Act I was a bit dissapointed, due to the fact that there were not a lot of new features until then and it just felt like playing Far Cry 3 again in a new area.But as soon as Act II starts you are smacked in the face with decissions that you have to make concering the feature of Kyrat and to help either rebel leader. Since making decissions was not included in Far Cry 3 I was and still am pretty excited about making all those decissions and seeing what i end up with in the end. Also the Co-Op modus unlocks after Act I so that is a good thing as well. After you have completed the first Act you really get to experience the Map even better and now are able to roam more freely around than before, so that is also a big plus.Shortly Summarized:Graphics: 10/10Story: 8.5/10 [so far, will be updated]Music/Sound: 9.5/10Characters: 8/10 [also work in progress]Variety of Gamemodes: 9/10 [wip]Overal: A strong 9/10.Also I have not yet found gamebreaking bugs so that is also a big plus.So, is it worth the money?I definetely think it was and I am absolutely in love with this game, but i can also understand it being a bit expensive for some people due to it's big similarities to Far Cry 3. {which aren't bad at all}Thanks for reading this review, and I hope that I helped you a little big with deciding whether to purchase this game now or later! :)"
76561197996321137,Recommended,298110,22108774,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,SEAMEN de_gai,"""That wry smile betrays you again, De Pleur!"" -Adolf H.Played this game 2 times on the PS4, 1st time on PC though.It's like Far Cry 3, but with a significantly better redeployment of its successful formula.5 diks out of 5"
76561198014626156,Recommended,298110,21058383,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,zeturk,At first i had uplay problem. I uninstaled uplay and installed new uplay fromuplay.com. It worked.
76561198011609891,Recommended,298110,21084430,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,BlindOldMan,One of my favorite games. Good re-playability. Lots of things to do.
,Recommended,298110,19435083,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Leo,Best game ever
,Recommended,298110,21039594,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Sabu,"truly epic. immerse yourself in kyrat.I loved everything about this game, Pagan is smart. witty and rutheless.Ajay isnt in need of a deep backstory or character development, you change the world around you, not you yourself.Guns are epic, cars and wingsuit and buzzer fantastic.CooP is buggy but i dont mind singleplayer."
,Recommended,298110,16570803,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Lulucat,Great gameIndia is a crazy place
,Recommended,298110,13096348,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Brutus,super good game! and its CO-OP !! could it be better? dont think so....
76561198093234867,Recommended,298110,14810043,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Squarebo,can't even play it and it's completely conpatibal but open the game and as soon as i even click it says not responding and won't respond so can someone help me whith this.
,Recommended,298110,12998543,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Gabe newell,i think i would very much like farcry 4........ if i could actually move in the game......#dontbuyuntillubisoftfixes
76561198015516094,Recommended,298110,16608082,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Dakota Thunder,"Even though this game is a mainstream triple A title this one is going down in my book as an instant classic.  It's now on my list of best games i've ever played.  It has mind blowing graphics, balls to the wall action and an addictive hunting and crafting system.  It has a fun little story and entertaining characters.  Some of the best experiences though are the ones that you create yourself such as rhino hunting with a grenade launcher from the back of an elephant.  This game ate my brain for a solid 2 weeks until I pretty much exhausted all there was to do.  So give it a shot when it goes on sale and I think you'll enjoy it!"
,Recommended,298110,13060313,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,T-RKET,"i really like this game which pesent you another different world!every game get its own bugs , so idc about dat, still , great game"
,Recommended,298110,13049079,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Cheeky Charlie,"Plays very similarly to Farcry 3 but with it's own touch, if you enjoyed Facry 3 you'll love this one more. The world feels very more open and there is a ridiculous amount of things to do and shoot :D"
76561198057645585,Recommended,298110,27740238,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,The_Almighty_Potato,LOVE IT
,Recommended,298110,13640722,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Lonely,"Very good and fun gameplay, with loads of little things that make the game better(Grapple, Wingsuit, Gyrocopter)"
,Recommended,298110,13012918,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Jrbdog,"This game is way better than the previous Far Cry 3.  The graphics are not just better, but the entire world is too.  Even though I am sure the map is smaller than 3's, the new verticality makes it seem bigger.The characters are a lot more likeable.  Instead of an psycopathic pirate who dies half way through, Far Cry 4 features the colorful dictator Pagan Min, who will have you questioning whose side is the good side.Gameplay is also better.  The Gyrocopter, grapple hook, and weapons add more first person fun than I ever experienced in any previous Far Cry.Of course, not everything is perfect:The crafting system is still here, though items are easier to craft now.  Syringes autocraft, but require a skill to do so.Skills are also still here, but require skill points to level up instead of leveling up as an achievement.  Skill Points are spent like currency, where all the first level skills cost 1 point. second level 2 points, etc.The missions aren't always as great too.  There are missions that will require you to hunt, fetch, and diliver, but with mountains in the way of checkpoints, traversing through Kyrat is more fun than Far Cry 3.That last (and best) thing about Far Cry 4 is the ability of customization.  The HUD is completly cuztomizable, bing able to choose what to show, what to hide, and what to limit.And if that wasn't enough, the settings also allow you RESET OUTPOSTS.  Personally, the biggest problme with FC3 was once I had taken over all the outposts, there were no more pirates to kill, which meant no more game to be played.  In Far Cry 4, if you have liberated all outposts, you can reset them and take them over AGAIN.  And again.  And again.At the end, Far Cry 4 is the best this series has seen so far, but there is still room for improvement for Far Cry 5.8/10"
,Recommended,298110,17656935,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Ownowbrwncow,8/8 best looking game and so much awesome content you will never run out of stuff to do. Using the wingsuit to fly down cliffside streams will never get old.
,Recommended,298110,14055282,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Romeo,I have had fun with this so far and I am only like 8% o the way through.  Enjoy it!  beautiful and the best of Ubisoft's games of 2014 for sure.  Runs smoothly as well on ultra.
76561198046459934,Recommended,298110,20870483,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,LEO,"Great open game, a 100+ hours to enjoy playing."
,Recommended,298110,20501151,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,virus-,"it's beautiful game everything is great, story,gameplay,graphics10\10recommended"
,Recommended,298110,15209964,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,important,Fun but got boring.
,Not Recommended,298110,13132865,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Axon,"Co-op doesn't work, all relevent ports are forwarded, DMZ set, etc etc. Online help is non existent, literally just ""lul doesn't work for anyone"""
76561197972525379,Not Recommended,298110,13063968,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Krombopulos Michael,"With the current mouse controll issues this game is so unbelievably un-playable it's criminal. FC3 resolved all the issues FC2 had but no, let's go back to that bs mouse control sceme where you are literally fighting to control the mouse more then you are fighting the enemies.Until that is resolved, I cannot reccomend this game and am serriously considering petitioning for my money back.(Updated drivers, ran the gammut of settings from high to low with no difference. It's a result of porting it from the console games. Let's hope they resolve this because otherwise it's a beautiful game and i've always loved the FC series)"
,Recommended,298110,13506437,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,TheLancerMancer,"Great game, definitely Far Cry 3 under the hood. Most of the mechanics are the same from the previous game, just in a new setting. It's a typical Ubisoft title: average length story, good graphics, lots of extra collectibles and side missions, and a bunch of bugs at launch. (now patched)Only complaint is that the difficulty setting feels watered down. Hard doesn't feel as challenging as it should.8/10, good game overall"
76561197975553094,Recommended,298110,15148866,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Ultanemesis,"This game should have been fully coop, but regardless the coop experience was very memorable. The story is mediocre but it makes up for it with tons of content, areas to explore, upgrades, dlc, etc. I would recommend it. :-)"
76561198057497021,Recommended,298110,18394628,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,adam.hebbard,"Love it, so much to do and a badass world with a great game system in place!"
,Recommended,298110,27276282,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Aberardus,very spicy
,Recommended,298110,27255605,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Vetleaks,Every time i play this i usaly forget something i was suposed to do
76561198069589534,Recommended,298110,13451662,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,micah_94,"At its core, Far Cry 4 feels a lot like its predecessor.  There are several key features that they share in common, like climbing radio towers and liberating outposts.  But the story of the game is very captivating and there is a huge amount of content to keep you coming back for more."
,Recommended,298110,13460826,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Ren,"Launch was a little buggy here and there, but after the patches started coming out the game has progressively become better.The game looks great, and its the same beloved Far Cry 3 gameplay and open world environment I enjoyed, definately give this a buy if you liked hunting, and stealthily taking out outposts, or planning out assassinations or stopping convoys through elaborate schemes from the past games."
,Recommended,298110,18913343,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,FF$ | Slickrikkᶠᶠˢ,Well i have to say i loved it. As much as i did with all the others. I can't say anything about the DLC as i didnt bother. I love the graphics and the true far cry feeling. Plenty to do and plenty to explore. Brilliant open world game with no problems with crashes or lag. 9/10 would of been 10/10 but it is lacking on coop/ muiltiplayer but hey its a great single player!
76561198089348942,Recommended,298110,18735444,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,sapper22a,Far Cry 4 is a great shooter with excellent graphics and a decent story.  The map is huge and the weapons are plenty.  It is a little repetative at times and is a great game for people who are completionist or have a lot of time on their hands.  I have not played any other games in this series but would still reccomend this one on the small amount of time that I have played.
76561198045345336,Recommended,298110,18425904,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,MadMikeDK,"Great game - 9/10.Upsides (90%) are the open world, the freedom, the big map, the myriad of things (sidequests, hunting, trading) to do, the graphics, the guns, the gunplay, the enemy AI, the vehicles and the deadly wildlife (except the damn eagles). I spent around 60 hours on doing ""non main campaign"" stuff, and loved every minute of it.Downsides (10%) are the main campaign itself, especially Ubisofts strange choice of saving checkpoints in the campaign missions (way too far apart, forcing you to play the same section over and over and over), weird demon spirit missions, unlikeable allies (Sabal/Amita), the lack of some PC options to make the game harder/more realistic (I want an option to NOT see enemies through walls, which totally breaks the immersion for me).I can recommend the ""Far Cry Immersion Mod"" on NexusMods, which fixes some of the most unrealistic aspects of FC4 and makes the game more ""mature"", but also harder :-)"
76561198023871333,Not Recommended,298110,14824011,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,John Wayne Rambo,this game is the best meditation simulator EVER. 60 frames of blank screen everywhere i pre orded this too. the achievements can never sync plus it can never log in to uplay. is this a joke. it updated today 1.1 gig and still no more than a 60 frame black screen meditation simulator meant to be an fps open world adventure game. i would have been better off spending my money on some red bricks to throw at some police and get chased till cought that would be a bit adventuruous and action packed. i have 2.7 hours on record of this game and ive had it in my steam library since launch this is gaming in the twenty first century ohhhh yeaahhhhhh love it!!!!!!!
,Recommended,298110,13608024,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,boon,run from honey badgers
76561198059190908,Recommended,298110,14149963,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,HEY THERE STALKER,"Extremely fun. A bit buggy at times but still very enjoyable. The story is, in my opinion, better than Far Cry 3's, and the addition of Co-op just makes everything better in general. Now you can hunt Rhinos with your friend!"
,Recommended,298110,13622545,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Siental,An Amazing game with amazing quality
,Recommended,298110,17652626,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,altrewin,"Far Cry 4 is an Open World FPS, with a huge area to explore and conquer, plenty of interesting characters to encounter, many bases to conquer and a large variety of weapons to do it with."
,Recommended,298110,13405930,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Glory to Gaming,Because only Far Cry 4 lets you do this.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h3qFh2O1IOk
,Recommended,298110,18052594,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,The Enquirer,"It's similar to Far Cry 3, however the story is slightly lacking, both in character development and impact. There's also less drug fueled boss fights that take place on a magical disco floor. Those are the obvious downsides. On the plus side there's still hallucinations, and the combat is a bit smoother with more options, and the ability to move bodies regardless of how long they have been dead for. Worth picking up on sale however I found the third game significantly more enjoyable due to story reasons."
76561198021244204,Recommended,298110,16528752,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Darth Tiberius,"I used to like eagles... then I started playing this game.Good game except for the substantial amount of Bugs & Glitches that Ubisoft has still not taken care of.Amazing graphics & scenery (especially the God-Rays... Oh you should see the God-Rays in this game) but graphical incompatibility makes it difficult to achieve 60 fps even with high-end systems.Also, there is this annoying feature called Uplay.10/10 would shoot eagles again."
76561197973270891,Recommended,298110,17263188,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Terminator,"Everything gleaned from the previous game has been put to good use in Far Cry 4. Expect a more polished experience this time round in the open world of Kyrat, a fictional region of the Himalayas. From overrunning isolated Outposts high up in the frost bitten summits, to storming regional Fortresses amongst the dense woodlands & lakes of the Himalayan lowlands, the stunning scenary you encounter are worthy of a snapshot or two. The missions on offer range from low key assassinations & hunting for furs using stealth, to full out frontal assaults on installations using heavy ordinance. The sheer variety on offer here from weapons & skills to be unlocked, to the ever changing story arc made by your decisions make this game a memorable one.  The main villian this time round is psychopath Pagan Min, who's a character with genuine charisma worthy of a place in a Bond film, but is woefully underused. Minor gripe aside, this game has it all."
,Recommended,298110,23971260,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Red Knight,"I enjoyed this game very much. This is a shooter that encourages you to carefully approach each situation. It is one of the few FPS games I have played that actually immersed me in its setting and made me use my brain. This game does not have as good of a story or setting as Far Cry 3 in my opinion but it is still an absolute blast to play! My favourite part of the game was liberating outposts. If you buy this game, I reccomend you to take a stealthy approach as I found that to be a lot more rewarding than just gunning everyone.If you enjoyed Far Cry 3, buy this game! If you are yet to play Far Cry 3, go play it and if you enjoy it, go ahead and treat yourself to Far Cry 4!"
,Recommended,298110,23979688,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Wilyamyamyamyam,GG
,Recommended,298110,14056828,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Space Guy,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Recommended,298110,14959547,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,DabbedOutSniper,"Dude...It's Far Cry... what do you expect? bunnies? puppies and kittens? helllll no, this has explosions, rhinos, rideable badass elephants, massive selection of weaponry, over 15 different types of animals that want your blood, a few really loveable old characters, TITTTIESS, lots of drugs, DRIVING AND SHOOTING. basically, everything about this game will give you a murder boner so damn rock solid your veins will pop."
76561198078572036,Recommended,298110,13369912,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,♚Korg,AMITA IS HOT21/10
76561198073868397,Not Recommended,298110,14368681,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Erik,"I can not recommend this game at this price. Most of the gameplay is exactly the same as it is in Far Cry 3, and I dont think a 60 euro price tag justifies the amount of content. If you really wanna play Far Cry 4, buy FC3 on sale instead. Its the same lol"
,Recommended,298110,14830223,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,MurrmorMeerkat,Love it but it wont update now and no ones being anyhelp....
,Recommended,298110,14504554,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,zaddy oniono,I Cry About Jayce's Mum Every Night.10/10
,Recommended,298110,13115819,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,BEETZ,"Fun game on my Ps4 but on Pc I can't launch the game, every time I launch it, it freaks out and shows me a black screen that says ""not responding""  I looked on the Internet and apparently ubisoft patched the bug i'm having, so that means I have to get the latest update for the game. So when I check what the update is....... oh wait I have no freaking idea where it is so I looked on steam and Uplay, but still I can't find the latest update nor even check if I have the latest update so i have to wait till they fix the bug. Like I said the game is fun, great graphics, awesome story, and lots and lots of gameplay (some glitches like the aligator when it atacks you in coop) i still LOVE the game but only can play it on Ps4 for the moment, so I recomend this game its amazing! (p.s I need help finding the latest update so guys help me in the comments that would be fantastic thanks!)"
,Recommended,298110,13277289,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,dbl,"Absolutely amazing game. If you like open-world games and FPS games, this is a must buy."
76561198071789601,Recommended,298110,15266843,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Rampak,Great game!
,Recommended,298110,15447951,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,ShadowDrifter,"I totally recommend this game to you, whether you're in to it for the single or multiplayer. Heck, even the maps will have you on edge for hours! However, my buddy and I haven't been able to play co-op for about a week now, we would love a fix.P.S. It's not because of Uplay"
,Recommended,298110,13102273,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Gran,"Amazing game 10/10.Always on your toe's weather it be enemies or animals.Sexy graphicsPhysics are greatSounds, ie firing a weapon, the roar of a fire are realistic.Good story line with alot of background.You can ride elephants."
76561198066062414,Recommended,298110,14965026,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Postage Stamp,"Awesome game to play with friends. The campaign was fun, but i only played through about 2% then got bored."
,Recommended,298110,14247267,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,vinyl,riding elephants with a MG42 10/10.
,Recommended,298110,15015362,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Just a Drunk Native,"**Note** If Coop does not work, get Hamachi and get into the same channel then try again, worked for me and a friend and a few others.Now to the game, The gameplay is simple and great. easy to grasp and fun to play, Worth getting, basically Farcry 3 with a new map and coop, But the coop is great."
,Recommended,298110,14494755,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,raas1995,Is a good game ! i LIKE THIS
,Recommended,298110,14080987,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Ninjatictak,"i first gave it a bad review because it wasn't opening but now it works so it is a good game and also         (-skipintro) to skip the long intro scene, Hope it helps"
76561198144763207,Recommended,298110,13351592,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Liquid,i have a black screen a whant to be repayd  now
,Not Recommended,298110,14870204,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Orici,No support for 16:10 screens
,Recommended,298110,19655517,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Satirical Gamer,Amazing game with amazing graphics! The only down thing is that the game is really un-optimised. :(
,Recommended,298110,27902643,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,<(^.^)> Giggle Cheekz <3,"In a lot of ways this is a reskinned Far Cry 3, but that isn't necessarily a bad thing. I loved the environment, and the gameplay continues with the same mechanics that made Far Cry 3 so enjoyable.If you enjoyed the previous titles, you'll enjoy this as well.On an unrelated, but still relevant, note: Pagan Min is an amazing antagonist."
,Recommended,298110,15456331,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Mootchell,i liek
76561198139375073,Recommended,298110,14722133,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Iceman,One of the best games I have played to date. Life like graphics makes it fully immersive coupled with spontaneous wildlife becomes an unparalleled game. Co-Op play raises the level of enjoyment even further. No doubt a 10/10 game.
,Recommended,298110,15408483,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Aduraptor,"Your walking down the road. You have waypointed a fortress and is getting ready to stealth and assasinate your way through. U take out a throwing knife. You miss the sniper with the knife. He hasn't noticed. Phew... You slowly walk through but then u get spotted and its an instakill. You respawn. You take out your bow and arrow and aim for the sniper again, you miss and get spotted. You respawn again. You decide to go loud. You take out an rpg and kill the jugernauts. Apparently DEAD Juggernauts can hit the alarm. A helicopter comes in and miniguns your♥♥♥♥♥ You Respawn. You snipe out 3/4 alarms. One guy sees a broken alarm... Doesnt Care. He sees a dead animal ""WE HAVE A MURDER"". Shouts Hindi Insults at ur face and kills u. You Respawn. You buy the Hurk DLC and use the harpoon gun. Your with the last guy, BUT A TIGER COMES OUT OF NOWHERE AND EATS YOU. U finally conquer the fortress out of a days hard work. You Exit the game. Uplay crashes and your game does not save correctly. ALL YOUR HARD WORK BLOWN TO DUST BY UPLAY. All of it gone with the wind........Uplay 10/10 IGNGr8 game m8"
76561198082195915,Recommended,298110,14238767,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Trax_novamaster,I played it on hard and I felt like it was on easy but the rhino attacks was awesome 10/10 wil never use the hunter bow
,Recommended,298110,13805510,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Cameron,One of the good games from ubishit
,Recommended,298110,14492251,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,~freedom~fries~,"I really love the Far Cry series as a whole. Even though the storyline is rather unrelated between each game a general premis seems to draw forward related somehow to morally difficult decisions coupled with frequent moral ambiguity (more so in 2-4). Perhaps the more notable feature is the concentration toward a chaotic/unpredictable environment with awesome graphics, realistic weapons, hunting, and RPG elements (in 3-4).The only reason I'm bringing up the past is to state how the games keep seeking to improve. The graphics always get better. The weapons are never lacking and always innovating... same with the vehicles and the animals (according to their enviroments). The team listens to the community and tries to improve and it really really shows (althoug it landed them in a spot of trouble with part 2).Their awesome innovation and attentiveness to the fans has misdirected them at times and many of the previous Far Cry games had complaints... I feel Far Cry 4 is their somewhat blossoming out of that. They really shed a lot of the flaws and focused on their strengths - visually aesthetics, sandbox stage, weaponry, animals and nature, and new to their list STORY.All the other stories seemed off or didn't match at times (I'll save the details), but part 4 finally had a capturing story where the decisions were actually hard to make and the characters real. At the same time they didn't lose focus on anything they were alreayd capturing so well.My only flaw is that the gameplay was incredibly familiar to Far Cry 3 to the point where it felt like an incredibly well lengthed DLC with a new storyline... but that's completely fine by me. The Blood Dragon for Far Cry 3 was amazing and was just that... well with 80's retro graphic attempts that make it slightly hard to compare Far Cry 4 too, but you get the picture.All in all, if you are a shooter fan, sandbox fan, or just love an awesome game I cannot image a single reason to pass up Far Cry 4."
76561198085171447,Recommended,298110,24055890,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,dogboat333,"As a wise man once said, ""Insanity is doing the exact same ♥♥♥♥ing thing over and over again, expecting♥♥♥♥♥♥to change."" First person shooter developers seem to follow this logic game and game over, with surely some exceptions, but none come to mind really. That is crazy. Call of Duty and Battlefield are victims of this, keeping the same mechanics over and over again while changing some minor things like locations and some multiplayer tweaks, and while I do like Battlefield, they do nothing really to change things up. The game that I'm talking about today, Far Cry 4, the sequel to the much loved Far Cry 3, is virtually the same as its predecessor. The question is, is that a bad thing? Well, lets take a look.STORY: You are Ajay Ghale. You return to your mother's homeland, Kyrat, to spread her ashes as per her last wish, only to find that there is a civil war going on. The dictator of the country, Pagan Min, abducts you, you escape, and you join the rebellion group that plans to overthrow Min to figure out where his mother wanted to go. It's an alright story, not nearly as good as FC3's though. That is pretty disappointing, but it isn't a terrible story like I said, so fine, I'll take it if I have to.GAMEPLAY: First person shooter. Can get a maximum of 4 guns, one having to be a sidearm, other than that, you can have any weapon combination you want. Gunplay is fantastic, it feels great to go around and shoot em. Driving still feels a bit iffy like last time, which is fine, there are some new cars like the gyrocoptor that are fun to use to travel around the world with. The skill tree has been revamped, technically now you can unlock the tree for the most part on your own with no story requirements, which is nice, and it makes you not feel as OP as you could be. There's also a new grappling hook which just feels badass. Crafting also returns with no real revampings, which is fine enough, not sure how you would improve it. Good stuff overall.GRAPHICS AND PERFORMANCE: Played on very high settings, 1080p, got 80 FPS for the most part. Kyrat looks beautiful, it's neat seeing a different setting like the Himilayan region in a game, and damn they do it well.CHARACTERS: Ajay is an alright guy, but he doesn't really have a character ark like Jason did in FC3. He doesn't seem reluctant to kill people, which is kind of lame, but ah well. Pagan Min is a cool enough villain, nobody will beat Vaas, but he is alright. The two main characters of the Golden Path, Amita and Sabal, are honestly kind of worst than Pagan. One wants to make Kyrat a totalitarian drug state, the other wants to make it a theocracy where you can marry eleven year olds.  You have to choose between the two, which comes down to who is the lesser of two evils really, which is interesting enough I suppose. There aren't as many colorful characters here, either, and while they all were alright I guess, there weren't any standouts.SIDE ACTIVITIES: Virtually the same as last time. There are outposts for you to conquer and people for you to kill. You got missions to go out and kill a specific person stealthily, you got hunting missions, supply drops to help the path, and all the ones I might be forgetting about from Far Cry 3, as well as some new ones like hostage rescuing and some more I'm probably forgetting. If you want to waste a bunch of time into this game, you can do that.FINAL THOUGHTS: It is a step down from Far Cry 3, sure, but that isn't saying too much. 8.5/10, it is worth picking up if you liked FC3 without a doubt. If not, I think you should consider it, though Far Cry 3 is cheaper and better, so consider that."
,Recommended,298110,22105685,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Ravio,not that bad
76561198112237762,Recommended,298110,13665629,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Uprise,"finished at 85% , never played farcry 3. I was hooked on this game everyday, the graphics are amazing and the gameplay was intense! i recommend this for everyone. Well done ubisoft."
76561198072489586,Recommended,298110,14099323,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,NightmareV15,So far I think this game is awesome but there are some bugs in it most I see on Co-Op. But all in all this game is great. If they were to fix those bugs in Co-Op i think Co-Op would be more fun but i still love playing Co-Op with my friends :D
76561198019951990,Recommended,298110,13700532,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,RunnerX,Let me give you a good reason to own this game. Flying pigs!!!!http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=365259323
,Recommended,298110,13021867,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Young Cheeto,AMITA GOT A BIG BOOTYAMIRITE?
,Recommended,298110,13028100,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Corneval,"After I buy CoD: AW 2 weeks ago, this game is already in my wishlist and I'm planning to buy this game.Finally I can buy this game today and can' wait to play it.After I play, the first thing that came out on my mind is ""THIS GAME IS REALLY AWESOME!""I didn't regret spending my $60 to buy this game.Don't worry if you never played Far Cry series before because you will still understand the story (my experience).DO NOT HESITATE TO BUY THIS GAME GUYS! WORTHED GAME!RATE 9/10 (I can't rate it 10/10 because no game is ""perfect"" :p)"
,Recommended,298110,15073579,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Jake C-137,Worth every cent. I played Far Cry 3 until I was absolutely sick of it and I enjoy the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of FC4.
,Recommended,298110,15199910,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Apex,this game is the balls
,Recommended,298110,14941757,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Black Person with a gun,Theres boobs
,Recommended,298110,15575909,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Borat Sagdiyev,"Its like skyrim, with guns, without guns, with guns."
76561198122993366,Recommended,298110,13750361,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,EdmundQ.Qin,THIS GAME IS AMAZING! MORE THAN FAR CRY3. I like it very much
,Recommended,298110,13074446,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Vhavoc11,"Despite repetitive complaints about glitches and complaining about Uplay, the game is good. Really good. People are saying its Far Cry 3.5. It is. And its amazing. Ubisoft continues doing what it did right with Far Cry 3 in terms of gameplay, and improves some. Additionally, moral abiguity within the story adds to an already strong story and a flambouyantly evil and (as always) likeable villain. Put simply, Far Cry 4 take Far Cry 3 and makes it 100% better. If you enjoyed Far Cry 3, you are sure to enjoy this game. 9.5/10 Great game. Some minor bugs, but excusable, and infrequent. Definitley worth 60$. Kudos Ubisoft, you promised and delivered on those promises."
76561198067101397,Recommended,298110,13100485,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Fenneca,"rode a Elephant up a hill then killed people on it with a bow. Really is skyrim with guns, and elephants. 11.1/10"
76561198032019466,Recommended,298110,16510448,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,DeutschDude,"If you enjoy Michael Bay and exploding animals in a distant land, get it."
,Recommended,298110,16284303,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,The Virginian,"Far Cry 3 and 4 I like for different reason. Far Cry 3 has better storytelling. Far Cry 4 had really fun gameplay mechanics. You get a lot of choice in this storyline, but the people that want you to make the choices are kind of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s no matter what you do. The rule for Far Cry is that if you like them, they must die. If you don't, they're there forever by your side."
,Recommended,298110,15562051,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Dental Plan,"I am truly in love with this game now. During the release, I was a bit weary on the game and the differences from Far Cry 3. But now that I have tried it out, I love it! But, if you haven't played Far Cry 3 and want to finish it so you can play this game, don't worry. It is a whole new story line with only a small flashback to Far Cry 3, but nothing big or important in the story. Anyways, overall this game is really good. Even just free roaming with friends or in single player is a ball. But, the story line is amazing. Also, don't worry abput your PC not being able to run it. I have a decent PC and I run 50-75 fps all the time. Not any frame drops as to what I've experienced so far! If you are looking for a fun game to shed a couple hours or even do a Let's Play on, then this will be your game! PESOS!!!"
,Recommended,298110,15495260,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,KatipFabulous,Great Graphic!!
76561198135865083,Recommended,298110,13252898,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,pik,i lick fer cri 4 cuz it gud lol
,Recommended,298110,28546069,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,BestKamvret,"This game is best open world ever. I like this game because friendly price,best performance,and very exciting adventures. Ajay Ghale is my best favorite characters.10/10"
,Not Recommended,298110,25059860,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Son of a glitch,"It would be such a great game if it didn't crash so often... A fine mixture of old and new, offering a lot of quality gameplay time. Except when it crashes, when it's so frustrating... Decent level design, worst implementation ever: cannot go past A Key to the North mission for a few days, it crashes everytime. I'm deeply disappointed... :( It crashed continously at the ""Key to the north"" mission, Ubisoft Support is just useless; I asked for a refund, because I could not go further: why paying for the whole game if I only played the beginning?"
76561198048102428,Recommended,298110,14490662,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,[-owa-]Sparkles,"Just friggin' amazing. Open world, customized loadouts, stealth, etc. It has everything. You are also usually able to choose how you want to approach a situation. Many options from camping, explosives, stealth, bows and crossbows, light weapons, heavy weapons, close quaters combat. And the atmoshphere of the game is amazing. Even has a good soundtrack. Good character development. I could rant on forever, but it is just an amazing game with no disappointment around the corner, EVER!"
,Recommended,298110,14232789,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,The Slav Elite,"Cool, but a lot of things are just copied from Far Cry 3."
,Recommended,298110,13096183,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Mrs Nesbitt,"This game is a reskin of far cry 3 and im not saying thats a bad thing. Its the same game with added stuff, better graphics and its just as awesome as far cry 3."
76561197996279616,Not Recommended,298110,13219138,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,ivan_fakov,"Неиграбельно на рекомендуемой конфигурации. Оптимизация как в watch dogs, assassin's creed unity-никакая.ubisoft-всё"
,Recommended,298110,15032648,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,BayoBANG,"It's basically Far Cry 3: Enhanced Supa REKT Edition.Funnily enough, that is basically it's main strength and weakness. Story and main character aside (both ""Meeehhh...""), it's more of the same but what it does, it does well. Gunplay feels really good, graphics are particularly good and the world feels like it's alive. There's always something happening right around the corner. There's kidnappings, bad guys on 4x4's, freaks on heli's, freaks on boats, wildpigs going nuts on our enemies, rhinos ripping through the bad dudes' vehicles, random elephants running after a tiger who's running after you, and so on...The amount of content is ludicrous and although some is filler the gameplay is super-duper fun to make any boring♥♥♥♥♥errand turn out to be a mass murdering pilgrimage of doom where you end up in a random lake riding an elephant while wielding a rocket launcher and blowing enemy boats to space.Super fun times/Awesomeness"
,Not Recommended,298110,13062801,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Insane Humanoid,"Campaign won't even start, says I ""can't log in to this current session"" which doesn't make sense cause I selected the Offline Campaign mode. I even called UbiSoft directly and they were dumbstruck to say the least and had no solution to my problem what so ever (top notch technical support) all they could tell me was to wait for the 1.4 patch. UbiSoft is not a PC friendly developer and Uplay is terrible"
76561197983260250,Not Recommended,298110,13063105,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Deathclok307,it is broke because of Uplay (Uplay never)
,Not Recommended,298110,13074676,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Halewken,"First of all, the game does look beautiful. However, as soon as you start to look around at this beautiful world before you, things begin to feel terribly wrong.Moving your mouse horizontally causes the whole screen to ""stutter"" as if the framerate is dropping to 20 fps randomly. Even on the lowest settings on the most high end of PC's. This makes aiming at enemies a task and destroys the immersion. I guess I'm part of the Ubisoft hate train now."
76561198033128901,Not Recommended,298110,13055037,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,GiXXiN,"Man.... In this day and age for a game like this to not be compatible with generic controllers to the point of crashing if it is anything other than a xbox controller... Rediculous! Get a patch out Ubisoft!!!Before you all jump on me, I use controller in conjuction with a multi-button mouse as I am disabled (using analog sticks as W,S,A,D). I've been using Xpadder for YEARS now to emulate gamepad to keystrokes with EVERY game, even other Ubisoft titles (including Far Cry 3!).Please get the Patch out Ubisoft, such a shame looks like a visually stunning game, enjoyed the earlier FC's too! There should be a way of completely dissabling ""controller regocnition"". In the old FC the XML file had a code to do this, but it seems FC4 just does not recognise such a command at all. Hardwired to scan for controllers so to speak, and if it's anything other than a Xbox controller, CRASH/FREEZE!.Anyway that's my 2c, coming from a minority group I guess, but I know there are a few other dissabled guys having exact same issues as me. PATCH IT PLS!!!"
76561198095122825,Not Recommended,298110,13047694,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Loorits,"I like black screen, its very cool, when you buy a brand new game, and  its not working, i heard , that piratecopys r fixed... why to buy games then ?"
,Not Recommended,298110,13050088,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,diet a&w,"First off you have to install Ubisoft's UPlay client.  I guess Steam's DRM isn't good enough.  More accounts and more passwords to remember.Before I even got to play I was annoyed at the long cut scenes.  I paid for the game already, why does Ubisoft insist on forcing me to watch long, obnoxious scenes?Once I actually got to start playing I noticed mouse lag - some of the worst I've ever experienced.  A combination of config file fixes found online and turning down the graphics quality got me past that.Next came the dark shadows.  Anything covered by a shadow was black - I couldn't see anything.  After spending hours testing every video setting imaginable, I finally figured out it was SLI (I'm running a GTX 690).  I found another fix (hack) using NVIDIA inspector and SLI compatibility bits.Next was flickering.  If you use SMAA anti-aliasing things flicker everywhere.  Ultimately to get decent performance and visual quality I've turned off AA all together.  Even still I occasionally see flickering shadows.Much like Far Cry 3, this game can't seem to figure out what I'm pointing at.  Sometimes I have to re-position myself several times to search a dead enemy or skin an animal.Did I mention the obnoxious, long cut scenes that interrupt the game that you can't skip?There's not much new here; this feels like an expansion to Far Cry 3 with better graphics (though you'd better have dual GTX 980's if you want to run at that highest settings).  Overall it's still a fun game, but until they clean up some of the issues I wouldn't recommend paying full price for it."
,Not Recommended,298110,13055827,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Pillum,The game can only be played in local language. You can't play it in English. This is disgusting. No way I buy any games from Ubi.
,Not Recommended,298110,13073021,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,2kings,Once again another unoptimized buggy piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥by Ubisoft.
76561198011273655,Not Recommended,298110,13055913,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Captian Autismo,"Well, 5 days have gone by and i have not been able to play Co-Op. I have lost all savedata. unskippable cutscenes. Animals are WAY to tanky. And im dying all the time fromglitches. 8/10 deaths are from bugs (im looking at you wingsuit) After a Ragefilled 7hours of play (1.5h on new save)Go play FC3."
76561198036711288,Not Recommended,298110,13219560,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,GrandMax,"Well. Game is broken. No sound with Dolby 5.1 setup. Mouse acceleration bugs, no working controller support. Frequent frame drops. Far cry 3 was great. But not this."
76561198090732458,Not Recommended,298110,13048116,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Suck My Truchka,The multiplayer is terrible and a dull use of innovation. It should have just remained as a sandox shooter with multiplayer like Just Cause.
,Not Recommended,298110,13072436,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,CarefreeChief,"cant even start the game even after they say ""we fix the bug"" or ""the problem is fix.just dont bother buying the game theres a chance where you cant even play the game.wait probley a mouth or two when it gose on sale and get if cheaper and they have more ""we fix the bug"" bull crapand hopefully by then they will stop realeasing games and patch the ones that are brocken and buggy"
76561197987456054,Not Recommended,298110,13114597,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,theshanergy,"Sound fails beyond the first cutscene, so the game isn't playable (unless you enjoy playing in complete silence). Beyond that, it won't save my progress so every possible solution I've tried to fix the sound issue requires sitting through 10 minutes of the stupid initial cutscene which I've already seen multiple times and which you can't skip, just to see if the sound works (which it doesn't). What a waste of $70 and an hour of my time.."
,Recommended,298110,25262164,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,PaPa,"Review From IndiaTBH I bought this game becaise it was on sale. I never have played the previous versions of Far Cry series. So I thought since I already have GTA V, whats the point in purchasing  this, what more could it offer?But somehow I clicked the Purchase button and got this one. There were some issues after installation because CD-Key wasnt provided in steam section and ubisoft asked for activation key. Searched the internet and I am not the only one affected. Dint blame UBISOFT this time but steam, as its a shortcoming on their end (should have given us a key) .By hook and crook I managed  to launch the game and found that it was ubisoft launch which was faulty.(For those facing similar issue after purchase, try logging into uplay before launching game -  found in search box of windows icon)Pro's &  others :Anyways about gameplay - 1. Graphics are definitely nice. No doubt about that. 2. Characters introduction is nice start.3. Missions are engaging and we have a sense of objective and accomplishment +4. Interactive open world.5. GPS Autodrive is nice feature -  dint saw in other titles (which I know of XD)6. Stealth feature is good7. Level of Hindi Profane language - 8/10  : Seriously, the part i liked more about the game is adaptation of local environment and its language. Although its Nepalese in Nepal but Hindi is a more logical choice since it would be understood by the whole Indian subcontinent.8. Diverse dialogue selection -  for e.g if you search a dead body of enemy no one will say a word. But if you search a female dead body fighting from your side, then I heard someone say - ""Badtameeez"" (the person with no morals and has lost his social values). I was literally laughing after hearing this.Cons :1. GPS Autodrive is buggy. Once I chose to autodrive an auto and it it almost every other car head-on. I also committed a hit &  run felony once and was warned not to kill innocent people. Next time to make it more engaging I started hiding their bodies in forest.  XD2. No multiplayer/online foe me as of yet because everytime it says no Far Cry 4 servers are available. I am mostly a MP person because at one point of time SP ends and you may not want to repeat it and only option is MP, but it does not work so you play other titles.  :pP.S Doesnt have much time to play more but as soon as I have time I'll play more and update this review accordingly."
,Recommended,298110,28926770,Posted: 1 January,all,[G-MAN2][bodenebas]Billy Maize,very fun and educational
,Recommended,298110,27673786,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,It's MTFKN' Ben,This is game is legit.
,Recommended,298110,26868081,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,« POLARICA »,Attracting game. Fun Cooperatives. Many mission Lage map and cools storyline.Includeinng some DLS's what can change tematic if you bored the main one.Weapon's and Mechanics is great. I suggest this game.
,Recommended,298110,27888117,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,<<Mark>>,"Great fun, way better than number 3."
76561198076618470,Recommended,298110,28748042,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Ykköskalja Seriffi,FIX YOUR ♥♥♥♥♥♥ COOP
,Recommended,298110,28197412,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,speedy25563,amazing i play all the time i love it. it is defenitly not a waste of money
,Recommended,298110,27452087,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,dnn! gamdom.com,Jogo muito bom
,Recommended,298110,27478399,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Tusk the Turner,♥♥♥♥♥♥awesome tbh
76561198010566674,Recommended,298110,27521091,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Sarzzy,Competent if repetitive open world FPS. Nearly identical gameplay structure to Far Cry 3. So if you enjoyed that that should be good.
,Recommended,298110,29021973,Posted: 4 January,all,leo,ITS SO GOOD !
76561197971701104,Recommended,298110,28593093,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Happily Retired :),"Ok, I like all the Farcry series, but this is the biggest and best. I took a chance as I run an i3-3220, 4gb ram and a gtx 750 ti 2gb, which is below the min spec. Tried running optimized, but very low frame rate whenever speed or flight was involved, so set all to low (still decent graphics) and most of the time have a frame rate above fifty. Probably have to restart the game once or twice during a five hour stint, when frame rate drops to under five. Tried many things but restarting solves issue and what an awesome game. Will be upgrading my rig later next year, but very pleased even with a few problems, which are not the game's fault. Huge game and more varied than any of the earlier versions, love the buzzer, hate the eagles. 10/10"
,Recommended,298110,29010985,Posted: 4 January,all,BratmanDu,"Pretty good far cry game, 100%ed it, a bit too much collection stuff but i enjoyed the game overall. Side missions often more enjoyable than main missions."
,Recommended,298110,29197189,Posted: 11 January,all,Cel. Passaralho,Awesome game with some bug problems that must be fixed from Ubisoft in a future patch but I totally recommend!
,Recommended,298110,28195095,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Attac,its like far cry 3.5
76561197970408752,Recommended,298110,29129550,Posted: 8 January,all,squishysdomain,"For me it was not quite as good as FC3, but the graphics are truly awesome.  I upgraded to a 40 inch 4k monitor mid game and the graphics at that resulution really are stunning.Its a typical of-the-mould 3rd person open world real-time RPG. You start in one corner of the map and the things that are close you are ok, but the further you get from camp the harder it gets.  You have to make upgrades in order to progress.  You unlock territories by finding radio towers and converting them.  There's a lot of driving around and quite a few side missions to do.  There is a lot of grinding goes on but its very progressive such that the more you can do, the more you can explore, and the more you can do.  I never got bored with it and acually played it all the way through twice before I had finished."
76561198074168956,Recommended,298110,21297937,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,s3xRUSH,"First off, to those of you with the uplay error, simply un-install it and download from uplay official websiteAs for the review, Kyrat is simply beautiful! I love the atmosphere and I love the snowy setting. Its basically almost the same as far cry 3 but with lots more things to do!One of the things I dislike however is the weapon customization. You cant customize all of it which make variety limited (not all guns can have silencers). So you have to depend on signature weapons (personally far cry 3 has better weapon customization)Overall, I love this game and Ajay Ghale isnt as whiny as Jason Brody... Just saying"
,Recommended,298110,27051500,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Baduncadunc,"Although it eventually becomes fairly repetitive, as per usual for Ubisoft's yearly pump-out of its intellectual properties, Far Cry 4 still manages to encourage a play-through thanks to its consistent, if familiar, formula in open-world first-person territory liberation simulation (TM).You make some difficult alginment choices and if you're like me, will especially enjoy the main antagonist and character design. I do  feel the player's impacts upon the game world and its territories needs more substance beyond a rather binary ""you have liberated this territory,"" versus ""you simply haven't been here yet,"" and this remains a point of contention for me among Ubisoft titles. Still, they manage to scratch an itch when it comes to their subjects but could work on the follow-through more."
76561198194211183,Recommended,298110,28937227,Posted: 2 January,all,KyloRen,Sabal was such a♥♥♥♥♥♥and Amita is not good either ...If you found Bhadra after finishing the game please tell me..
,Recommended,298110,27862743,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,ツ Makumba ツ ♥ Shaundi,"One of the best games i played this year !Good Story ,many Guns what do you need more !"
,Recommended,298110,21276100,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Super Grill,"Very fun and awesome open world game, if you like looting, exploring a huge map and shooting people, this game is for you."
76561198043449834,Recommended,298110,13794546,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,KLNV,Being attacked by a bear? No problem. Being attacked by a snow leopard? No problem. Being attacked by a Honey Badger? Run ♥♥♥♥♥ run!
,Recommended,298110,21684813,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,neorist,"Amazing Game! The Free Roam so good u can find so many Animals!I liked the Himalayas Mountain too it's to damn good!Gameplay nice story nice too multiplayer nice even i don't know what am i doing on multiplayer.I'd like when i became Rakshasa, because you fight the Golden Path with Animals!And the random map made it from others player Far Cry 4. It so fun!I would like rate this game 8.5/10 still nice point."
,Recommended,298110,21698759,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Bacondoughnut,"FC4 is a pretty good return to the series. I would award it a 7.5/10, because of the sheer number of fun things there are to complete and participate in. Story is short, but after it's done (or before) there are PLENTY and i mean SO MANY extra things to do, that range from sort of fun to interesting and exciting."
76561198119624468,Recommended,298110,21007205,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Castor The Star,it's really fun and has a good story
76561198043593801,Not Recommended,298110,13043006,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Frank N. Stein,"Apparently Ubisoft fired all of their beta-testers and decided to ""Wing it"" with this one.  Absolute abomination of a launch.  Going on a week and I cannot even load the game.  This isn't a small ""Bug"" that could have easily been overlooked.  This is a game killing bug that is affecting thousands.  Patch?  Well, they promised it would be out on Friday.  Then they backtracked and said next week.  With their current level of dependability, I am not holding out a lot of hope.That sound you just heard?  The last shred of credibility Ubisoft had just flew out the window.  Hope those employed by them are wise enough (I do not hold much hope since they are all equally responsible for this idiocy) to start looking for employment now.  I don't see a company that actually released this pre-alpha as a finished product being around a whole lot longer.Its a shame.  They used to actually at least appear like they knew what they were doing."
76561198036190034,Not Recommended,298110,13073045,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Cindrose5569,Game will not work correctly for more then 5 mins befor it crashes. and steam support is no help
,Not Recommended,298110,13074679,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,flatmongoose,"You would think that a person would learn not to pre-order, and to wait for user feedback before shelling out hard earned cash. Not since the ""Driver"" sequel has there been such a low quality release of a follow-up product.This games is total garbage!"
76561198028806921,Recommended,298110,12998223,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,NCRDesertRanger,"Update: Do I recommed it? Yes. Does it have its problems? Yes. Was I bored by the end of the game? Yes. Do I still recommed it? Yes, but get it on sale.I plays almost exactly like Far Cry 3. Enemy AI is the same, behaves the same. Not bad, not innovative. Just more of the same.I felt the story was weak, and it made a weak attempt at choice for the main story. It's more of an illusion of ""choice"" because nothing else is different in the world, no impact is made or felt. It was ""choose mission A or B""; that's it, just a different mission. Whoopdie-freakin-doo! *sigh* I expected more from it.Great additions to the game:-The ""buzzer"" is a mini helicopter; flying around in it is awesome!-""Fortresses"" are beefed up super outposts, which are fun to take out. It's a shame there's only four of them.-""Shangri-La"" is a drug induced/mythical soul seaching trip that is the equivalent of ""Far Cry meets Dragon Ball Z"" in a cool, good way. By the third Shangri-La ""trip"" it's freaking awesome. But there's only five or six ""trips"".- Highjacking moving vehicles is okay.- Shooting mortars is FUN.If there are any questions please them in the comment section.---------------------------------------------------------Day 1: AWESOMENESS!!!! If you loved Far Cry 3 gameplay, then you'll LOVE this one. It has no severe innovation in combat, but it has a few new gameplay additions. FUN FUN FUN all around!Oh, and update your NVIDIA drivers!"
,Recommended,298110,21691211,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Haji Libre,"Honey badgers and Eagles. Kill on site. Trust me. Anyway, stabby stabby and shooty shooty in the backwash of a country. Go Rambo. 10/10 bullets lock cocked and loaded and 19/20 enemies (because there's always that one guy who wont move for sh*t) fooled by inifinitely annoying rocks."
,Recommended,298110,20827692,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Rektor Amzy,"Why on Earth do you need so many zippered pockets? What do you keep in them all? Handfuls of meat? Huh, I suppose you do. I'll make a note for my tailor.- Pagan Min"
76561198043475535,Recommended,298110,25060233,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,[81st] Sgt.Bloo,"Well... I played FarCry 3 before and when I started to play FC4, felt like FC3, mostly you do the same things... like climbing up some tower to be able to open up an other part of the map... reminds me of Assassins Creed... Ubisoft... nvm.The story is ok and the Sidequest can be funny and you can spend many time on collecting stuff.My biggest problem with this game is that it keeps crashing over and over again... all the nice fixes in the internet didn't brought me close to a sulution. So I would buy it again... and turn off my internet while playing cause its helping me to reduce those crashes..."
76561198071839908,Recommended,298110,21689484,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,vladjones,"Nice gameplay and stuff. And the antagonist isn't one, which you want to kill instantly. If you like Far cry 3 you will love Far cry 4."
,Recommended,298110,21075563,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Garudakingᶳ,"It's an 'Great/Awesome' game.For those who likes to play survival / stealth type of games, this game is the 1 for you!You can also fly in this game! (with a wingsuit of course). Well, actually you're able to FLY without a wingsuit in this game but in your dreams.Gameplay = 8/10Graphics = 8.5/10Storyline = 8.5/10Overall = 8/10."
76561198108157172,Not Recommended,298110,14070807,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Oy,The only reason I have 48 hours is because after It failss to launch it hides in my background procceses where I am unable to play it but still get hours.
,Recommended,298110,15148174,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Stillyackin,"Well you can say alot about this game, ill keep it simple if you enjoy first person shooters with an open world with which seems like an endless amout of side content challenges, quests, timed races ect. this is the game you want. You can litteraly wingsuit off every mountian drop, ride elephants, and gyrocoptors this game is action packed and very addiciting leaving you left with I want more. I highly recommend this game for anyone who enjoys open world first person shooters"
,Recommended,298110,19568992,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Nina Hooilo,I LEF IT
,Recommended,298110,13083072,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Orden,Probably the best game I have ever played.
76561198093702533,Recommended,298110,13318575,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,GingyMinaj,"This is by far one of the most fun games that i have ever played! I had watched my friends play this in the past but now that I have given it a shot myself, best decision I have made for games bought in recent history"
76561198119193281,Recommended,298110,27318779,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,No Hit Wonder,Not as good as 3 but better than primal
,Recommended,298110,29934855,Posted: 14 February,all,the epic scout!,i think this game is awsome itss a 10/10 rewareded game when i was playing and im met the taylor guy i thougt he whould make you a disgues in the game thank you for making this game :D
76561198032323440,Not Recommended,298110,14420529,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,African Warlord,"Would'nt recomend, downloaded upon purchase then it would'nt start. No matter what i tried it refused to start without giving me a error message. Unfortunate considering Far Cry 3 was a really good game. This review will change if and only if i either get the game working with assistance from ubisoft or they refund me the price of £45."
,Recommended,298110,30642890,Posted: 20 March,all,HabaBaba,"Definitely a good successor to Far Cry 3. The game is perfect, from missions to free-world exploring and side-quest giving you lots to do. Can at times be repetitive which is the only downside, other than that it's a great game"
76561198069870403,Recommended,298110,14169035,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,PetRockHD,"Was flying a helicopter, spun out and landed it at an outpost, heard a honey badger.. it took 2 rockets to the face and then killed me.10/10 Ign would play again"
,Recommended,298110,13024212,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,John Fitzgerald Kennedy,"It's like Far Cry 3 but better. Buy it if you liked Far Cry 3, don't if you didn't."
,Recommended,298110,32898053,Posted: 27 June,all,Nameless King,I can't stop shooting.
,Recommended,298110,33016573,Posted: 29 June,all,Valhalla,Its like FC 3 but I just love sand man runs
,Recommended,298110,32980893,Posted: 29 June,all,и ๏,"First Far Cry game I've ever bought and without a doubt im impressed. I'm only 38% through however from what I can tell, the AI is amazing, graphics are beautiful and the story is a 8/10. I recommend this game to anyone while it's on sale however for full price I'd expect a better storyline.Great game9/10"
,Recommended,298110,21029753,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,MeowW,"Great guns especially the snipers with silencer, Dont like that the campaign is on some weird♥♥♥♥♥sh*t hills, Easy AI, Love the Auto Drive option, need some aiming adjustements.Driving: 10/10AI: 7/10Guns: 10/10Campaign: 7/10Gameplay: 8/10"
,Recommended,298110,21042378,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Jimmybeaver,"OK Far Cry fans, well that sums it up really ... OK,They amped up the game play into a beautiful world were items are every where and the plot , well who gives a plot. It's far cry 3 with heaps less plot intensity but has ; Elephants you can ride, small choppers you can fly, grappling hook, eagles, and a few more things like auto drive for your vechle and more.PLOT: It tries to have heart and respect and some of it does but ; most of it feels like they are making a hole in your head, then filling it with gasGRAPHICS: Can only judge via my old gtx 470, looks amazing, even on low settings, pretty smooth6.5 Out of 10 would be injected with head gas again"
76561198274650597,Recommended,298110,32941954,Posted: 28 June,all,lalit.nakrani,"Believe me, you won't go wrong with this. I know I'm late to play this game but it's a wonderful experience playing this, waiting for Far Cry 5!!!"
,Recommended,298110,30213961,Posted: 26 February,all,Loading...,Great game 👍
76561198023208567,Recommended,298110,12999887,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,SHRN Bowmaster,"Day One ReviewGameplay: It's definitley Farcry, it's loyal to past gameplays while attempting to build on it. However there is a terrible lack of new innovation in the gameplay mechanics, the only major ones being the flight suit, and the grappling hook. Being able to climb in certain areas is interesting, but it feels more like the traditional concept of ledges instead of Wow I Just Climbed a Cliff. So while gameplay remains loyal to Farcry, it remains almost to loyal, and lacks any major changes. They also recycled Radio towers and Outposts from farcry 3, which add familar mechanics, but offer little in the realm of new challenges and modes.7/10Graphics: It's very well done graphically, not stunning photo realism or anything, but it isn't horribly glitchy or poorly optimized (LOOKING AT YOU ASSASSIN'S CREED UNITY). The game does a fairly good job of seemlessly rendering in additional detail as you get nearer to an object and slowly becoming less detailed and distinct when you back away which is a refreshing relief from the concerns I had after the Unity rendering made it seem like an seemless distance rendering was just gone from Ubisoft games. But Unity is a different review... The graphics aren't anything to write home about, but they are well done, remain very Far Cryish in their style, and are nice enough to just look at.9/10Enviroment: This is where the game really set itself apart. The enviroment is shockingly unique, from mountain paths, to long forgotten statues deep in the mountains. From bears fighting each other, to eagles swooping down out of the sky and picking up small goats (Which I just saw, it was quite amazing, very realistic.) The enviroment is incredibly fun to be in. You can be driving on a road which has had ground along side it for miles, then take a left and suddenly drive off a cliff. The enviroment has beautiful changes, snow, waterfalls, rivers, small temples nestled in mountains, wild animals (all but a few which seem to want to kill you). It's gorgeous. No better way of putting it.10/10Story: This is by far the weakest part of the game. The story is sort of recycled, much like the gameplay, from the previous Farcry. Instead of being on vacation, SPOILERS, you have traveled there to spread your mother's ashes, her last wish. Naturally you are kidnapped by an insane dictator, and thrust into a civil war, between rebel groups fighting for ""Freedom"" and the insane government of sociopaths. I haven't gotten far into the story yet, simply because it has interested me. Your character, unlike the previous main character in Far Cry 3, doesn't go through any sort of struggle becoming who he is, a warrior, a killer, a soldier, whatever you want to call him. He simply picks up a gun and becomes a super soldier for the Rebel group. There is no plot behind this, no explantion, no training. You just grab that gun and start going bonkers. Soo yeah. The character lacks development, especially early on, and so do a few of the side characters. The most interesting two characters are a priest who deals weapons (Awesome guy) and a woman who you will see quite often. Well the ""president"" is interesting too, in a psychopath sort of way.5/10Summary:The game has its' ups and its' downs. Like every game...Good graphics and a beautiful unique enviroment are hampered by recycled game mechanics and stories. Overall I would reccomend this game, but only if you are in it for wandering around, discovering things and chausing a general ruckus in a foreign land FarCry style."
,Recommended,298110,28923133,Posted: 1 January,all,rk is the best Nasus EU,far cry 3.5: better graphics and random fps drops edition
,Recommended,298110,21249410,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Bob,"Graphics: 9/10+Beautiful lighting+Volumetric fog+Dynamic day/night cycle-Object poppingSound: 10/10+Great voiceacting+Perfect animal sounds+Very pleasant gun sounds+Ambient sounds are amazingAtmosphere: 9/10+The world feels ""alive""+Animals work like real life+Cutscenes are amazing+NPC's react to the player-Random gunfightsGameplay: 10/10+Smooth gunplay+Perfect driving mechanics+Completely open worldOverall, it is a 9/10 from me! Ubisoft nailed this one."
,Recommended,298110,33118038,Posted: 1 July,all,rodrigul80,"A game with a receptive twist, leaving the player turning at its final moments, maybe waiting 15 minutes wouldn't be so bad...? Bah, what am I saying, go check it out yourself!"
76561198210683615,Recommended,298110,33146585,Posted: 2 July,all,Uranium,"Far Cry 4 is an amazing game - but I absolutely recommend a strong PC for it, it takes a lot of power to look good.Great story, great map with some fantastic detail, fun gameplay and new weaponry make this a runner-up for best Far Cry game out there."
,Recommended,298110,33250204,Posted: 4 July,all,imTacticalTurtle,"BRATATATATATATATATATATATATATATATATATATATATATATATATATATATATATATATATATATATATATATATATATATATATATATATATATATATA.Yes, buy"
76561198138853341,Recommended,298110,20636298,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,liteitup,Love this game. Could not stop playing
76561198136227456,Recommended,298110,14537840,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Torix,"hands down, worth the price,a master piece"
76561198312791988,Recommended,298110,26213493,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,✪Deluxe,👍🏻
,Recommended,298110,23916968,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,SUPER_STELLAR,Great game. Love the co-op option. Makes gameplay much better and travel with co-op is surprisingly great. Beautiful game. Not skyrim but it is pretty great otherwise.
,Not Recommended,298110,19697940,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Dr. Freeman,coop broken.
,Recommended,298110,17538765,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,toby.smith.1990.ts,"Contrary to the initial reviews this is an excellent addition to the series. One of the features I enjoy about this game is the hunting system, which is rather controversial as many seem to find this feature tedious. True if you sit there farming skins then yes it is tedious, however if you hunt on the fly making sure to always have you bow or crossbow to gain karma points then it becomes more of a ""bread and butter"" mechanic that brings in considerable cash as you go along. The story isnt the best that the series has ever seen, but nonetheless it is entertaining enough. The weapons are excellent and feel very fluid and precise, especially when using a good mouse with additional buttons for healing and weapon slots. Enjoy!"
,Recommended,298110,15599765,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,TS_plays ,Awesome story and nice graphics. You can have much fun with friends and interesting characters.
,Recommended,298110,13023705,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,EyecoN,Worth.
,Recommended,298110,33352848,Posted: 7 July,all,Reverso,"This game is good as ♥♥♥♥. It's one of the best FPS w/ story that i've ever played in my life.Shangri-La missions are DOPEThe only thing I don't like in this game is the co-op. (Only small quests, you can't really complete the story when in coop)"
76561198136191478,Not Recommended,298110,14381099,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,NOODLESHOT,i bought farcry 4 like 4 months ago uplay launcher thing wont load so i spent 60 on nothing TERRIBLE UPLAY
,Recommended,298110,15977463,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Leftovers,Love this game but it did have a few glitches
76561198052308999,Recommended,298110,16620279,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,NotJustHim,"Far cry 4 is game of the year, at least in my opinion. If you're not playing campaign, you should be playing co-op. Far cry 4 is one of those games which I could play for 10-15h a day without getting bored. Apart from being one of the most immersive and graphically stunning games I played in awhile, it has awesome co-op. Apart from a few bugs and ping issues (I'm in EU) when not hosting, the game is the full package and definitely worth the money (a lot of games aren't, nowadays). What makes the co-op great is that there's always something to do, it's not like you're going to run out of missions or something. Anyway, I'm rambling. If you read this far, go ahead and buy the game. It's an experience no one should miss out on. P.S. I recommend playing co-op while voice-chatting with some buddies. Otherwise the communication can get a bit awkward."
,Recommended,298110,27923003,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Chippie,"I do indeed absolutely love this game, it's one of the most fun games i've ever played as a long time ""gamer"" first-person shooter.When you're driving down a frozen river on a scooter jumping from mountain to hill while hipfiring an enemy with a .44 Magnum, it just feels amazing."
,Recommended,298110,33088767,Posted: 1 July,all,Einfach Crampastisch!,"This game is a ton of fun, adds some new mechanics, quests and the story is despite what everyone in this section says very well thought out, because you have to have to look at it from an objective perspective, a clever choice Ubisoft made when writing it: Everything Ajay fights for in Kyrat is the will of a terrorist group in order to turn the kingdom either into a drug empire or a religion-obsessed fascist dictatorship. This is why you can kill every possible leader of the golden path during the main storyline. That's why it sounds so repetitive because you are always the useful idiot without any choice. Nobody in Kyrat you kill is an accomplishment because it's all just unecessary bloodshed. This all gets pointed out by Min at some point in the game. Many people say that he is a worse villain than Vaas from the previous game, but they just don't get that he is no villain and Ajay is no hero. Min is just a helpless half-father to Ajay who planned everything out in order to help Ajay come closer to him. In the end, he does not even blink when he sees Ajay pointing a gun at him, he just takes a big sip of ""i told you so"". And despite what Min did to Kyrat The only real villain you encounter is Yuma, she is pretty much  just like Vaas with less screen time and the only person who really just seems to hate Ajay. The mission in which you have to kill her is even named after the mission you kill Vaas in: ""Payback"".As much as i like the story and how brilliant it is, the game is far from flawless:It comes with all the lack of polish you'd come to expect from a game by Ubisoft but i don't think that it is too much of a problem if you're not very picky about what you play. Another tip for everyone who wants to purchase Far Cry 5: Don't play Ubisoft games on launch, they are unplayable. So just wait a little when the hotfix comes out. Far Cry 4 was unplayable on launch due to the bad mouse controls then it got hotfixed. Far Cry Primal had the exact same problems and had to be hotfixed. Also, when it comes to their trailers, you don't ever get what you see, their visuals always get downgraded. Their gameplay is also downgraded because they didn't upgrade the engine in the slightest. The only playtesters they hire are some Youtubers in order to get this game more attention, not to get major flaws sorted out like the way scripted animations interfere with the detection meter, the ""city of pain"" mission being just a mess that screams wasted potential, the himalayan landscape that was marketed in the goddamn trailer being only implemented behind a paywall, dodgy hitboxes. I've also never seen a Youtuber doing a 100% playthrough. If you want to see some really nice gameplay videos on Youtube about Far Cry, please make sure not to watch idiotic Let's Players. Check out Clockner (This is not me shouting myself out, he'sjust a person that i think deserves a little attention for what he is doing)(https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5f-ChLiA0WiFnyx78miTOw). He does flawless mission playthroughs without any exaggerated and unnecessary commentary and in the comment section he shares some thoughts about certain gameplay elements, mission types etc., while always being very critical towards Ubisoft and their games. I have no hatred towards Ubisoft, i'm just passionate about a thing i spent 70 Euros on."
76561198065760889,Recommended,298110,19701104,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,puppehs,Much better than 3.
,Recommended,298110,13073804,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Obi Wan Kenobi,Chased rhinos with an elephant and whipped them with my trunk until they died 10/10 GOTY
,Recommended,298110,14453009,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Troyo,"Graphics and environment are second to none... and the gameplay is even better. Recommended if you like to explore. Also even more immersive and challenging if you turn the HUD off.Easily one of the greatest games I've ever played.On a scale from antelopes to hyenas, this is a definite mongolian koala."
,Recommended,298110,14226873,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Bokor,"Farcry 3.5? Not really. It IS everything I loved about Far Cry 3, but better. I'd say this is a proper sequel, but a ""safe"" one.  It doesn't change the gameplay, but instead it adds more things to do.The concensus is that the story of Far Cry 3 was more compelling - I agree. I just don't feel the same for Ajay Ghale as a I did for that other guy. Also, the choices you make throughout the game feel like they have very little impact except for the moment in which you make them.Far Cry 4 is still a great game. There are still outposts to conquer, with new larger outposts called strongholds. They added a controversial ""buzz copter"" to the game, which is a mini-helicopter. Personally, I loved the addition and made plotting my attack on outposts more enjoyable. In fact, the entire game has an added verticality - it takes place in a mountainous environment which allows for rope climbing and longer wingsuit flight.Unfortunately, I haven't had a chance to try out the co-op, but taking down outposts with your friends sounds amazing. Also, with the addition of user-made maps there is a huge number of things to do outside of the regular game.Lastly, if you have the computer for it: this game is the most gorgeous game I've played in a while. At 1440p 60+ fps it's breathtaking."
76561198275028263,Recommended,298110,21112999,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,csgoroll.com SoNIC <3,It is amazing game !!! Buy it !
76561198041832614,Recommended,298110,23523665,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,🍀Edward 101™,"Similar to Far Cry 3.The map is a little bigger and they added a motorized glider, so now you can crashland into a radiotower rather than climbing it.- you still need a U-play account8/10"
,Recommended,298110,13002297,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Witik_,"I highly recomend this, I had thought that this was going to be broken like Watch Dogs was and Assassins Creed Unity but its not. It's extremly fun and I havn't been able to stop playing."
,Recommended,298110,27984330,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Tw1nk,Cool Game :)
,Recommended,298110,14156919,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Connor,Amazing
,Recommended,298110,14892116,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,MrPapaSmells,Fun i loved the game
76561198003988085,Recommended,298110,13946978,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Orbital667,"0/10.  Months after release, this heaping pile of suck still launches into a black screen.  Forums rife with stickes urge you to run dxdiag reports, send system information, unplug controllers, verify cache integrity, what a load of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.  Stay clear.  You've been warned.***UPDATED REVIEW***Finally came back around to this and it was patched to playable status, ONLY IF all the NVIDIA stuff was turned off.  I think I managed to get away with using the nvidia hbao+ and it didn't crash, but every other feature caused display driver crashes to desktop.i7 4790k @ 4.4GHz with a water block and a GTX 980, SSD drives all around.The game itself -It's the same formula as Far Cry 3, so you know what you're getting if you're a fan of the series.  It has excellent mission and mechanical polish, and I did thoroughly enjoy the story line as it played out through completion.  There is a LOT of fluff, as is standard for your Ubisoft open world formula, but they gave everyone enough variety to taste.  If you want a 100 hour experience, it's here in the form of the 100%.  If you want a 30 hour experience it is also here, and it feels just right.  If you want to slam through the main mission structure you'll probably run through it in 15 hours.I did enjoy my time with it in the end, but it is still endlessly frustrating that flagship video hardware and AAA title integration is this dysfunctional in 2015, but in context this is a trifiling matter.  There's a delicious buffet to choose from in this game, and that shouldn't be totally disregarded simply because one or two of the things I was hoping to enjoy weren't on order.7 / 10 , You'll enjoy it, just don't expect all the visual effects to work without issues.  Still a gorgeous game, but some things are still a bit broken."
,Recommended,298110,13014875,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Sabo,Nice
76561198026387705,Recommended,298110,13189864,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,AmjuriNieren,"Well, I recommend this game, cause it give you what  you can expect: Fun, action and good graphics. You deal with quests in different approaches like slow, fast, hard or in stealth. There are manny quests, different side quests and a lot collectables. There are nice water places, like falls, rivers or springs. Nice mountains and a very good background.But there are some things they could have done better.The enviroment looks often the same especially the trees. The trees and bushes have the same density everywhere. Where are the plains, the forests or single tress or small groups of trees?After a while, when you got the AI of the NPCs, it becomes easy. I mean, an easy beginning is always not bad. But I have expected more. E.g. a hostege situation or a fortress. If I kill one, OK. But after the second sniper kill, I would call reenforcements, or kill the hostages, right? A stealth appraoch means no one sees my attack. Isn't it so hard to tell the AI to send two men after a noise? Or even harder an additional sniper whatching these two? This would have been really hard to solve. By fast shooting, good hiding, using mines or C4....And the story... OK. But why not summarizing your decisions over the quests in a final video (e.g. Fallout). I would have been a nice reflextion of what I did and how it changed Kyrat. And where are the atvantages of collection all the letters and such. A final quest for this like ""Hey you found all the letters. Now the story makes sense and we can go to the secret cave..."" And there are manny caves, nicely hidden, containg only loot cheast.All in all... about all the little improvemnts, and I could continue on this... a bit more ""love"" to that little extra could have made this game extraordinary."
76561198026284595,Recommended,298110,19702014,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,NotSure,"I hate FPS games in general...but the grandiose ones i love double .But  is on par with Doom, Crysis and the likes.Loved FC3  and thought ...hmmm ...wont be easy to top that . After the cinematic and first 3 hours of gameplay  i thoughtbuying this was a dive into the toilet , but gladly after 10 hours or so doing all the quests and sidequests the game actually opened up and so did my perception of it . Far Cry 4 doesnt hand you out its full story right away . When you start out the story seems bland and 08/15 *saw it ,played it* style. But hell continue it and chapter and subchapters open , and you find yourself craving for more.I wont go deeper into the story side of the game would be a shame  to spoil it,but if you wanna have numbers  its an solid 8 outta 10For the fight/gun/npc  mechanics  i strongly suggest you play this on the hardest mode...even for the mainstream casuals out there because in my opinion its the only way to enjoy the game to the fullest...trust me this isnt a Darksouls style hardcore mode.the Graphics are superb , enemy AI ist good to almost very good. Some weapons later in game are way overpowered ,wich makes your own hero killing stuff like Satan on Crack (but hey maybe its just me being once good at a game) so that was somekind a letdown even on hardcore modeConclusion : worth it YESEnjoyable: YesEntertaining : YES!Challanging : good to YESStory :YESShortcomings: UI Wheels  ...i just hate them+ a bit heavy on stealth play ... can occasionly be a pain in the a..some seriously OP weaponsVerdict : Worth every penny"
76561198013650763,Recommended,298110,30335601,Posted: 5 March,all,Spiral,"White screen crash, 2017, really, still happening! Just Googled this error and its been happening since 2014, holy crap! What is up with crapsoft and their bad products!"
,Not Recommended,298110,21093073,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,XeoKill,"I'm sure this is a great game, Too bad I can't connect to Uplay... 0/10 for ubisoft, 9/10 for the one time I played this game back in august. Don't even bother with this game now... Good luck to whomever buys it in hopes of it working."
,Recommended,298110,29119672,Posted: 8 January,all,Griffin,This was one of the best games I have ever played. I'm not a game reviewer but I loved it. I also got Far Cry Primal but not on Steam. Primal is the best too
,Recommended,298110,29129268,Posted: 8 January,all,Arnold Schwarzenegger,I love how you can get to the choppa.
76561197961196496,Recommended,298110,31108349,Posted: 12 April,all,coordi,"If you liked Far Cry 3, this will be a blast for you.  It is pretty much more of the same, but they have definitely improved on 3.  There are more animals to hunt, more items to collect, the gyrocopter thing is really cool, and the wingsuit is well executed as well.  I have spent most of my time running around on foot and there are endless places to explore with loot everywhere.  The game world is very beautiful and they have done well to litter it with interesting locations.I don't know how I would feel if I payed 45$ for it, but I caught it on sale and got FC4 plus Valley of the Yetis for 20$ and I am quite happy with the purchase."
76561198049409099,Recommended,298110,30735859,Posted: 25 March,all,big bird,this is a great game
,Recommended,298110,28621070,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Jafari,"Far Cry 4 is a game set in some fictional location just like the last game. I went into this game believeing that I had wasted my money, but by the end of the game, I didn't really feel that way at all. To start off, I really liked the setting. The huge hills  and distant mountains really made me realize how beautiful the game was, and not to mention the fact that the hills provide a nice place to start a long journey with my wingsuit! Moving on to the story, I actually liked it a lot.  Maybe it was slightly boring because it was your stereotypical ""Chosen One"" plot where a man comes to his ""real home"" and learns he is the son of a great warrior and all that, but I still found it quite enjoyable. What I believe added to the story was the fact that the villain was so enjoyable to hear from, I didn't want to barge into his dining room, eat his crab rangoon and shoot him up. He was very amusing on the radio, and I believe the voice actor did a superb job in making the character who he was."
76561198023054500,Recommended,298110,14257746,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,the mysterious funnel cake,"a massive world its about 10 miles in diamiter im not sure exactly but thats just my geussing, the gmae is very fun, altho the stealth mechanic is still quite anoying since you dont get an actualy strong stealth wepon for a long time all you have is a bow for the first few primary missions then you unlock the first sniper rifle but after you get the longer range stealth wepons the laud guns are allreddy good enuff so the game is realy good especialy grapihcs wise"
76561198269299104,Recommended,298110,21123247,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Adam Davey,"Don't let my lack of game time put you off this review. I had this game on Xbox 360 and it consumed many hours and days of my time, to no regret. I have seen many reviews stating that it's too similar to Far Cry 3 which therefore somehow makes that a bad thing. Wrong. This game still has the great ""freedom & base survival"" aspect to it, with a whole new country to explore.If you enjoyed playing Far Cry 3, or similar games such as Skyrim then you will love this game.Good points;- The leveling system and the complexity of the skills that are available for different classes and different weapons are vast- You can essentially fully customize your weapons (from reticle, silencers, magazine size, scopes & customize paints)- Graphics are amazing if you have a machine capable of running it- The adrenaline feeling that as you're wondering around the island you could, at any moment, be attacked by a lion or rhino and fight for survival!- The ""hunt & craft"" aspect of the game. The need to hunt different animals to craft weapon holsters and other items from animal skins (If you're against animal cruelty.. then you will die!)- The storyline is vast and will give you hours upon hours of gameplay. There are also many side quests that will keep you entertained if you by some miracle get bored of the other parts of the gameBad;-NoneBuy this game whilst it's on sale. Even when it's full price it was 100% worth the buy!"
76561198058895411,Recommended,298110,21132804,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Flaming_Crossbow,Beautiful Game. Great storyline. Great Great Great game.  Decent controls. Ingame graphics mostly around 35 fps. crowded scenes 20fps. ingame animations 12fps. @ Nvidia optimal settings @ 1080p. i3 4330 + 750Ti. RAM usage is about 4.4GB.
,Recommended,298110,21143711,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Øuantum3,"Incredible open world, magical, surrealistic, hyper-realistic; life everywhere and you can do whatever you think logical to solve the problems, you can draw a plan, or you can go at Rambo Style or both (if plan failed xD). The game still has some bugs and sometimes, the dynamics of the character are a bit unaccurated but the game is super funny. Shame there is no gore, like blasting heads, chests or blowing in pieces a soldier."
76561197997126030,Recommended,298110,20234478,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,©,Dank Game 10/10
,Recommended,298110,30389738,Posted: 8 March,all,TRAVISMAST3R,This is just really fun. Also you will need a good cpu and gpu
76561198248148468,Recommended,298110,30468284,Posted: 12 March,all,R3 Candyman,this is a very nice game ubisoft has worked so much with it so just go an play it
76561198081278365,Recommended,298110,29559689,Posted: 29 January,all,P R O U D,"Fully recommended,good story."
,Recommended,298110,30451114,Posted: 11 March,all,Devilah,"The storyline of the game teaches an important lesson. Never trust anything at first sight. Honestly the only person in the game who I like is Pagan Min. Sure, he may be oppressive, but he sure is my kinda guy. Amita is a female version of Pagan Min who favours child labour and wants to turn Kyrat into a drug trafficking country. Sabal is a religious nut who wants to turn Kyrat into a religious dictatorship. Ajay is the blood thirsty killer who kills thousands of people just cause he was told to. The only reason I didn't wait at the beginning for Pagan to come back was for the gameplay. Everyone in the game in a way is a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ But the least scummy of people are Hurk, and Longinus. Even the citizens of Kyrat are horrible people. They are also bloodthirsty, yet too much of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥to fight themselves. Instead they indulge in the violence of the arena. In the end, I respect Pagan Min and Longinus."
,Recommended,298110,21681799,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Alts,you can see boobz if you go to the animal battle arename likey
,Recommended,298110,29772674,Posted: 7 February,all,Milde,"While it's basically the same as 3, I find that the environment and setting are much better, so to put it simply, get it on sale, it is worth your time."
,Recommended,298110,30697320,Posted: 23 March,all,epicster,"Often difficult and infuriating, but the story is rewarding and gives lots of options that end up changing the endings pretty drastically. The story itself is pretty good though missions tend to get somewhat repetitve, but the characters and setting manage to keep it interesting,"
76561198001634749,Recommended,298110,24647017,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,_StanleyTweedle_,"The best of them all ! Absolutely gorgeous, solid story line, and boat loads of ways to test your FPS skills. best of all, 1000 things to do and 1000 ways to do them - play your style.My only critique is that the XP builds waaaay too fast. You can easily max out before entering the 2nd half of the game."
76561198094057058,Not Recommended,298110,16837325,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,JHawk,I loved this game untill they fixed all the bugs and updated it now it sucks. If it were my choice I would call it a movie because its got the typical slip on a bannana peel card. I mean with that card u could win a poker game at comedy central from the 30s when humor was so awfull that know comedians use it for toilet paper. but i kinda liked the game
,Recommended,298110,17430600,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Steve in U.S,Great game
76561198070313736,Recommended,298110,18318842,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Good ol' Rohan,"The game is good. The problem with it is that it is a little too similar to Far Cry 3. It certainly has its differences (karma system, fortresses, riding elephants, etc.) but it does not really bring too many new things to the table. Another problem that I have with Far Cry 4 is that it gets kind of stale after awhile. There are quests that fit into different categories and each quest in that category is essentially the same thing but with something slightly different. For example, I complete an assassination mission where I am required to elimate an officer with a shotgun. But soon after I receive another assassination mission where I have to do the same thing, but instead of using a shotgun, I have to use a pistol. It's repetetive. Remember in Far Cry 3 when Vaas says that the definition of insanity is doing the exact same thing over and over again? Perhaps he was referring to the franchise. On the other hand, the game is generally enjoyable. It's filled with satire and it just has this type of stupid fun to it. Not to mention the shooting and stealth mechanics are really well done. Overall, the game is really fun, but repetetive. But I really enjoyed it."
,Recommended,298110,31997391,Posted: 27 May,all,Skas100,"You can drive a rickshaw, and shoot while paragliding."
76561198068003589,Not Recommended,298110,33542588,Posted: 14 July,all,Apoco-Taco,"If you like enraging physics glitches this is the game for you, can't tell you how many times I've died on a grapple just by lowering myself all the way to the ground or got randomly shot up in the air and falling to my death or dying from a 4 foot drop.  Gun play is solid though if you only care about the shooting.  And finally there are way too many collectables everywhere hidden in annoying to reach places and a mediocre story that only keeps you interested by the occasional quip of the main antagonist."
,Recommended,298110,29786628,Posted: 8 February,all,: ^ ^2👌DAWE,Good Game
,Recommended,298110,32196781,Posted: 5 June,all,Penuckel,"Its one of my favorite games...Good Story, good graphic(!), good gameplay and good feeling while playing it. I like this one more than Far Cry 3 because the game flow is better. No matter where you go in Kyrat, there always happens something funny or exciting out there...In my opinion still the best Far Cry."
,Recommended,298110,20441575,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,"Sion ""Raz"" Robert",It's similar to Assassin's Creed Unity for me..I kept playing it until my head got a dizzy (in window mode I tried to reduce it then I found I just played too much)Too many things to do every where. Fast travel to take down this base! Fly to the fortress! Take out that freaking bear! And that god~ning leopard! Ouch a wolf is biting me mathafaka!Just need a partner though qwq
,Recommended,298110,35402866,Posted: 1 October,all,Electric,far cry 4 more like far die 4
76561197960636912,Not Recommended,298110,12999276,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,ArmyKIllswitch,"Don't buy this on day one, This game is riddled with some serious bugs, from the blackscreen Usb bug to the Sound and save issues.."
,Not Recommended,298110,13001880,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,anykey,A lot of people have not been provided with an activation code to play. I still can't play. Steam support does not reply. This is outrageous. I want my money back. Seriously.
76561197970404607,Not Recommended,298110,12999357,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Mister Devious,"I wish I could give this game a ""yes"" and ""no"" recommendation simultaneously. As it stands though, out of the ""box"" this game is broken, thus the ""no"" recommendation. I believe in due time and multiple software patches it'll live up to it's predecessor, which is why I also want to give a ""yes"" recommendation too.I see its potential, but as it stands now it's not worth the price of admission.What kills me is that many of these problems are obvious if this game had any semi-rigorous beta test: Key binding failure, lock-ups on loading, doesn't play nice with certain USB peripherals. These problems presented themselves to the public as soon as the software was unlocked. Why weren't they noticed at testing? Were they only testing the console editions and skipped the PC?Immediate and catastrophic failure of the software generally means there was a failure at the business level too. Ubisoft has failed it's customer base again with this failed launch and the problems with their Assasin's Creed: Unity fiasco. This title was clearly rushed, and possibly skipped beta testing, to meet an arbitrary market date. Based on what I've seen in the forums here and at Ubisoft, their lack of responsiveness and clear hostility towards making a good product, I highly recommend waiting to purchase this, and any other Ubisoft title, until it's market proven and on deep discount."
,Not Recommended,298110,13001827,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,und0ne,"I have been trying to get through the first mission for the last 2 hrs, hounded every step of the way by bugs/glitches that make the game unplayable.Dont buy this.. atleast untill they fix it."
,Recommended,298110,26855437,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TK-7435,did i ever tell u the definition of insanity
76561198068404776,Not Recommended,298110,13000947,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,audiblescholar,My experience with this game has been limited to staring at a black screen.I would rate this black screen 1/5. Would not stare at again.
76561198049380009,Not Recommended,298110,13010412,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Maarp,"Very mixed feelings about the game so far. The graphics are beautiful and the cut-scenes are very well done (although a ""skip"" button would be helpful, especially later on when replaying). Game play is similar to FC3 but that's not a bad thing.What makes the game essentially unplayable at the moment is the inability to save when you want to and the tendancy of the game to not restore checkpoints on reloads. This means you are replaying the same bits over and over for no reason.Worse is the complete stuffup on keyboard movement. There is simply no way to step backwards (seriously Uplay, seriously?) and other keys just plain don't work which leaves you stuck on ropes with no way to go up or down. Until this very basic bug is fixed I just can't recommend the game, which is a real shame give how addictive and enjoyable FC3 was.Poor start, this game shouldn't have been relased yet."
,Not Recommended,298110,13000935,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,JustPullen,What the ♥♥♥♥... Did I really just pay $60 for this? Probably worth it on sale. maybe...
,Not Recommended,298110,12999141,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,mrBlaQ,"Game doesn't work at all. Black window, no graphics, doesn't ever load."
76561198020472576,Not Recommended,298110,13002142,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Good Guy With A Gun,"There are several techinical issues with this game.  I have a GTX 750 ti and this game is unplayable.  UNPLAYABLE.  Avoid at all cost, do not give Ubisof money.  The worst $60 I have ever spent.  Wait till there is a steam sale and all the bugs are fixed."
76561198070158943,Not Recommended,298110,13001411,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Birdman13,Cant even launch the ♥♥♥♥ing game
,Not Recommended,298110,13010631,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,SPIRITBEARD,the game is pretty much what you expect from the farcry series. if you have a amd card like me then at least right now playing the game for even a short period of time will give you motionsickness or eye pain.if you have a amd card and are looking at buying this game then i suggest you wait until they fix the amd jitters
,Recommended,298110,30728094,Posted: 25 March,all,Preet,"Have completed this game many time on different platforms. Must say that on release this game didnt run as smooth as it did on consoles but over time they seemed to have fixed the issue.Story: 10/10As with the previous titles, Far Cry games have a very enriching and fulfilling story. There are many layers to the story, it plays with your thoughts. The writer's ability to capture this is truely remarkable. The character's growth is lacking in my opinion, unlike the one in Far Cry 3. I feel as though Ajay isnt the character.... rather kyrat is the ""character"" whilst it is everychanging.Gameplay: 10/10Very similar to Far Cry 3 which i am very fond of and enjoy very much. Some new aspects introducted, ie baits,  grappling hooks, guns for hire. etc... Some people could say it is recycled but i feel that they changed enough for me to have a unique experience all over again.Graphics: 10/10Aboslutely stunning, but you will need a rather good PC to run this game smoothly on ultra. The animations are fluid and stable.Overall: You need to have this game."
,Recommended,298110,23568548,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,xddxd csgoroll.com,This is the best game i have ever played just saying
,Recommended,298110,13000009,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,hOOch,It's basically Far Cry 3 in the Himalayas with a helicopter. 10/10 would bomb sherpas again.
,Not Recommended,298110,13007655,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Binary Daoist,"Good game.  I read complaints that the axis is calibrated for a gamepad, but  the gamepad is also oversensitive.Uplay is a total downer; practically a deterrant.Update: after 70% completion of the game, the technnical issues are beyond frustrating; causing me to have to replay the most tedious moments over again more than once...I can't endorse anything by Ubisoft/Uplay."
76561198004920293,Not Recommended,298110,13313148,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,BR3W$KI,"AFTER 5 MIN PLAY  YOU CANT FLY, DRIVE ,RUN OR ANYTHING ELSE WITHOUT FREEZING UP. SAME WITH 3. I THINK I WILL QUIT BUYING UPLAY."
,Recommended,298110,26900271,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mirkk,Good game.
,Recommended,298110,15394938,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,zorksox,"Far Cry 4 is an instant classic due to one thing: outpost liberation.  Stealthily clearing out an outpost of enemies with a bow is a hugely satisfying experience.  Every gamer should experience it.  Shadow of the Colossus has it's colossus fight.  Skyrim has it's dragons.  Far Cry 4 has outposts.  Now that I think about it, Far Cry 3 has outposts too.  You should play that game instead."
76561198047898407,Recommended,298110,15183180,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Icewraith,"Far cry 4, the best out of the far cry games. If they make another one it will be very hard to top this.If you thought far cry 3 was good far cry 4 fixes everything wrong about it AND does everything better. Pagan Min, the best Antagonist/Protagonist(depends on how you view him) I have ever seen, even better than Vaas. The enemies range from kamikazeing into you to strategically drawing you out of cover with a grenade, still not that many enemy types though. Shooting while driving is a new thing, except its hard if you don't have auto-aim on and you can only use side arm weapons like pistols. Lots and lots different of side missions to do if you finished the campaign. Karma is new for it give you discounts and unlocks weapons and skills. Map size is pretty dam big and driving has become smoother than far cry 3 (but sometimes I can't stand the radio guy). Flyable helicopters, throwing knifes and grappling are new. Super amazing graphics(what a time we live in!)When you skin animals you get bait which you can throw to attract predators to kill enemies. But there are also a new enemy called hunters that can only be tagged for three seconds and can charm predators to attack you, plus there is a whole new strategy for taking camps because the harder ones now have, mortars, machine guns, heavys, snipers, hunters and pyros.There are large amounts of weapons to unlock, with some of them being even more ridiculously over powered then if far cry 3.The choices in the game are a great new feature, for you have to decide between two people both of which have major faults.The plot is a bit weird because you come to deliver your mom's ashes to this place and to get there you turn into a mass murdering, animal slaying warrior that everyone solely depends on.Pagan Min's character and personality is some of the most intricate design I'v ever seen, and I would say he is one of the best character's in video games. Him plus some of my favourite weapons like the grenade launcher, crossbow and the machine pistol makes this a hard game to top for me (now if only they had some more melee weapon, like a katana) 9/10"
,Not Recommended,298110,13279531,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Geese Is Leese,"This is a fun game if it wasnt for the fact it cannot, i repeat, CANNOT support AMD graphics cards and only works with Nvidia cards apperently because my AMD machine cannot run this game while my Nvidia card, that is a later model than my AMD, can run it just fine...quite troubling really... when i run it on my AMD card which is a 6800 series with 16G Ram etc etc (it meets requirements ok?) i am forced to ALT+TAB out of my game for anything to load in correctly and even then it can take ages to load. Fix this please for the love of god...1 simple black screen patch is not gonna fix your game, if anything you made it worse!! bring out patchs progressivly rather then in mass like every failing game company!Gameplay 4/5 (plays some what too similarly to FC3)Optimization 1/5 crashes and needs fixesMultiplayer 1/5 fun but cannot do muchprice 0/5 this game is not worth the price tag that it has currentlyoverall? a potential game that could be worth its price tag IF the company that made it actually fixed the bugs and crashes the game hasmy recommendation: wait another year then buy the game, by then all the patches will be out and it will be playable."
,Recommended,298110,23245750,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,N9NΞCROSIX,Yis
,Recommended,298110,29232320,Posted: 13 January,all,LiamOG,Well this game is quite a cool game not gonna lie i dont really have anything bad to say about this game but what i will say is that this games graphics are remarkable and the gameplay is just so good. 10/10 for me i just hope they maybe add more weapons that would be cool. You can also play 2 player co-op  which is a very cool feature.
76561198019700657,Not Recommended,298110,32775496,Posted: 25 June,all,perfectfailure87,"Really tried to like this game but it's just not good. I liked Far Cry 3 plenty, but this one is frustrating beyond belief, has a crap story, poorly crafted characters... The most annoying thing to me is hunting. If you headshot some animals you can take them down in one hit. I've sat there with an assault rifle and shot a Honey Badger 10 times before it died. I don't know what they were thinking with some of the elements of this game. It's just not fun."
,Recommended,298110,14895740,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Silver Shade,"Far Cry C4 is fantastic and yes I said C4, because explosions are great. They are probably what makes this game pop and what makes battles/skirmishes so fantastic. The graphics and textures are amazing on all settings, and just like explosions color settings make this game truly an artistic masterpiece. The gameplay does have quite a similar likeness to the previous game. But it looks and feels different. The weaponry is very bold and even looks, sounds, and feels good. The missions are very unique and are not even remotely similar to others. The characters are very real and each have a personality of their own. (Except for the usual infantry/rebels)  I also absolutely love the new addon's in FC4, such as the special weaponry, mini heli, riding elephants, etc. Overall this game gets a 8.6/10and is easily worth the $49.99"
76561198078411332,Recommended,298110,15427571,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,MoFlavour,"It is basically Far Cry 3 with a new map and some new features. If you liked Far Cry 3, you'll probalby like this, too. But for myself, I kind of got bored, some how I liked the setting of Far Cry 3 a lot more.Overall not a bad game, 7/10 would buy again on sale."
76561197961219961,Recommended,298110,15436667,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,PepsiRage much Poonlarp,"Great game overall.  Don't let the unavailabily of service from the site, lack of customer support, or any unanswered questions that can onlt be solveld by a representitive that can't be reached because they're not available the the moment. stop you from purchasing this more than mediocre game!"
,Not Recommended,298110,14496157,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,bepcepkop,"Farcry 4 is a fantastic game about a black screen.I'm afraid I cannot purchase anymore games from Ubisoft until a fix is provided, or Valve, until a refund provides the funds to make another purchase possible."
,Recommended,298110,13058267,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,cri74,"Epic action, beutiful sceenery, a captivating story (tho it resembles FC3 in every way) and lots of things to do. Ive been glued to this game all weekend and wish i had some days off work to play more. I cant decide wether FC4 or Alien Isolation is the best SP game of the year.... Get them both!"
,Recommended,298110,17548728,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,♫ Wub Master J ♫,You get to ride a ♥♥♥♥ing elephant.... thats really all i need to say... really is there anything else to say? If there is just reread what I typed. Purchase the game.
,Recommended,298110,18177738,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Darkstalker Kaathe,"As Geologist . This game relaxing my mind , amazing nature Himalaya and great art."
,Recommended,298110,15757903,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,PotatoMan,"Would recommend, worth putting a lot of time into it to get to grips with all the side quests"
,Recommended,298110,18692079,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,evarno,Far Cry 3 with elephants and helicopters.Also worth buying to laugh at Yogi and Reggie
,Recommended,298110,25995724,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,D$prite,"Not as good as FC3 imo but it's still very open world, with good graphics and gameplay (stealth and combat) and an average storyline. It's VERY repetitive though, not within itself, but to FC3. It's basically the same thing more or less."
76561198342199704,Not Recommended,298110,27753918,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,christianballer3,WILL NOT WORK FOR ME
,Recommended,298110,14823816,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,)V(aster Z,"Great game! It's basically like Far Cry 3, but in a high-mountain chain asian region. I love the gameplay, the atmosphere, brings memories of my travel to the east. Love also the graphics, runs on my laptop on max (except the AA, I use SMAA using 880m). I liked the main story. Some of the side missions might get repetative, but in the right mood, the game + its environment gives me enough pleasure to finish it at 100% x] When it all gets boring, just get in the chopper and create some mayhem.All in all, really nice fps. But if you expected something different from Far Cry 3 (a lot of people did) avoid the dissatisfaction. Otherwise get it x] One thing I don't like is in the co-op mode, if I play with someone else. The second player cannot get too far from the host. It will just respawn him/her back. That's not exactly co-op for an open world game in my understanding x]"
,Recommended,298110,22312169,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Shinx,"A beautiful game with an excellent story line and engaging characters. The landscape is diverse and populated with an equally diverse group of people, there's always something to do, hours of fun."
,Recommended,298110,15440330,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,BuRny,"Probably my favorite in the far cry series. Fun as hell......love the grenade launcher for sure! Love to see the enemy trucks come rolling down the dirt road only to be blown to smithereens by the launcher! the little gyro chopper is probably my favorite gets u around in a jiffy.  Plenty to do in this game to keep you playing for a long time, which I really love in games.I would definitely recommend this game to anyone wanting to have a great time in a game!"
,Recommended,298110,31290472,Posted: 21 April,all,GraphicX,"Very repitious game, certainly not as good as FarCry 3 in my eyes.There seems to be tons to do, but none of it is fleshed out or very detailed/well constructed so just ends up being bland."
,Recommended,298110,31267288,Posted: 20 April,all,Vala,"The game is really awesome. Well the story of Far Cry 3 is lot better but Kyrat, oh man the open world of Far Cry 4 is really amazing. The game is totally worth it & even more fun when played in Co-op with friends. Only down side is story missions cannot be played in Co-op."
76561198049027852,Recommended,298110,14399187,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Eli,"Very fun game, decent coop. Story and cutscenes could use some work."
76561198087925906,Recommended,298110,15593441,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Pirate.L✪w™,"The story isn't as good as FC3. The FC3-story itself wasn't extremely good, but basicly ok and lived by the great characters. FC4 also tries to create some interesting characters, but fails to compare to FC3 yet again.Since Farcry 3 was an excellent game, Farcry 4 copy pasted nearly everything over and reskinned it with a new story arc. As sequels go, the motto ""If it ain't broke, don't try to fix it"" seems to work here. Great game, but no replay value. Co-op is fun, although it is limited to freeroaming and side quests."
,Recommended,298110,15393669,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,purpl,"Feels a lot like a polished version of Far Cry 3, with better graphics and better gameplay."
76561198079678841,Recommended,298110,23660443,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Fransworth,"Awesome game, love the custom made maps !!The guns are sweet, the A.I. are the best.The graphics are awesome."
,Recommended,298110,23642115,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Xardan,"Absolutely gorgeous game!!! I played it 100% through and it took a really long time, but it was fun. Game is really beautiful and functional. There's a lot of different things to do for all kinds of players.+ Really beautiful graphics+ Story+ Variating and optional choices+ Guns and upgrades+ Skills+ Addictive atmosphere+ Music+ Buzzer, mini helicopter+ Huge, i mean really huge world and many hundreds of hours to play+ Game mechanics+ Takedown moves+ Sneaking- Some major bugs (few treasure crates behing metal doors in a bunker, some locations won't unlock, few cutscene bugs)- Outpost missions always too similiar- I didn't like the Shangri-La and Yogi and Reggie missions. Too weird.I totally recommend for everyone!"
,Recommended,298110,23980010,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,USMC,good game for co-op
,Recommended,298110,29243705,Posted: 14 January,all,Shield Pearl,"Basically the same as Far Cry 3, just more Oriental."
76561198198869986,Recommended,298110,21068091,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Kylo Ren,Bought (with actual money)DownloadedLiterally can't open game since Uplay is down0/10 = uplayim sure the game is great but Uplay is absolute trash.
,Recommended,298110,33330177,Posted: 6 July,all,Arthunik,"my favorite far cry game so far, extremely good, finished it and played it to death on ps4"
,Recommended,298110,23886566,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Seven Minutes in Heaven,Not bad a.k.a.Story 9/10Scenery10/10Weapon6/10 (cause they only add some)Mechanics8/10Character Modelling 9.5/10Literally not that bad except weapons. They should be add some more weapons
,Recommended,298110,31352129,Posted: 24 April,all,Malakai The Ninja,"In this game, you're a tourist who just wanted to dump your mom's ashes in a lake in Nepal, but your crazy uncle or whatever wants you to come over to his house and shoot stuff. You hurt his feelings a little bit when you don't want to, but everything is okay in the end.Oh, and eagles are also out to gouge out your eyes, so watch out for that."
76561198260627242,Recommended,298110,20198850,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,E.N.D.,I Extremely love this gameThe GraphicsAnimalsand many moreI very Recommended this game especialy for you who have already played Far Cry 3
,Recommended,298110,23990047,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,FiRsT465,"Good looking game. I am not a fan of first person shooter game, but this one is okay. Riding on those elephants :D"
,Recommended,298110,28093041,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Spooky Pacifist,"I have to start this off with; This game is absolutely incredible. I have never seen a storyline and gameplay work so well together, and be so replayable and enjoyable. This game feels like a ton of other great games smashed into eachother. It's a mix of Just Cause, Battlefield, Dying Light, Shadow Warrior and Far Cry. Buy it, now.PROS: Incredible replayability. This is the first game where I felt like I needed to just keep on playing, that ""5 more minutes""+ Graphics are absolute wow, even for a game made in 2014.+ Good characters. I feel a connection with the characters.+ Great story.+ Tons of side missions.+ Tons of customization, guns and upgrades.+ Action packed.+ ♥♥♥♥ING RHINOS MAN.+ You can ride elephants into battle.+ Large map to explore.+ Fun missions, including stealth and 'loud' missions.+ It has the element of Just Cause, where you liberate bell towers and outposts.+ Coop with friends!+ Even though some of the side missions and liberating missions are alike, it just feels like a different experience each time. There's not an overwhelming amount either.+ You can choose missions that effect the outcome of the came.+ I'm actually struggling to think of cons right now.==Cons: Some missions are, oddly hard and are extremely infuriating sometimes.- Some bugs here and there. (Nothing game breaking so far)- Animals are hard to kill for some reason, they're not difficult, it just takes an obscene amount of bullets to kill them.==That's it, I think. At least from my experience. I absolutely adore this game, and as someone who wasn't really a fan of the previous Far Cry games I was reluctant to buy this, but the sale came along and now that I've played it, I would have bought it regardless of the sale. If there's any questions about the game or something, feel free to ask in the comments or add me.==Score: 9.5/10."
,Recommended,298110,17366606,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Daedric Dave,"Great game, it's slightly repetitive but there are a lot of choices to be made and a lot of things to do. On the downside there are a lot of bugs and it is difficult to run. I still prefer Far Cry 3 but it's worth the sale price (<£25). Play while eating Crab Rangoon for total immersion."
,Recommended,298110,19821806,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Gojirex,"Far Cry 3.1 was pretty good. Don't fix what ain't broken, right?"
35679832456788793,Recommended,298110,26780028,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,llZookDude777ll,"This game is simply wonderful, there is so much to do you will never really get bored, but if you do happen to get bored then you can play some of the user made maps. I would rate this game 10/10 would recommened again."
,Recommended,298110,28943301,Posted: 2 January,all,Niks,Far cry 4 is a bright and intense trip that is hard to put down .-great juicy picture- colorful music- crazy antagonists and protagonists- full Arsenal for top gunsI advise you to buy a ticket to Kyrat and you will remain there for a long time!
,Recommended,298110,14892670,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,PlzSpook,Soooo much fun. 10/10 would get killed by honey badgers again - IGN
76561197998285816,Not Recommended,298110,13177849,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Orandula,"Wow... just wow... it has been a long time since I have seen a finished product from a major company come out so terrible that I regret buying their product and wish steam would actually offer refunds. This game alone has destroyed my faith in Steam and Ubisoft. I have seen pre-alpha games that run better than this game does. I would not even pay 10 dollars for this game in hindsight. Nothing but story stopping bugs throughout the whole game.Run #1 Guy did not get tortured and had to restart the gameRun #2 The door leading to the guy getting tortured did not open so I had to go back to the previous checkpointRun #3 Guy was not being tortured so I went back to the previous checkpointRun #4 I could not pick up items so I went back to previous checkpointRun #5 The guy was not being tortured, I alt-tabbed to attempt to look up a fix. Moment I alt-tabbed the guy somehow ended up strapped to the board and I could finally progress. After the next room I went outside and nothing was happening, no truck existed, I could run through the main gate and down the road, could even drive one of the small vehicles down it. Went back to previous checkpoint.Run #6 The firefight actually proceeded and I got into the truck, nothing happened at this point.Run #7 Next thing I know an elephant is in front of me and the truck is driving away.Just getting out of the compound took me 7 attempts? This game is complete garbage, just like the parent company these past few years. I would not recommend it to anybody.Just for all the loser fanboys who want to cry about how it is probably my computers performance, I will list a bit of my specs.Windows 7 Ultimate Edition (64-bit)32 GB of Aries series G.skill RamAMD 3.6 ghz 8-core processorGeforce GTX 770 video cardAgain I repeat, this is a terrible game to buy right now and I would recommend that if you seriously want to buy a garbage Ubisoft product, wait a few months for the devs to actually fix the bugs, hopefully.UPDATE TO REVIEW !!!!I solved the problem, and it just makes this game even worse in my opinion.So I was using a 360 controller, apparently the game is NOT COMPATIBLE with a controller. Moment I stopped using it, my game started to actually function on a playable level."
,Recommended,298110,23496423,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Dr_ClownBaby,"Its a decent game.  I played for a few hours, but just got bored.  Exact same game as Far Cry 3 (imo)So save some money and get farcry 3.  If you like farcry 3 enough to basically play it again with new characters, then thats fine.  But I find the characters in this game far less likable than farcry 3 characters.I give it a 65/100Recommend: 50% off or better"
76561198066058713,Recommended,298110,32892651,Posted: 27 June,all,Nabrinax,"You can toss meat at npcs to attract wild animals, I had two tigers doing my work for me at one point. 10/10."
,Recommended,298110,32901055,Posted: 27 June,all,DeepFriedCookie,"I find this game very interesting, though the storyline may be a little bit boring, I find the free-roaming fun. I'd give this game a 7 out of 10. Because of it's constant audio glitches, but the grahpics are very beautiful. If i'm not convincing you, I compared it to Just Cause 3. Just Cause has always been a free-roam game, sandbox, but with also missions. Just Cause is known for it's sandbox, but after a while, it gets boring. ""Attack, Clean, Repeat."" ""Mission, Clean, Repeat."" This is my opinion. Far Cry has some actual side missions, like, avenging a death, assassination, attacking bases, karma assistance, etc. If you're looking for a fun sandbox, mission, free-roam game, consider the Far Cry Series."
,Recommended,298110,31984485,Posted: 26 May,all,andyeder,"I had planned on buying / playing Far Cry 4 when it was originally released... but, alas, that did not happen. It's only recently that I finally had the time to install and play through the game.Right away the game felt very much 'Far Cry' (having played previous titles in the series). The movement, the encounters, the nicely realised environments - they all felt familiar and I was quickly into the game / storyline. This was both a good thing and a bad thing. It was good because I didn't have to take long to adjust to the game and it's nuances, but it was also bad insofar that it felt as if it were lacking new and fresh ideas. In no way is it a bad game. Far from it in fact. I just feel that it didn't do much to move the series forward when compared to the previous titles in the series.Even so, I did enjoy playing through the game and was happy to work towards the 100% completion, too. As always the technical aspects of the game were nicely handled and I did enjoy the variety in the various weapons and vehicles that littered the game. The animal encounters were ok (and indeed were included in some of the missions and storyline) but I did get a little annoyed with the atacks from the air when attempting to stealthily approach an enemy-infested outpost or dwelling.Would I recommend this game? Yes - I would. It's a simple to play game, no frills, and nicely progresses the series. As already said, it's more 'mildly evolutionary' than 'revolutionary' in what it offers the gamer but, at its heart, there lies a solid and enjoyable FPS that is worth investing a few hours in (or more!) On a side note, it looks and plays great on an ultra-wide monitor and a top-spec GPU!"
,Recommended,298110,34514939,Posted: 26 August,all,Kazic324,"Definitely reccomend as not only is it a great game, it also contains a great storyline and intriguing characters."
,Not Recommended,298110,34597407,Posted: 29 August,all,Daddy Bernie,"I really tried to like this game but it's soo clunky. All my favorite parts of far cry 3 were introduced int his game, and then made only semi functional. A lot fo the on screen prompts are a large issue, climbing a tower and it says press space to climb, I press space, i slide to the left for no reason and fall off to my death. The devs didn't expand the render distance any from far cry 3 and the terrian is so mountainous that sniping isn't very effective in this game. I found the story pretty boring, but I didn't finish it. The ancient past wierd trippy sidequests where you fly around on air currents are obnoxious because the waypoints don't tell you where you need to actually go. There are no upgrades for move speed so your mvoe speed is about 2/3 of what it was in far cry 3, which im really not a fan of. Guns in this game ahve far more sway and are considerably less accurate than far cry 3.Heavy enemies can survive 3 grenades form the GL sidearm tot he chest and still lvie long enough to kill you in .2 seconds, so i feel they have an unreasonable amount of health, even considering they have a bomb suit on. The devs ruined the wingsuit, you lose altitude much faster than in far cry 3, and if you so much as touch the smallest branch on a tree you die, even your parachute will drop if you touch one of these branches so that you fall to your death, or you know, it will do that thing where you enter your parachute and your character immideatly closes it for no reason and you fall to your death. The new driving mechanics are decent i like shooting while driving but the autodirve barely works at all and will drive you off the road frequently. I'm not a fan of the weapon slots being assigned to specific weapon types it realyl limits my laodout. The worst part of all by far though is how in every other mission in the campaign the game takes all of your guns away and on more than one occasion it takes away your knife, which in my opinion, is completely unbearable.Overall, you should really play any of the previous far cry games for a better experience."
,Recommended,298110,17275700,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Coil_Whine,"Fantastic open-world FPS game that has great graphics, a well-written villain, and tons of sidemissions and content to explore. You can ride elephants!"
,Recommended,298110,15562250,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Vimvoord,Next Gen Far Cry 3
,Recommended,298110,15409548,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Sargento,Muito Bom! Vale cada centavo!!
76561198158273034,Recommended,298110,29097285,Posted: 7 January,all,krazyk1295,fun game
,Recommended,298110,22481128,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,pr1mary_c1l1um,"100%ed this game, but didn't get an achievement for it.9/10 - would not 100% again."
,Recommended,298110,32436029,Posted: 15 June,all,SwingLifeAway,"If you enjoyed Far Cry 3, then you'll enjoy Far Cry 4, as it offers more of the same open-world adventure as previously experienced. A bit dissapointed that it did not vary to much from it's predecessor, however it was enjoyable nonetheless."
,Recommended,298110,13328986,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Limelight,10/10 Would get drugged again.
,Recommended,298110,22079094,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,usp φ,"Weak story....The ""choices"" that I made do not have any critical impacts towards the enddingThe interesting thing about Far Cry 4 is that you can finish the game within 15 minutes LOL6/10Recommended if on sale"
,Not Recommended,298110,21653852,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,P*ter,buy 3 instead
,Recommended,298110,18864156,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Ḱńíǵhtćŕáẃĺéŕ,"I Like This Game More Than Far Cry 3.What I Love Most About This Game Is Missions.In This Open World Game There Is Too Many Things To Explore.And All Collectibles Are So Much Easy To Found.Weapons And Weapons Holsters Are So Much Fun To Watch And Use.Animals Are Much Active Than Far Cry 3.Like 2 Bears Fighting,Bear & Tiger Fighting,Wolf & Snow Leopard Fighting.Skill Tree Is Good.And This Game's Achievements Are Pretty Much Easy To Unlocked.I Unlocked All Achievements.This Is My Most Favorite Game In Far Cry Series.If U Like To Explore Open World And Want To Kill Animals Then This Game Is Definetly Worth A Buy"
,Recommended,298110,21144915,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Co0lestcat Gaming | CS.MONEY,Far cry 4 is amazing 10/9
,Recommended,298110,30575027,Posted: 17 March,all,🆂🅼🅾🅺🅴,"Its better then one,better then twice; its good for Views."
,Recommended,298110,27806188,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Utku,"Don't mind me, I am posting this review to earn the steam badge."
76561198163165875,Not Recommended,298110,13072187,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,zack1374,"many huge bugs released with this game and getting a response from ubisoft is like pulling teeth, i would not recommend any product from them due to their lack of customer support and release of several bug ridden games recently"
,Not Recommended,298110,13070852,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Tonyboj,"I have been a loyal customer of yours for many years. Most games, even small indie productions, have worked flawlessly. When bugs or crashes have occured they have been few and far between.After having played Far Cry 4 for exactly 9.5 hours I can honestly say I have never been this disappointed in a game I bought from you. Even though the game seems to be on par with Far Cry 3 in production quality it is completely unplayable. Black screens, grey screens and random crashes during the most trivial gameplay occur constantly. I waited for the patch that was released today with great expectations but it did nothing to solve the crashes. 12 minutes after starting the game today it crashes to the desktop.There is nothing to blame in terms of hardware. All other games from you work without a glitch. All software, Adobe CC 2014, AutoCad and multimedia perform without any errors. My system is rock-solid, running Prime95, Intel Burn Test and PCMark 8 concurrently for hours without a hint of problem. No overclocking, no problem with heat.I do not recommend buying this game at all, instead buy FC3."
76561198073406147,Recommended,298110,13009448,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,lightshadows,the best game ever. i love it!
,Recommended,298110,33120721,Posted: 2 July,all,Teloc Vovim,Very good
,Recommended,298110,16628571,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Pim #Baby Mario,FC4 Ubisoft ทีมพัฒนาสนุกปากเกมค่ะ <3 game runs alot smoother now I would recommend it to anyone looking for an open world shooter who is into co-op
,Not Recommended,298110,13123909,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Rasiterita,"As a guy who has played a lot of Far Cry 3 I can say Far Cry 4 is really overrated/overhyped. It is very similiar to Far Cry 3 except some things:+ They made the combat and gunplay even better+ Better and more fun missions+ Moral choices+ More sidequests and randomly generated events+ New fun arena mode- Extremely bad protoganist that has no personality- Bad story- Bad endings that are very unsatisfying- Laughably bad balancing and lots of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ difficulty spikes- Very boring multiplayerI will also copy Gamespot's review of FC4 because I think it's very accurate:70/100""Like the terrain if depicts, Far Cry 4 travels both high and low, representing the good, the bad, and ugly of video games all at once. It's awesome and messy and dumb and fun and annoying and gross and beautiful. Take any given adjective in your vocabulary, and chances are, it will in some way describe Far Cry 4.""Far Cry 4 is a good game but it is not worth 60$. I would recommend buying it on sale or not buying it at all. It feels a lot more like an expansion for Far Cry 3 than a new game. The story and ending is really ♥♥♥♥♥♥, but the gameplay is great for the most part. I would probably rate 7 out of 10."
,Recommended,298110,25955943,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Boxed up Bear,"This game is phenomenal. Wonderful storyline, amazing characters, and stellar gameplay. What else is there to say about it? It's a first person shooter, it's open world, co-op, and you'll enjoy playing it, guranteed. The story follows a voiced protagonist named Ajay Ghale, basically, he's a boring American who comes to the Middle-East to do some boring♥♥♥♥♥shit. Then it haappens, introducing main baddy Pagan Min. This guy's a riot. A textbook example of a villain. He's a gentlemen, with a god complex. Then you sit and have lunch with him, realize that he's a psychopathic dictator, and flee the scene. Now, you're left stranded in the vast land of Kyrat, with nothing but like a machine gun, an infinite supply of rocks, and a single quest marker. Glide through the air, crash into♥♥♥♥♥♥with a car, or ride a god damn elephant, what can't you do? You become familiar with the Golden Path, the rebel movement in Kyrat determined to stop the evil regime controlling it. You make decisions, kill♥♥♥♥♥♥ spare♥♥♥♥♥♥ and, in the humble words of our lord and savior Pagan Min, you get to TEAR♥♥♥♥♥♥UP!"
,Recommended,298110,18659585,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Lukeskyturner,"+ Beautiful graphics, even when on medium/low quality.+ Storyline is interesting; Even though I had a hard time getting into it.+ Pagan is VERY creepy :D+ Liberating outposts is easier compared to FC3.+ Riding on painted elephants.+ Karma events are cool and interesting.+ Arena is very interseting ;)It is definetly one of the best games i have played in my life :D"
76561198365132282,Recommended,298110,30355037,Posted: 6 March,all,Far cry 4,best game ......still i m plaing in 2017....open worldfpsstealthmany more like gta
,Recommended,298110,22482561,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,N20_RJ,AMAZING !!!! : 9.3 / 10
,Recommended,298110,14118089,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Wizardgamer15,"Great game-Graphics 10/10-In game interfaces 10/10-Voices 10/10-Missions 10/10-Open world 10/10Great game overall, but make sure you have higher than recomended because it is a big game."
,Recommended,298110,23980855,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,25ml,Far Cry world is getting better and better!!!
76561198063791989,Recommended,298110,28206262,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,You,"Be fierce, Ajay."
76561198090022251,Recommended,298110,18947446,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Arbi3,enjoyable lots of fun
76561198002148471,Not Recommended,298110,13194010,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,kolunda,"The game is pretty entertaining to play. The open world shooter platform is fun, the vehicles in the game are pretty interesting (other than they all go the exact same speed), and the grappling hook in a mountanious terrain makes running around and exploring worthwhile. The weapons and the customizations with them are also entertaining, but the skills leave a lot to be desired (I ended up having stacks of 10 skill points saved up because I couldn't spend them due to some skills requiring mission unlocks).The characters in the game are for the most part good, but there's also some dialog scenes and character development that have their WTF moments. I would say in all the missions were relatively entertaining, albeit very adult in nature. The in-game currency is also valuable as you use it to buy weapons / ammo, and it is possible to run out of it, but not likely.With all that said, lets get to the bugs / oversights in the game (and I'm sure I'm missing a lot too).First, you can't easily switch weapons after starting a mission. So if your mission requires that you need a rocket launcher to take out a vehicle, there's no real way to get one other than trekking back to an outpost to switch weapons to a rocket launcher, which isn't fun at all, or sometimes impossible if you die and you are at a checkpoint which wont allow you to go back.Second, the keybinds don't make sense for someone with keyboard and mouse. Like, you can press and hold Q, 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5 and bring up the weapon select popup window, but you can't bind individual weapons or slots to any of those keys... makes no sense. The game was designed with a controller in mind, but they could have put in the extra 2 hours of thought to do it better. I could be wrong on this, but if it is possible, it's not intuitive at all.Third, I'm going to go into a lot of multiplayer issues, and this section is pretty long. To start, how the hell do you make a multiplayer game that has no chat. I know there's a voice chat feature, but I've never been able to get it to work. I've only had one guy talk to me in game, and even though my binds are correct and my mic works, I couldn't talk back to him. If this one feature worked correctly, or if there was text chat, the game would be infinitely more enjoyable. It sucks when you're playing with someone and you can't discuss tactics to conquer an outpost of complete a mission. Huge oversight / mistake. This makes the game quite frustrating in practice. Next up, lets talk about the FOV when riding as a passenger in a vehicle. I don't know if this bug is due to me having the FOV cranked up to the highest setting, but whenever I ride as a passenger in a vehicle, unless I am zooming/scoping a gun from the passenger seat, my FOV changes to something like 180, and it looks like I'm viewing the game through an extreme fisheye lens. This makes me pretty nauseas when it happens, and vehicle travel is essential in the game. This leads to another common problem... half the time in multiplayer, my keybinds wont work... example: I can't enter a vehicle, there's no little popup to let me get in the vehicle, and if I press the key to normally get in a vehicle, I can't get in it. I have to completely restart the game to fix this sometimes, and with the way the game is setup, you can't just start playing with the same person again, it's off to search for another partner in matchmaking and hope it doesn't happen again. This bug happens about 50% of the time I play coop, which is stupid. It's not limited to entering vehicles... I've had my camera key stop working, the key to switch weapons stop working, almost every every in-game bind stop working except for maybe WASD, thats about it. Hugely disappointing. Then there's the ammo bug, where you'll enter a game with full ammo in multiplayer, and then have a fraction of that ammo available. So you go and refill your ammo (which is quite expensive), and then have the same thing happen again the next game. I realized after paying a ton of money to refill my ammo and saying forget it, that if I waited for a long enough time in game, my ammo would magically appear. Pretty frustrating to say the least.In conclusion, I'd say the game was probably not worth the money. The bugs / game oversights I mentioned above really turned me from someone who liked the concept of the game into someone who isn't a huge fan of the devs / ubisoft for what they left out. Just the lack of multiplayer chat is a gameplay dealbreaker, and tie that in with the bugs I listed and the ones I forgot about, and you get a half-baked game release. I'd say still get the game if you like what you've seen in trailers / gameplay, but wait till it goes on sale and hope they fixed the bugs."
76561198115001470,Not Recommended,298110,13233968,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,andrewmrph7,You willbe lucky if the game even starts up. Never supporting ubisoft again and am very reluctant to ever buy digital games again. It takes me about 8 hours at work to make the money i spent on this and i havent been able to play it. I want a refund.
,Not Recommended,298110,32699792,Posted: 23 June,all,christick,"Using a controller (xbox) with this game is impossible. the cutscenes do not work, i literally have to Alt+Tab out and back in to make certain cutscene scripts work, which of course mean no immersion at all.after lots of research i believe it is controller related but not 100% sure.loading screen was also buggy and error ""connecting"" when starting Offline game.P.S Ubisoft you are a terrible game maker, why do i need you ridiculous Uplay (which no one like or uses) and why do you not fix issues like this in games.if you want to contact me my Ubisoft user name is UbisoftisrubbishI bet this is a great game i would have played it coop with my bro but now neither of us will own it.Refund please."
,Recommended,298110,24270603,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,simple_logic_,"The Shortest Review for ""Far Cry 4"" you will EVER see:Score: 9.5/10 - Excellent!Worth the Buy? - Yes, Full Price Worthy!There you have it, that is my Review for ""Far Cry 4""!k bye"
,Not Recommended,298110,21378748,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,MaroBaro,"With its expansion Dying Light basically does everything better, so there is that.Story is kind a dumb, and you can't skip the fing cutscenes. I mean seriously, if you freaking fail right after getting a mission or something you have to watch the whole cutscene again...  Like seriously???!?! And the story itself is not that exciting either, you are some dude that just goes around and tells everyone how he is a tourist while simulataniously literally leading a rebellion.Gameplay mechanics are dumb, there are animals everywhere and they freaking making it almost impossible to go around on foot until you get a skill that takes a while. The ability tree is boooooooring. Half of the skills are literally you can carry 3 of this, now you can carry 4. Or you have 3 life, now you have 4. I guess the stealth skills are cool if you were doing CQC combat which you almost never do since everyone has a freaking rifle or a shotgun and can randomly see you. Another game with lame stealth mechanics.Of course the AI is completely braindead again.Like I said they can randomly see you and are hive mind since as soon as one knows where you are everyone knows. And difficulty doesn't make them smarter, just more of a bullet spounges.Vehicles are pointless again since basically either you control the territory and no need to drive, or you don't so there is a freaking patrol or a vehicle every few feet.And then the freaking towers, boooooring. What is with ubi and towers by the way?Anyway, whatever. Good to kill an afternoon I guess, or actually not because you will just be watching unskippable cutscenes most of the time, doing stupid fetch quests, or climbing towers."
,Not Recommended,298110,12999698,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,"""Not Surprised M*F*ers""","As it is right now, I cannot recommend this game due to the chance that other users can have the  same result as me.  The game is a complete slide show and the only way I can hold 60 FPS is to turn everything to low and turn off every option  that can be turned off.  The mouse movement in the game is some of the worst I have ever seen.  This game is a clunky stuttering mess.  Any thing less that 58 FPS looks horrible with vsync on or off.  Anything above 60 which is rare, the game tears massively.  The performance in this game is the  worst I have seen from any game in my steam library or otherwise.  I obviously meet the recommended  requirements for the game and have the lastest nvidia drivers and windows updates installed.  My pc may not be the monster it once was but it is still quite good.  I have  3.8  hours on record and the whole time was spent messing with settings to get the game to run properly.  To no avail, I am waiting for a patch.  Impatiently I might add.Running:i7 3770k @ 4.6GhzAsus P8Z77-V pro16GB G.Skill Ripjaw 1600Mhz DDR3EVGA GTX680 FTW 4GBSamsung 840 Pro 512GB SSDZalman CNPS9900Max cooler950 watt PCPower&Cooling Silencer Mk IICoolermaster HAF-X Full TowerAsus 27"" 1080p LEDRazer Blackwidow Ultimate 2013Logitech G9x"
76561198144162540,Not Recommended,298110,13010096,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Dankon14,"I have a brand new and reasonably powerful computer, but yet I couldn't even play because the game was just too choppy, even in the lowest setting.  Hopefully there will be a patch that can help make this more accessible."
76561198139646471,Not Recommended,298110,13007115,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Azzerbad,Get This ♥♥♥♥ing GAME working.
,Recommended,298110,28126791,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,bnollbnoll,"In Far Cry 4, my first game of the franchise, I had a tremendous time. I felt like I connected with the campaign as if I were the one playing it. The combat was exciting, the characters were powerful, and the enviroment was beautiful. I felt as if the missions in this could be frustrating at times, yet never seeming to get old. The map is enormous and has loads of side quests and activities to do. My favorite part of the entire game was the ending and (won't spoil it) the progression of Amita and Sabal. The main problem is that it requires a heavy gpu, yet with a 960 I was able to run very well."
,Recommended,298110,13029539,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,zzz,>put it in the himalayas>can't go to the mountains>tfwuninstalling game right now
76561198118726566,Recommended,298110,32829822,Posted: 26 June,all,Brocode,100+ hrs and still not sick of it
,Recommended,298110,30673009,Posted: 22 March,all,G3N3RAL ZOD,"Die Hard Fan Of Far Cry Series After Played Far Cry 3. If I Compare With Far Cry 3 , Far Cry 4 Is Not That Kind Of Epic Like Far Cry 3 Was. Killing Bosses In Far Cry 3 Was Quite Fun, But In Far Cry 4 It Was Damn Easy And No Fun. Only Combat System What I Like Most In Far Cry 4. But I Enjoyed The Whole Game . 70% Achievement Completed. So Short Pros And Cons Of far Cry 4 In My View :Pros:Nice Game World.Best Combat System.Side Quest Was Fun.Shoot From Vehicle.Cons:Story Average.Boss Battle Was Kinda Meh.Rating: 6/10.You Can Buy It On Sale. Happy Gaming. Make Kyrat Great Again."
,Not Recommended,298110,26695016,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Adidas,"First few missions are fun, but quickly repetitiveness sets in. The multiplayer is atrocious as its uses P2P technology instead of servers. Too expensive for what it is."
,Recommended,298110,26755025,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,iResnuS,"The deciding factor for when deciding to buy a game or not: Was it fun? The answer is 100% a yes. This game is one of the most fun games I've played this year. It perfectly ties a linear quest mission into a beautiful open world setting. It utilizes action-rambo style shooting and some stealth mechanics. The things you can do in Kyrat are endless, you can wingsuit off of a mountain, or drive your ATV off a bridge, even shoot down a f**king helicopter with an RPG. I reccomend this game to anyone looking for a generic action game."
76561198093801073,Not Recommended,298110,33704212,Posted: 21 July,all,Bobcat,Crashes all the time.
,Recommended,298110,33650589,Posted: 19 July,all,Marku da Piggu,"Good game overall.1. Lots of weapons2. Open world3. Buzzer and wingsuit4. Taking down outposts and bel towers are extremely fun.5. Take down animations are awesome!6. It's Far Cry, what do you expect?!Cons1. Poor amount of vehicles (in my opinion)2. Poor amount of weapon customizations.7/10 would not pre-order Far Cry 5...jk"
,Recommended,298110,33730104,Posted: 22 July,all,N-.-B,This game let you drive auto rickshaw with your buddy next to you. Best game ever.Bro Tips: Get a Sniper with silencer. This open vast environment gives you best sniping experience.
76561198044093997,Not Recommended,298110,33671898,Posted: 20 July,all,Behein Dachilis,If you liked the gameplay of far cry 3 its more of that. narratively its cliched and kinda dumb. halfway through the third act it just straight up stops being fun. the endings sucks.
,Recommended,298110,20710528,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,USAFMike,Kill people and animals.Watch animals kill people and other animals.
76561197971891966,Not Recommended,298110,21034930,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,·٠•đ.м.ц.қ.,uplay biggest♥♥♥♥♥♥on erth !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! n1 i buy the game and cant play it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198168461908,Not Recommended,298110,21372503,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,TFL | Senturion,This game is a reskin of Far Cry 3 and a poor follow up story-wise.
,Not Recommended,298110,20993335,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,daylightriot,Just don't bother. game won't even launch
,Recommended,298110,22860204,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Marcuz,more amazing weaponsmore things to killnice large map to exploremore animals to huntcrazy weird levels even if your on drugslots of side quest to dowingsuit was awesome to explore around the mapeverything was just beautifulCharacters that you just have to lovechoices you have to make( i cant deside who to trust )great best farcry i ever played
,Recommended,298110,22997546,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,MINI,Another unbelievable FarCry game.All thanks goes to Ubisoft.Pros;EverythingCons;♥♥♥♥in tigers.
,Recommended,298110,13084909,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Ehan Copulus,"[SPOILERS INBOUND]Everybody's calling this game a Far Cry 3.5, or a DLC that turned into a full game. I can see where they are coming from, considering the fact that the ending is nearly exactly the same, and they both include the ""spiritual"" elements, along with many more similarities. But Far Cry 4 fixed what Far Cry 3 did wrong, the small things such as balancing issues, but they also added a completely moreemotionalstoryline. It begins as a small mission to scatter your mother's ashes (which, if you wait for Min for 13 minutes at the beginning instead of leaving, you can do), but then spirals into a mission to kill him to free Kyrat and its people. Also, there are elephants, helicopters, handheld grenade launchers, and crossbows.420/69 GOTY"
,Recommended,298110,28932954,Posted: 2 January,all,Nauticas,"is k, too many collectibles and repeated objectives."
76561198115171635,Not Recommended,298110,13288019,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Tristan,"Uplay for me doesnt even update to patch 1.4.0, still getting black screen, still cant play the game, and I really want my money back."
76561198059507774,Recommended,298110,14285924,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,NoBSMartin79,"Everything is better than Far Cry 3. The graphics are truly next gen and the gameplay, story and refininement is much much better. I really enjoy the new mystic and the stealth is improved.Worthwhile to purchase if you enjoyed Far Cry 3! The CO-OP and the gyrocopter rock!"
,Not Recommended,298110,13290916,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Chimecha,"Yet another buggy Ubisoft game, the amount of glitches I've encountered is substantial. Not only do the inability to heal bugs plague multiplayer, in single player vehicle missions are extremely difficult to complete because half of the time they bug out. I've had cars fly in mid air and when I got out the game crashed. It's also possible to drive vehicles into safe areas (cities) only to have the car freeze and become permanently immobile. This is only scratching the surface when it comes to the amount of bugs I've encountered. I'm waiting on a patch before I ever go back to multiplayer.Another issue with the game is its illusion of choice ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and its anticlimatic villain. When it comes to selecting a side to fight for, you don't even know what decision to make as both seem reasonable. Only after the mission do you get to hear the other side's reasons as to why you're a terrible person for making the decision. When it comes to the main villain, let's just say he kills people that you couldn't possibly care enough about. Pagan definitely didn't have enough character development and the final confrontation felt rushed."
76561198100895120,Not Recommended,298110,13298571,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Apostle,"AMD GPU users stay away!!!!!  exteme stutter even on 295x2 , the best gpu on the market ..... this game was made for NVIDIA USERS ONLY!!!!! NEW PATCH 1.5 made the game even worse i went from 60 fps with bad stutter to 14 fps with worse stutter .... NEWEST AMD DRIVER PATCHES DONT MAKE A DIFFERENCE!!!!!, I WILL TRY TO GET REFUND,,wait a few months and maybe hopefully we will get a patch, but i doubt it, i have been hearing of the same crap in Watchdogs,,, over six months ago and it still is the same broken crap ......even with newest drivers it still wont work"
,Recommended,298110,13655390,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Bullet_Catcher*,Basically Far Cry 3.5 with new features and lots more to do on a bigger map.  If you enjoyed Far Cry 3 then you are going to love this game.  It expands on the previous story line but gives you the choice when and what missions to finish.  I also really enjoy the open world co-op that wasn't in the previous game.  You can now roam the entire country with a friend!
76561198151113027,Recommended,298110,34740868,Posted: 4 September,all,DatGnome,its a realy good story game
76561197992497887,Recommended,298110,34642252,Posted: 31 August,all,TURP5,Great game best far cry yet. Loads to do and excellent story.
76561197977892146,Recommended,298110,14426467,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,M6Hurricane,"If you liked FarCry 3, you'll love FarCry 4. I think that the story and character development is stronger in 3, with some gameplay improvements and overall stronger atmosphere in 4."
,Not Recommended,298110,13209714,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,paulio,I PAID $75 TO LOOK AT A ♥♥♥♥ING BLACK SCREENFIX THE BLACK SCREEN
,Recommended,298110,13077652,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Ozo,"Terrific!If you enjoyed Far Cry 3, you will not be disappointed!The story is alright and the acting is superb.I did get a bit let down with the co-op mode.If you and your friend conquers outposts, bell towers and fortresses together, only the host will keep the progress."
76561198018732414,Not Recommended,298110,13116091,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Serade,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME, It doesnt work nothing Ubisoft said they fixed has been fixed acording to the hunders of people on they're fourms. Bought the game and it will  not launch and steam or ubisoft wont refund the purchase so dont waste $60 like I didGAME WILL NOT LAUNCH"
,Not Recommended,298110,27917604,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,kanaria,♥♥♥♥ UPLAYyou don't let me play a ♥♥♥♥ing single player game just because your $hit server is down?
,Recommended,298110,23943475,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Der Kanadian,"Truly amazing game!Graphics, storyline, and Hindi voices are just superb! I fully recommend this game.I rate 10/10!"
76561198146975454,Not Recommended,298110,13145557,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,mason745,it is not letting me play the game do something about it please
76561198243945084,Recommended,298110,24207337,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Akivaizdas,Nice Game :)
76561198078643352,Not Recommended,298110,13008889,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,izenz2190,"So just got the game and before you can play the game you have to sign up for this ""uplay"" ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, after that I lunched the game and it failed to lunch ten different times I've uninstalled and reinstalled and still failed to lunch I dont know what I did wrong but for fifty bucks this game should work."
,Not Recommended,298110,13003497,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,PinkiePie,what.  the.  funk.  I bought this game thinking it was a finished playable product.  That is what I come to assume as a consumer... who paid money for an advertized item... that they were done making it.  I wish it was a law to let the consumers know they were not done making the funking thing but have to meet deadlines so they will sell you an unfinished and potentially unplayable and probably buggy game.Yesireebob.  A maelstorm of crashes and graphics glitches galore later--I stopped to do some research on how to MAKE THIS GAME RUN without funking me in the♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,298110,25334390,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Rooty Rootz,"After a good 5-10 hours, if you're like me, the game will start to lose its charm. I'm not sure if it's because it's just too similar to FC3 and what was good the first time around has to change fundamentally, or if it's just legitimately less fun. The characters aren't really charming at all (like any of them) and while there are some neat concepts (trips into the upper mountain regions, choosing between two characters, etc) none of these concepts are really handled that well. I would recommend FC3 over this one, it just seems to have more character and more meat to its bone."
76561198120247168,Not Recommended,298110,13091069,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Baller2much,WTF my game doesnt open!!!!
76561198152780989,Not Recommended,298110,13015177,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,hash1927,the game is good but when you buy EN versin not russian versin
,Not Recommended,298110,20454439,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Tomato Six,"There is only one reason I can think of to recommend Far Cry 4, and that's if you're low on sleeping aids and need something to lull you into a blissful slumber. The game is boring as hell, for the pure and simple fact that the designers just weren't thinking about all the game breaking mistakes they made that cause it to be an easy cake walk where you simply slog your way through the motions.Let me explain how the process of Far Cry works. What typically happens in a Far Cry game is that you are given the options to complete missions, find loot, and use it to buy weapons and upgrades. Alternatively you can activate towers in order to make the weapons in the game free. How liberating towers works (or rather how it's supposed to work) is that you travel to a tower, fight off a dozen enemies guarding it, figure out a way up the tower, get to the top, and press a button. After which you are rewarded with free loot at the top for you to scavenge.This was a fun and interesting challenge in Far Cry 3 because you actually had to do all those steps I just mentioned in order to activate them. But for some brain scouring reason, Farcry 4 just gives you a personal gyro-copter right off the bat. They're just lying around for you to get in and pilot at the start of the game.So here's how the game play of Farcry 4 goes: You turn the game on, get to the first outpost, find a gyro-copter and then you win. Because after that I never, EVER encountered a single challenge in the game.The towers you liberate are supposed to be challenging obstacles that makes you weigh the benefits of spending money on weapons, or overcoming the challenge of activating the towers to unlock them for free. But where is the challenge now? I have a gyro-copter. Now I can just fly to the top of the things, press the button and fly to the next. There are seventeen in total and I had liberated ten of them this way within the first twenty minutes.So now that almost all the weapons in the game were free and the loot at the top was mine for the easy taking ten times in a row, the only thing I had to worry about spending my money on was upgrades for the weapons. And let me tell you, once you fully upgrade the sniper rifle you may as well just shut the game off, because you already won. Now all you have to do is slog through the chore of winning.Liberating camps is easy as hell when you can just pick enemies off from a continent away, and most of the actual in game missions can be completed from a distance as well. Occasionally you have to fight a ground battle, but the enemies are so interchangeable and predictable that I was picking them off with the starting, non-upgraded shotgun and got by just fine.An exploration game just isn't fun when you can just fly to each destination undisturbed, and a shooting game isn't fun when you're basically just lay in a beach chair picking people off from the next town over. Sure you could limit your self to not using the copter or the sniper rifle, but why on earth would you hand the player those things and then say ""Just don't use them if you want to have fun?""It was particularly hilarious when I was given ""Tail the target"" missions. ""Oh, bet you won't be able to keep up with this guy as he's weaving and bobbing around dicey roads"" the game said as I rolled my eyes and just followed him high above in my helicopter, waiting for him to stop his stupid car. I was then supposed to eliminate him and the guards surrounding him in order to obtain a blood diamond. So naturally I parked my copter a good sniping distance away and easily picked them off one by one like cardboard ducks at a carnival, after which I parked my copter outside the cave I was supposed to enter.""Okay, now get the blood diamond. Good, now take it back to the dealer. UUH-OOH! We just spawned six bad guys outside your cave! Bet you can't fight your way through them!"", the game said as I rolled my eyes, got back in my gyro-copter and made my way to the buyer, looking down at the enemies shaking their fists at me pathetically as I flew away in safety.And then the game had the audacity to give me a mission where my destination was a league away. In that instance I was apparently supposed to trek through the wilderness and tundra to get there, but again, my handy dandy personal copter was sitting right there, so I just had my self some coffee while I held the forward button for twenty minutes until I got there and hilariously noticed from above an elaborate rock climbing set up I was apparently supposed to have use in order to get up there. You gave me a helicopter you guys! Stop pretending that I'm ever going to get somewhere any way else.The unbelievably short sighted design decisions in Far Cry 4 made everything that was fun and challenging in Far Cry 3 a complete waste of time. When you have to go out of your way not to use what they gave you in order to have fun, you're just playing a broken game. If you have Far Cry 3 and loved it, I say just play that again. Don't bother with this broken, boring slog."
,Not Recommended,298110,21021978,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,[CoF] Replic TuaniOne,"Maybe make the ♥♥♥♥ing game work via Steam only, instead of that crap Uplay programhttps://r21.gyazo.com/11ff1ffc7f0692a71b37fb794882e1ccThanks guys, wanted to use my ♥♥♥♥ing free time playing this, but then I can't thanks man!Fix this♥♥♥♥♥♥please.I'll edit the negative review once it is fixed, till then, fix it maybe."
,Recommended,298110,30313618,Posted: 4 March,all,I'm boosted,I would recommend the game!
,Recommended,298110,23495054,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,RainSpider3000,Very good game! Can easily compete with skyrim and fallout! Love the game. One of my top 5 favorite games of all time!
,Not Recommended,298110,29229137,Posted: 13 January,all,Cavtroop,"Console port, strike one. Lack of difficulty settings, strike 2. Misisons on rails, strike 3. has so much potential as an open world game, but spoiled by poor mission design"
,Recommended,298110,13074717,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Fweep,OH MAW GAWD AN EAGLE!!
76561197992801694,Recommended,298110,13737865,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,FreeAsInBeer,I threw a rock which caused an enemy combatant to casually walk over his campfire. His clothes ignited and he died.10/10 Would burninate again.
76561198024374915,Recommended,298110,34873579,Posted: 10 September,all,-LNR-,"Great Game , Fun to Play Amazing Graphics and Animation 10/10 , i recommended it ."
76561197999838249,Not Recommended,298110,13028500,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,captainjerry99,"You would think that a game that cost $60 would actually do something really strange, like WORK ON DAY ONE!!!!  I'm still getting black screen and 'not responding' when I click.  Heard rumors of a patch that's supposed to be out, oh TODAY, but still not working for me.  As for unplugging my usb devices, that would make it very hard to play the game without a mouse, and the razor one handed keyboard that I use.  Here is a question for ubi, are you going to actually fix the problem?  Or are you going to blow me off and make sure that I never buy another ubi game again? I can't recommend this game cause I haven't yet gotten to play it."
,Recommended,298110,13978506,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Sahkonteic,Ajay is the most OP character since Sam Fisher
,Recommended,298110,13074420,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Sho-gun Liquid,THIS GAME MADE ME SCARED OF EAGLES. THEY ARE THE SHARKS OF THE SKY. WOULD LOSE MY ARM AGAIN 11/10
76561198003124877,Not Recommended,298110,13074027,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,LORD BOWLER,"Unplayable, I'm uninstalling this garbage. Don't bother if you run an sli setup. I will probably try agian in a month or two."
,Not Recommended,298110,29406590,Posted: 21 January,all,Mountain Man,"I was eating at an Indian restaurant recently and, while admiring the decor, I thought back to this game. Back when it came out, I wrote a review that was in line with a lot of what was being said at the time: that the game was essentially Far Cry 3.5 but buggier. Yet I enjoyed Far Cry 3 enough that I actually considered coming back and trying FC 4 again. Once again I was met with repulsion as I encountered numerous ruinous features of the game:THE BUGS1. A bug related to graphic flickering on nVidia GeForce 700 series cards was never patched. The only solution is to turn down environmental detail.2. A bug that crashed the game whenever too many enemies spotted you in the Himalayan missions was never patched. The only solution is to rush these missions and avoid everyone, or roll back your graphical drivers to the point where Hairworks and godrays don't work anymore. The crash kicked the player out of the game and reset their progress on the entire mission, not just to the last checkpoint. I personally lost about 3 hours of play overall due to this.3. In missions where you step through to the next area by going through a door, you can short circuit the level trigger by meleeing the door instead of walking through it. The game will act like you went through it, rendering it impossible to open and giving you an, ""out of bounds"" warning and then failure shortly thereafter.4. In missions where you must avoid gunfire while flying with the wingsuit, you can occasionally be stuck in the crouching animation, flying ever higher for no apparent reason, until you're at the ceiling of the level.5. If you kill an outpost guard as he's activating an alarm, the alarm will not go off, but the kill will no longer count. You will then clear out the entire outpost and the game will not recognize your victory. The only solution is to leave and come back, allowing the whole outpost to replenish itself.6. If you end an outpost by doing a heavy takedown, the game will pop itself back into the native FOV until you do something that cycles it. I hope you don't get motion sick.ANNOYING GAMEPLAY DESIGNS1. Even on the PC, there are regular mixups with contextual controls. The number of times I have picked up a fallen enemy's gun instead of searching his body must number in the hundreds. Sometimes you can perform a ""Death from Above"" by just jumping at an enemy in front of you, yet in others you can fall from 1-2 stories and it will not activate. You will then be killed. I have thrown rocks instead of throwing knives, even though rocks shouldn't even be selectable for that button, and started healing my left wrist instead of picking up guns I needed to survive.2. There is no saving. This was also true in Far Cry 3, but it is a symptom of a bigger problem: imitation brought on by ""market research."" Checkpoints can send you back as far as 10 minutes. Do you like retreading the exact same area over and over because of a crash-to-desktop or accidental death due to contextual controls? Me neither.3. Campaign missions are typically started in the middle of nowhere so that you have to commute to them. This is padding. The world of FC4 is even hillier than the world of FC3. This is padding. You can't ascend past a certain altitude on the gyrocopter. This is padding. Cutscenes are unskippable even if you've seen them before. This is padding. You don't need to build a wallet out of rhino skin. This is padding. The wingsuit goes more slowly than before. This is padding. The focus syringe makes you run more slowly than before. This is padding. The game is full of padding.4. Everyone in the world has super senses. Even if you have suppressed your weapons, if you fire twice in quick succession (whether you hit or not), enemies will be able to see you if there is nothing between you.5. The animals are ridiculous. Despite taking place in a quasi-Himalayan steppe, there are literally animals every 60-70 meters or so. On your way to each mission you are almost assured of seeing at least one, if not two or more groups of predatory animals - which all attack indiscriminately nonstop until they die - attacking their prey. The predators don't even eat their prey, they just go around killing like it's an RPG. Honey badgers are insanely strong, having more health than yaks because of internet memes, eagles are insanely strong, able to pick up adult boars and carry them upward like pterodactyls or something, and even a little leopard will take about 5 machete whacks to the skull before giving up its pointless attack. The animals all hit much harder than the average gun. For example an eagle strike, which pokes your arm, does as much damage as a hit from a 7.76-equivalent sniper rifle. What is that?DUMB STUFF1. Every Westerner is portrayed as a loud-mouthed honkey not unlike Scooter from Borderlands 1-2, and why are there Westerners anyway?2. Speaking of Borderlands 2 (which I'm not exactly sanguine about either, btw), Ubi seems to have done some ""market research"" on its characters and decided to make its villain a flamboyantly gay version of Handsome Jack, down to calling you for no reason to justify the voice actor's salary, spewing ""humorous"" lines.3. Anyone who has a speaking part longer than about 3 or 4 lines has a clearly Western voice actor. I can tell because they sound like office workers or British ""comedians."" For example Noore and Yuma, who are ostensibly natives to Kyrat, this sort of pseudo-Tibetan/Nepalese area, pronounce the main character's name (Ajay Ghale) as, ""A.J. Gale"" unironically in unbroken American English. Props to the Amita and Sabal voice actors for not breaking character, however, even though there's no reason for them to be speaking English either.4. There's one mission where you need an oxygen mask to live for longer than about 5 minutes, and yet, as usual, there are giant bears, wolves, leopards et al. everywhere up there as if they don't have obviously higher oxygen requirements than a human would. How did they get up there anyway?5. The conflict featured in the game is so pointless that you can just circumvent the whole game by waiting around for 15 minutes at the start (not counting unskippable cutscenes). Ironically while this sounds stupid, this was actually the first way I beat the game because only an insane person would get involved in the war for such tenuous reasons.6. Amita is clearly modeled after Anita Sarkeesian, like some plea to Feminist Frequency to have mercy in reviewing their game. Ironically the rest of the game is replete with content that Sarkeesian would find offensive or indicative of patriarchy including but not limited to: women with their♥♥♥♥♥♥out for no reason, foreign nationals that speak unbroken American English for no reason, Amita is useless and needs your help for everything, the entire game is about violence and murder, the game's marketing depicted Himalayan conflicts as a ""vacation"" for Westerners, you can't play as a female, Amita is depicted as a terrorist whose only moral values stem from Tumblr, paper-thin crappy characters, and so on.7. Day one DLC, as usual.8. Double-layer of DRM. You need a UPlay account to play the game, and it even forgets your login information from time to time, requiring you to even login twice.9. Even more collection and hunting quests than before, even though they offer very minimal rewards disproportionate to the effort it takes to complete them.10. You can't even get all the DLC off of Steam.And there you go: 21 different ways that this game is a train wreck. I guess I should have realized there was a reason I stopped playing to begin with. Do not get this game."
,Not Recommended,298110,13274159,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Omeron,"this game was essentially far cry 3 but with two new mode of transportation, which are mini-helicoptors and a climbing with a grappling hook. the story in my mind was pretty lack luster, and the ending was of a more philisophical nature. i personally like philisophical endings, however as mass effect 3 showed, most gamers dont like endings where the ending isnt spelled out for them. the story itself was pretty lack luster, you could skip most of the games quests and you would still be fine with your understanding of the ending. that said there are choices throughout the game and perhaps its just my choices that made most of the games story pretty boring. i would give this game a 6 out of 10 due to its boring nature and rehashing of far cry 3's gameplay, but then you have to consider the bugs i ran into. i finished a mission that took me 15 minutes and then after it was complete the loading screen got stuck. now as a programmer i know that spinners are a sham, but the fake loader added a small chunk every minute to make it seem like its loading.  i actually waited 5 minutes for the bar to finish because i thought it was just loading a custscene or something large. once the loading bar had filled i waited 10 minutes (i walked away from the computer), and when i got back it still hadnt loaded so i had to restart the game and redo the mission. there were also a few other bugs like screen stuttering and eagles cawing rapidly (they caw when they lock on a target, but perhaps they relock on the target when they cant find a path to the target, but i often cant find them so its just this bird really loudly cawing over and over again). the third main issue was the screen stuttering, this game is the same engine as far cry 3 and as such there shouldnt be any issues on my computer, but you can just see the general choppyness as you move through the world. these three issues persisted throughout the entire game and while they didnt hinder me (as in stop me from doing whatever i was doing) that often (except the loading issue, which happend to me about once every 2-6 hours), i still think they are an issue that warrents inclusion on how i rate this game. in short ubisoft needs to get thier♥♥♥♥♥♥together and stop releasing♥♥♥♥♥♥poor ports on pc and rehashed old games in general (my point that this was basically far cry 3 with a different color pallete and two small features added). this is probably the last far cry game i buy, unless they actually change something about the game or actually take some time to write a good story, and even then ill have to worry about them just releasing it as a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ port. one last word to the wise, i regretted buying this game, if you want this kind of game but havent played far cry 3 then buy far cry 3, if you want far cry 4 then wait till its at least 50% off if not 75% off (i found far cry 3: blood dragon more fun, and its far cheaper). in short, bugs included, rehashed gameplay, reused engine and textures, and it being a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ port, i would give this game a 4 out of 10."
,Not Recommended,298110,12998391,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,_Ccooffee_,More like a Far Cry 3 datadisc rather than a full game... Paid 70 euro for something which has a price of 15. Big dissappointment.
,Not Recommended,298110,29067648,Posted: 6 January,all,Zarán,"This is basically Far Cry 3.5. Various small improvements, but doesn't fix the broader issues from 3. If you loved 3 and just wanted more of the same, you'll like this. If not, you won't."
,Not Recommended,298110,30715359,Posted: 24 March,all,Vulpes,Had some really good ideas. However they just took far cry 3 and copied it to a new country and story. Many things were not thought out or just not finished. Just another half-attempted sequel.
,Recommended,298110,34956452,Posted: 14 September,all,Krönen✠,"played it, didnt crash and i had fun so why shouldn't i praise it a little bit :3"
,Not Recommended,298110,20715155,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Bat Eyes,"I tried getting into the game. But its dull like other recent ubi games. I had to restart since I reinstalled windows, and it was a pain waiting to get through the dull intro  video and sequences yet again.First time I played me and a friend where suppose to playtogether. But you have to play a long time before you can play with a friend. I was also lead to think that we could do the whole campaign together.Why on earth is cutscebes not skippable. I was like, wonder when its my turn to play. The game was so happy playing itself."
,Not Recommended,298110,20997322,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Old Man Jenkins,"This game is quite fun.  There is lots to do with crafting, takovers, story mode etc.  Co-op is fun as well, but is oddly implemented.  The entire campaign is not available... and there isn't much of a reward for someone that's joining a game, as it does nothing to advance their progress aside from xp, weapon, etc.  Any Fortresses, towers, etc captured will not carry over once they come back to their own game.  Still... the coop is fun enough with a freind that this can kinda be overlooked.  It's basically just a great way to extend the game.  The reason I do not recommend this game is Uplay.  This crap is worse than origin.  Game wouldn't launch for me off the bat.  I ended up having to download Uplay directly from Ubisofts site.  That's fine... but why include a non working copy of this crap with the game?  Either include a working one... or include nothing at all and let me know I need to download it myself.  It also just doesn't work half the time.  I want to change my username... I can't as I need to verify my email.  Can't do that as attempting to just results in an endless loop of logging in and promptly getting logged out with no explanation as to why.   So... if you can deal with Uplay... get it.  If you hate it (I'm sure no one doesn't?) and can't put up with it's shenannigans, then skip it."
,Recommended,298110,12999066,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Keweiler,"I Love all Far cry games!It feels a bit like Far Cry 3, but it's really good!* The graphics are much better* Much more weapons* Bigger map* Gameplay 8/10Have not noticed any bugs or anything else wrong so I recommend this game...."
76561198129915211,Not Recommended,298110,13101583,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,jchristou,This game STILL does not play at all even after the patch
,Not Recommended,298110,13087770,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Jittle,"Don't know the game yet, negative review solely on compulsory Uplay requirement and the poor support from UBIMeet recommended requirements, fps issues on min and max settings.UBI has messed up my uplay account, can no longer access the game and the support from UBI is useless. Received three vague responses all of which were answered in my first support ticket.Last time I buy something with 3rd party bs attached"
,Recommended,298110,13008255,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,TheForilla,"This is Far Cry 3 but better. Better graphics. Better missions. Better wildlife. Better skills. Much better co-op. If you even remotely enjoyed Far Cry 3, pick yourself up a copy of Far Cry 4."
,Not Recommended,298110,33836060,Posted: 27 July,all,pH. mmSNAKE,"Far Cry games need their own thing. Something new and tangible. I enjoyed Far Cry 3 for various reasons, but it had its share of setbacks. This game does nothing to fix that. In fact this game is EXACTLY like FC3, except with a new setting, following a similar story.This time around you are Ajay Ghale, some random dude that apparently everyone knows going into country of Kyrat to spread his mother's ashes. That's it. That is your entire motivation for going into this civil war torn land full religious nutcases, fanatics and psychopaths. And hey, you are right at home. You are greeted by Pagan Min, with a disturbing yet charismatic violent entrance. Remember how Vaas had a memorable intro and become an interesting character, that just sticks out from the rest? Pagan is like that, except after the intro he shows up for maybe 5 more minutes in the whole game. Yup, not counting few radio conversations you don't get to see this guy much, despite being the only character that isn't some sort of 'archtype'. Anyway you are thrust into a civil war on the side of rebels trying to overthrow Pagan Min. You are the son of the man who started the resistance movement called Golden Path. Ok simple right.Within the faction you will have to make some decisions, mainly deciding siding between Sabal ( a religious zealot) or Amita (a selfish overly ambitious psychopath wannabe dictator). You think I'm exagerating? Play the game. Both sides of that coin are utter pieces of♥♥♥♥♥♥ best part is Ajay has no personality, so he just goes with the flow of whatever each side wants him to do...so he can find Lakshmana and spread his mother's ashes. In FC3 it made more sense, Jason went from a guy who was trust into a ♥♥♥♥ed up situation, trying to get his friends free to a person who slowly become a monster enjoying all the slaughter. Ajay just feel like a robot the entire game. No personality, you just do what Amita or Sabal tell you, with hardly any input. It's really agrevating, considering the actual plot twist, is good. When I saw the ending, and the final conversation took place all I could feel is regret at how much lost potential there was in this narrative. I normaly don't go on for so long about videogame story, but this really irked me. It had makings of something that could have not only been great, it could have been monumental for videogame storytelling, and in ended up a♥♥♥♥♥♥poor forgettable story.What hurts it most is the pacing. This is classic open world ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t: Pack as much♥♥♥♥♥♥as you can in the map to keep the player busy. Kills all the pacing. I spend hours doing radio towers and outposts that I forget what I was even doing in the main story. This wasn't a rare occurence. Nothing you really did in the main campaign was notworthy. Oh right there have to be drug induced sequences. They went atmosphere and the color. From gameplay perspective I found them annoying and I couldn't wait for them to end. Running around high looking for my gear with enemies popping infront of me gets old.On the gameplay end it is IDENTICAL as Far Cry 3. The stealth is the same, the gunplay is the same. This means it carries all its strengths and its weaknesses. Problems such as whole enemy camp knowing your position by missing one suppressed shot or arrow/bolt.  Fact that enemies run at you and fire at the same time with perfect accuracy. That all predators will almost always sneak up on you at any ♥♥♥♥ing point you are outside of a city.  Crafting and hunting system is the same. Weapon system is the same (nearly down to the same health and projectile values).This also means it has a lot of good, and a lot of fun. Clearing out outposts stealth wise is fun. Sneaking about finding best way to eliminate everyone without a trace is cool. Though exploitable too. I placed a mine outside of an outpost, car runs over it and blows up. I run up throw C4. Whole enemy camp goes running to see what happend. I blow up C4 and clear the outpost undetected. Anyway gunplay is pretty good. Guns are powerful and numerous, they added some minor weapons onto FC3's arsenal, most impacting would probably be the .50 cal semi automatic sniper that you can put a suppressor, or the semi auto grenade launcher. Other additions fall in line with everything else. You still get a sense of becoming an unstoppable badass plowing through squad after squad with your guns of choice.They did add co-op mechanic, and I will say it is neat to have another person helping you take down an outpost, but this is not the sort of game where I care much for multiplayer. The game isn't designed for that end, just sort of tacked on feature. It isn't bad, but it would have been better if more of the actual game features were unique or different.The actual environment is enjoyable, though less colorful than FC3's. Still it has charm. Elephant riding, mountains, snow and so forth. That part at least I found a welcome change of pace from the tropical island setting.To sum it up, this game is an uninspired copy paste of Far Cry 3. A lot of love an detail went into a different setting, but that is the only thing that sets it apart in a good way. Everything else is just a blatant copy of the last game. Same gameplay, same goal, same type of progression, same navigation. If they didn't put as much effort into creating Kyrat as they did I'd call this a 10% game and call it quits.(a game where only 10% changes from previous iteration). The story is a massive missed opportunity, they were on the right track, but dropped the ball on every possible corner to sabotage what small of impact it has. If you ask me if you want a Far Cry game, get Far Cry 3 if you didn't play it previously. If you did and want more, then get this game, otherwise just forget it."
,Not Recommended,298110,15408343,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Cr@pshot,Turgid plotline (again).....Farcry 3 rebranded at a ludicrous price.
76561198069199626,Not Recommended,298110,13057288,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,ak47 from csgo,"4/10 This game is absolute garbage.Firstly, I'm not experiencing black screens, which I know many are, but I still find that this game is unplayable, so even if they do fix the black screens, the people that are experiencing them won't be very happy once they do. Secondly, considering how hard this game seems to drive, you would expect it to have the best graphics on Earth, you would however be wrong. This game looks absolutely miserable, the light reflects off of nothing and just appears wherever it feels necessary, the people are blurry if you stand 5 feet away from them and have massive ugly blue outlines, and the textures are blurry, flickery, and stretched.I am running sli 780's, 1,000 ♥♥♥♥ing dollars of graphics cards, and can't even maintain 60 frames when in a village, seriously? Are you ♥♥♥♥ing kidding me? The reccomended is a 680, last gen card, now 2 gens old, and two cards that are above it can't even run it properly. When I am not in the villages, I can push 60+ very easily, however, this comes with one major drawback, the drawback being the constant flickering, dips, and stuttering.Another problem I encountered, on top of the game looking awful, was the fact that If I just so happen to hit escape to do anything, whether it be to change graphics or audio, the game will leave a frozen image of what I last saw on my screen with a lower opacity. So say that I was looking at an elephant and then hit esc, then I returned to the game and looked at a mountain, the picture of the elephant would still be there, just more transparent. The only way to fix this is to  restart the game and pray to god that you never end up hitting esc.Finally, the gameplay and level design. Your character feels heavy and held back. He's almost difficult to control and attempting to aim and shoot is nearly impossible. It feels like a cheap knock off of Farcry 3. The level design is much more linear due to the fact that you can't climb whatever mountain you want, and all the cool things are just distant static images. This game could honestly be the next Five Nights at Freddies, you know, you bring your friends over and have them play it for a few minutes, and then they want to kill themselves, the only difference being that FNAF, was actually trying to accomplish this.Do not buy this game, it is a joke. If you liked farcry 3, do not buy this game because of that, they are very different."
76561198125945586,Not Recommended,298110,21016175,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Monkeywithapc,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME IT HAS UPLAY IT WILL NOT LET ME PLAY OR ANYTHING
,Recommended,298110,13063884,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Tom BROdett,The Cry is Farther than ever before! 10/10
,Recommended,298110,13579530,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,cocacobra,"I enjoyed this game and would recommend it but heres my comments and critiques.First off the games story is lacking in comparison to Farcy 3. Although Farcry 3 had a pretty amazing storyline and really compelling antagonist (love you vaas) the mechanics weren't in tip top shape. Farcry 4 on the other hand is so smooth with everything, it honestly feels like on big action movie. The map is huge, I only got to the second half of it after 20 or so hours of playing but that was with a decent amount of hours on co-op.Pros:Amazing visualsEvery action is smoothDriving is still awesomeCo-op is funLots of things to doUnlock new mechanics as game progesses (instead of all at once)Spiritual storyline is interestingNotes are cool to look atCharacters are unique and humorousReplay value is very existentGrappling is so niceeeCons:Story wasn't as good as Farcry 3Villain wasn't as good eitherCo-op is a little bit glitchy, some things not showing up for both peopleMissions get a little repetitiveDidn't like the choose a side thingMultiplayer is worse than Farcry 3'sI just want to talk about how bad the multiplayer is, first of all they're all objective based, which is lame. I want to just kill people sometimes, also the weapons are pretty restricted and specific to which team you're on. At times it's really hard to connect to a server if you're not using quick play. Odds are if you're buying this game it's for the singleplayer, so I wouldn't be too deterred by this.Thanks for reading!TL;DR all in all this game is fun and the good definitely outweighs the bad. If you love doing crazy stunts to kill people, like jumping off a mounting to parachute onto a moving truck to hijack it, completely unscripted then this game is for you. It's got some RPG aspects, good storyline, fun combat with the brute or stealthy approach, funny characters and great immersion (i'd highly recommend turning off all interface aside from minimap)."
76561198024163947,Recommended,298110,13723466,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Justkaz,"Far Cry 4 is the latest in the series of open-world first-person shooters by Ubisoft.  To many, including myself, Far Cry 3 was one hell of an enjoyable gaming experience.  With Far Cry 4, Ubisoft decided to build upon Far Cry 3's open-world mechanics and add some new features for flavor.  In essence, Far Cry 4 feels a lot like Far Cry 3, but more polished.  For example, now random events happen more frequently, giving the player much more to do in between campaign quests.  There are more weapons and more vehicles to ride.  Outposts can be replayed infinitely for higher points and bragging rights on the global leaderboards.  Graphics have also been improved significantly.  Overall I would say Far Cry 4 improves upon most of the core aspects of Far Cry 3, but as many have mentioned Far Cry 4 doesn't break new ground.  Even so, playing Far Cry 4 is still a hugely gratifying and immersive gaming experience that will definitely keep you entertained for a long time.As for performance, apparently this game has had its share of performance issues/bugs at launch.  I waited a month for the patches to come through, and the current version of the game is very stable on my computer.  Running a first-gen Intel i7 and an AMD R9 290, I can run this game at 1440p at ultra settings with a decent average fps (about 50-60).  Obviously my setup is not top of the line, but even so I can almost run the game at max settings.  The only setting I cannot max out is the anti-aliasing, but I don't really care since 8x or 16x MSAA is overkill anyways.  If you are experiencing fps lag, I recommend lowering the anti-aliasing.  I'm not too sure why people are still complaining about performance, since I believe the game, in its current state, is optimized to run on PC fairly well (as was Far Cry 3).  37 hours into the game, I have yet to encounter a single bug or crash!To conclude, if you enjoyed Far Cry 3, you definitely owe it to yourself to get this game.  If you have ever played and enjoyed any open-world action game such as Assassin's Creed, the Batman: Arkham series, or Grand Theft Auto, I highly recommend giving this game a try as well.Final Rating: 8/10  Very good"
76561198020932371,Not Recommended,298110,30861792,Posted: 31 March,all,Ｆ ｌ ｏ ｇ ｇ ａ ｒ,Uplayhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H07zYvkNYL8
76561198024735888,Not Recommended,298110,13139534,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Spyder,"Although its a game that loudly proclaims its aim to be an open world, non-linear and co-op friendly experience it fails to deliver on so many levels. The co-op is limited to side quests and side activities - asbolutely no co-operative experience to progress the main campaign which is often where you need the extra help.Annoying, involuntary and lengthy animations can be very disruptive and can often be the cause of a stupidly frustrating death. For example, when climbing a ladder you are stuck looking forward the entire time, including for a good 2-3 seconds as you reach the top of the ladder. Now just imagine you are climbing a ladder to infiltrate an enemy outpost.. 2-3 seconds is a long time where you are clearly visible to the enemy and you cannot react to whatever happens. That is just one of the stupid annoying animations. There are many throughout the game that might look okay in trailers or may even look okay the first time you see them.. but after that they just get in the way. For an open world game you would think that liberty and freedom is a high priority for the developers - Farcry 4 doesn't seem to have this focus at all.Unskippable cinematics. *Face slam*. Yet again, unskippable cinematics with 100% cheesy/sleasy cinematics that I have no reason to watch. I have a distinct distaste every time I have to watch another one of the cinematics. For a modern game, it is absurd and arrogant that they don't have the ability to skip cinematics, especially when they are so incredibly unnecessary to the story."
,Recommended,298110,16646861,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,KimiYasi,10/10 Why?-Graphics-Story-Game Environment-All of  The DLCBASICALLY EVRYTHING ABOUT IT
,Not Recommended,298110,13167077,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Minty,"It has a bit more interesting world then Far Cry 3's, but honestly not that much,all there is is random events, which in total exist of like 3 or 4, random animals can be where they shouldn't, and there's more outposts, that's all they did. See those fancy giant snowy mountains that you want to explore, that they kept showing off in trailers? All backgrounds, the only time you ever explore them is a 5 minute mission that forces you there, you can't travel there or go back ever agqain afterwards.This game is a complete rip off if you already played Far Cry 3, you'd basically be getting the same exact expierence just about with a few ""neat"" toys. You're basically spending 60$ for a texture pack amd a helicopter. This game is also much more stable pirated even though it doesn't have a FoV option, it runs better then the payed version. If you played Far Cry 3 already there's no point getting this game. It's basically a DLC and I've heavily regretted paying 60$ on this game. This game honestly has a low quality build and is really♥♥♥♥♥♥poor considering what we should be able to do in this gen of gaming, this is honestly more of a 2010 game. Just because it has fancy visuals and animation doesn't make it good in the least, the game honestly in the end is more of a 30$ game. Though I am having fun with it, that doesn't mean I'm gonna look at it from a fair logical view.5/10, it's not terrible. Though wasted my only 60$ my family could get on on Xmas. (we celebrated early because things get busy, we celebrate when we have a chance)I much rather would of been much happier using all my 60$ on all these steam sales. Though I should of waited."
,Not Recommended,298110,20213863,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Maavrik (◠ω◠✿),"The game didn't work. After 8 hours of attempting fixes, I still had numerous crashes, terrible netcode issues, and microstuttering, along with mouse input lag, which ended up making the game completely unplayable on my machine, which has a 980 Ti and 4790k in it.  I really wanted to enjoy this game, but with how poor this PC port is, I can't believe it's still priced as a brand new CoD game.  I purchased AC: Unity, despite its terrible launch, and had less issues with it.  AC: Unity legitimately worked out of the box, and the only issue I have is with the optimization, but I can still manage a steady 60FPS with my hardware.  I sincerely hope my refund goes through."
,Not Recommended,298110,29510950,Posted: 26 January,all,PoweredByBalls,"Uses uPlay.Sign in with your username and password.Now it wants 2-factor authentication, but it's not set up with the Google Authenticator.Now you have to go to the Ubisoft site to sign in to create a support ticket, but you can't, because it uses Google Authenticator.Now you found a Reddit thread to work around that, and you can try and open a support chat window.Now you open the chat and it says ""Your chat request has been canceled because no agents are available.""Can't play the damn game."
76561197993275523,Not Recommended,298110,12997394,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,AngryCarp,Don't bother buying this game until they patch it.    It's a mess if you can even get it started which is dicey.
,Recommended,298110,13247437,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Ukozer,"FarCry4 это прекрассная игра, лучшый шутан с полной свободой действий за несколько лет. Ожидая эту игру я точно знал что получу, и игра полностью оправдала мои ожидания.Из плюсов:В игре невероятно красивый мир, первый раз поподая в Кират ты такой думаешь - Дак ведь это Скайрим!!! Однако получив свой первый ствол, все асоциации отпадают сразу, невероятное внимание к деталям акружения, разнообразные храмы руины, статуи, везде развешанные флажки, пряпки, неписи же ведут себя обыденно как и обычные индийцы, ходят полуголые ракрашенные красками и курят что-то сидя в кампании макак.Обыденные фишки от Ubisift так же из серии FarCry захват аванпостов, любимые всем колокольни(вышки), много очень много разнообрвзных необязательных заданий,Сюжет интересный, не то чтобы прям достоен какой либо премии но на 4-ку, местами дает немного поаргазмировать от происходящего на экране.Так же в игре появилась, какая не какая нелинейность. ~3 концовки. Причем получить одну из них можно в первые 15 минут игры=D ""-Не уходи попробуй крабовый рангун""Персонажи все персонажи, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ско хорошо проработаны, видно что над этим сильно запарились, их просто нравится слушать. Амита, Сабал, Пол, Нур, Аджай, Пейган, Еги и Реджи, Лонгин, Херк все круты обсолютно все, даже если они появлялись на считанные минуты, они запоминались.Геймплей все что я могу сказать, он есть в этой игре и его дохрена. Невероятная фауна, чего только стоят орлы и медоеды, вы от этих тварей еще испытаете столько боли, что тигр или медведь вам покажутся домашними зверушками а большая стая волков так пустячек. И не как нельзя не упамянуть слонов и носорогов, это просто машины для убийства врагов и уничтожения техники. В Кирате вас будет старатса убить абсолютно все, любая божя тварь, будь то солдат или рыба в озере.Что до основных врагов, солдат Пейгана ребята поумнели, стали хорошо видеть, хорошо слышать, замечают потерю бойца, реагируют на обстановку, когда их много они рашат а когда мало стараются зашкерится или обойти со спины. Так же добавили пару классов врагов по сравнению с 3 ей частью.Куча транспортных средств от вертолетов и разнообразных машин до костюма крыла который позволяет в любой момент карабкаясь по скале (Да в игре офигенная система скалолазанья.) взмыть воздух як птица и забрать пару врагов словно орел=DИз минусов, они не кретичны но все же:Тот же костюм крыло, он немного кривой и ГГ всегда норовит его открыть с небольшой высоты и разбить себе чучоло об ближайшее дерево или стену. А бывали моменты когда ты зависаешь в воздухе и не теряешь высоту летаешь вечно пока не врежешься в гору.В некоторых местах зайдя в здание вы можете увидить такое чудо Кирата как прозрачные стены, ""Нанотехнологический Институт Кирата"" посторался видать. Было это всего 2 ва раза.Так же иногда очень редко зависает HUD и не отображает некоторые елименты или некорректно, но такое бывало тоже пару раз за ~40 часов игры.Ну вот мой вердик пожалуй:Добротная игра для неоднократного прохождения по хардкору.И помни , если услышал медоеда и орла доставай свой гранатомет или РПК иначе эти твари выпустят тебе кишки ведь им на все на♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!"
76561197978847749,Not Recommended,298110,13015665,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Laser Fist,"Game is fubar, dont buy it, unless you want to watch the same 20 mins cut scenes over and over trying to fix a broken game. Maybe one day..."
76561198067795157,Recommended,298110,12990742,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,RazorSharpBanana,Really this game is one of my favorite games of the year :D
76561198120717777,Not Recommended,298110,13034252,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,supernemo5567,i cant even play it i bought it it downloaded then u play came up and i did every thing it told me to do and now it says i have to buy it agian
,Recommended,298110,32121116,Posted: 1 June,all,Bond,"best far cry, FC5 holly♥♥♥♥♥♥gon be great,"
76561197968965713,Not Recommended,298110,13084774,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,bigmike,really 64bit windows only?????? what a waste of 60$
76561198058929877,Not Recommended,298110,30684733,Posted: 23 March,all,Schaefe,"If you own Far Cry 3, dont bother buying this game, its a lazy remake that adds nothing new or interesting, predictable storyline, repetitive gameplay, uninteresting characters and worthless DLCs."
,Not Recommended,298110,14476988,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Commander Link,extreme lag and stutter after cinematics and loading screens. no graphics setting changes it
76561198084454179,Recommended,298110,13965517,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,TheHomicidalGoat,Found a Condom on A guard11/10 would have safe sex again
76561197967168102,Not Recommended,298110,12997031,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Special Agent Puke Beard,Buggy. Fails to launch. Dont waist your $$
,Recommended,298110,12991133,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,[MSF] Foxhound,Killed every endangered tiger and rhino I could find and then burned down the jungle. I would defintely recomend environment destruction simulator 2014
,Not Recommended,298110,13042795,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Edison,"Playing with recommended hardware, still horrible framerate on LOW settings. Come on guys. If it's going to take a beefy system to run your game, be honest about that♥♥♥♥♥♥ Another twisted tale and betrayal of fans by Ubisoft."
,Recommended,298110,30311535,Posted: 4 March,all,dm,"#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorA good addition to the the FC franchise, FC3 is still better tough. The most annoying thing about this game is that if the game crash or shuts down during the first cutscene you will have to rewatch ALL of it again cause the game doesn't autosave it........ There's no ""skip"" cutscene either, witch is really annoying, almost made me quit the game....."
,Recommended,298110,14393150,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Goldenman,Very enjoyable with lots to do!
,Recommended,298110,13154505,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Echoback,11/10 like skyrim but with guns
,Recommended,298110,13012151,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,✞ |-|3££ioT [] |2.!.P. ✞,Amazing game!!!Worth every penny and better than Far Cry 3Visuals: 10Story: 10Sound: 10Optimization: 10Game length: 896%This game is well optimized runs smoother than Far Cry 3 did with my spec:-CPU 2.93 GHZ i-870.-GPU 7950 HD.-8 GB RAM.-Green Caviard Western Digital 5400 RPM 3 TB.I was able to record using fraps and upload a video on youtube without any slowdon while playing.Just amazing !
,Recommended,298110,13315257,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,hehe,"Ну кароч,такая ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥я.Это всё тот же 3 фаркрай,просто исправили ошибки и недостатки.И СЁ.Но это намного пизже Ассасина.Покупайте)"
,Not Recommended,298110,13011638,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,hazard747,"As an avid player of the Far cry series, I want to reccomend this game.I REALLYwantto reccomend this game.But I can't.After a large investiture of both time and money, I was rather excited to play on release day. Sure, I had to run it through some silly recursive (launch uplay from steam. uplay wants to launch steam to play the game...) DRM crap, but I was willing to overlook that if the game was at least the quality level of FC3. So I booted it up  and got set to live a harrowing tale of adventure in the himalayas......and got a black screen instead.  I let it sit for a bit, figuring it might take awhile to load, but no. Just a black screen.I verified the files and tried again. Black screen. Verified again. Black screen again. After several attempts, it became rather apparent thatsomethingwas wrong, so I googled it.Apparently, an unsupported USB device (read: pretty much every USB device ever, except perhaps storage drives) is causing the crash. For the record: this is 2014, nearly 2015. USB technology has been in fairly common use since ~1998, and was on the market as early as '95. While my computer still retains a PS/2 port for a keyboard, it does NOT have one for a mouse, and after disabling every USB driver possible without losing the keyboard and mouse, the game STILL crashes on startup.Ubisoft has really dropped the ball on this one, I'm sad to say. However, they claim to be aware of the problem and promise a fix in a ""future"" patch. I may change my rating then, but I'll be remembering this.I've tried it 12 times, therefore the game currently rates at -2/10.TL:DR Spent 2+ days preloading it and $80+ on the gold version, just so I could look at a black screen."
,Recommended,298110,12997624,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,m(A)tt,Bandit outpost infront of me. Grab a truck put it on cliff near outpost release brakes and kill 3 guys and make a elephant mad kill 3 people. 10/10 Elephants and fur textures
,Not Recommended,298110,30183697,Posted: 25 February,all,Detail.movie💕,"It's just my opinion but this was an even bigger step back from FC3 than FC3 was from FC2. It's like a stripped and watered down version of FC3. It's difficult to put into words but if you played this and the previous games, you might understand what I mean.The primary antagonist (Pegan Min) isn't really a huge figure in this game. Your only solid interaction with him is in the tutorial. Next time is a minor 1 minute chat mid-story. Plus another 1 min chat at the end of the game. The rest of the time he just sends taunts over the radio on an occasional basis... Which is funny and amusing but falls flat in the greater scheme of things. He just has no weight to the story. The initial cutscene with his entrance is a great intrigue builder and sets the tone for him and my first impression was great. The typical psychotic killer glazed with the casual yet fun businessman persona. I was expecting great things from him but then it never came. Just two 1 minute face-to-faces and radio taunts. There are other minor antagonists but Pegan is the only one worth mentioning.The outposts were the same business as usual, nothing really new here. It got boring after a while but I captured every outpost in the south in my first 2 hours of gameplay. They do introduce these things called fortresses, which are just glorified outposts. They gave me warnings that said, ""Don't attack the fortress alone, the leader is still alive so it's defenses are near impenetrable"" or something to that effect. A minute later I captured the fortress so go figure.The main protagonists are Amita and Sabal. They're almost cringe worthy everytime they're together. They just fight constantly and it gets tedious to listen to. Then you have to choose who's idea is better. Depending on your choice, it affects the story but not by much. Even by the end of the game I still didn't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about them. Since the only thing defining them was their constant arguing. Then there's this 16 year old girl you meet and♥♥♥♥♥♥gets weird, almost borderline pedobear kind of weird. He always gets this very odd soft voice when he speaks to her. There's one scene where he touches her shoulder and gets in really close and just looks at her and she looks at him for a very long, awkward, and silent few seconds... I swear he was 2 seconds from kissing her. I was cringing each and every time he encountered her. I don't think he even touched Amita's shoulder, did he?The inventory screens drove me nuts. The only easy way to get to inventory is through traders or storages. Otherwise it's hidden behind two menus. Sometimes I didn't know what I was carrying.The only fun thing in this entire game was the arena battles. You go into a gladiator pit and fight teams of enemies. It's very close quarters and quite satisfying. I kept going back to it to save myself from the boring storyline.Tip: Play ""Battles"" instead of ""Endless Mode"" if you want XP. 3 waves in Battles gives more XP than 20 waves in endless. Battles has an XP bonus. Endless Mode doesn't.Pros:Arena BattlesCapturing Outposts/FortressesShort (only took me 22 hours to beat it, 8 of which I was afk for sleep and most of it was me driving through the vast countryside)Lots of random events.Naked babes.MG42 is the best weapon in the entire game. It kills lights, mediums in seconds and even kills heavies in a single burst. It even brings down helicopters better than a 50cal. Hitler's Buzzsaw is op.Walking and talking pedestrians bring the map the life.Can role-play as a Nazi time traveler fighting for the glory of the Third Reich. (MG42+MP35+C96)Cons:Weak characters with very little influence on anything.Story-wise, nothing happens, nothing surprised me or made me go ""wow that was awesome.""Guns still have limited selection when it comes to attachments. (something fans mentioned before in previous games)Bland colors. (I fixed this by going into color options and put contrast to max, brightness to the darkest setting, and gamma to about 75% then it looks 10x better)Suspected pedophile protagonist.Wingsuit. (I kept jumping off of low ledges only to launch my wingsuit and die instantly)Editor has budget meters. I don't think FC3 had budget meters, did it? I remember placing as much as I wanted in FC3. I made a small town in FC3 for ♥♥♥♥sakes. FC4's Editor feels too limited.Flashlight is still restricted to caves and nothing else. There were many times when having my flashlight on would have been great.Towns are too few, spaces too vast and empty.Radio host.No custom music for the radio.Inventory is poorly managed.They rave about how many choices you can make in this game but for 2 important choices, if you wait too long, the game makes a choice for you. And it didn't even have any indications or warning. I was watching the cutscene and I was drinking my fruit punch and then the cutscene froze and I was waiting for an indication but none came and it made a decision for me. It made the opposite decision of the decision I waited all game to make and that♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off so much. At least add an indication on the screen that input is required.Neutral:First town you enter, you can talk (interact button) to everyone and they tell you relevant details but then once you leave, everyone else is mute. Almost seems like they made the first town more lively for marketing purposes. You never go back to that first town ever again.Still waiting for ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s that I was promised in FC3.TLDR; just another generic shooter with boring story. Even FC3, the game everyone hated, is vastly superior to this money-grab trash.3/10"
76561197976693323,Not Recommended,298110,13000750,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,shock,"Buy farcry 3, it's cheaper and the same game. MP is trash, it was far better in the first far cry."
,Recommended,298110,13011442,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Darkin20,Just watched an eagle pick up and drop a goat. Best game ever!
76561198080651507,Recommended,298110,13051630,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,jakeskeletor,"I Saved a hostage he got killed by a boar, boar got killed by cheetah i killed cheetah circle of life"
76561198041065224,Not Recommended,298110,13000790,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Crack Scabs,So much problems with this game. cant open door and menus wont load or appear. what a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,298110,13015613,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,⭐✨TheFallenAngel✨⭐,"10/10 I have a gold Ak47.FarCry 4 is like eating mexican food, you love it but at the same time you know what's gonna happend in the end.. (;"
76561198036668525,Recommended,298110,12988660,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Bioshock,"''Full review will come later''Well, FarCry 4 is a great game.It's like FarCry 3 with a new cool villain and a really great big new world to explore.Pagan Min is a really good villain just like Vaas (but not better).Kyrat is a great place where you can ride an elephant and crush your enemies.Great tourist place.Beautiful game with epic and awesome moments !60fps on ultra with really rare drops to 30fps.I use Nvidia 780 Ti graphics card.I had some mouse problems, it feels strange and not confortable.Not many bugs but sometimes people fly when i kill them with a bow.You should buy it !"
,Recommended,298110,17975461,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Attacotti,"I'm mean its good.I'm not gonna finish it, but I got 25 hours out of it and enjoyed it for the 20 or so bucks I paid. I loved F3, but this was just pretty much a reskin of that game. While I enjoyed it for a while, It just was not enough to keep me intrested."
,Recommended,298110,12997121,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Cheesecake,Searched a crate under water and found birth control.At least now I know I'll be child free throughout the game.10/10
,Recommended,298110,13003582,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,skrrtskrrtskrrt,About 2 hours gameplay since it was release yesterday:-Amazing story-Amazing gameplay-Amazing Map-Love the animals-I LOVE ELEPHANTS-Amazing graphics
,Recommended,298110,13005601,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,mmmmk2 (Adam),"This is basically far cry 3.5 if you liked far cry 3 you will like this, if you have never played far cry 3 buy it when its on sale and decide if you like the game."
,Recommended,298110,13024193,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Murican_Man,"Pros: Diversity, looks great, tons of distinct side-quests, good story, combat feedom, fun multiplayer, and a dense worldcons: weak characters8.5/10 -IGN"
76561197994318160,Recommended,298110,13030978,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,john_theArtist,I high fived a guy... in the face... with an elephant.10/10
,Recommended,298110,13044615,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Zulu9001,"So i have been playing this for a few hours and here are my thoughts:Skyrim with guns :) Very similar feeling to Far Cry 3...but this is not at all a bad thing. I loved FC3 and FC4 is similar in a lot of aspects, but the dev team have been smart enough to add plenty of extra features so it feels like a new game and not  a FC3 expansion pack. A lot more way to slaughter your enemies, weapons, New and Tougher enemies and animals. and the new world, Kyrat, is really amazing and beatiful!! I have only played the campaign so far. I have yet to try Co-op.Highly recommend buying it!!!"
76561198012664464,Recommended,298110,13131654,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,corpDemon,"a lot of people compare it (and rightfuly so) to far cry 3, but i choose to compare it to far cry 2. just like far cry 2, this game is riddled with bugs, glitches, it will crash every so often and everything and everyone wants, and will go out of their way, to kill you. just like in far cry 2 you use beds to advance time by sleeping. and just like in far cry 2, your seemingly obvious choice makes people's lives worse. if far cry 3 was far cry 2 in a new dress, then this is fac cry 2 with new shoes as well. tap dancing shoes to be precise, as almost every few minutes you'll be pulled into an adventure of your own making. if you can find a friend that bought this game as well (or bought the god awful crime of a game assassin's creed unity and was reimbursed by free far cry 4), you can get so much fun out of this game, as the overall chaos and stupidity can get doubled.storywise however, this is where this game really wants to shine, yet drowns in typical far cry storytelling. you will never fully understand who the characters are, as they are just thrown at you and then they kick you out to do repetitive killing ,honestly, it took me almost six main missions to start piecing together the characters and their motivations. you want to know more about kyrati customs and traditions to better understand the world? run around that very world for hours, reading scraps of paper scattered about to realize why the little girl you only see three times is so important. you will never care for the kyrati people ,as there simply aren't any, it's like everyone was eaten by omnipresent wolves and eagles or shot by the army. all you'll ever care about is getting more of pagan min (brillianty voice by troy baker), the most sympathetic, charming, smart and well written character of the cast, partly because every time he shows up you remember that this game has a story, not a bad one at that, hidden somewhere between recycled bits and bytes of this beatiful and vast world (if ubisoft can make something besides trailers, it's open world maps).in short, while i do recommend it, especially in coop, i strongly criticize the price tag. this game should not cost so much, as it isn't worth it and definetly cost far cry 2 budget, or less, to make"
,Recommended,298110,13319193,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,[JamJar] $t3£@n,"Awesome game! Only i was suspecting a little bit more, but still a very awesome game!"
76561198006893472,Recommended,298110,16534541,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Fear2288,"** NOTE **It says I've only put 8 hours into this game but it's actually more like 30 - 40. I played most of it in offline mode so clearly Steam doesn't account for that.Pros:+ All the brilliant gameplay strides taken in Far Cry 3 return for this next installment+ Plenty of weapons with customization and color options to suit every kind of player+ Graphics are high quality and colorful+ Good amount of story-related and random things to do to keep you playing for hours and hoursCons:- Gameplay-wise there's not too much new and innovative here- The story and characters lack the kind of emotion and sincerity that was so great in the previous game- Pagan Min just cannot live up to the terrifyingly insane brilliance that was VaasBottom Line:While Far Cry 4 is by no means a bad game, players will realize pretty quickly that it feels too much like the previous installment with a fresh coat of paint. Existing gameplay features return but lack enough progression and evolution to make them feel fresh or exciting again.Far Cry 4 also lacks a story and cast of characters that live up to Jason Brody and his adventures on Rook Island. There's no real emotion here, no real sincere sense of danger or excitement as you help the Golden Path topple Pagan Min's dictatorship. Speaking of which, although Ubisoft certainly tried, the Pagan Min character just cannot even compete with Far Cry 3's Vaas.Should you play Far Cry 4? Absolutely! Although it's not as good as the previous title it is a lot of fun and will give you plenty of hours of enjoyment.7 Yetis out of 10"
,Recommended,298110,14150848,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,(CANCER) Toxic Lazer,bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeessssssssssssssssssttttttttttttttttttt game ever get it now
,Recommended,298110,28095958,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Diciemia,"An absolutely Beutiful Game(my english is bad xd), WIth a Solid campaign, While some of the animations aren't the best, you can tell they really put effort into it, Great game!"
76561198108252198,Recommended,298110,23761753,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Peacemaker,"Just picked this game up after staring at it for some tme. I'm a fan of the series however had hesitations because of reported mouse issues.Bought it on sale, and I'm glad I did. I am having no mouse issues at all.  I'm running a i7 2600k with a GTX 970.Just started the game, looking forward to playing through."
76561198167554221,Recommended,298110,24296088,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,sienestys,"Same kind of controls, plot and environment than in FC3 but better graphics. If you loved the previous game because of the shooting and missions, go for it! If you loved it because of the plot and characters, welp, all I'm gonna say about that is that Vaas is better antagonist than Pagan and that plot doesn't really matter that much (but that was the case in the previous game too so whatever).And if you've never played Far Cry games before: if you like shooting people and wild animals, exploring the open world, sneaking around and going berserk with flamethrower/rocket launcher and overall just having a blast blowing♥♥♥♥♥♥up, then again, go for it!There's supposed to be this ""cool"" plot thing with different endings but in the end it doesn't really matter which of them you pick, it doesn't affect the main plot in any way."
76561198129543306,Not Recommended,298110,13097482,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,GOD SQUAD  116,don get this game it does not work
76561198055019247,Recommended,298110,15115819,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Adam Etix | society.gg,"8/10great game worth every penny but, ... it is the same as farcry 3 in some ways but still so much better"
,Recommended,298110,24050663,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,knb10000,Awsome Open WorldMany wepons but I stuck at same 4 wepons.
,Recommended,298110,24647434,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,News,"Fakest game out. Very Unrealistic.*tries to fight off a leopard,gets jumped by rhinos, buffalos and a bear.*"
76561198122567010,Recommended,298110,24647366,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Hollow,"Awesome graphics, lots of action a decent storiline and a huge world with lots of missions and things to do and see, one of the few games I bought all the dlcs for because it is worth it."
76561198096791156,Recommended,298110,29616468,Posted: 31 January,all,shadiiiii,我们需要中文We need Chinese中国語は必要Nous avons besoin de chinoisWir brauchen chinesischNecesitamos chinopotrzebujemy chinPrecisamos de chinêsНам нужно китайскийเราต้องการภาษาจีนΧρειαζόμαστε κινέζικα
76561198095035476,Recommended,298110,16542248,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,supercook138,"Far cry 3 was great, it was therapudic and helped me deal with PTSD after getting jumped and bear maced, something I heartily advise avoiding, its like rubbing a habanero in your eye and snorting drano.  Backstabbing mouthy degenerate pirates was just enough to convince my subconscious that I could deal with lifes real perils, and eventually the knot of fear that climbed my spine and locked my brain in a loop of remembered pain and helplessness faded so FC3 is a major deity in a video game pantheon that spans 45 years and began when my Mom snuck me into the bar before it opened to play Spacewar. Far cry 4 is a lot like far cry 3, which is great, but sometimes annoying, and once in a while its a real sandy piece of toilet paper on a cold night at the cabin.Maybe it's just me, but the driving is so darn fast I feel prayer is warranted and I hang a rosary on my webcam, I will adapt, but it may require some hardcore stem cell work on my neural density and myelin threshold, and that runs to money. The gunplay seems more constant, even in cleared areas, and everyone goes ballistic everytime a hawk swoops in. I have come to dislike the hawks, obviously distant decendants of cliffracers, and will send cookies to the code jockey that mods them into flying ,,, oh iddnno, slow flying turnips with pinched unibrow faces, many of which pursue an underground existance.Of course the good parts are there too, do I run and gun these punks or create a mousetrap of animals and explosives? Lots of stuff to find, graphics that make it worth OCing my two rugged and ragged 7850s to the point where I am using an assortment of homepunked cooling aids to keep them below 80c, The scenery begs to be explored, and there seems to be a greater variety of environments, and many truly enchanting ways to get deadified exploring them. There are not quite so many loot chests, and I dig the continued farcry tradition of ammo only appearing when needed.I have just started my journey, and I will update ithyis review as me and my metro daddy Pagan get better accquainted. So far, beyond the basic premise of coming to the land of my ancestors to scatter Ma amongst the stones and bones, the protagonist doesnt have much personality. Much more like fc2, but without the mercenary back story to explain my facility with parkour grade athletics and guns, guns, guns, not to mention the up close and personal kills.I go now, soon you will hear shooting.Update: appr 75 hrs on record and appr. 40% completion.Halloooo? Can anybody hear me?, I got slammed on the local hooch when me and my mercs bust up a still jockey's crateand accidentally killed hid wife, which was ironic becasuse I had run the raid as revenge for a nice fel;low whose wifew had drank herself silly on yhe stuff, paid me with the money he made pimping her slackness to the local pervos. Two got free, one way or the other, and one is entertaining uswith progressively wetter cries for help. The third is keepinmg me company, at least the torso is. I think my chance to scream is cominmg  soonmmmUpdate:grrrThere is a glitch affecting farcry3 and 4 since I installed windows 10, I am running a near end of life pair of 7850sn and I am afraid it is a hardware/firmware issue. Fills are not loading, giving it the look of a conservative social studies teachers idea of an acid trip. (it is MUCH more like mescaline or dmt), animals and whole hillsides turning vivid narsty pink and blue, stuttering, screen size issues.. This is the first time I have not been able to track down someone else that fixed the problem, and I can hear the gentle snores of my 2 month old daughter assuring me there is no way I can get a new card any time soon, I sit unamused, with my thumb joints slowly calcifying, trying registry tweaks, ini tweaks, tweaky tweaker tweaks, little chihuahua tweaks, meh.I am slowly becoming a power user as I scramble and sort windows 10 like one of those all yellow jigsaw puzzles a-holes gave people at office parties in the 80's. I feel I am on the cusp of revalation, I must contact a superior alien race and ask them HOW DO I FIX THIS!? Or, I could post in some forums, it would be worth the butthurt delivered by some chronowanring teen just to find out it is one stupid setting. Sigh, I go now, 45 years old, a grey streak and a baby in tow, to supplicate myself before someone who knows better, a Jungian archetype gamer who considers anything that could possibly have been solved by reading the 387th post in the Hurdy Derpa sticky thread and I should have looked there before wasting anyones time. Once I Modded a dial up BBS, the roguelike had 11345 user defined monsters, those were the days.... Trudge trudge ... blerp....gehhhhh"
76561198071639551,Recommended,298110,14874917,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,pyramid83,"I loved FC 3 and have been very pleased with FC 4 thus far. The COOP mode is an extremely, pleasant addition...albeit very buggy as of the writing of this review. Even with the random bugs in COOP, such as vehicles existing on my screen but not my friends, the game is awesome. The world of FC 4 always has something going on to keep you and your friend busy: wing suit dive off a tower and you are certain to land into something fun and exciting...or you'll hear gun fire coming from somewhere while flying and you and your friend can just make a flight course correction to go check it out: Awesome!Graphics are great - if you got a beefy GPU. Sound is great (best served with sub-woofers and/or large speakers) and the immersion experience is captivating. Yes, many features, themes, and content ideas from FC 3 have been recycled but that in no way detracts from the new experience and world that is FC 4."
,Recommended,298110,14848301,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,[7VOX] Vox_Dei_Populi,"Great game, like 3 in so many ways but very different in ways that make it different. Graphics & map is better than 3. Crafting is better, but weapons are worse."
76561198035414349,Recommended,298110,14813729,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Fogie,"fun game, good graphics, good sound, good driving dynamics.  Story leaves me wanting a little something more and it drives me nuts that i don't know what I look like in the game."
,Recommended,298110,14831323,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,GhostsheLL,Some say this game is a glorified expansion to Farcry 3. To me this game is so much more and I haven’t even had a chance to really get into the co-op yet. Is this game worth the full price? No; but on sale? Hell yeah!
,Not Recommended,298110,27569216,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,stanere,"Well, that's kinda dissappointing. The game is really easy, the hunting means nothing and the storyline is stale. What is amusing is king Pagan, the character is great, but that's it for this game. I enjoyed the third one much more story-wise and overall. This one doesn't want you to read, to help, to do someting. Just a bunch of minigames around the map, you don't get involved, it's not your war, you just want to get over it asap and bail out. I did just two pieces of painting 'cause this missions were so meh (think I did it to skill up something?).Just as arcade and casual as FPS game can get. You Pagan is in the other castle, mofo, but we'll show in the very begining of the game where he is.Characters overall were shallow, too simple, most decisions where made for you, and the only one important you made didn't mean a rat's♥♥♥♥♥Well, that's it, I'd rather return to fc2 and fc3."
,Not Recommended,298110,13073538,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,VeteranAtGames2,it crashes to desktop when i try to start a new game
76561198075713966,Recommended,298110,13086257,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Paulland,"People who say that this game is extremely similar to Far Cry 3 in both concept and design, are right. However, this doesn't necessarily make it a bad game, and with all of its improvements that it has done to it, its similarities actually make it a way better game than Far Cry 3 ever was. I loved Far Cry 3, don't get me wrong, but it had its crappy moments, like bad guys all miraculously disappearing when you take out an outpost, or having weapon types. However, Far Cry 4 took all of this, and expanded on it, like adding in karma events, similar to random events from GTA V, which adds a little randomness to the overall gameplay, a much needed improvement from the dull post-campaign world of Far Cry 3. Weapons like the recurve bow, also feel like they have been significantly buffed, but not in a cheap way, making it almost like a medium-range sniper rifle. The new hunter enemy is also a cool addition, because unlike previous enemy types, he isn't a bullet cushion that shoots a cloud of bullets or fire at you, he actually hides from you, and even ambushes you in a style that hasn't been seen before in Far Cry. In a game where it feels like the enemies are borderline mentally disabled, it feels good to have an actual AI capable of coordinating a stealth attack consisting of several bow-wielding foes, as well as ""charmed"" animals that will fight for the hunters. Bad things for the game are few, but I personally felt the story wasn't as engaging as the story in Far Cry 3 was, but that's my opinion. Also, I experienced a glitch midway through the game that forced me to restart my entire game, which involved a blackscreen at a crucial point in the story, which I exited, and resulted in my being stuck in the overworld with no weapons forever, prompting me to restart.In summary, is Far Cry 4 a clone of Far Cry 3 like everyone says? For the most part, yes, but the vast improvements made on it from Far Cry 3 make it pretty much an evolved version of said game, and I have absolutely no problem with that. Far Cry 4 is an awesome experience using the best that the Far Cry team could provide, and it shows. Although the campaign was lacking from the previous game, the gameplay and new implemented elements make up for this. I definitley recommend this game, especially since it looks like all of the updates to clear out game-wrecking glitches are finally out there.P.S. I hope you don't have a problem with killing animals to get upgraded equipment."
,Recommended,298110,22034051,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Wables,"It's a very good game, it's my fault I tried to run it on a Geforce GTX 960m, at decent settings at 1080p. If your wondering what the desktop equivalent to a 960m is, it's a GTX 750. Everything else it required I had. If you want to run this game at medium to high settings (or some ultra) I recommend a Geforce GTX 980m or a Geforce GTX 960. I woulden't go any lower than a Geforce GTX 970m or a Geforce GTX 760. But if you don't mind running the game at 1600x900 at medium settings with a Geforce GTX 960m you can achieve 60fps and greater. It just didn't satisify me. And PLEASE make sure you have 8 gigabytes of ram or else you won't get anything out of this game, although you can get away with 4 at dreadfull setings. I hope this was helpfull to you. :)"
,Not Recommended,298110,30378151,Posted: 7 March,all,Branch Boy,"this game's AI is so ♥♥♥♥ing bad it amazes me more people don't complain about that.story is copy-pasted from farcry 3, ""scary bad man has an army, u kill da army!""boring to boot, same rehashed missions from farcry 3 too. hunting, outposts, towers, plant gathering, etc. just a bunch of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ fetch n step missions.only thing good about this game really is the landscape, it's still a nice game to look at, but not much else.my rating is:you can polish a turd, but it's still a ♥♥♥♥ing stinky turd."
76561198129617406,Recommended,298110,15537839,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Pyrocynical,Pretty cool game guys
,Recommended,298110,15241021,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Not AJ,"Finally! A new sequel in the Far Cry franchise! I've waited for a new Far Cry to be released for ages after Far Cry 3 and here it is! I've been playing this game for about 80 hours or somewhat, and I have some comments to mention.This game has an amazing story, amazing characters, amazing features, amazing weapons and for the obvious... amazing graphics! The graphics and the story are the most outstanding features of the game itself. As for the environment and the map seemed very realistic and very intricate (for rock climing and swimming to different pathways that is). I play this game at least everyday, especially after completing the story mode and going in freeroam, and it makes it feel like I'm actually exploring in a jungle and trying to complete objectives that I am given (or if I decide to do it).Although, there is just a minor aspect that really came to my attention which are physics. As most of you know, you have an option to use a wingsuit and parachute while being in the air. The thing with that is that at certain times when landing whilst using a parachute, you would die in the game. Another example for the physics not working right is whenever you jump off of a small cliff, you would die in the game as well. If Ubisoft could fix this in any update, that would be amazing.Apart from everything else about this game, I would like to give this game exactly 9.0/10 - Rubric is listed below:Graphics:  10/10Gameplay:  9.5/10Environment:  8.5/10Combat (if any):  8.5/10Story:  10/10Mutliplayer (if any):  6/10Audio:  10/10Trailer:  10/10If you're going to buy this game, you'll love it :)"
76561198019974431,Recommended,298110,15279002,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,clocke03,"Awesome game, def. worth playing"
76561198084563346,Recommended,298110,14963429,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Rage42188,Alot of fun. Great story and multiplayer. Highly recommended.
76561197966002111,Recommended,298110,15780695,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,DCNemesis,"If you liked Far Cry 3, you'll love this!It's much of the same, but more polish, more freedom and of course better looking.On the other hand, there's not a whole lot that's NEW with this game either. Similar environments, similar gameplay... but why change a good thing, right?"
,Recommended,298110,14863403,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,WhiteSoulszZ,yeah  its awesome and  its ultra   action  game
76561198143921147,Recommended,298110,15929838,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Puddel,Good
,Recommended,298110,27912577,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Syngod,"After playing through and seeing both endings, I think I'd prefer siding with Pagan Min."
,Recommended,298110,14923478,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,||||DANTE||||,AWSOME GAME LIKE IT
,Recommended,298110,23847026,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,DAVVINCCII,"far cry 4 is maybe the best series till date, sure it got some bugs and isuues but still fells the best"
,Recommended,298110,15181787,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,ziv4K Öp,best game ever
,Recommended,298110,16490529,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,M3GAD3TH,GET IT!!!
,Recommended,298110,17554834,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Grune,Best game I have played in a long time
76561198032295444,Recommended,298110,15425879,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Hansel,"If You liked Far Cry 3 , you will love Far Cry 4.It's more of the same in new setting, better polished, some nice new features like grapping hook, auto drive etz. which added to the loveley new landscape is simply awesome."
76561198141605985,Recommended,298110,25093817,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,ӾӾ_ɆĐ₲ɎⱠØ₳ⱤĐ₥₵₴₱Ɏ₥₳ł₦_ӾӾ,Dank
,Recommended,298110,14472191,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,[SiN] elsexyboygian,"Game Is really good, people constantly keep ranting about it being too much like farcry 3 But, the game is much more than that the base raids the guns the customization its a really good game i recommend this game to anyone who loves open world games.The story is real fine. so yea recommend you play this game"
,Recommended,298110,15913940,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Laskas6781,"должен похоронить мать в кирате, убил дядю....100/10"
,Recommended,298110,17006118,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Snarith,100% Completion0/10
76561198016074064,Recommended,298110,20732101,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Lucifer,Nice!
76561198252528252,Recommended,298110,28943804,Posted: 2 January,all,ignatius_a,"Great first person shooter game, especially in co-op"
,Recommended,298110,28011867,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,~w~ [DICE] W. Hound,this is one of the best geams I ever play 10/10
76561198062822106,Recommended,298110,25241495,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Solid Snack,"Its far cry 3 in a Himalayan setting with more weapons and a few fixes, if you liked far cry 3 get it, if you havent played far cry 3 get it. The main character and storyline is better than far cry 3, BUT NOT BLOOD DRAGON."
,Recommended,298110,25355016,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Nichrome,"The game itself is great, just like FC3. However many things are annoying, or even more said: ♥♥♥♥ed up. I have encountered few missions so far that were VERY hard even though I am playing on ""easiest"" difficulty possible. Most annoying so far is the Yak Farm mission. Feels like a damn hardcore. Also the fact that sprint and flying suite are bound to the same key (Shift) makes it seriously annoying when you only try to sprint+jump but then it automatically opens up and you flyyyyy.... away."
,Recommended,298110,30876029,Posted: 1 April,all,Unknown User ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° ),Nice
,Recommended,298110,23891959,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Buddyno♥Timka♥,Good game.
76561198128773782,Recommended,298110,30363689,Posted: 6 March,all,Concentrated Autism,"Honestly, it was a fun game. Incredibly upsetting when I finished the story mode, even after seeing all the endings it still felt like something was missing though. At the end, you either kill or let Pagan go, whatever. But, after that you talk to some druggies and then... thats it. No big fight against the remaining Royal Army, no helping anyone else out. Thats it. Sure, theres sidequests and random things to do like that but to me that really isn't that entertaining. Multiplayer might as well be free since nobody plays it. 8.5/10Needs more Hurk, AND NOT IN A PAID DLC FORMAT"
76561198222617936,Recommended,298110,23554403,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,You Are Bad,it is so fun to explore the lage open world.
,Recommended,298110,13052986,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Jazz The Man,"Fortress Difficulty Very Hard: Liberated it with a grenade launcher in under 5 minutes.(Must alter the animal area spawn rates, because trying to search for the specific animals you need for your upgrades, is unbelievingly annoying.Also, Elephant Simulator 2014."
76561197993259558,Recommended,298110,20412076,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Smuglord,"The ""-"" key turns off the radio"
,Recommended,298110,13834309,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Cynyx,A lot of fun and AAA graphics ...... but it's really Far Cry 3.2 and should not be Far Cry 4.
,Recommended,298110,13882203,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,didi,"Far Cry 4 is an open world action-adventure first-person shooter video game developed by Ubisoft Montreal. In my opinion I highly recommend it if you enjoyed Far Cry 3. Although the wildlife is very aggressive I enjoy the sophisticated characters and story. In terms of graphics I think it isn't perfectly optimised, meaning I had to install GeForce Game Ready Driver 344.75 but, the terrain and vegetation made the atmosphere for taking down Pagan Min even more satisfying.Overall - 84/100."
,Recommended,298110,13900195,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Ｒｅｌａｘ,27 hours and completed game? gg Such a fun game!!!
,Recommended,298110,13871840,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Geikoo,Its a beautiful game! The Stupidity of the AI is hilarious you could watch 2 bears fight for hours. I have explored almost the whole world and it have taken me 30h of GamePlay. The crafiting is great its hard to find the right skins witch makes it Fun for some reason... But anyway i think this game is more fun then GTA V. The price fits this game.
76561198073342847,Recommended,298110,13891238,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,PlasmaHam,"Amazing game, buy it"
,Recommended,298110,13900095,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Supreme Meme Team™,"Oh where do I start with this game. This game is my favorite game of 2014, just like how Far Cry 3 was my favorite game of 2012. Im a huge fan of the Far Cry series, and this game delivers so much.So in Far Cry 4 you play as Ajay Ghale. Now, lets actually start off with one of Far Cry 4s first problems. Ajay Ghale is probably the most paper thin character ever, you know nothing about him, he never really seems to show any personality, he's just another character in the game, some of the NPCs you talk to in order to get side missions seem to have more personality than him.Anyway, on to the story, which actually isn't bad, despite Ajay hardly ever saying a word. You play as Ajay Ghale returning to his birthplace Kyrat to spread his mothers ashes at a very specific location, titled Lakshmana. In the beginning, you are on a bus that sneaks people into Kyrat, the bus gets pulled over by some soldiers, and then the bus gets shot at. You get out through the back of the bus, where some guys start pointing their guns at you, and then a helicopter lands, and a man steps out. This guy is Pagan Min, who is the leader of Kyrat. He acts very friendly to you, tells you ""He recognizes those eyes anywhere"" and then after he talks to you a little he puts a bag over your head, and then the scene ends.Pagan sits you down at a dinner table with one of the other guys on the bus who lived, talks about your mother, who he knew and was friends with, then stabs your friend after seeing he is texting the Golden Path for help. He is taken off to an interogation room and you are promted to leave. Once leaving you pass by his interogation room where he is being electrocuted and in the next room you see a man named Sabal saying he wants to help you and is with the Golden Path. You leave, get shot at a bit, shoot at some people, and the next 20 minutes of the game is finding your way to Sabal after you are sepparated.Eventually Sabal takes you to a village where you meet Amita and some other characters, and then you do 2 missions which are just A LITTLE to similar to Far Cry 3s first missions. Take over a bell tower, hunt some animals (though this time it gives you an actual hunting weapon.After this it is revealed that Pagan is a dictator who is against what Kyrat used to be, he doesn't want their traditions, their religion, anything, and that what the Golden Path is against, so the rest of the game is you running around being either Amita or Sabals little slave essentially. Ajay just does what either of them says with no questions asked. Though this might sound like a bad story, some of the characters are just fantastic, Noores backstory is sad, her family was kidnapped and she is forced to lead the Arena, where they throw people into to force them to fight each other and fight against animals, Paul de Pleur (I think thats how his name is spelled) is honestly just a sick and twisted person who you want to stab, Pagan is an intelligent and funny leader, all the characters are really good, except Ajay.Now the gameplay, its more or less Far Cry 3, the guns fire very similarly, there are a good portion of reused weapons (although there are PLENTY of new ones) and thats all there is to say about the guns, they dont have a lot of recoil, and they are pretty easy to learn to use. The exploration is where its at though, this has one of the best open worlds in a while, its giant, its very open, there is plenty to explore, there is not anything I can find wrong with it. The driving, again, more or less Far Cry 3, but this time it has a feature that was definatly designed with controllers in mind, auto-drive. Self explanitory, this is due to the new drive and shoot feature which is hard to use with a controller.Graphically this is a absolutely wonderful game. With Nvidia Godrays on, or enhanced godrays as they are called now, and all the other settings on ultra, this game smacks the crap out of the consoles graphics, it looks so nice, just go look up some screenshots.When it comes to the port, its decent, not as bad as AC:Unity, but its not really fantastic. Runs at 30-45 FPS maxed out (minus AA) on my 4690k paired with an R9 270 2GB with 8 GB ram. This was after editing the gamerprofile.xml and turning off mipmaps. While some people say this makes it looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥ I see no difference. I also set GPUMaxedbufferedframes to 1.The co-op lets your friend drop into your game, and you can shoot some dudes in the head together, there is no story, only side missions, I have spent a good portion of my time with this part of the game.So overall, 8.5/10, great game, but things like shooting were a little to similar to Far Cry 3, and the character you play as is just terrible. No personality at all. Also, I have plenty more than 23 hours in the game, closer to 45 hours and have beaten the game twice, I torrented the game at first, but I loved it so much that I had to buy it. They actually earned my money this time, they didnt screw this one up."
,Recommended,298110,13024031,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,PlagueDoctor,"Far Cry 4 isn't a huge leap ahead of Far Cry 3 as #3 was from it's immediate predecessor, but then again you don't need to fix what ain't broke and Far Cry 3 had less issues that needed to be removed or altered like Far Cry 2 did - and there's no denying that Ubisoft still put plenty of effort into ensuring the game felt like an improvement, and in most regards Far Cry 4 is an improvement.  It takes the basic formula of #3 and pumps its best ideas to 11 and refines them at the same time, while also working on some of #3's flaws and taking them out with little sacrifice or managing to improve on them.  The map is also huge and gorgeous, and the grapling hook is a nice addition due to the verticality of many areas in Kyrat, this games gorgeous but war torn paradise.That said, Far Cry 4 isn't perfect.  While the series was never the best at story or dialogue (Although Blood Dragon was hysterical.) Far Cry 4 represents a nadir, many characters are annoying, the writing sloppy and often dropping poor attempts to be ""edgy"" and the tone is inconsistent, bouncing from a pulpy action movie to a deadpan serious ""War is hell guys"" movie and while the prior tone is more what the game needs and is thus more fun, it doesn't do either particularly well.  There are some also stupid issues with the game, like the fact that the base settings BUTCHER the controls.  I didn't think it was possible to mess up an FPS' controls on the mouse and keyboard this game proved me wrong.  While there is a fan made fix that makes it tolerable so you don't have to switch to a controller, it's still bull that the mouse is practically useless at aiming as its vertical is too sensitive and horizontal too sluggish and icky.  There are also some bugs, but that's expected to be from Ubisoft and at least it isn't as buggy as the trainwreck that is Assassin's Creed Unity and also unlike that game this game is far more optimized and runs nicely on my system, I get 60+ frames with everything on Very High and the game looks great.  Another issue, more related to design, is that captured outposts seem to come under siege WAY too frequently, sometimes 3 times in a row right after caputring one or freeing it and worst yet if you choose to use the autodrive system (Which can be useful at times, particularly for shooting while driving but is problematic) and an outpust comes under siege, the game will immediately turn your vehicle in that direction and replace your map way point as opposed to continuing on the path you set for it.Ultimately, the game is certainly not a huge leap away from Far Cry 3 but it's enough to warrant checking out, and much like Far Cry 3 it is an incredibly fun sandbox shooter and it doesn't fall prey to many of the annoying issues of modern FPSes and let's you play the game how you want without the hideously linear bullcrap. There's no questioning that when it comes to single player first person shooters Far Cry 4 is one of the best in recent memory and one of the best this year, vying with Wolfenstein: THe New Order and while I prefer The New Order's narrative Far Cry 4 may find me returning more frequently due to its huge open nature and regardless it's just always nice to have an FPS that is fun but also lets you tread your own path."
,Recommended,298110,13075806,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Lakeshowswaggg,"Far Cry 3 was a beautiful thing.  It was the best story-driven game I had ever played.  It set my expectations for 4 pretty high, and I was still blown away.  Beautiful graphics,  incredible story, great weapon variety, so much freedom of choice.  Want to silently take down an entire outpost by sniping? Sure.  Fly in on a goddamn gyrocopter, shelling the crap out of it with a grenade launcher?  Why the hell not?  So many choices to create the story, and a truly free sandbox open world FPS.   11/10 would kill anyone who does not reccomend with a goddamn harpoon launcher.  Because you can do that."
76561198042455168,Recommended,298110,13075250,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,[CAKE] GOTTAGOFAST,"When I started playing the game, I was extremely dissapointed, the graphics weren't up to my expectations and probably other people's expectations and I thought the animations were terrible. I told my friends NOT to buy the game because I thought it was just Far Cry 3 but with a few updates and the developers didn't spend enough time on it.However, after a good 15 hours of playing the game, looking more closely on the construction of it and getting further and further into the storyline and side missions, I started to like it more and more. The animations are actually pretty good, and the textures on people like their skin, eyes and clothes are AMAZING. I think the developers definately could've spent more time on the graphics and textures though, the textures on some of the grass and the healing animations are terrible, yes - coming from the perspective of someone who thumbs'd up the game. A lot of people (including me, obviously) said that the game is ""like Far Cry 3 but with a 4"" and if you think about it, how bad can that be? Far Cry 3 was such a good game. If you play through the missions and actually look for the available features, you'll understand that it isn't just a re-named Far Cry 3, the developers did very well with the missions. I bet they just thought ""What would be the coolest thing you could do with a gyrocopter? Oh how about we jump from the chopper and into a moving truck which is full of explosives and ram it into a gate!?""Get the game."
,Recommended,298110,18049231,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Chief McBeef,"You can:- Enjoy the nice story- Climb towers- Ride elephants- Raid villages with elephants- Bomb your own villages- Set sh*t on fire- Raid a village, kill 10 enemies and trick the 11th into thinking nothing happenedYou can't:- Be bored while playing Far Cry 4- Dislike riding elephants11/10 would raid on elephants againEdit: Grammar corrections."
76561197961205116,Recommended,298110,14297716,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,[ExC]Drunken_SAM™,"100% beaten, but still addictive....i really love the game!Only negative point is, that my season pass doenst work well, it doesnt show me the ""escape from durgesh prison"" mission. That s***s ubisoft. Please fixed it fast...."
,Recommended,298110,15389035,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Pokingaround,"Very short game, with excellent story. Played the whole singleplayer(30.4 hrs) through including sidemissions and excluding collectibles. When I find the time and interest, gonna try the multiplayer. Would buy again."
76561198095283274,Recommended,298110,13035376,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,LIL UZI VERT LikeWhoTheFuckIsYou,Leopard jumped onto a roof and ate me. 10/10
,Recommended,298110,15408061,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,SCOUTMEISTER,best game ever 10/10
76561198139632170,Recommended,298110,15763172,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Grebbe,I Don't wanna kill the doggies...Pretty cool game. I personaly think the game is pretty slow. You have to hunt to proceed which can take quite a while. i would recommend it to others but the game is not really in my likings.
76561197998048706,Recommended,298110,15415043,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Mazzy,Far Cry 3 and 4 are two of the only games that I have literally completed and started over again immediately. The experience is always different each time through. I can't get enough of this game.
,Recommended,298110,15547922,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,♥NightlyDark♥,It's like far cry 2 without malaria.
,Recommended,298110,13230134,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,anonymous ,"normal review:The game is awesome you got a ton of cool stuff like the vehicle takedown,cool new weapons,throwing knifes or the sticky explosive upgrade and the graphic it's just sometimes I have to make a screenshot of the game and use it as a wallpaper it's beautiful.The sidequests are great fun and (in my opinion) stealth in gernal.You get more chances to use stealth.But there's also a bad part.I don't like it personaly..you can't realy do stealth at the begining of the game because of the bad weapons and missing skills for it and the story is a bit confusing.I found around 5 bugs/glitches in game, wich is kinda sad.The price is a bit high especially if you buy it in the gold edition like I did. :DI didn't play Multiplayer/Coop yet.6/10 starsCompared to FC3:Sure you got this ton of new stuff like a crossbow and the stuff I wrote down in the normal review and this great graphic ,more fun in sidequests ,but It's just in my opnion..I don't like the story.In my opinion fc3 was a better game...better story doesn't just make a better game I know ,but I just had that great feeling in fc3 the whole time I played it through.I also just wanted to continue playing fc3 ,because of the great story.It feels more like the whole game fc4 builds on the sidequests and that's in my opinion a bit wrong.So If you wanna play stealth ,action and a great open world game ,grab fc4.If you are more up for the story ,you should at least try it.(small spoiler at the end)Willis comes back to fc4.Thought:I think the next far cry will play in Russia or something like that ,because Willis was at Rook Island first and gets to Kyrat and he said in fc3 that he's on his way to Russia and will have to get some fuel near Singapure.One last thing:Sorry for my bad english I'm not a native."
,Recommended,298110,13002558,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Soap,"Has a few bugs, but so far, I'm enjoying the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this game."
76561198049997692,Recommended,298110,14641539,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Ultra Mega-DeathDick OverLord,"Got shot by sniper, killed him with a rhino, and ripped a piece of glass out of my hand to heal from it. 11/10"
,Recommended,298110,16110707,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,VaultTechie,"Far Cry 3 but better (no psycho....well almost, a more friendly version)and Far Cry 3 was AWESOME!"
76561198146830695,Recommended,298110,18205563,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,zach.,BEST NATURE GRAPHIC GAME
,Recommended,298110,19690690,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Neoevangel,"Feel like playing Far Cry 3.5. Good for revisiting the FC environment, but not if you are looking for something different."
76561197996252926,Recommended,298110,18540482,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Magnitude,It took me 97 hours to finish. I did most of the side quests. It was worth it. Good game!
76561197977795073,Recommended,298110,19357496,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Cheese Cloth,Revamped and updated version of FC3 but still worth playing.
,Recommended,298110,26462909,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,KingSin,Far Cry 4 is an open world action-adventure first-person shooter with stealth elementsexcellent graphicsexcellent gameplay and effectsgood sound and musicstory could be betterbig world with a lot of action------------------------------worth money and timehighly recommend this game !
,Recommended,298110,27798243,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Figge Ferrum,"Buys and starts the game, watches cutscene and decides to go and get some snacks. Comes back to more cutscenes and complete the game in 15 minutes.11/10 best story ever"
,Recommended,298110,22115780,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,e.t.,Why do bullets always land in my arm? 10/10
76561198315687857,Recommended,298110,24378875,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Tabasko Sweet,Rearly glitchy. Still good though
76561198111440133,Recommended,298110,29995800,Posted: 17 February,all,-={OBI-WAN-SHINOBI}=-,"This is one of my favorite games now days. 350 hours to date on record, PLayed it through all the way 4 times, played the Valley of the Yetis dlc twice. Have been making maps through the Far Cry 4 Editor that comes with it. Published 6 maps online to date. have had some of my maps have near 200 plays from the public currently. Got a 3 and half stars out of 5 rating average from the people rating it. I'm trying to keep making more. This is a really fun feature.The gameplay is really good. I like the ""open-ness"" of the game. I can usually try and take out enemies any creative way I can think of; from: stealth and knife takedowns, to full out machine gun warfare, or grenades and rockets, or explosions, or rampage riding an elephant smashing and wrecking enemy vehicles and persons while shooting a machine gun! LOL. I can make the enemy not see me, even on the hardest settings if I take care. There are so many weapons, and you can change scopes, and clips and suppressors on many guns as well.This is just a fun game. I want more!! lol. Why are you still reading? Play this game and enjoy, especially if you get it on sale like I did!  Buy it and send me a friend request. I have never played coop on this game a single minute but am anxious to try it, especially since I've been making my own maps now."
,Recommended,298110,19437199,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Bonobo,AmazeBalls
,Recommended,298110,20126555,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Japitar,9\10
76561198154812899,Recommended,298110,20341484,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,✪ Abu,this game is jusst amazing especially on ultra
76561198010026515,Recommended,298110,19954311,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,notsosane1010,Amazing game!
76561198032121175,Recommended,298110,20135969,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Id0ntkn0w?!,VERY GOOD GAME
76561198092111258,Recommended,298110,20274686,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Scareface4698,COOP is great fun with freinds graphics are amazing
,Recommended,298110,20345046,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,draco_232,its fun
76561198086008434,Recommended,298110,19350246,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Porphyrogen,"Visualy great, Himalayas are stunning.Story is fine, nothing philosophical and deep but entertaining.Recommended !"
,Recommended,298110,18822694,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,ThDubya,"Exactly like Far Cry 3, but that is not a bad thing. The story is OK and the gameplay is varied and excellent."
76561198286894225,Recommended,298110,25772330,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,HeiLeX,Funny.
,Recommended,298110,23998871,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Ragn-,"Common story, but the gameplay is more advance than previous sequels."
,Not Recommended,298110,14957169,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,General Butt Naked,far cry 3 was better. wasnt happy with the story.bad review.
,Recommended,298110,13060464,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,The Big Shoe,"A very sad game.Though the graphics and game mechanics are spot on, the story had to be the worst yet. Once again, some average guy comes into a war, and can kill everyone in his path, BUT THIS TIME, instead of learning how to kill as the story progresses as Jason did (becoming a cool warrior and what not), you are a bland ♥♥♥♥ing robot who has no emotions nor important dialogue. Then comes in the SPOOKY, WACKY, CRAZY tyrant!!! He seemed like a great character, but you only see him three times in the entire ♥♥♥♥ing game, and why can't you team up with him? You can team up with one radical ♥♥♥♥ up, why not another?Hurk is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥,Yogi and whatever are boring,and the lack of choices make this game a pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥I spent about 10 % of the game doing the story line, and the other 90% throwing meat on the floor to gather skins.You can't customize half the weapons, when all you really need is a bow and grenade launcher.Karma is completely useless.did I mention the main character is a ♥♥♥♥ing brick!?This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ but it's pretty fun."
76561198036051490,Recommended,298110,13059273,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,#TheRoadToSilver2,like skyrim with guns 420/69
,Recommended,298110,26904671,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,-CLASSIFIED-,i cant stop playing this 0-0
76561198092075070,Recommended,298110,13001189,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Rammer16,"10/10 a worthwhile buy.Me and my bro have been playing this for 5 hours straight and u never run out of things to do, people to kill in fun and creative ways and overall just doing random fun stuff lol storyline has never been a strong point for any of the far crys, its the free roam that is brilliant and just as fun as the last 3 except  more fun. Verticality adds variety to the landscape and nothing is more satisfying than roping in on a mini helo and stealth killing someone from above haha"
,Recommended,298110,28636058,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Psychobagger,"Uplay = SuicideGame is pretty fun, though... when Uplay let's me boot it up."
,Recommended,298110,13032000,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Brutalface,"I stealthed an outpost on an elephant.  Far Cry 4/10.In all seriousness though this game is awesome.  All the fun stuff you loved from Far Cry 3 but more of it.  Plus new weapons, animals, and features.  If you loved Far Cry 3, you're gonna love Far Cry 4."
,Recommended,298110,21403132,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Ham,Stoy is kinda mah but the world is amazing. If have not played Far Cry 3 I recomend you go play that becasue it is way better then this game. But this game is fun the story isnt as good as it was in far cry 3 but you will still have alot of fun out of this game and at less get 30 hours of gameplay out of it. This game is basically just a reskin of far cry 3 but I still had fun playing it and there is heaps of things to do.
,Recommended,298110,24952730,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Arjen41,"nice game, the story of far cry 3 was better but the gameplay in far cry 4 is better. the outposts are more fun"
76561198063592410,Recommended,298110,31981813,Posted: 26 May,all,Gingervitis,"Yeah, it's okay. Haven't really played it for too long, but ya know. It's pretty good I guess."
,Recommended,298110,25523929,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,PooPPiE,Broken wingsuit 10/10
,Recommended,298110,28999741,Posted: 3 January,all,cogitaire,Like Far Cry 3 if it was actually good7/10
,Recommended,298110,32864636,Posted: 27 June,all,♛Lord1K1nG♛ 1337,very good cooperative game
,Recommended,298110,24404189,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Moosca,"With multiple endings, satisfying side collectibles, beautifully well written characters that feel like their own independently existing individuals instead of side characters on your own personal TV show, Far Cry 4 is a very worthwhile game that deserves to be an addition to that pile of steam games you'll never play. (But play this one!)So that was a little bit of a TL:DR becuase I write very long reviews, its just what I do.So lets start off with the pro's.The story to this game is very well written, I finished this game after eagerly eating up the campaign and playing with all the characters, who genuinely felt realistic, they all have their own motivations for doing what they do. This works beautifully in the game because it keeps you guessing throughout the game, as to what will happen next. The story gives you an end goal to what you need to accomplish, but the road to get there will keep you guessing.Another lovely thing that they decided to do was give very different multiple endings, hint, there's two of them that you can really play through. This presents the opportunity to play through already expansive game twice, because different choices will lead to different gameplay.I wont talk much about the collectibles, but they're genuinely fun to try and find all of them, many of them are hidden slightly cleverly, and this makes them fun to try and get.The gun play all feels super solid. And honestly, this is something that is way too important to me, but they hit it right on the head and its easy to use the weapons in the game and it feels good.The graphics are good, and hold up well even as I write this review mid 2016.The general gameplay is also great, the open world aspect means that you can create your own experiences as you venture forth into the world. You can go hunting, or lay traps for enemies by, say... putting C4 on a truck placed on a hill, and then release the breaks on an unsuspecting patrol of enemies!So... Cons? There really aren't many, a few things are mostly preferences.The only real con I can personally think of is that after leaving the game for a few months, I tried playing the co-operative mode again with a friend, and it literally took us half an hour to figure out how to get in a game together.Now this isn't a con, but it would honestly be lovely to have had an ending where you get to stay with Pagan Minh, after finding out more of his back story and playing through the other two endings, I honestly would have loved to have played through one game line with Pagan as the person I fight for (Note to Ubisoft, if you want another game made off of Kyrats map, instead of making Primal you should have made Far Cry 4 1/2 where we play helping out Pagan)"
15698732478915647,Recommended,298110,26924851,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,vietcong67,he needs a hug because he is just a nice guy that is just misunderstood
,Recommended,298110,32836664,Posted: 26 June,all,A Lamp,good
,Recommended,298110,33185092,Posted: 3 July,all,UjanG,Top 10 Ketololan abad ini
76561198318848501,Recommended,298110,33267447,Posted: 5 July,all,JeffGreef,Good game
,Recommended,298110,17306159,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Drunk Russian,"There's something about some crazy king dude but that's not important.Went to my dead parent's house and found two british stoners who drugged me and put me to fight soldiers while naked infront of a crowd, came back, and they told me some crazy monk took some old painting that was hanging on the wall.I then proceeded to go to a cave, pick up a weird scroll, and apparently took acid.Then there was something about some tiger and an elephant and demons or whatever, and then I rang a big bell.Naturally this continued until an explosive climax of killing a giant metal demon-bird.10/10."
76561198027511532,Recommended,298110,32606363,Posted: 20 June,all,CAPRESE BOY,Like Far Cry 3 but with a goofy helicopter thing lol
,Recommended,298110,16952658,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,dpuza,"This is the first Far Cry game I've played, and I don't typically care for first person shooters like Call of Duty, but I pleasantly discovered this is more comparable to Fallout 3, Skyrim, Assassin's Creed, Tomb Raider, Grand Theft Auto or Saint's Row.  I've gotten pretty addicted to hunting animals to upgrade my equipment, completing quests, capturing outposts, upgrading my home base, and finding secret locations.  I thought I was nearly done but then saw I have a ton of the map still unexplored.  The vehicles are pretty cool.  I haven't enjoyed stealth mechanics this much since Goldeneye or Tenchu Z.  It's pretty funny getting destroyed by Honey Badgers and Eagles.  The character animation cutscenes are really impressive although they kind of break the immersion since they cut to a different engine than the normal gameplay,  I have enjoyed this game a lot more than I thought I would.  Good, solid game."
,Not Recommended,298110,32811705,Posted: 26 June,all,vector-chan,"UplayCrashes if I use the scroll wheel on my mouseCrashes so hard the computer has to be restartedOften won't save your data and takes you back to the last main mission you completed, regardless if you clicked 'save'10 minutes of logos before the game unless you add -skipintro to the run parametersBland story and unskipable cutscenesTedious stealth missions and escort missionsI wasn't expexting much, gameplaywise. But I was expecting a certain amount of polish from a AAA game."
,Recommended,298110,29173680,Posted: 10 January,all,Mr.Doge,High af
76561198314115352,Recommended,298110,28716305,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Kingslayer,Toooofaaan!!!!!!
76561197995413586,Recommended,298110,28693599,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Swine,Incredibly fun! There are many places to explore and exciting things to do! Great game.
76561198271979372,Recommended,298110,28693293,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,A_HumanPerson,"This game is great. Good protagonist, good antagonist and great plot"
76561197971675085,Not Recommended,298110,30926371,Posted: 3 April,all,kennethbrdk,I like the game but not the fact that the game has a save function but when you load the game the next time you play - it starts where the game automatically saved it which can be way before you manual saves or the game crashes. That's a game breaker me for and therefore I can't recommend it.
76561197983811300,Not Recommended,298110,29593110,Posted: 30 January,all,TЯΞBΞL,Don't buy this on steam if you live outside the US or EU. I does not activate.https://steamcommunity.com/app/298110/discussions/0/624075374591297529/Asking for help from steam support is like watching grass grow. 4 (useless) replies in 2 months!
,Recommended,298110,20711118,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,oof,+1
,Not Recommended,298110,13157111,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Babooshka,Great game! If i could ♥♥♥♥ing play it!
,Not Recommended,298110,13171076,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Koitsu.,"It's ♥♥♥♥ing trash.boring, total copy of fc3, nothing interesting about it.Uplay is garbage as usual - don't support this company."
76561198084727325,Recommended,298110,13126895,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,SREGGIN,"Amazing. Very pretty. Gameplay is fun and entertaining. Minor bugs and issues though. NEEDS a performance fiz for PC. Screen tear is a large issue. Also, V-sync is bugged. 4-player co-op should be added aswell. Otherwise. Worth 60$??? YES!"
76561198127397980,Recommended,298110,13074956,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Baker Bung Sa,"Nice variety of gunsDecent storyThe leaders of the golden path are annoying as♥♥♥♥♥♥Character in my opinion isnt very memorable like Jason or Vaasdidnt like that the main villian (Pagan Min) was only featured at the very start and finish of the game ( I loved how much they showed vaas in far cry 3!)Basically if you have played 3 same mechanics with driving, shooting, the radio tower stuff, signature weapons,overall only a few additions (More animals, the new gyrocopter, choice missions, shooting while driving)"
,Not Recommended,298110,17031184,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Callahan,":WARNING: Uplay - No fun, screaming at the monitor, activation code every time! Ubisoft money pushers can't be trusted!"
76561198015850074,Recommended,298110,17010757,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Ca55,"FC4 is so similar to FC3 in mechanics and gameplay that in some ways FC4 feels like a big expansion pack to FC3. This is both a good and a bad thing. Good, because it'll be familiar enough to those who played FC3 so that playing it feels like you're just pulling on an old comfy pair of socks, but bad because it doesn't do enough to really make FC4 feel like an exciting, fresh addition to the franchise. Ultimately, I'm left thoroughly enjoying myself but craving much more.For those owners of FC3 who may still be on the fence about buying FC4, here are some reasons why you should consider the purchase:- The new scenery is a real treat, and there's a pretty sweet grappling hook mechanic in place to help you scale high cliffs and interact with the environment in a new and interesting way.- The selection of available weapons has been greatly improved versus FC3 and for me at least, this has been a really exciting aspect of FC4.- Greater variety of animals, including elephants that are rideable (after learning the related skill), eagles that swoop down to attack you (and scoop up pigs!), and crocodiles that may attack if you get too close to the water! Another really welcome change is that animal carcasses are now marked on the minimap with a small X so you can easily find that second wolf you shot.- Outposts are better designed, giving you more attack options but also with new defences such as long range mortar attacks (no more sniping once you've been spotted), and helicopter-based reinforcements!- There are now 4 'Fortresses' which can be captured like Outposts but are better defended.Reasons why you might end up regretting your purchase:- The storyline and general progression through the game is nearly identical to FC3. The antagonist this time is named 'Pagan Minh' who is a colourful character let down only by the fact that he hardly ever makes an appearance in person.- The game is once again primarily all about capturing Outposts and 'Towers' (this time it's a Bell tower but it involves the same puzzle solving climbing type mechanics as the radio towers in FC3)- Game mechanics are nearly identical to FC3. Weapons shoot similarly, vehicle selection and handling is unchanged, and the AI is about the same as FC3.- There is a disproportionate reliance on bizzare, gimmicky quests involving hallucinations and hallucinogenic drugs. If you thought there was a lot of this in FC3, you can expect more than double or triple of it in FC4. To put this in perspective, there's even a quest giver who only gives you quests that are carried out while tripping on hallucinogenic drugs. Personally this has been a huge source of frustration and disappointment for me because there is enough mission possibilities within the FC4 open world to not have to go down this ridiculous drug-induced coma route for options. I don't know if the community literally requested more of that nonsense after FC3 but personally it's really not interesting to me and I hope they abandon it for future instalments.In conclusion: FC4 is so similar to FC3 that it could be an elaborate expansion pack to FC4. It does all the same things as its predecessor very well but tries nothing much new. For some, like me, this is welcome, but for others, it will be an issue. If you're happy to play more FC3 with new textures and some new guns, this is worth the purchase. If that sounds terrible to you, rather keep your money."
,Recommended,298110,13144446,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Unkie Benis,"An absolutely stunning game from start to finish. Valley of the Yetis DLC was a great addition as well.Ill start with the story first: Its great. I'd give it a solid 9/10. Ajay is a great character and you can definitely see his attitude and character change as the story goes on. Though I felt Pagan Min lacked the level of insanity that Vass from Farcry 3 had. (Which is why Vass was one of the best Farcry baddies) I did see that he was pretty damn crazy, but I was actually scared of Vass's level of pure bat♥♥♥♥♥♥insanity. Pagan was was a great villian, but is hardly comparable to previous villians. I'd also like to point out that the storyline in Far Cry 3 was much MUCH better for me. I enjoyed feeling helpless as I tried to escape the island full of ruthless pirates. Though FC4 was a great story as well, just lacked the connection.The graphics... Oh my god the graphics. If you have the hardware to run this game at full Ultra with all Nvidia settings on get this game now. It will put your rig to the test and you'll find yourself just staring at the scenery as you travel around Kyrat. I've had a few moments playing with my friend where we would find amazingly beautiful areas in the game and we would both stand and admire just how incredible the Dunia Engine is.The co-op is plenty of fun to this day, I still play it every once and a while with my buddy. A huge step up from the disappointing co-op in FC3 in my opinion. Though I would've preferred some kind of playable co-op campaign, or just the main campaign at least.The multiplayer community is small, but sometimes its there. I find myself playing with the same people usually, but its difficult to find games most of the time.Overall I would prefer this game 1000000x more than I would prefer FC: Primal, as this game is just so much better and not a carbon copy of a previous farcry with a different storyline and setting. (Looking at you Farcry Primal)"
76561198079189395,Recommended,298110,17000220,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Otheym,"I'm giving this game a soft thumbs up.In all honesty you should think of this game as FarCry 3.25 not FarCry4 and not even FarCry 3.54 would imply that it is significantly improved or at least noticeably different.There are some subtle improvements that I liked:1 - Throwing bait that attracts animals to attack foes = good times :)2 - Auto Pilot when trying to shoot things and drive = also good times :)3 - Outpost master challenge (redo taking an outpost for high scores) = reasonably cool4 - Mini Helicopters = very coolThings that are not so good:1 - Story is weak, there is no rabbit hole here, they tried (barely) and it didn't work at all2 - It is expensive for something that is basically a big DLC3 - This game is virtually identical except you are in the mountains. Even the environmental noises are identical for F sakes; opening house doors, climbing things, sliding down hills, pulling up the map menu, clicking fast travel locations etc.Conclusion:If you had a big hard on for FarCry3 and will do anything to get another fix then buy it when it is at least 65% off. Otherwise just replay FarCry3 until Ubi decides to take this particular franchise a little more seriously..."
,Recommended,298110,20143179,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,PCGaming247,Best Far Cry so far cant wait for Primal
76561198077090936,Recommended,298110,20162235,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Pandas4hire,"If you liked Far Cry 3 and wanted a slight upgrade in the game play then buy this game. The main character's struggle feels disjointed, and his motivations seems dubious at best, but Pagan Min is my favorite part about this game."
76561198010557934,Recommended,298110,15458527,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,chosenxeno,"Just finished Act 1. This is one of the Best Looking games ever made In My Opinion(See my specs below. I've seen all the Graphics monsters at or near Max settings). If you liked Far Cry 3 you'll like this game. It's similar but There are new things like: Flying Vehicles, Animal attacks, Multiple Path Story Quests, Bait system that summons animals, improved multiplayer, Improved World Map(not enough was made about this. The map is much improved).From what I'm seeing this game should be sitting at a very positive. Ubi was under attack for Unity when this was released though lol. If you've been away from FC3 long enough I reccomend this game.P.S. If you wanna run it at ""Big Boy"" settings you'd better have a Big Boy rig.  I'm getting 48 to 60fps with everything maxed and MSAAx4 enabled(except Motion Blur because who the hell uses Motion Blur?).Rig: Sli 4GB 770s and a 8350 clocked @ 4.6"
,Recommended,298110,21195038,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Starlord23,Whoaa Really Worth It..ooo so this is Uplay
,Recommended,298110,30769541,Posted: 27 March,all,inconsistent,It's FarCry!! Have fun. No complaints. GG XD
76561198186396455,Recommended,298110,22429935,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Captin Pudden,The game is fun but its basiclly Far cry 3 with elephants and helicopters.
,Recommended,298110,13020634,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Kanabalt,"As good as Far Cry 3 and then much more. FPS equivalent of Just Cause 2, the most fun game ever."
76561198031618864,Recommended,298110,17383898,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Big Daddy,"SPOILER WARNING For Both Far Cry 3 and 4.For me, Far Cry 3 is, and always will be, one of my favourite games. From the possibility of hugely dangerous antics, to the fabulous story and voice acting played out by a diverse set of characters, to the gigantic amount of free roam capability in the world of Rook Island.Far Cry 3 was nothing short of perfect for me, and I can't say anything has or will ever surpass it in the way that it told it's story and had me holding on for this long. To this day, I love the experience I had with Far Cry 3 much more than any other experience I have ever had, and I've touched a boob before. Seriously, It was that good. I expected this game to be better than Far Cry 4, and in a way I was correct. In other ways the game faltered in inexcusable ways.I highly anticipated this game after watching the revel trailer that showcased the first few minutes of the game. I didn't know what to expect of the upcoming game, but I knew it would be good.From there, things got bad. I'll be comparing Far Cry 4 to it's older, better, tribal woman loving, gun wielding counterpart, also known as Far Cry 3.StoryFar Cry 4 to me, was incredibly indecisive in it's story telling, and didn't deliver what it wanted to correctly. During the game, you play as Ajay Ghale; a Nepali-an man who decides to help some local rebels from an unknown area in exchange for something he wants desperately, similar to that of Jason Brody from Far Cry 3 (excluding the Nepali-an part). That's not to say that Ajay and Jason are the exact same character. The two are very different, they have different motives and goals, different choices to be made, different areas to explore and different ways that they deal with obstacles in their way. A large difference between the two characters are the villains that they face. Ajay lacks the motivations that make your journey feel enjoyable and worthwhile; in contrast to the story of Far Cry 3. The supporting cast are horrible, the side you're fighting for doesn't even have any likeable characters. Even the villain was more likeable. The issue is that Far Cry 4 allows you to choose between the lesser of 2 evils. Your choices are terrible, you either go with a religious fanatic or a carbon copy of the main villain without any of the personality. Pagan was a madman, but he treated you with respect until the very end. I hated this game for so long, I hated everything about it, but mostly the story.I spent a long time reflecting upon this game. In due time I eventually just decided to replay it. In my second play thorugh my perspective of the whole game changed, it's superior to Far Cry 3 in almost every way aside from the story.I walked through the world, experienced it as an open entity that would allow me access into it's whole being. I experienced new things by truly taking in all of the world around me. But even then it couldn't excuse the atrocities that you commit as Ajay Ghale. Through much deliberation, my conclusion is that the developers intended for this. They intended for us to feel the way we do about Far Cry 4. They wanted to show us that your choices aren't always going to be beneficial, and that sometimes you need to pick between the lesser of 2 evils to succeed. Joining pagan would have made this game the 10\10 that I anticipated, but even then, Pagan is a villain. He peddled drugs, he murdered civilians, he pushed a totalitarian government upon the Kyrati people. That's not to say that the Golden Path weren't villains as well.And I know, I can hear you saying ""But Ron, the developers aren't that smart, just look at the writing!""They were smart enough to describe Ishwari's suffering at your fathers hands and how Pagan treated her right. The game foreshadows the point that Pagan loved your mother, and even though you're exactly like your father who took her away from Pagan, he still loves you out of remembrance of your mother. Pagan would have been the best choice, but we never had that choice. I believe that's what the developers wanted. Far Cry 4 also lacks the enjoyable missions, objectives and transition into the body of a true ""warrior"" that you experienced as Jason Brody. Instead, you're just a man who can naturally take down an entire army of highly trained soldiers single handedly.GameplayThe gameplay is astounding. The setting is far superior than Rook Island. The world is teaming with events that can be encountered to boost your immersion. This game feels a lot more open and explorable. On my first play through I used the gyro-copter quite often, and I'd personally advise against this as it breaks the immersion and prevents your from experiencing the world first hand. This game is also considerably more challenging. Enemies actually notice you and present a problem that needs to be managed. The inclusion of a stealth-based enemy that can control the animals around it also presented a whole new threat that I needed to be aware of.Fortresses are harder versions of Outposts that present a whole new level of difficulty. You need to be seriously prepared to take them on. Also, side quests make a return in a new and spectacular way. Instead of just 3 types of missions, you have Eye For An Eye (a assassination quest where the target must be killed with a specific weapon), Assassination (the target must be taken out without being detected and the photographed), Hunting Control (hunting packs of animals), Kyrat Fashion Week (getting rare pelts), Hostage Rescue (killing all guards while staying undetected and then saving the hostages) and many more. The variety makes a huge difference.P.S- That bridge would have been easy to get over If it was done in a real life circumstance if you were as powerful and resourceful as Ajay Ghale, so why can't I access it until Sabal allows me to. Seriously, I could have wingsuited over that thing, which I tried until I hit the invisible wall.ConclusionIt's certainly a must buy. If you ignore the implications of the story, or try to make up some kind of reasoning for sticking with Amita or Sabal then it's easily a 10\10. However, for me, I just couldn't get past the restrictions that were set. Pagan was a much better choice than either of the others and I see no way around that. I'd still give it a 8\10 for all aspects, story itself gets a 2\10, game play is a 10\10."
,Recommended,298110,15775956,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,<<Scorpio Uprising>>,Eagles.
,Recommended,298110,23806068,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,BenguinMan,Amazing game. 10/10.
76561198263755254,Recommended,298110,32056521,Posted: 29 May,all,kurtsplace91,Fun game. Worth playing to me
76561198086941683,Recommended,298110,13034694,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Melvunos,Its like ESO with guns. But no people.
,Recommended,298110,13155009,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Vekotin,"This is Far Cry 3 on steroids. It's seriously more fun, there's a ton more to do, much more variety in missions and the characters - at least some of them - have a bit of personality. So many little annoyances from 3 were fixed, and 3 in itself was already a great game. One thing specially worth noting are the Himalayas missions, which allow for a very welcome change in scenery from time to time. The nature is unpredictable, the missions allow for a lot of personal flexibility and ... okay, let's face it: Violence is fun and in this scale and detail, it's very fun, It also looks good, at least if you have some decent GPU power.Downsides would include some UI/control features that cause the game to do just about the opposite of what you wanted. Some small bugs still remain after the first big patch, but nothing major. Oh, and those gliding scenes here and there are just stupid, far more random luck than skill is needed. One of the Shangri La quests had a gliding/flying part that I had to retry a good 50+ times.Good stuff. Seriously."
,Recommended,298110,13034299,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Pentazer,"Despite occasional crashes, after the game has been optimized for best play it turns out to be the best in the series. Many improvements over Far Cry 2 and 3 in terms of the flexibility to approach any situation how you see fit. Multiple heavy weapons and explosives for berserkers while throwing knives, more than one bow, better take downs and more mobility overall means for stealthy approaches being just as practical. Grappling hooks, wing suits and even animals mean that moving around and getting to your target can be done your way. The chief antagonist is an incredibly interesting character, even more so than the VERY well performed Vaas from Far Cry 3. The environments, situation and gear in the game make this the best Far Cry yet.Its requirements can be pretty staggering however and even when properly tweaked its still a bit unstable and crashes a lot. It would be nice if a quick save function were enabled for the game, if anything to save me from the constant crashes more than the challenging enemies on hard mode. There are some minor bugs here and there but overall its quite robust for the initial launch. As further patches and fixes come out Im sure the bugginess will go away and a quick save will follow just as it did for FC3."
76561198071829047,Recommended,298110,13035797,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Mineral Writes,"If you liked Far Cry 3, go for it! The game really feels like an updated version of the 3rd installment, which as a whole isn't a bad thing.Pros1) Stunning scenery...part of the reason I loved the Far Cry 3 is the huge, beautiful world you're put into. If anything, they surpassed my expectations; Far Cry 4 has a variety of different environments depending on where you are on the map.Graphics as a whole look great as well.2) Core gameplay very similar to Far Cry 3 - definitely a good thing! What's more, they've included small improvements such as auto-crafting health syringes, marking downed animals on the mini map, an auto-drive feature, and other cool features. Even the UI has been improved.3) The wildlife is much more engaging. So far I'm in the first area and I feel that the wildlife really adds a level of challenge to the mix. Hoping to see more of that going forward...not too much more though.Cons1) It almost feels a little too similar to the 3rd one sometimes. Looking at the skill tree, there's not too many new skills. The good part is they've kept most, if not all the skills from the last game, so if you liked the skill tree, then it can kind of be viewed as a good thing. When all is said and done though, I can't help but think that they could of added a little more variety.2) This is kind of a personal gripe, but as much as I enjoy the wildlife encounters in the game so far, I have to say the eagle has to be one of the most obnoxious enemies in the game to date. This might just be bad luck or the areas I've been in, but I get attacked constantly by these goddamned birds. Part of the problem is melee doesn't seem to work on them (please someone correct me if I'm wrong) - whenever they get 10 to 15 metres from your character, he automatically goes into a defense animation, making you unable to do anything but watch your lifebar get drained. And the animation doesn't wound the bird - in fact, most of the time the eagle will fly away, and then come back to attack you, moments after you've fended him off. I know it seems like a silly gripe, but when you're surveying an outpost or something requiring stealth and these birds attack, you can't exactly start shooting in the sky like a madman. To make matters worse, the bird doesn't even give out anything useful, just some garbage feathers. I'm not even sure why they included this enemy in the game, I'm no eagle expert but last I checked, birds generally don't attack people unless you're after their eggs or something.EDIT: After another 7 hours of playing and I've only been attacked once! That's not to say I haven't seen any eagles.. I've seen plenty I assure you, they just seem to find the NPCs before they find me. I guess it was just bad luck in the end that I was getting attacked constantly. Still, the amount of times I hear a member of the Golden Path scream ""Watch out! An Eagle!"" is mind-blowing.3) I've heard a lot of negativity about the story in previous reviews. I can't comment too much on that given how far I've gotten, but so far it's alright. Not great, but not bad. If the game is fun (which it is), I tend to kind of look past issues with the main storyline. Honestly with all the side quests and junk to do, you tend to forget the story bit sometimes. At least I do.Closing CommentsIf I had to go back, I'd probably wait for a sale to buy it (or maybe not, I'm kind of impatient), but it's still a great game so far. If you like Far Cry 3 or have never tried it, you'll be sure to enjoy it. If you didn't like Far Cry 3, avoid this game as the core gameplay is essentially identical.5/7 IF PUT IN A SIMILAR POSITION, I WOULD PROBABLY STILL BUY THE GAME"
,Recommended,298110,13818804,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Velma Dinkley,Needs mor Pegan Min pls
,Recommended,298110,29238010,Posted: 13 January,all,SOCOM,"It's well made, but like many other games, its unfortunate downfall is that it gives my pc a BSOD error after about 2 hours of gameplay, like GTA V.  Other than that, it looks nice, the gunplay is good, and the difficulty is high.  The story sucks though.  The characters are shallow too."
,Recommended,298110,23615643,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Luffy,Not bad Decent Game
,Recommended,298110,23595475,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,the hugest man,Far Cry 4 Is the♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,298110,28953153,Posted: 2 January,all,Laura♥,"If you enjoy stealth, doNOTbuy this game. This game does show stealth mechanics in it's trailers, but they are extreamly broken. If an enemy spots a dead comrad, they instantly know where you are, if you miss a single shot they know where you are. And don't think you can hide the bodies, that doesn't work; I have seen these AI look at a body compleatly concealed behind a wall and instantly rush me. But byond the stealth there is also the problem with how much of a bullet sponge all the preditory animals are. It shouldn't take 3 bullets to the head to kill a dog when one can kill an armored solder. And even more piled on to the failues, the healing system, which works by holding control to either use a healing shot. But here's the catch, there is no way to ration the shots; if you are injured and need to heal you must use them, even if you already cleared out every solder for miles. And the fighting mechanics ohhh the fighting mechanics, where a sniper can shoot me through a tree trunk, and solders can shoot me from around a hill, but my sniper round can be stoped by a shrub."
,Recommended,298110,18343327,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Shadow Step,I rode a four wheeler off an airport runway and threw a grenade into a flying plane while I was mid-air. 100000/ 10  Would feel MLG again.
76561198079521937,Recommended,298110,13176410,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,hptango252,"Would not reccomend to a friend unless at a discount because it's just a cash in for the developers which is hopefully used for a much better game than this.Why I diden't like Far Cry 4: horrible stealth mechanics (follow the allmighty rock!!!), character is just horrible with his development and badly charted reason of staying, villians have horrible characterizations (Pagan dosen't have that reign fire on earth feel more of like i wish you were my boy so i won't kill you feel), skill tree is just crap, why can't I ride rhinos!!!, can't parachute out of helicopter like every other action game ever, music isn't memorable but it suits the story, same reecycled crap (1 side is easy and the other is harder, good is blue while red is bad, can't cross sides until major point in story, same characters and guns along with their same attatchments, same boring craftables, another arena, ect.).Why i did like Far Cry 4: new and interesting things such as (helicopters, the grapple, the Shangri-La, co-op, mg42 is kickass, fortresses, choosing your side during major quests, I love Longinus more than I love my own character, homestead is cool but some things wont respawn there and there are very few additions to it.My summary is that it needs less reused crap and more new and interesting things, but if you are a fan of it buy it at a discount at least or replay Far Cry 3."
,Recommended,298110,14440906,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,S7ЯIDΞЯ,"People getting all high and mighty with Ubisoft after the tragedy that was Unity... please don't spill it over into this game. FC4 is fun. Map editor and playing custom maps makes the replayability much higher. Story is decent, gameplay is solid. I wish multiplayer allowed you to progress the main story together. I also wish you could revisit the higher elevations after completing them in the story. The Sri-Lanka areas add some variety.Overall I just wish I could do more with the main parts of the game (Yogi & Reggie missions, Sri-Lanka, more forts) and less side missions because they are filler and get redundant.Grab it on sale, you'll like it."
76561197991310164,Recommended,298110,13024131,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Woady,"I thought they did a great job with this game. Yeah, it is kind of a reskin of Far Cry 3 but they added so many new things. There are tons more side missions, new enemy classes like the new ranger. You can mount elephants and use bait to lure predators to your enemies, new wepons and interesting characters, new vehicles such as the mini chopper, and CO OP mode. They added a ton of stuff and it has a good story line also. The Graphics are amazing. You can interact with the enviorment and they even added fortresses which are just bigger, harder out posts but i like it. This game in my opinion is also a bit harder than 3 was. I thought Far Cry 3 was a bit too easy, even on the hardest difficulty. This game seems a bit more challenging. I recommend this game to any FPS/Adventure/Open World gamers and of coarse any fans of Far Cry 3. Far Cry 4 is great and i rate it a 8.5 out of 10. The only things i didn't really like about it is how similar it really is to Far Cry 3, lag issues but i think they fixed most of it, and not enough new weapons at all. There are some good new signatures but that's it. They dropped the ball weapons wise."
,Recommended,298110,15308342,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,=PimpedOutVaultBoy=,BEST GAME EVER 10/10you can get what ever gun you want if you have the money and its unlockedyou can liberate bell towers and unlock new map areas and new gunsyou can kill EVERYTHING and liberate outpostsyou can blow some stuff up like an AMERICANFarCry4                                                                                                                           get it now or ill................. nevermind
76561197987458217,Recommended,298110,23545688,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,trango12,"This game is great fun, love the map editor feature...you get a lot for your money"
,Recommended,298110,24609912,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,SER POUNCE,"Far Cry 4 is Far Cry 3 on steroids.Brilliant fun, lots of action and an interesting environment to mess around in.The principle villian is also rather amusing and the story is reasonable for an open world sand box game, although the quest line 'choices' you make are basically between supporting one of two terrorist extremists, neither of which I found very endearing. There is an alternative ending though that is pretty funny.8/10 - Would reccomend to anyone who likes previous Far Cry games or open world FPS with an emphasis on action and exploration."
,Recommended,298110,24505242,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,XcerptShow.com,"I had all the reservations you did before buying this game.  I was worried about UbiSofts recent game performance  and the typical rpg concerns.  But dont put it off any longer.  I have wanted to play this game, but I have been waiting for it to go on sale.  The easiest way to sum it up is the more realistic modern day version of Skyrim(no dragons or magic)with co-op.  It is definitely worth getting. I should have gotten it a long time ago.The beauty about this game is the co-op.  This is what Skyrim was missing.  It is fun to do all this stuff, but aside from videos no one else can see it.  And showing off your skill in blowing crap up is part of the fun.The missions are repetitive as people say, but that is only if you choose to play them the same way.  There are many ways to accomplish things in the game.One of my biggest complaints in open world RPG's is have to walk or drive everywhere.  They have a nice balance in this.  They have fast travel points, auto drive, AND the gyrocopter.  The gyrocopter lets you travel quickly in straight lines and also allows you to not get somewhere and realize there is an elevation change that causes you to have to backtrack and find a way past the unscalable 6 feet of rock(I hate that!).If you care about the story: 1. You are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.  I cant stand people that say games didnt have a story or whatever.  It is a game not a movie!! Its purpose is to have fun. 2.Far Cry 4 has a great story so no excuses. (It is fun too!)There is tons to do in the world, and it was sad to see Far Cry Primal.  They had a good game in this and could have done something similar and done well, but instead they went the Primal route.  Hopefully, they will comeback to this style and keep the co-op."
76561198071037217,Recommended,298110,14927568,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Brian,It's Far Cry 3 with some improved features and a new setting. I have no problem with this.
76561198121506773,Recommended,298110,14927038,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Finkle_Fart,"I can't even play it, I just get a black screen. 10/10"
,Recommended,298110,32585867,Posted: 20 June,all,THESAINT,I recommend this game beacause you can play with mid-end pc even your pc low-end like me & i recommend when your pc is low-end your graphic setting change to medium
76561198038159822,Recommended,298110,24106162,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Nöttmann,10/10 buy it.
76561198047757828,Recommended,298110,13040515,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Peanut Butter Chocolate Flavor,Like Skyrim with elephants.
,Recommended,298110,20590807,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,❤ Jack ❤,"Far Cry 4, people keep saying that is the same as Far Cry 3  but they still didn't realized that is just one number UP.The game is really good and feels awesome at all it's ways, never tried multiplayer cause I don't want to.Campaine is fine but I hate when I have multiple choosies even if they are two.The thing that I find more interesting is MAP EDITOR I would give 9/10 to that idea.Game recommended for good PC users cause of Black bar problem in the top and bottom of the screen."
76561198192010411,Recommended,298110,25819347,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Keladran,I like auto driveNow i can play far cry and masturbate in the same time
76561198033754640,Recommended,298110,13045913,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,VenomSula,"I saw pagan use a pen to kill his men. 10/10 would replay againBut this is my review of the game, The good and the Bad, and this is opinion based so don't hate because I have an opinion. SPOILER ALERT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Good:Seeing the trailers before the game released got me excited for the game, especially knowing that there was going to be New progragonist, Location, Quest, Vehicles, Etc... Etc.... But what peaked my eye the most was the new Antagonist. We already seen Pagian Min back at E3 2013 and he looked like a promising new character, and looked fresh, like an original character that Ubisoft created. But besides that there were also going to be 3 other Antagonist: Noore, Paul, & Yuma. Each Antagonist is placed in a different area in the map so you dont have to see them in the same location, which gives you time to explore the map. Besides that Ubisoft also added new ways on how you can play the game, They have given you weapons such as the Auto-crossbow if you want to stealth, MG42 if you want to go loud, or bait if you want the animals to do the work. The minute I moved around i saw a beautiful atmosphere, and lots to do: Minigames, Outpost capture, or just helping fellow villagers restore what has been lost. What ubisoft added that i enjoyed was a Autodrive feature, so when you're a lazy and dont feel like pressing the ""W"" key to your location, all you have to do is press shift and you're on your way to the location, and if you're are under-attack while you're in the car, you dont have to get out of the car to kill the people and get back in, you can just turn yor screen to where the enemy is and fire. Like any Dark story, there always has to be a Comic Relief in the game to turn away from the dark Narrative story, They introduced Yogi And Reggi to Take you out of the dark world and Introduce you into a world with bright vivid colors, after they inject you with fluid, after you smoked their dank (weed). Hurk being Hurk wants to blow up stuff with his funny accent and is new to the country of kyrat. Find you to blow up stuff. What i liked what they added which few games have is a survival mode to test your skills which is the arena. The Arena adds waves of enemies that come after you, and what i like about it is they added an Endless survival mode, where you continue to play it until you die. and i do enjoy endless survival mode games, such as Zombies from Call of duty, Survival From modern warfare, I havent played it yet, looking for another partner to play it with me.Bad:Getting in depth with the game, the moment I got this game there was so much optimization problems, and the thing that bugged me the most was you couldn't pause or go to the pause screen during a cutscene, you're forced to watch the sequence until it's over. The characters in the game Have a short time being on screen, you rarely see them and once you get attached to them. Plus the story was kinda Ronchy, The Story had Cliche's, Blood kill, oh well bye. Rememeber how you could craft special arrows in the game, well, you're forced to now buy them, so if you're in the middle of the fight and you dont have special arrows and want to craft them, too-freaking-bad, He doesn't have the Jason Brody experience where you're allow to craft Explosive/Fire Arrows. Another thing that bugged me is the skill tree, Far cry 4 Tried to go easier on the Skill tree, but if you want to heal but dont have a syringe kit, you'll only heal 1 bar, but if you want to heal faster than you have to do more quest for the ability, or if you want to take out 2 people again, you have to do a quest. This game took me only 5 days to beat, The game is extremely short compared to Far cry 3, To summarize the time length of Far cry 4 and Far cry 3, If i got to the ending of Far cry 4, I would've already met hoyt in Far cry 3 during the burning cage scene. The map itself when you meet the characters it's only half the map where it's story based, the other half is for you to explore, I wanted to go see the other half of the map during story but i guess it's part of the game. When you're automatically put in a quest and you want to loot dead bodies or chest, you cant leave the area or it will autofail you. The quick-time events in the game were extremely fast and you couldn't tell if they were coming or not. The supporting characters in the game. It was nice to see alot of screen time for Amita and Sabal, but when it came to Hurk, or Agent Willis, they had so little missions for you to play, and then they leave you, I do like the idea that they made an appearence back into far cry 4, but i wanted supporting characters to atleast stay in the game for 5 or 6 missions more to help me with tips and tricks on the country of Kyrat. But i guess the developers want to focus their attentions on the antagonist and the game itself. And finally for my Final rant before i Rate this game Are the animals in the game, They sneak up and they kill you out of nowhere, I mean it's a nice touch to the game where they wanted to make the game look real, but when it comes to when you're capturing an outpost or fortress: Tigers, and bears will give away your positions in the game and you will be caught with the sirens calling in for reinforcements.Overall I do like this game so i will rate this out of 10Score: 8/10Is it worth 60 Dollars: Yes if you like a new location, Weapons, Side Quest, No if it's for the storyReason: Yes - If you wanted change in a Far cry game, this is the way to go, They added numorous amounts of weapons, More ways to play the game, New vehicles, and CharactersNo - If you expect a long story, Don't hold your breath, The story is way too short and The people you're attached to, They have short On Screen time before they off themselves.Well, i hope you enjoyed my Far Cry 4 Review, I'm Truly Sorry if you didnt like it or found errors in my Review, this is my first long Review and wanted to give you inside on what i thought it was like playing the game."
,Recommended,298110,13042938,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,HSoga,"So far it's been a good game. I've had a couple of technical problems but these are known issues and being addressed in the next patch. None of these have been show stoppers and I have since found a few work arround and am playing the game. I played FC3 with very high settings, and I do with this game as well.Some people have complained that this is just FC3 with a new map. I say that's a half truth at best. Although it's not a huge step away from the formula that made FC3 successful, I would say there is enough new content and features to keep things interesting.The story isn't terible, I won't post much about it here, but what I like is how they give you a few more choices in the direction it takes you as things begin to unfold. What I don't like is how it starts you out with out much back ground info on who you are and why you are in Kirat, Nepal or ""Kyrat"".I would recomend it. If you are on the fence and if you haven't played FC3, then pick it up cheap and see if it's a game you like. By the time you finish it you'll know if FC4 is the game for you. If you have played and liked FC3, then chances are, you'll want to play FC4."
,Recommended,298110,12995635,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Zeo ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ,"I have been playing this game for 6 hours straight.Here is all I have noticed.Single Player is very similar to Far Cry 3. Of course, all new things just as shooting from car is awesome, but it still feels like missing something. Im playing it on hard difficulty and it still seems too easy and the combat is pretty easy too.Cinematics in this game is just amazing and combat looks just awesome.Map is quite big and allot of things to do.Story is quite boring. Beginning was epic but the plot is too pretictable. Story is little too ""clichey"".Multiplayer for now is total crap. Of course, we have to wait till allot of epic cool maps comes out but the co-op is quite fun.Minor bugs but game is still amazing.I would recomend it even if its not as epic as Far Cry 3 was.EDIT:Missions are getting epic and its allot of fun, but too many bugs. I find new ones every 10 minutes and I have to restart missions allot."
,Recommended,298110,21269191,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Spuder,Ubiplay lets you acually play this !10/10
76561198048098298,Not Recommended,298110,30474819,Posted: 12 March,all,killerdogo669,HOW MANY YEARS OUT AND THEY CANT BE BOTHERED TO FIX THE COMPLETLY BROKEN AUDIO
76561197972953723,Not Recommended,298110,13194682,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,mox17,Game doesn't start. Don't waste your money on it.
,Not Recommended,298110,30443820,Posted: 11 March,all,ɹɯɐƃǝƃɐɹ,"Oh boy..This game is so buggy and glitchy, which was a surprise to me as i never had any issue with the previous games. So far, I've died to parachuting from a safe distance, and teleporting to the ground and dying instantly, seen myself fall through objects and at times, just fall out of the map all together, enemies spawning inside of rocks and can still shoot and kill me, the bow glitching out and constantly putting an arrow onto the rest over and over again (had to switch weapons, couldnt quickfix it) sometimes the game drops to 1fps, and it usually runs on ultra graphics at 80fps (R9 390 card). The grappel gets ""stuck"" in the wall im climbing, causing me to go to the bottom of the cliff/wall and try again, and sadly the list doesn't stop there.Enemies seem to knock you down from 5 metres away, and can shoot again before you stand up, making the knife completely useless unless you havent been spotted. The hitreg, jesus. Its worse than CS:GOs. Aiming at the middle of the enemies body and shooting right through, multiple shots in a row. Get to rank 10 in the arena to unlock the bushman? Get f*cked. It's next to impossible.A real let down, which is sad because it looks so great. I can't resist but to take a screenshot here and there."
76561198019173980,Not Recommended,298110,30582661,Posted: 17 March,all,celeciafirestorm,Good luck getting this game to run. I have been trying for more than two weeks just to get through the uplay login. I even uninstalled and downloaded the new client from the uplay store. Do not buy this game as long as uplay is attached.
,Not Recommended,298110,15410459,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Ninja Hamster,"If you play for single player run around go for it , if you play for multiplayer friend shennanigans skip  they pretty much broke multi player"
,Recommended,298110,29416748,Posted: 22 January,all,Aftershock,Love this game!
,Not Recommended,298110,30359537,Posted: 6 March,all,Dante,"Amazing game, poor port. I do not recommend this as, with Far Cry 3, it gives me motion sickness but this time for different reasons relating to FOV. As it happens, editing the FOV does not affect the weapon view models. This results in a good VIEW FOV but with the terrible side-effect of your weapon taking up a large, large portion of the screen, creating headaches and a motion sickness type symptom. After a lot (And I mean a LOT) of research into fixing this, it has been determined by the community that there is NO and I repeat: NO fix for this issue, so the game is unplayable (At least for me and others like me).It's a real shame, but like Far Cry 3, this is just another bad console port."
,Recommended,298110,14481264,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Giraffe Bazooka,Think intense Don't Starve.
,Recommended,298110,13001015,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Dizzy,Ran into a rhino and got my car flipped over.10/10
,Recommended,298110,28017375,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Kadorhal,"You can one-hand a 40mm grenade launcher from the pilot seat of what is essentially a helicopter to rain death on your foes. With a co-op buddy hanging via grappling hook below for whatever purpose you can find for them down there. Why don't you own this game yet?oh, right, uplay. Well, nothing's perfect.EDITfor a little seriousness: If there's any issue with the game (other than using uPlay, even if it hasn't been up to the ""massive memory leak"" level it was at back when I tried to get Future Soldier at launch), it's thateverything, goodandbad, is turned up to eleven in this game. Signature weapons aren't all that special anymore when the slowest pistol in the game gets one unlocked for purchase just because you actually visited the store. Animal attacks will ruin damn near every attempt at stealth on an outpost because on top of the old tigers and bears, you now have wolves, dholes, honey badgers, and rhinos to contend with, and they end up covering half the country. The game is absolutely scizophrenic about random events, as well, and will constantly set you up to do something or other every five minutes, then send youanother, completely different thing to do as you're trying to do the first one. I can't even go five minutes without finding a karma event of some variety or ending up in the path of a cargo truck - and I don't think I'veevermanaged to go for one without the game immediately trying to spawn the other on me as well.Still, the things that were already good are even better here, too. Plus, y'know, actual campaign co-op after the prologue, which doesn't take very long if you know what to do. I can't be the only person who likes that."
,Recommended,298110,14927835,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,costiq,"Now, that DarkStarSword & the guys from Helixmod have done it -http://helixmod.blogspot.co.uk/2015/03/far-cry-4.html- the game is, finally, really enjoyable.I slap myself for not being patient enough to wait for their fix. I've slaughtered my vision by playing it with the fake 3D option from NVidia... :(Now, I might need to start a new game to forget the pain...The game looks now fantastic!DarkStarSword & guys: Thank you for doing this.PS. Personally, I think Ubisoft should, at the very least, send their gratitude to you all.PPS. This might be one of the great mysteries of this decade: when the 3d world has been already, finally unleashed, why, why the 'Big ones' want to keep us - people with two eyes - in the dark ages of two dimensions?"
76561197981521267,Recommended,298110,14426734,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,JoJo_rar,Great! A lot of content!
,Recommended,298110,13990058,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Nathan,"Very Fun Recommend Alot There Is A Ton Of Stuff To Do Like Riding Elephants With Your Friends,Hunting,Blowing Up Stuff,Playing Maps Made By Other People,Playing With Friends Ect.The Only Problem Is When I Start The Game Nothing Happens So I Cant Play Anymore And It Was Working At First Can Anyone Help Me :( But 10/10"
,Recommended,298110,20350447,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Mitko0111,I reccomend it
85185209311420851,Recommended,298110,14721254,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Vermilion,"It's Far Cry 3 in the mountains...Okay, it's a little more than that, and also a little less.Basically, if you thought Far Cry 3 was good, buy Far Cry 4.If you've never played either, buy Far Cry 4.Well, that wasn't the turn I expected this to take...So, travel can be a little tedious since the terrain is harder to navigate (rarely can you draw a straight line between two points that isn't obstructed by a few sheer cliff faces), but the new radio personality is hella funny and the music is interesting.Little events on the road will help keep you busy, too. Save some pedestrians from a honey badger, or hijack a supply truck. Stuff like that.The Shangri-La missions are a treat, though. Surreal and crazy, but engaging and interesting all the same.Some of the characters can get grating, and the main mission choices boil down to ""help a few people now"" or ""save a lot of lives down the line"", with the dude wanting to save every man, woman, and child, and the woman wanting to secure a strong, peaceful future through immediate violence now. It's some interesting gray-area morality when you get down to it, and more interesting than the usual choice between saving a school full of orphan kittens, and personally slaughtering each and every one of them with a rusty soup ladle.Gameplay-wise, well, it's Far Cry 3. Again.Guns are more responsive than they are in Battlefield, but less responsive than they would be in Call of Duty. It's functional and fun. Diving all around environments, running through buildings and diving out windows in one v. many firefights to constantly catch your enemy from behind is fun, easy, and satisfying. There are a variety of weapons, and each one feels pretty unique to wield.Running, jumping, gliding, and climbing are just unrealistic enough to be fun while remaining not too far from possible.As for multiplayer features, well, I have no ♥♥♥♥ing idea. It launches through uPlay, and uPlay never seems to let my game connect to any of the online features. ♥♥♥♥ uPlay."
76561198019023898,Not Recommended,298110,12996785,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Niko,"The game is sold without CD key!!!Update: got the key in 20+ hours after purchase, seems like Ubi key generator is having a great time.It's a pity that after getting upgraded next gen consoles game making companies now have room to slack in optimizing their products. The game is far from being finished - constant FPS drops are horrible. You can't skip cut scenes - you are forced to reload when you fail a quest and look at the cut scene again. Free sandbox is a myth here, you roll on tracks and there is nothing else to do. Mouse behavior and aiming is ruining the fun - if I wanted to have something like a simulated aiming experience I would've played ARMA. Gama and motion blur is making my eyes hurt after 1 hour of gameplay (motion blur is not turning off even by editing the configuration file). And it's more like Far Cry 3.5, could've bee0n easily done with a content update.Definitely not worth the money asked. Only for some XMas sales!"
,Recommended,298110,27389431,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,executable,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥up with elephants
76561197965928460,Not Recommended,298110,15865569,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,starwatcher,"The Far cry series devolves into an assassins creed like reality with far cry 4. Way too much meta game filler at the expense of immersion and suspension of disbelief. Locals, characters and wildlife are often just ridiculous and annoying. Does some things well but overall a big step down from far cry 3 and  far cry 2."
76561198092699366,Not Recommended,298110,15345613,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,CookieDingo,"OK, I'll start this review by admitting: I never beat the game, I only have 9 hours and I'm not a huge fan of Ubisoft. This game was quite disappointing I couldn't bring myself to bother finishing it. The game itself was fine but hardly anything of importance differed from Far Cry 3. The graphics have improved but not much from its predecessor; and at time to me it just looked like a darker version of Far Cry 3 but you can't judge something on the way it looks. The game's story was... just so bad. Not in the sense that the story was poor but it just seems like Ubisoft got lazy and took Far Cry 3's story and altered it slightly by changed the main villain etc. You're stuck on and island ruled by a dictator who has a big army that all the locals hate, some of the locals have rebelled and you join them to take down this dictator, sound familiar? That's because Far Cry 3 was pretty much the same thing but the only difference is why your character is there. The main villain too was very dull compared to the likes of Vaas (I guess that he's hard to upstage but Pagan Min didn't even come close for me.).The only redeeming feature of this game was the newly added Co-op but let me ask you this, does Far Cry 3 with Co-op and a different map really justify a £45 price tag. This game is mainly focused around story, in my opinion, if you every played Far Cry 3, you're not missing out on much. If you wish to see this story I would say a better option would be to buy Far Cry 3; it has less bugs and a it's lot cheaper. The new ""Fortresses"" are hardly fortresses. It's built up to be this big, difficult task but when in reality it's just a big outpost and this ""hard difficulty"" is just a flat out lie, all it is is more time consuming than a outpost but the difficulty is the same. Once you get the grenade launcher the game is just easy, nothing threatens you. You pose more threat to yourself that the enemies or the wildlife (Other than the annoying Hawks :c).Overall this just seems to be Far Cry 3 with a new map and co-op. The story is hardly different, the game mechanics are the same, other than the grappling hook which is more of a cheap, pointless gimmick that doesn't interest me. I really don't think enough was added from Far Cry 3 to make an entire new game with a £45 price tag. I would suggest two things, buy Far Cry 3, as the story is pretty much the same anyway (And better IMO), or buy it when it goes on a sale (I would say this gives enough to justify a £20 or less price tag, no higher.). Also, a warning, this game has a lot of crashing issues that still, to this day, remain in the game. I myself and a friend of mine have both had issues where the game refused to start despite working fine the day before and having nothing change. I did get past my issue but moving a file into the correct location (The fact a file was in the wrong location stopping it from starting was just plain stupid) but I still  got the odd crash here and there such as when I loaded a second custom map the game would fail to load it and crash. The custom map editor has improved for those wishing to do something with that, but still not enough for a new game with such a large price tag.I would also like to add that I got this at full price and regret it. This game is worth £20 or less, nowhere near good enough for a £45 price tag. Also... it uses Uplay... no one likes it but we're still forced to use it :/. If you read all of this... well congrats I guess."
,Recommended,298110,20235153,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Happy,"It's a good game.My one problem is theSAVEand exit button tells you ""All unsaved progress will be lost."""
,Recommended,298110,28644648,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,SlamifiedBuddafied,"Far Cry 4 continues the forumula Ubisoft near perfected with how the previous installment Far Cry 3. The forth in short is a reskin skinned, polished up and slightly larger version with some different characters; most of which aren't anything to be remembered, but serve their purpose in the already flimsy story. Truth be told, if you want the Far Cry experience, go back and play the third one where there's actually a character arc, a story worth mentioning and better characters. That said...This game does some of its bit quite right, though it plays near identical to FC3, the environment is more expansive with plenty of nooks and crannies to explore. Bits of lore scattered around and secret areas that aren't so much a secret when you can just buy a map early in the game to reveal locations in sectors of the map. So if you go in expected a base open world experience to shoot bad guys with a bunch of different moddable guns, sneak around ghosting enemy camps, crafting drugs out of local plants and the occasional phsycadelic trip running through the Karat countryside.All in all, Far Cry 4 isn't a bad game, but you can get just as good an experience with the previous title for a lesser price. Though the games are still trapped behind Ubisoft's uPlay, I personally have never had any issues with the launcher, but others seem to have issues with the drm and such. So if you've the money and want a pretty fun open world shooting experience, you're in the right place, but better choices are out there.Pros:-The world is detailed and beautiful-Some game mechanics are a bit more polished than FC3-Explortion can be rewarding-Engaging combat with decent stealth and combat-Amusing easter eggs and some multiple endingsCons:-A laundry list of collectables scattered across the map-Some repetitive missions-Re-skin of Far Cry 3-Most characters aren't interesting-Overpowered abilities late gameOverall, fun game, worth the buy. But go check out Far Cry 3 if you haven't, you'll get a better experience in my opinion."
76561198035997459,Recommended,298110,16609977,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Billygreek,I want a DLC to join Pagan Min and fight the Golden Path
76561198101088185,Recommended,298110,13304092,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,vibes,Great Game for a Big Pc it runs really niceBUT BEWARE LAP TOP USERS I ALSO HAVE A RAZER BLADE 14 and Its fps on the lowest possible stats will only give u around 17 fps
,Recommended,298110,19385432,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,SpiderKZN,"download, install, change option. Cant start up. then repair. It working.Beautiful graphic, familar feeling from Far Cry 3, good story. as I only start first chapter. Will update when I'm done."
,Not Recommended,298110,14524258,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Rhubarb,"I want to shoot whoever I want without the game forcing its garbage morals on me. Good guys, bad guys, who cares?Excuse me for playing this open-world sandbox game my way.EDIT: Upon beating the game I learned that shooting whoever I want was the way to go, yet the game still insists on arbituary punishment."
,Not Recommended,298110,13029865,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Shambles,"Well, the game is buggy as all hell on release. I can't even run it. Black screen, just like EVERYONE ELSE.Ubi said they had a fix, but refused to release it as a hotfix. They want to release it with the patch, which was supposed to come out today...So no, don't buy this game. I'm sure it's awesome if you can play, but the combination of a buggy release, a publisher who doesn't give two ♥♥♥♥♥ about us, and a bunch of peepee-riding apologists saying it's GOTY material, I'm done.I'll probably review this again when I can... you know... play it."
76561197999887587,Not Recommended,298110,13032940,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,TrumpPence2020,"Game does not work, 4 days after release. Black screen. How can I get a refund?"
76561197991608807,Not Recommended,298110,13030537,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,VTECH,game will not load.
,Recommended,298110,26857496,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Doi,"Pretty fun, but a lot like FarCry 3."
76561198018725266,Not Recommended,298110,28180992,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,haymandltd,"If you couldn't get enough of Far Cry 3 then you will love this game!After clocking up a few hundred hours on FC 3, respectively playing FC 4 is like a good song on the radio that plays over and over and over again until you hate it, this is way too much like Far Cry 3! I'm not going to play anymore I’m bored and I have to say I’m sad and disappointed with the lack of diversity, a real shame but thanks anyway."
76561198136027115,Recommended,298110,30295754,Posted: 3 March,all,BlueRabbit,"Great game,great graphics<3"
76561197968305227,Not Recommended,298110,30477102,Posted: 12 March,all,ChaosEngine,"The recommendation not to buy this game is restricted only to the PC version. If you just analyse the content, Far Cry 4 is a worthy successor to Far Cry 3. I've sunk well over 60 hours into it and I haven't cleared the second act.The reason I don't recommend a purchase is that the PC version is incredibly unstable. I have a monster rig, more than enough to get it running @ max settings at 60fps and most of the Nvidia extras (except soft shadows). It is insane how easily the game will just hitch once and then crash. There are more than a few times where you will crash repeatedly in the same spots and be unable to continue unless you turn the settings down. Sometimes, that isn't enough and you have to restart the computer before you can progress.The slightest thing can set it off, killing the flow of your playtime. My game file tells me I've spent over 30hrs in game... but I've spent 60hrs according to Steam. You can probably tell then how much progress has been lost due to crashes.In short, if you loved Far Cry 3, it's more of the same. Just don't buy it for PC."
,Not Recommended,298110,30482334,Posted: 12 March,all,TheDrunkenGod,"Broken Game! I have a golden path mission that I cannot accept, it takes me to a closed tnt, I have played every other mission and completed them, but cannot continue with the main strory line.  I am very dissapointed with this game.  I loved Far Cry 1 and Far Cry 3, but now I am done with this franchise.  To much repetition and then game breaking play preventing me from doing main missions.  Very Dissapointed!"
,Not Recommended,298110,29451258,Posted: 23 January,all,Aplem,"I really don't know what to say about this game. It has a few more features than FC3 yet still feels the same. I mean this in a bad way as well. After playing the game and completing the campaign as well as a good load of side missions, the game feels way to repetitive. Kill Baddies > Sell Loot > Buy Weapons > Kill Animals > Craft Items > Kill Badies > Repeat.The game has very little replay value and the characters are very, very hard to form a bond with. Sure, the story uncovers a-lot about our protagonist, yet it does it in a way that makes it near impossible to really FEEL like you are in his shoes and that you know him on a personal level.There is much this game could have improved on and there are parts this game has done very well. It did a great job creating a new unique environment that still feels familiar to FC3. It adds in new modes of transportation and new forms of combat. However the game could have used a decent chunk of features. For example, closing off half the map until you progress further in the story? No. That is bad. Close off the main compound sure. But half the map? The idea of open world is for you to be able to explore the OPEN WORLD. There are players out there who right off that bat, want to see the world and unlock the towers so we can get that gun we want. Yet we have to make it through half the game to get to that point.The grind is there, as in any crafting game. This game has an issue of making that grind a little too much. Let's take for example, the Rhinos. If I were to take a let's say .308 rifle and shoot a Rhino square in the face. I can promise you the bullet would not just reflect off its skull. The animals are way, way, way too overpowered. From personal experience I can tell you it doesn't take 30 bullets to put down a cougar. It doesn't take 5 arrows. It takes 1 bullet or 1 arrow. Keep it cool. Nerf the animals. Focus on making the game more unique and focus on character bonds.I rate this game 5/10 and with that do not recommend it. I have hopes that the next Far Cry will be better."
,Recommended,298110,12995729,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,alphasquad45,Crabbed Rangoons were not tasty.....so he killed them all....i think he loves me.... oh yah and the game is pretty good 9/10
76561198089533667,Recommended,298110,14428414,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Hotchinaboy,Only non-dead mom game from UBI this year
76561197977760610,Not Recommended,298110,14998850,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,XxQuickKillaxX,"Far Cay 4, overall, is a fun game, if you liked Far Cry 3 its pretty much the same game with some added features (elephant riding, grappling hook, more guns, different side missions etc.), but I cannot recommend the game. The combat is fun, the guns feel solid when shooting, the enemies are smart and our out to kill you along with all the animals. Pretty much Ubi got everything right….but the story.The story felt very flat and lackluster with the main character very emotionless and bland. For Pagan being the protagonist was utterly the worse “protagonist” in a game. There was nothing intimidating or fearful, or tough about him. Even with the ending(s), ubi’s story telling has really gone downhill. This is prominent in there other games (example, Watch Dogs) and FC4 is no different.If you can, just buy and play though FC3, it had a much better story that actually left you feeling like you didn’t waste your money.  I for one, am done with ubi’s AAA titles until they release a franchise.TL;DR: If you want FC4 for the story be prepared to feel very disappointed.  If you can care less about the story and just want to do everything else that you did in FC3 this I would get it on sale.EDIT: Also the game crashed on me multiple times, even at times of importance."
,Recommended,298110,29421494,Posted: 22 January,all,jjj,"If you havnt' played far cry serious, play this. Or just stick far cry 3 is ok."
76561198122343849,Recommended,298110,13309377,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,C1ouDm4k3r,"Graphics -  10/10Story      -    9/10Gameplay - 8/10Can get a bit boring shooting people and stuff when you're done with the story, but Co-Op Story? ♥♥♥♥ing amazing!Overall - 10/10"
,Recommended,298110,13837699,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Mr.DoH,"AFKed around 15 minutes in the start place and suddenly game was completed, GG 11/10 would play again.But on serious note, now that i finally have time for this game im expecting some kick♥♥♥♥♥gameplay and return here back once im done with the game."
,Recommended,298110,18180700,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Tundra Hunter,just set shadows to high and everything else to ultra and you'll get 60+fps without any drops :) (gtx 970 user)
,Recommended,298110,31110267,Posted: 12 April,all,Trashcan,yeah i guess thius game is fun but all you do is shoot dumb chinks in a mountain so it's just kindof there
,Recommended,298110,34412440,Posted: 22 August,all,SiD,I played a short time but I think it is a cool game
76561198046732318,Recommended,298110,29578143,Posted: 29 January,all,The Family Pickle,"Far Cry 4 is the fourth installment in one of Ubisofts best series. You probably already know this if you're thinking about buying Far Cry 4 though.While it borrows heavily from Far Cry 3 all it does is improve on it. You can now grapple onto ledges (only ledges with the grapple symbol). The wingsuit returns and plays just like it did in Far Cry 3. Healing syringes autocraft. The game looks beautiful and still holds up today. Everything from Far Cry 3 is brought back, including game mechanics, skills, etc, but... more. And its improved upon greatly.The story is mediocre honestly. It's not the most powerful story but the ending is quite satisfying depending on which one you get and I ended up hating the people I was working with (The Golden Path) more than the actual villian, Pagan Min. And I want MORE of Pagan! He's so goddamn classy and I wish they incorporated his charisma and character into the story more.All in all I think Far Cry 4 is a great game. Some may think that this is just a re hash of Far Cry 3, and while that may be slightly true it still holds its own quite well. I reccomend."
76561198005949207,Recommended,298110,12990886,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,RednekRanger,"First off I have to say that with all settings maxed out this game will give you eyegasms, it looks every bit as amazing as they said it would. With that being said, although I see an awful lot of recycled game mechanics borrowed from Far Cry 3 in this such as the gutting animals and using wild animals to wreak havok, they gave it a fresh enough feel to make it seem all worthwhile and enjoyable again.Overall I'm extremely happy with FC4 so far and the story (from what little ive played) is able to suceed in keeping your interest. I really think Pagan is the baddest dude since Crowe from Far Cry Instincts! I hope yall enjoy this game just as much and happy hunting! Free roaming goodness all around! 100/10."
76561198007297935,Recommended,298110,14940692,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,kneale1759,"Fantastic, if you liked FC3, then this is for you.Much is the same or very similar but all absorbing and it is suddenly 2 hours later!! or 2.30 a.m.Enough new stuff tokeep the majority playing. I refused to pay full price and waited for an offer and worth every penny.Enjoy!!"
76561198006979288,Recommended,298110,13138713,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,General Mortars,"Someone asked me if this was like Farcry 3 with elephants... well no!It is a sequel and so that means some will be carried over but I have to say this game is superior to FC3 is some ways.The environment, I feel, is just cooler.  Elephants.  Some weapons are different.There are some people complaining that it is cut and paste but what about Assassins creed?  I love the formula of FC3 and I am glad they stuck to it.  The time difference between the 2 games isn't that much but there is that much there that FC3 players would love to play it.  And so quickly after FC3!Buy it.  It's a great game.  The shangri la sequences are epic.Love it.  More detailed than fc3, had to turn my system options down a bit.Still great."
76561198069261985,Recommended,298110,25842373,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Ashitaka,Loads of fun. Graphics are great and the terrain is lush and full of life. You won't regret buying this title.
,Not Recommended,298110,15014538,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,ALLROY,"The Good:-Liberating outposts sometimes atop an elephant wihile using a grenade launcher = AWESOME FUN TIMES!-The Tibetan imagery, especially the Shangri-La levels which are the most interesting throughout the whole game and is the only thing that truly feels new to the series.-Troy Baker is outstanding as Pagan Min.The Bad:-While many complained about the main characters of Far Cry 3 as being d bags, which they were, the characters of Far Cry 4 are infinitely more flat with little to no personality. I'd rather hate a character than feel nothing at all for them.-The overall campaign is a slogging bore with very few memorable missions. Sneak here, defend this, repeat, snooze. I was thinking it would end with an epic journey up a mountain to release your Mother's ashes but it doesn't. With the ""15 minute"" ending, it's like Ubisoft knew they made a subpar game and allows players to get it over with at the very beginning. Do yourself a favor and just keep your butt in the chair.-An open world? Not during the campaign missions. While you may think of a better way to go about playing the missions and want to try some various options, if you're too open minded you'll get a warning about straying from the area with a countdown timer to remind you of the linear mission you're in the middle of in an ""open world"" game.-Mumu Chiffon. Go around collecting all these animal skins for absolutley no payoff. Upon completeing his tasks you return to find a note saying that fashion week has been cancelled. Of course what he would have made you would have looked ridiculous but it would have been something as opposed to putting ""x"" amount of time in for nothing.In my opinion, this is the weakest of the series and I'd rather have the malaria from Far Cry 2 than play though this one again."
,Recommended,298110,20287887,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,nManson,"I'm enjoying it so far, good mix of graphics and gameplay."
76561198068493218,Not Recommended,298110,15409780,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Slimbozie,"The game would be fine if Uplay wasn't so terrible. same thing happned to me in farcry 3. i activate my game. play it for awhile until the first update. i update it, then my cd key no longer works. why make me re enter it in the first place? anyway i dont feel like jumping through hoop sagain to play this game so im prob just never going to buy another."
,Not Recommended,298110,15807831,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Saintvanilla,"eh, game has great looks so far but I just cant get into it because a lot of it feels like recycled far cry 3 material imo. 10/10 would play far cry 3 again."
,Not Recommended,298110,15408201,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,CthulhuCactus,Would be a great game if it was OPTIMIZED.
,Not Recommended,298110,30586203,Posted: 18 March,all,Tro The Chain King,A very anti-climactic game.Don't waste your time on this cut 'n copy game.
76561197990278614,Not Recommended,298110,28595429,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,idaho1977,"This game is chore to play. Unlike Far Cry 3, this game is full of distractions from the story. The story itself is not bad, but doesn't offer any third way. Either way I felt ending up an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥."
,Recommended,298110,31706163,Posted: 12 May,all,hansune,nice story and graphic i played 3time and restart=)
,Recommended,298110,31979923,Posted: 26 May,all,Mr Retrospect,One of my all time favourites of the Far Cry franchise. I would recommend this game to anyone who like open world games with a taste for action and exploration.
,Recommended,298110,15363799,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Hanosandy,"A very fun, gorgeous, and well thought out open exploration experience.  The story is well done, invoking and engaging.  The graphics are...well it's a far cry game - they are gorgeous.  Sound scape is,  yet again, a far cry game and are brilliant.  Launching Uplay is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to play the game, but doesn't pose as much of an obstacle as many reviews suggest.  It's a good 50-65 hours experience (my wife has played and beat it).  I recommend this game, but strongly suggest to wait until a steam sale.  It's a great game, but far cry games go on big sales during the bi-annual steam sales.  Controls are tight, and responsive.  Co-op mode is fun, although a little tricky to engage in - and get set up.  I recommend a 3rd party VOIP program and server for playing co-op."
,Recommended,298110,17226660,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,WaterBustard The PolyDactyl,very good addition to the farcry series.
76561198003770209,Not Recommended,298110,14170578,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Bombastasticus,"Complite 10% of the game, cant hold any more the shity bugs and fails of the game.CANT SKIP CUTSENSE!!!! WTF"
76561198050660802,Not Recommended,298110,19506082,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Dirty Dingus McGee,"Pretty much the same thing as FarCry 3. If you really liked FarCry 3 and want to spend a lot of time doing the exact same things (besides a different story line), than this game is for you. There really isn't much deviation from FarCry 3 in terms of weapons, upgrades, skills, or game mechanics."
,Not Recommended,298110,20986734,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Almighty Helix Fossil,great game too bad uplay wont let me play it
76561197967804604,Not Recommended,298110,13021440,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Evilbit,"Got to be honest, not impressed.The game contains very minor tweaks on far cry 3.  Match that up with occasional crashes to desk top (2-3 times per session), and it's really hard to see this as a good buy.New addition - after about a week of play, I am fully tired of the online offline gameplay dynamic.  The online connection drops may 1 out of 3 games, and if you are in a mission, all progress is lost.  Who thought that one up?"
,Not Recommended,298110,20127361,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Octavius Augustus,"Far Cry 3 is better. The Primal it will show us some ""hope""?"
,Recommended,298110,13001004,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Artist Formerly Known as Satan™,"Charged into a compound with a friend riding elephants, Only to be stopped by a horde of Honey badgers.Honey Badgers dont give a♥♥♥♥♥♥if your on a elephant10/10Skyrim with Guns ~IgnIt's pretty damn good!"
76561198341096897,Not Recommended,298110,33502661,Posted: 13 July,all,elelionz,"I'm a big fan of the Far Cry franchise but this game is just too buggy. I've never gotten past 3% of the game because it freezes and crashes every single time without fail. I've spent literally hours with Ubisoft tech support but they can't solve it and just have me try a bunch of useless stuff (like edit my registry because they think my Windows isn't updating, like a recent update for Win 10 will solve buggy code that was written for Win 7...) all in all this is my biggest disapointment yet by Ubisoft. Steam are d**ks for not giving me a refund for this game (they claim I have more than 2 hours of play time, which is true since Ubisoft tech support have had me run the game many many times). Unless you are running Win 7, DON'T buy this game, you are taking a huge risk that it will not run."
,Recommended,298110,30716887,Posted: 24 March,all,ComradeGarfield,k.
,Recommended,298110,13015860,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Professional N00b,"Beautiful graphics, ridiculously fun gameplay, and some of the most interesting characters I've seen in video games.Plus I can hunt goats with rocket launchers.That being said, I now have a fear of birds.  Whoever decided to include killer birds in this game was pure evil."
76561198001224584,Not Recommended,298110,13012360,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Arkitecht22,"the multi-player is like a really bad, sad version of cowboys and indians.... way to mess up the best multiplayer franchise I've played to date. This was a huge huge waste of money. The ping is high for games, and you spend most of the time waiting in lobby for people to join, then you wait for the countdown, then you wait for the game to load, when you wait for it to start. you spend more time waiting in each game that the actual time the game takes to play. No joke.... I  was wondering why no one on my friends list bought this game.... now i know why. And as far as ""open-world"" goes, mine sweeper, is more open-world than this is."
76561198098139248,Not Recommended,298110,13018945,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Kingzez,Steam can you give me back my ♥♥♥♥ing monye for this♥♥♥♥♥♥that does not work pleas and take it back
76561198026898785,Not Recommended,298110,13014301,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,< blank >,"Dont touch this game until they fix the terrible mouse acceleration. i hate these console based game roughly moving to pc. The terrible control always bring terrible gaming experience, though the content is good. Like having a delicious soup with chopsticks, it will drive you crazy."
76561198015943348,Not Recommended,298110,13016346,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,peterfly380,Ubisoft serveur DOWN since this morning. Why this soft is not pure Steam ???Sorry I can't evaluate and will never bought UPLAY GAMES
,Not Recommended,298110,13013460,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Hydro,"Welp, trailer looked cool. However, the game won't launch and it seems to require some ""uPlay"" ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that I didn't sign up for. Sorry Ubisoft, you've lost a customer."
,Recommended,298110,14525205,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Craig1287,"There isn't much that FC4 brings to the table that FC3 did not. Is this bad? Not really. Going into it, that's what I expected and wanted. Vaas was one of the highlights of FC3 and the new antagonist for FC4 does come across as trying a little too hard to continue what Vaas pulled off, but the overall story of FC4 is still fairly enjoyable as are the characters you encounter.As I said, not much new is added. Ubisoft continues their formula that almost all of their open world games seem to use these days. Just as in FC3, there are animals to hunt, outposts to take back, towers to climb, etc... It's simply more of FC3 with a new setting, which is a very cool setting for sure.I will say that there are two new additions to the game that I really, really enjoyed. The new gyrocopter makes getting around a fun experience and it also provides a very cool toy to use in missions. Completing missions the way you want has always been one of the strongest aspects to the FC series. While riding the elephant and being able to attack people with it is very cool, I didn't find myself using it often as it just didn't fit my style. Flying around with a choper and launching grenades from above... now we're talking.The other new thing that I loved was the grapple hook system. FC3 had a lot of platforming with the towers, and FC4's grapple system takes that all to a whole new level. Those segments when you get to use the grapple hook are some of my most memorable and again this is a tool that gave the player more control over how they wanted to approch a mission or outpost.In the end, I enjoyed my fairly lengthy time with FC4. Ubisoft gets a lot of hate these days, and most of it is warranted, but FC4 is a fun game. It isn't the most optimised game out there, but it does offer a massive scale and great visuals. I only wished that the weapons system, specifically the attachments, were more fleshed out. Really, those two things are my only gripes with the game.4.25/5"
,Recommended,298110,34235790,Posted: 14 August,all,Mr. Ethical,"When it comes to Far Cry games, this is easily one of my favorites. I actually rate this higher than FC3. Don't get me wrong, FC3 was great, but I had more fun playing FC4. The updates are incremental but enough. More weapons, a bigger and -- in my opinion -- better landscape, more streamlined crafting, more useful skills, more endgame content, and more. One thing that sets this game back though is the lack of a compelling story, but that's okay for me. Another thing about the game is that maybe the map istoobig and it lacks transportation methods (the buzzer has an inconsistent height limit as well, though I'm glad that an alternative method to travelling on air is added). But probably the biggest problem in FC4 is performance. Don't expect to run this game on a low-end machine. Overall, though, I still prefer FC4 over FC3. Just beware of uPlay (I didn't mention uPlay while comparing this because FC3 also uses uPlay, but now it's worth mentioning)."
76561198000813885,Recommended,298110,18095039,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,ImmortaLeader,"If you want, you can first see my review of far cry 1. it's always about the first game in it's franchise for me personally.The focus of this game in it's production was set on HIGH VISUAL GRAPHICS, and bringing a massive big scale universe to life in FIRST PERSON, and it so does that, in fact it does it so right !!!But the hero of the game and the story is such an unattractive unlikely character that is not a warrior and is a loser who cant even pull up his nose when he catches a cold...!!!And that really effects the game and bring harm to itThis game has it's issues but it does sooooo manyyyyyy things right that you can forgive a few bad decisions about it.As far as the industry has developed you can get the best psychedelic missions in this game in yugie and reggie missions which r SO AMAZINGGGGGGGGGGGG !The shangri la missions are intresting, the final battle in game (taking pagan's fortress) is really easy but instead the last shangri la mission BOSS is So haaard and so fuuuuunThe YUMA boss battle is not at all good and its not related to the cinematics before and after it...A good example of a boss battle like yuma done right is the boss in DEVIL MAY CRY 3 (the woman bat boss ).I wanted to give this game 8 or maybe 8.5 but the TENSION you get in the last mission before the game ends is so gooooooooood, and it's done so right.... that :****i will give this game : 8.6*********And it's because it gives you the tension of the choice u make so good, this ideology is what drives most bethesda games like fallout and elder scrolls, in far cry this is really the only time u get this in the entire game, but they did it so much better than bethesda in my opinion.....I recomend you play the yugi regie misions and shangri la and the main story mission...And the graphics are AWESOME if u have enough vga for it .****i will give this game : 8.6*********reviewed by IMMORTALEADER"
,Recommended,298110,24363666,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Yung Ooze,Story is meh but the co op is really fun
,Recommended,298110,32672232,Posted: 23 June,all,icus,liked the game
76561198175124059,Recommended,298110,19064519,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,jrnorman1040,"Far Cry 4 is the best composite shooter/adventure game ever.  I pre-ordered Far Cry 5, but now I hear that it has no firearms, vehicles or explosives.  My least favorite part of the game is using the bow and arrows.  I was hoping for a time machine and powerful weapons and dinosaurs.  Is it too late to get my money back?"
,Not Recommended,298110,21037089,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Timesight,uplay
,Not Recommended,298110,21087078,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,SHOOT TO ILL,"FAR CRY 4 SERVERS ARE TEMPORARILY UNAVAILABLE, PLEASE TRY AGAN LATER.FAR CRY 4 SERVERS ARE TEMPORARILY UNAVAILABLE, PLEASE TRY AGAN LATER.FAR CRY 4 SERVERS ARE TEMPORARILY UNAVAILABLE, PLEASE TRY AGAN LATER.FAR CRY 4 SERVERS ARE TEMPORARILY UNAVAILABLE, PLEASE TRY AGAN LATER.FAR CRY 4 SERVERS ARE TEMPORARILY UNAVAILABLE, PLEASE TRY AGAN LATER.FAR CRY 4 SERVERS ARE TEMPORARILY UNAVAILABLE, PLEASE TRY AGAN LATER.FAR CRY 4 SERVERS ARE TEMPORARILY UNAVAILABLE, PLEASE TRY AGAN LATER.FAR CRY 4 SERVERS ARE TEMPORARILY UNAVAILABLE, PLEASE TRY AGAN LATER.FAR CRY 4 SERVERS ARE TEMPORARILY UNAVAILABLE, PLEASE TRY AGAN LATER.FAR CRY 4 SERVERS ARE TEMPORARILY UNAVAILABLE, PLEASE TRY AGAN LATER.FAR CRY 4 SERVERS ARE TEMPORARILY UNAVAILABLE, PLEASE TRY AGAN LATER.FAR CRY 4 SERVERS ARE TEMPORARILY UNAVAILABLE, PLEASE TRY AGAN LATER.FAR CRY 4 SERVERS ARE TEMPORARILY UNAVAILABLE, PLEASE TRY AGAN LATER.FAR CRY 4 SERVERS ARE TEMPORARILY UNAVAILABLE, PLEASE TRY AGAN LATER.FAR CRY 4 SERVERS ARE TEMPORARILY UNAVAILABLE, PLEASE TRY AGAN LATER.FAR CRY 4 SERVERS ARE TEMPORARILY UNAVAILABLE, PLEASE TRY AGAN LATER.FAR CRY 4 SERVERS ARE TEMPORARILY UNAVAILABLE, PLEASE TRY AGAN LATER.FAR CRY 4 SERVERS ARE TEMPORARILY UNAVAILABLE, PLEASE TRY AGAN LATER.FAR CRY 4 SERVERS ARE TEMPORARILY UNAVAILABLE, PLEASE TRY AGAN LATER.FAR CRY 4 SERVERS ARE TEMPORARILY UNAVAILABLE, PLEASE TRY AGAN LATER.FAR CRY 4 SERVERS ARE TEMPORARILY UNAVAILABLE, PLEASE TRY AGAN LATER.FAR CRY 4 SERVERS ARE TEMPORARILY UNAVAILABLE, PLEASE TRY AGAN LATER.Go ♥♥♥♥ yourselves Ubisoft and your UPlay crap.I bought this game because i loved playing it. Games i love playing i end up buying.I believe the DEVELOPERS owe that.But ubisoft makes it so that, i buy the game, still can not unlock any achievements or play online because:FAR CRY 4 SERVERS ARE TEMPORARILY UNAVAILABLE, PLEASE TRY AGAN LATER.Deleted my uplay account within 2 hours after creating it, NEVER will i BUY a UBISOFT game again. Sorry respected developers. I will not buy a game to just sit in my library and (having) to continue playing a pirated copy."
,Not Recommended,298110,21281796,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Mr.Balboa,In short - I've never seen so many cheaters as in MP of this game. It is a shame for developers. Even this is primary a Single Player game this is the reason why i DO NOT RECOMMEND this game.
76561198149913295,Recommended,298110,13441912,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,LuckyOtter,"Don't worry the hot girl's name is Amita not Anita.  The m and n might sound close but this chick is not Anita Sarkeesian in disguise.  Other than the fact that Amita's a con-artist, she uses he femininity as an excuse to blow up temples and kill golden path members and she manipulates all the male players into joining her at least once, they have no link.BUT EVEN WORSE THAN ANITA SARKEESIAN APPEARING IN THE GAME.♥♥♥♥ING UPLAY"
,Recommended,298110,12994085,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,PARA SHAMEN,i killed an elephant with an elephant. 10/10
,Recommended,298110,22984034,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Ghost ( Knightzlash ),This game is fun but  nothing can beat Far Cry 3
,Recommended,298110,32307304,Posted: 9 June,all,H3llRais3R,"bought it on a discount, but now that i finished it, would've bought it for full price.It keeps you engaged for hours."
,Recommended,298110,14243000,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,JeepXLC,"The story line in this game is kind of boring, but the game play is great. even the mighty eagle can be fun once you get a flame thrower.multiplayer coop is great too. lots of hilarity will ensue... until the random event AI breaks and stops working completely. so many people and animals just standing there doing nothing while they get stabbed in the face.still a fun game though.8/10"
,Recommended,298110,32130570,Posted: 2 June,all,Flamefloor,"Not necessarily a bad game but there's not much difference from Far Cry 3 apart from a new storyline and well, elephants. If you liked Far Cry 3 then you will probably like this as well."
76561198068382753,Recommended,298110,30278714,Posted: 2 March,all,burk1,"What can I say. From playing far cry 3, completing it and absolutely loving it from front to back I basically had no choice but buying the fourth game in the series expecting nothing less than a smaller masterpiece like the third one. I must admit that the first 5 hours of this game did not impress me that much. The story did not engage me much at all and I felt that the world seemed very cramped combined with way too much going on around me (wildlife, people in need and everything in between thrown in my face). I decided to push on and I'm glad that I did. All of a sudden it all makes sense and the world opens up and everything that I thought I'd be annoyed by got more and more intruiging and fun to deal with.The game is still an absolute stunner in many ways if you crank up the detail levels. The game physics are great most of the time and Ubisoft has done a truly great job in emulating a world that is savaged by a civil war with constant clashes with rebels fighting I guess government troops. There are ton of things to do and the world is pretty god damned big. If you've played the third game you know what to expect, radio towers to sabotage, outposts that need to be taken over and loads of loot to grab. I sometimes miss that feeling that fc3 gave me, that feeling of relaxation everynow and then where I could truly enjoy the scenery, like I almost was on vacation, less of that in fc4 since it's always somehting going on, hostages that needs rescue, a cargo truck that needs to be blown up or simply fierce wildlife that terrorizes the locals. All of this gives you precious ""karma points"" which opens up possibilities to call in reinforcements for you when you're for example trying to take over an enemy outposts.It does get a bit repetetive in the end with the identical side quests that comes with conquering an outpost and so forth but I think all in all it is a great game and a worthy sequel to fc3 and I had loads of fun with it. Time for Primal!"
,Not Recommended,298110,15444335,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,kruden,"The game have been crashing mid game all the time lately. Probably the focuson DLC bugs screw the rest of us who do not have DLC. Beware. GTX 970 ,Intel Quad Core 3.5Ghz, 16Gb ram. No issues with other games."
76561198145996227,Recommended,298110,24512888,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Lukalus,I absolutley love this game. That's all I can say.
76561198194113770,Recommended,298110,24462969,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,sgardner661,"Prime example of ""if it ain't broke, don't fix it"".FC4 keeps the core gameplay of Far Cry 3, adds some refinements, and changes the setting (Himalayans).Ubisoft has struck gold with this open-world FPS formula and I hope they continue it in future sequels (just keep changing the locales).My wish: Far Cry 5 -> Amazon"
,Recommended,298110,13012292,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Hugh Mungus,"Although it does share a lot of the Far Cry 3 mechanics, the new world makes up for that."
76561198104931299,Not Recommended,298110,15424087,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,jk1618,"This game does not work well purchased via steam, you have to download uplay to play the game, and it freezes often and there is a delay when doing actions such as moving, shooting, and any kind of action moves. This game really sucks to play."
,Not Recommended,298110,20780194,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Asiris,"I played the game extensively. Did 100% and earned all the achievements. I can tell you right away don't buy this game unless you sure what you're getting into. It's basically more of Far Cry 3... a lot more in busy work.Story is crap and not important. Didn't engaged me a bit. Main villain is a bad parody of Vaas. Basically all the time you just run around do very repetitive and very similar tasks. It's a bore. It's somewhat fun at first but gets very boring soon, because it's very, VERY similar tasks.Coop is baaaaad man... It was advertised as the main feature of the game and it's barely working. It might have been better game and experience if coop worked as promised. I never was able to connect with my friends directly. Only random connections worked from time to time. It would have been fine if not a few issues. When you connect randomly you have only two options to communicate. Voice chat and in-game wheel of coop commands. Both are crap options. There is no way to text chat in game. Ok, you would think you could bypass it, but you can't, because you can't know who you're playing with so there is no option to add person to f***ing Uplay. So coop is simply not working in general.Multiplayer is dead and uninteresting. The best part of Far Cry 3 for me was coop multiplayer. Story missions you can play with your friends. Something I enjoyed a lot. There is nothing like this here. MP in Far Cry 4 is useless.The only good thing I can say about FC4 is that graphics and locations are beautiful. The map is huge and unique. I enjoyed exploring locations in the game. Sadly it's not enough.It's also broken if you bought seasons pass and have access to Yetis DLC. Once you start playing Yetis DLC you'll get achievements synchronization error and won't be properly launch Uplay. The game will be crashing too. Developers new about this for more then 6 months and never fixed it. There are a lot of complaints about it. Ubisoft just ignored it so if you bought Season Pass you just wasted your money.You won't miss anything if you don't play the game. Honestly, play something else."
,Recommended,298110,29624708,Posted: 1 February,all,MahbubZone | society.gg,Massive openworld and eye catching view.
,Recommended,298110,29772699,Posted: 7 February,all,CaptainWexs,"The game is awesome, love the game to death. I would keep playing it, if I didn't accidently beat all the forts while their leaders were alive. (If the leaders are alive its harder.) The game is a bit buggy with some problems, but when you overlook them it's a game to buy. Enjoy the game if this review prompted you to buy it. :3"
76561198010040335,Recommended,298110,29922417,Posted: 14 February,all,YolinY,I love this game :)
76561198015824481,Not Recommended,298110,15423231,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Absynce,"the graphics are great, its just not really an engaging game, it felt like tasks like world of warcraft, go to this point, get this thing, kill this thing, go to this point. it was boring, a waste of great talent and graphics and great sound work. I liked Dying Light a lot better as a open world game and I couldent play this after, I am also semi dissapointed in GTA 5 as well."
76561197962873241,Recommended,298110,24463187,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,MightyDoom,"Far Cryyes. one man - in one corner - crying one tear - But NO seriously!!!there wasn't a singel tear! FAR CRY MY♥♥♥♥♥- no tears, no crythis guy is badass.Sweet game!The game was  more or less Far Cry 3 in different settingnew story so if you like FC3 this one is a winner.I enjoyd it alot!SHOUTOUT TO THE♥♥♥♥♥♥THAT LIKES MY REVIEWS! <3"
76561198119567781,Recommended,298110,13774147,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Onion Sucker,Pros:+Skyrim with GunsCons:-Not Call of Duty4.7/10-IGN
,Recommended,298110,34371959,Posted: 20 August,all,Leojet Niopal,"TL;DR - Not a bad game, but not a very good one either, play far cry 3 instead.Watchout, eaagles, EAGLES, aaarrgh!- Random npc 138Oh nice, a wandering merchant let me buy some ammo. The merchant flees as he sees a badger then proceed to get run over by a car. As I loot his body desperately looking for ammo I found some vintage p0rn and a used condom.Minding my own business, calmly sniping those red guys in the outpost when suddenly I get mauled to death by this angry rhino.Far cry 4 is an humouristic adventure with a boring story, charmless unconvincing characters and a very angry wildlife.I strongly recommend far cry 3, it's the same with some minor differences in vehicules and gameplay mechanics but the story is way better."
,Not Recommended,298110,34323206,Posted: 18 August,all,Jonkey,Graphics are good but gameplay is too repetitive for me.It's an openworld game where I never really felt the openess of it.The story is told in bits and pieces and because of that I never felt emerged into the world.The AI can be irritating when you get discovered the soldiers all run towards you like a hord of super fast zombies.
,Recommended,298110,28806530,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Switzerland Sam,The alternate ending is the best one! Please try it.I wish that they had implemented a whole story like that. :(9/11 would get a heartattact from an eagle again
,Recommended,298110,16743635,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Riftrune,UPlay can die in a shallow grave.The game itself is great. It's visually appealing (as if you couldn't tell from the trailers). The gameplay is just what you'd expect from the FC franchise.10/10 would delete UPlay.
,Recommended,298110,16831451,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Ryu-Kishin,"I bought it 30 euros at the summer , i thought that it was going to be awful , but it was a good game at allpros++graphics+gameplay+very good story+willis is back :)cons--Uplay-bad optimized-ubishoft specifically"
76561198030046799,Not Recommended,298110,35147618,Posted: 23 September,all,GMNZ,"This game had so much potential and started out really strong. The problems start coming in when you get to the later parts of the game. It starts out with really good weapon balance, enemies can hurt you, and you can hurt them. The early damage models are very balanced and realistic.  Later on however; things take a drastic turn... some of the heavy enemies may take 100 rounds to kill, and you die in about 3 shots.This game exponentially increases in difficulty in no logical manner, it gets much harder just for the sake of the developers tryign to make you take linger to complete the game,I recomnd it for a very short term exporation shooter, but expect to run into physics issues and massive frustartion fighting over-powered late game enemies."
76561197990765605,Not Recommended,298110,22071056,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Phil,far cry 3 still better
76561198020016290,Not Recommended,298110,35333186,Posted: 30 September,all,Ducon Lajoie,"While the gameplay is pretty much the same as FC3's, I found the game immensely less enjoyable. If you haven't played FC3, play that instead."
76561198139681172,Recommended,298110,30463511,Posted: 11 March,all,plumboby,"Love this game out all my favorite Ubisoft titles. Maybe getting old now but a goodie when on special, out of any ubisoft games runs smooth on any i3 or up runnning on a i5 8gig ram 650ti gtx runs smooth as silk apart from Uplay hangs a bit but usual. Highly reecommended to all gives a challenge always been a fan of Ubisoft apart from the hating trolls around hating or moaning about un optimised games as per usually u get bugs in all games the bugs i find are funny bugs sometimes u die or sometimes works in your favor i found rihnos are the most unpredictable to auto rage always a hand full recommend if posible tho starting out do as much hunnting as posible for weapon houlsters as ammo is precious & expensive & a must  need for the starter of the game i found stealth & charge in is the best way but for me a fav of mine of all time worth a laugh"
,Not Recommended,298110,13222709,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Pruffles,"Would not reccomend until they get their 5.1 surround issue figured out. In the recommended hardware section, it recommends the use of ""5.1 surround"" yet when anyone turns on 5.1 surround, the sound stops working after the first cut scene. Welcome to Uplay, I suppose. Oh and not sure what is going on with the keyboard controls, but when I try to use any movement keys, it moves very tiny ammount and I have to press it again. Works fine with controller. Would not reccomend this game at all. Lies about supported 5.1 surround in the store page and the port doesn't even work with some of the controls. Will be complaining to steam."
,Not Recommended,298110,13459438,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Beautiful Duwang,I like this gameIt is funBut what i don't getis why the game lags even with a high end custom pc!I only have it on high and it lagsI have BF4 on ultra and it doesn't even lag!Story is funAnimals are funVillain is funBut the lag makes it almost unplayable!
,Recommended,298110,30647612,Posted: 21 March,all,IBa4grama3,wait 13 min i beat game10/10 best ending
76561198133027538,Recommended,298110,30290816,Posted: 2 March,all,COBRUH,i knew i was in love when i seen the mini heli. epic
,Recommended,298110,12995189,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Keyframe,Amazing game. I really liked Far Cry 3 as well and this is pretty much that but in a way better setting with much more polish. Game takes 2-3 hours to get really going so keep that in mind when you start.protip:  Don't mess with Rhinos. :(
,Recommended,298110,12993388,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Schleem,"Just. Yes. So much yes.I played about 45 minutes of the game so far and OH MY GOD! THIS GAME IS EVEN BETTER THAN I EXPECTED!!Ubisoft just went ahead and ♥♥♥♥ing blew me the hell away with Far Cry 4 so far. I got to meet some interesting characters. I like the new bad guy, he looks like a blond Neymar Junior, but he has got more anger issues than Vaas!On the subject of mr bad guy and Vaas, even though I haven't seen much of him yet, he totally exceeded my expectations on how he acts, and just comes across... like a whole ♥♥♥♥in carnival of crazy! Graphics are amazing and this game looks top notch! Finally a game that'll make us forget all about Watch_Dogs!"
,Recommended,298110,19779984,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Cummie Kit {E621},Play gameDecide game is too easyDecide to play perma-deathGet trampled by RhinoGet 1 shot in back with shotgunGet burned to deathGet shot with arrow in faceGet mauled by bearGet ankles broken trying to parachuteGet killed by Asian driverGo insane8/10 would play prologue again
,Not Recommended,298110,25050537,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Stormgast,"I can't believe how after all this time this game is still so full of bugs.Coop is almost unplayable.Seriously, two and a half years and it's still this broken.You'd think that after the bugfest called Far cry 3 they had learned something, but it's clear that Ubisoft has no interest in satisfied customers as long as they get their money. Sad.As for the rest of the game, the story is boring and you feel nothing for the characters.It's basically Far cry 3 with a boring setting and some left overs that didn't make it into the previous game."
76561198037559336,Not Recommended,298110,25175539,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,adam92107,"Skip this one, even if you liked Farcry 3. It has so many glitches and gameplay issues I can't believe they released it. I can't imagine they did any testing. A few examples: Remember how hard it was to collect those predator skins in Far cry 3? Not here, you throw down bait, 1 or 2 shot everything but a bear, and repeat till you have every skin you need and unlimited money. After about an hour of playing I got a helicopter and grenade launcher for the very first hunting mission.... The rest of the game is now easy button with that combo. I flew around the whole map, landed on every tower to unlock them, and had everything but the north visible in under an hour. I then leveled up insanely fast as I just spammed grenades from the sky, racked up insane kill steaks, destroyed supply trucks, convoys, curriers and everything else with ease. Coop (2 players only) is about worthless, half the time my brother can't see the vehicle I'm driving around. I bought it at the 75% off sale and it wasn't even worth it at that price. I can't belive this game got such good revies."
,Not Recommended,298110,25071174,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,JaciS0,Get Far Cry 3 instead....
76561198016676073,Not Recommended,298110,13019779,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,OldOne,"NO I HAVE NOT PLAYED.That's the problem, I CAN NOT log in or do anything. I CAN NOT change my pass word. I CAN NOT complete the install of the game. I CAN NOT play off line because I HAVE NOT BEEN ON LINE.The error I discovered in     c:\Program Files (x86)\Ubisoft\Ubisoft Game Launcher\logs\Version: 3856.[ 3220]  2014-11-19 21:10:14      [  832]      INFO       HubUtils.cpp (187)                               Built: Nov 19 2014.[ 3220]  2014-11-19 21:10:14      [  832]      INFO       HubUtils.cpp (199)                               Command line: ""-upc_uplay_id"" ""856"" ""-uplay_steam_mode"" """"[ 3220]  2014-11-19 21:10:14      [  832]      INFO       Hub.cpp (298)                                    Environment is PROD.[ 3220]  2014-11-19 21:10:15      [  832]      INFO       UplayApplication.cpp (77)                        OS info: Microsoft Windows 8, 64-bit  (build 9200)[ 3220]  2014-11-19 21:10:15      [ 5848]      INFO       GameStartPipe.cpp (85)                           Accepted connection.[ 3220]  2014-11-19 21:10:15      [ 5848]      INFO       GameStartPipe.cpp (86)                           Starting game session.[ 3220]  2014-11-19 21:10:15      [  200]      INFO       ProxyDetect.cpp (116)                            Proxy is set to automatic, but no proxy detected.[ 3220]  2014-11-19 21:10:16      [  200]      ERROR      JobHttp.cpp (65)                                 Http status code is 401 for urlhttps://api-ubiservices.ubi.com/v2/profiles/sessions.[ 3220]  2014-11-19 21:10:54      [  200]      ERROR      JobHttp.cpp (65)                                 Http status code is 401 for urlhttps://api-ubiservices.ubi.com/v2/profiles/sessions.[ 3220]  2014-11-19 21:11:11      [  200]      ERROR      JobHttp.cpp (65)                                 Http status code is 401 for urlhttps://api-ubiservices.ubi.com/v2/profiles/sessions."
76561197968898338,Recommended,298110,13078981,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Caloupae,everything i wanted it to be
76561198048626712,Not Recommended,298110,13005427,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Janne =C,10/10 cant even start the game
,Not Recommended,298110,13019178,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Safety-Broken,"another poor port from Ubisoft. stuttering, mouse problems, poor optimization, mediocre plot, boring gameplay and quests'. this game is a copy-past FC3. don't buy it!"
76561197960528281,Recommended,298110,13988611,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,viss,Good game basically FC3 all over again with variously more story options
,Not Recommended,298110,25103154,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Ash,"I bought this game with money.The gameplay was good for my first two session. The third time I tried however, when I got to the screen that said ""Press any key to continue"" I pressed a key and it went black. I had to restart my computer just to use it again. After verifying my game cache, disabling overclocking, updating my drivers, and anything I could try the game STILL does not work.You can look up ""far cry 4 press any key"" and you will see countless pages of people who wasted money on a game they can't play or even return (if gameplay exceeds two hours).If support gets back to me and fixes this, I will change my review accordingly."
,Not Recommended,298110,25277897,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Coolioice,"Glad I got this for 20 bucks, because its not worth more than that. Heck, I struggle to even justify paying that much. This game is Far Cry 3, but worse, in every regard. It's also filled with way more bugs than the previous game. I'm not exaggerating when I say this game is Far Cry 3, there's hardly anything new aside from a few vehicles and weapons, everything else is basically recycled."
,Recommended,298110,13531103,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Stannis Baratheon,This game is everything Far Cry 3 should have been. If you enjoyed Far Cry 3 as much as me you will like this game very much. I'm on my way to 100% completion and it has yet to become dull. So I suggest you come to the wonderful world of Kyrat where you can always hear gunfire and human screams almost anywhere you go.
76561197967814915,Recommended,298110,13555399,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Stuka White,"Yeah...its a recommendable game.   Its a repackaged version of Far Cry 3 though.Another eccentric evil doer character,  and your ""The Chosen one"".    A main quest that can kinda get ate up quickly thats filled with alot of fluffer ""Collectable finds"" that the game generally forces you to buy a map of the locations, cause your monkey hide wallet isnt big enough for all those used condom sales you been making.Its significantly better than FC3, but if you played FC3 your going to painfully recognize this fact."
,Recommended,298110,13738616,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Arizona.Kavii,Started the game and went to take a dump during the opening cutscene. came back around 20 min later and I had finished the game. can anybody tell me why?
,Recommended,298110,13893827,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,GasMask,"Oh, you mean ""Far Cry 3 - Nepal Texture Pack DLC""?"
76561198105205197,Not Recommended,298110,13605277,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Captain Facepalm,"This will be the last time I buy an Ubisoft product. I have three problems with this game.The first problem:I've been playing only six hours and have already had one crash, and a half dozen glitches that are on the verge of game breaking. I've been stuck in the canyon walls three times now, and another two times I was frozen in place after killing a honey badger.The second problem:""Out of Bounds"" I don't think you're grasping the concept of an open world game. The idea is that you can explore and play the game the way you want to play it.The third problem:Could this game be any more politically correct? Every squad leader in the game is a woman (despite having nothing useful or interesting to say), and within the first thirty minutes one of the characters gives the cliched ""objectification of women"" lecture. (I get enough of this crap at school, and at work. I don't need it from my video games.) Seriously Ubisoft, I understand you want to be seen as ""progressive"" but the politically correct undertones are a huge turn off.I play video games because they keep my mind sharp, entertain me, and let me be an active participant in the action.If I wanted a lecture I would have gone to the campus.Once again; I'm not buying another ubisoft product."
76561198077318607,Recommended,298110,13592875,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,cosmic-charlie,"This is probably one of the best games of 2014, and that's saying something, because 2014 has been a good year in video games."
,Recommended,298110,13624205,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,JawsBite,"I wasn't really sure if I would like FarCry 4. But after playing it, I like it. The story is okay but not the best and the graphics are good. What I like to do is just raid bases, do stealth kills, and just ♥♥♥♥ up everything in the world. I play it on a laptop and on low settings so it's fine for me. In other news, the Uplay account I think it♥♥♥♥♥♥ why can't we just use our ♥♥♥♥ing Steam account? I also bought the Gold Edition which WAS on sale yesturday for $66. At first I had medium expectations for it but they went up. Not a lot but a fair bit. Overally I am happy with the game and will continue to play it for a long time. I looked at some reviews and I saw some people saying that FarCry 4 is just a copy and paste game of FarCry 3, but with a diffrent story. So if you want a better story the get FarCry 3. If you have played FarCry 3 then you might be disappointed with FarCry 4. But if your a new player to the FarCry Series then you should get it.EDIT: By the way, this was the only game in 2014 that Ubisoft ACTUALLY FINISHED."
76561197960890739,Recommended,298110,13624842,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,squeeb,"Well, I have to say from a graphics standpoint, this game is second to none.  Just fantastic scenery.  Realistic water, great textures.  Sound is very well done.  The musical score by Cliff Martinez is top notch - you may recognize his style from various movie soundtracks such as Traffic, Narc, and Drive.  Great wide open map, the world of Kyrat truly feels massive.  Not only massive, but alive - the wildlife is really something.That said, being forced to install/use UPlay to run this (and other Ubi titles) is lame.  And as a result, no Steam achievments.  On top of that, the game has some serious technical issues; most notably mouse smoothing which you cant fully disable in game (you'll need to mess around with the config file) and also micro stutter issues which I was able to remedy after hours of research by disabling a mipmap option (also in the config).Still, I can recommend the game because after putting in a good 40 hours I've found the journey very enjoyable."
,Recommended,298110,13782675,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,SizZLeR,"A 60 Euro game that's worth its price tag and doesn't disappoint apart from falsely advertising 16 different display languages, where Danish is listed as one of them, but not possible to activate anywhere.Generally its like FC3, just better with more features, plenty of mini sidequests and rich missions.Outposts can be conquered over and over again, so you can try different approaches and compete online by increasing your ""takeover""-score and make it on to the online leaderboards.As a sniper/stealth fan myself, I really dig this feature. :-)There's a ton of locations to explore and plenty of enemies to deal with when travelling between locations.Graphics looks really great and the performance seems very steady, I don't really experience ups and downs in my fps which varies about +/- 3 fps.I run the game off an AMD Quad 3.4Ghz, 16GB DDRIII, a GTX970 gfx board in 3 screen Eyefinity (5760*1080) setup and with almost every gfx settings on ultra (max) and that gets me a steady 35 fps (which in gaming-geek terms isn't enough, but is adequate to the avg Joe).Running the game with every setting on max, like 8x AA etc. I reduce the fps to 1-3, BUT the gfx aren't that more impressive on those settings, but being able to run the game with some sort of AA is important imo, Ive tried running with no AA and that truly made the game look really horrible and with tons of flickering edges everywhere.So bottom line on the performance imo, is that the game is well optimized, considering that itll run smooth and look really good on a mid-range gfx card like the GTX970.There has been reported some crashes due to a memory leak which has been addressed, but the game still chews thru ur mem steadily while its running, even if u r not playing.On my computer it ran for 4 full days and nights before Windows minimized it and popped the msg about low memory ressources and suggested that I shut down FC4.So if u liked FC3, I will say that u will VERY likely be (even more) pleased with FC4. :-)"
,Not Recommended,298110,13373772,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,caboose,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!!!!. IT DOES NOT WORK! YOU WILL PAY $70.00 FOR A LOOPING FIRST LEVEL AND A BROKEN GAME! DO NOT BUY THIS GAME IT IS A PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥
76561198114282157,Recommended,298110,13486203,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,[RAT]Sgt_FIREHAWK,VERY GOOD GAME BUT LIKED THE CHARACTERS IN 3 BETTER. LIKE THE HELI VERY NICE ADDITION!!!!
,Recommended,298110,13595575,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Nutteus csgolive.com,"Loved Far Cry 3? Love FPS and Openworld games? WELL THIS GAME IS THE ULTIMATE CHOICE FOR YOU. BUY.IT.NOW,100/10"
,Recommended,298110,13635618,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Ande,"Awesome, Awesome, Awesome!"
76561197965532102,Recommended,298110,13777644,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Barnesy,"If you like Farcry 3, you'll love Farcry 4.i recently completed my second play through of FC 3 when 4 was announced. few months later i had it.Yes i may have had to upgrade my pc to run it, but it was a long time coming for that + it was very worth it to have it run on ultra.The gameplay stays very similar to FC3 throughout, but there is small additions here and there that really smooth it out, as well as adding to the game.Without spoiling, just to give some examples. Auto crafting healing syringes. Better map layout/design. Better AI for animals/NPCs. Just all round better.Coming straight from FC 3 to FC4 i was not dissapointed, and cetainly not bored. But that might just be that i am a big fan of the sandbox fps's.there are some texture issues/ small bugs that Ubisoft have been trying to fix since the games release, but honestly they are small issues that barely effect the game as a whole. (and this is coming from someone that hates 3rd party software, Uplay, GFWL, Origin etc)The only thing i think was not up to scratch compared to FC3 was the story. FC3 had (in my opinion)a very gripping story line that reminded me alot of the novel Heart of Darkness, the personality of your character changes dramitcally from the start of the game to the end, immersing you into the jungle as a frightened teenager, to come out the otherside as a full blown jungle warrior.FC4 storyline is not bad by all means, but i just felt it lacked that immersive feel.Overall i would rate it an 8.5 out of 10 with FC 3 being a solid 8.Dont get me wrong 0.5 doesnt sound like a big increase, but when you're basically talking about the same game with different features and made better, at least its going in the right direction unlike most sequels.iv always been a big fan of the FC franchise (excluding 2, that was very hit and miss) and would highly recommend  Far Cry 4"
,Recommended,298110,13915146,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Tyler P.,"This game is a great way to realx after a long day, I find that with the sheer amount of things to do and just general craziness of it, you can just have some really badass fun times."
,Recommended,298110,13556657,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Moirrey,"booted co-op with a friend and flew into a fortress on accident with a mini-copter, ran around screaming for 20 mins cause mortor fire errywhere. finish fortress like bosses just to get attacked by a rhino 5 seconds later.10/10 eagle simulator"
,Recommended,298110,13699081,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,RobertasACDC,"I think this game is very detailed, fun, and packed with content. Shangri-La is a fun addition and making custom multi-player maps keeps the online fresh and entertaining. Open-world co-op is amazing and the game doesn't often get stale. When you capture the radio towers, you get free weapons as a bonus. This map is much larger than Far Cry 3 and much more interesting. The oxygen tanks on the mountains add to the realism."
76561198044703081,Recommended,298110,34236237,Posted: 14 August,all,Drewmando,Certianly a fun game with some good improvements from its predecesor.
,Not Recommended,298110,13003956,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Captain Luu,"I have not been able to get pass the black screen, and its crashed my PC everytime I've launched it.........."
,Recommended,298110,12988022,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Bluemoon,"If you are into DRM, then this is THE game for you! You will get two totally different DRM for the price of one, so it's a real bargain.Ubisoft heard how much gamers love uplay and included it again!  Ubisoft is love! Ubisoft is life!"
,Not Recommended,298110,35170708,Posted: 23 September,all,IcecoldNZ,"Cant really recommened it as farcry 3 was so much better, far Cry 4 really gets boring. Real Quick"
,Not Recommended,298110,35268156,Posted: 28 September,all,Artyom Havok,I am a fan of this series but this is just not a fun game to play. Its an empty shadow of the previous games with hollow additions and visual downgrades from 2 and 3. I am really struggling to finish this title if only because i payed money for it. I've always read praises for its co-op content... but it's really simple missions over and over again. the entire campaign if sp only and those are the only missions that any real meat but the story is sooooo tropishly bad...
76561198059791889,Not Recommended,298110,35134205,Posted: 22 September,all,Lordjoro,"Everything that looks heavy handels way to  light and everything that looks light feels heavyThe setting looks cool but is really impractical when it comes to gameplay.Everything feels clunky and harder than it should be.The drive and shoot mechanic was kinda cool tho, i'll give them thatI had high hopes after playing Far Cry 3 and Far Cry 4 didn't satisfy it."
76561198046193516,Recommended,298110,15268067,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Shashlik,Playing this game is like having youtube ads buffering in 240p
76561198107099871,Recommended,298110,34629792,Posted: 31 August,all,Airman First Class Dumpkins,Did you like Far Cry 3? If so get Far cry 4.
76561197968335774,Recommended,298110,34426736,Posted: 22 August,all,Jonboy,"The best iteration of the Far Cry series.Excellent setting , good story and beautiful graphics, as long as  you have the horsepower."
,Recommended,298110,35393970,Posted: 1 October,all,Astore,"I've heard out of many sources, that Far Cry 3 is said to be the best Far Cry. After Playing both, Far Cry 3 and 4, I cannot really make a distinction. Both of these games are great. Period.Of course, it all is the ""Ubisoft recipie"" for an open world game. I kinda missed a really deep story, mostly I was running around freeing outposts and disabling radio towers, which at some point lost its charm. Additionally I never needed to side with a coop partner. I conquered every fortress before killing the person in charge with ease. All in all this game is not hard but the battles are atomspheric and the characters have a great deal of charisma.Finished in 22 hours (according to steam) with finishing alle ""Campaign missions"" and freeing all outposts, radio towers and fortresses, but without all the ""side activity"" stuff."
,Recommended,298110,23462949,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Mr. Matt,"If you haven't played Far Cry 3, this is a sandbox game where you murder animals craft sexy new wallets and ammo pouches from the animal skins you tore from the murdered animal carcasses. Oh, and there are bad people who shoot at you or something, and some kind of plot. Oh, and skill upgrades for an RPG aspect. Yeah, so the animal-murdering and wallet-crafting is quite literally the most fun thing about the game, and that's not a dig on the game. You might think ""Wow, you're a terrible person!"" That just means you haven't played these games yet, because if you had, you'd know that crafting animal skins into wallets and ammo pouches is amazing. The Far Cry games don't have an overarching plot or main protagonist, so you may as well start with this game unless you are just super bored, in which case you could play Far Cry 3 first.If you -have- played Far Cry 3, this is basically the same game in a new setting, with improved user interface and graphics. There are a couple of new features such as swinging and climbing from climbing gear ropes, and riding on elephants. Vaas was a great Joker-style villain in Far Cry 3, though he wasn't used long enough and the last time you see him, it's really confusing, anyway. In Far Cry 4, Pagan Min is your baddie, and he's a classy, smug, eccentric fellow. You can choose to join one of two sides of a faction opposing him, though I was a bit disappointed that I couldn't actually just join his side and crush the rebel scum. I really, really liked the cut of his jib!There's not much else to say. If you like character upgrades, stealth kills, driving in vehicles, exotic locations, collectibles that give you experience points and are marked on the maps you can buy with the money you earn in game, then you'll probably enjoy this game. Huh, I kinda just described an Arkham game, to an extent. Anyway, good stuff! The actual story is just okay. The gameplay is where it's at. Seriously, though, if you haven't played FC3 or 4, you don't realize the excellence of killing the wild animals and making them into wallets. You have to try it."
76561198205873993,Recommended,298110,35200172,Posted: 25 September,all,LordHype,For being thirty dollars(As of 9/25/17) this is easily one of the most valuable games in my entire library definitely top 3!!!<3 Amazing game!!!
,Recommended,298110,13043463,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,nauxie,"I really like this game.  I don't know what other people are talking about when this game has 'bugs'. I have a gtx 760, i5 4670k, and 8gb ram and I can run this on high perfectly with a few fps drops now and then. This game maybe a bit similar to far cry 3, but I like the worth in this game much better.  The game rarely crashes. If you want a survival/fps, this is the game for you."
76561198026838671,Recommended,298110,20271735,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Nectar [SWE],"It is like the greastest FPS I played, hunting wild animals. Flying around with your helicopter with you greanade launcher. Sneeknig up to radom enemys with a big♥♥♥♥♥sniper a blowing them to kindom comes. big thumps up. love it^^"
76561198150670212,Not Recommended,298110,13045451,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,123,"Compared to Far Cry 3, the intro and story feel rushed. In Far Cry 3 you go through a pretty cool scene to be thrown into a bamboo cage and everything is screwed. In this you're just screwed from the get go. In Far Cry 3 you have a sense of feeling for your character. You know who he is, and what you're trying to accomplish. Save your friends. In Far Cry 4. You literally just came here cause your Mother wanted you too and well♥♥♥♥♥♥you're all up in a civil war and for NO REASON decide to participate.Like seriously. You have no reason what so ever to help out the Golden Sun. You just get stuck doing it.  When it comes to a story.. I'd NOT RECOMMEND THIS GAME.As for the controls. They're a little sketchy. I do not recommend using a game pad because there's virtually no aim assist. You will miss constantly. Mouse for the win.As for the SEASON PASS. I Paid 90 bucks for nothing. Literally I have nothing extra that other's do not for the 60 dollar version. I don't know if this is a bug or something but I see no extra missions or benefits for season pass... Don't even bother.PvP Multiplayer. More like. Sit in the bell tower and let the enemy team win. Also, why is there no voice chat? There is no communication possible in your team. You have an option for a Friends tab but you can't add anyone through matches or invite them that way. At least, no way I have figured out.Not like i'd want to invite people who literally spend all their time in 1 point on the map and don't even try to win anyway.PvP is Golden Path vs Rakasha. And is not ever straight up PvP. It's objectives and you take turn as Golden Path in 1 round, and Rakasha in the next. Basically it's stupid because they are very biased. RPGs vs bow and arrows... RPGs win."
76561198017816904,Recommended,298110,26721302,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Billybob,It was fun
,Not Recommended,298110,12995978,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Banagher Links,connecting to uplay. uplay is looking for updates
,Not Recommended,298110,13024242,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Pita Bread,"For all those who wish to buy this game, Ubisoft has made themselves a fool in creating something with so many bugs and then releasing it without even making sure it can even start up.So there are a number of things that could happen at start up and here are just a few of themIt tells you that it cannot connect to the Farcry server and then freezes up making it so you cannot playIt black screens making it so you cannot playGoing into offline mode still makes it say cannot connect to farcry server and then freezes up.So there are just a few reasons why this game is going to give you a hard time, I've done everything Ubisoft has told me to do and none of it has worked, then they go blaming my computer which is a brand new Alienware. So my stars on this game are 0, why? Because you cannot play it in the first place, waste of 60.00"
76561198021561229,Not Recommended,298110,12991402,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Izznotgood,Just payed 80 € for a black screen - just great to by a game that just dosen't work I have been checking some forums and there is many users with the same problem - basicly you have to remove most or all your bluetooth devices for the game to work (did not work for me) even a re-install did not work.Mabye they should have beta tested it prior to release?Do your self a favor and do not by this game until thees bugs are fixed - where is the fun in playing a game when you have to remove most of your equipment to play the game? - if the d... thing was running that is.
,Not Recommended,298110,23903951,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,WinnieDaAuchwitz☭,"Farcry 4 adds some content from farcry 3 and it feels the same sometimes. It get repetitive after awhile just taking outpost after outpost. And if the main draw for you is co-op, dont get high hoped because campaign co-op dosent exist, just openworld sidequest co-op"
76561198034291945,Not Recommended,298110,13018854,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Jeff,nope nope farcry 3.1 for 60 dollars
76561198021307295,Not Recommended,298110,13841024,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,"Et tu, Stoner?",Ubisoft released far cry 3 a couple years ago idk why its on steam again
,Not Recommended,298110,13162435,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,spraT-,I can't play more than five minutes without it crashing. I had to go through the first cut scene 5 times just to get to a point so i could save. I've got a GTX 780ti and an i7 and even once I turned the settings way the ♥♥♥♥ down still crashes :(
76561198119077838,Not Recommended,298110,13024512,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,satori425,"""Far Cry 4 has stopped working"" -- before it even works! Plays fine on my MSI laptop, but will not play at all on my other top-notch PC. Argh! Ubisoft...get it right, SOON!"
,Not Recommended,298110,13160308,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,sponge bob,"Activation code is incorect. (after a few days of sacesfull game activation)Udont play.Ubisoft, are you F#ckong kidding me ?I have buy a Gold edition of this sh#t, and now i cant even launch it !"
,Recommended,298110,13075528,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,TDAWGG,I rammed a car full of people off a cliff while riding an elephant.. 10/10
76561198031700804,Not Recommended,298110,13033593,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,motchmitley,pre ordered the game and it won't start up just another thing that ubisoft failed at
,Recommended,298110,12991724,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,the boys light up,"""Only a 73/10 for us, didn't have enough kids screaming into their mic about their amazing trickshots.Also there was no logo saying Cod of duty advanced cool ranch doritos.Final rating 105/10.""-IGN ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
,Not Recommended,298110,13150918,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Vq.| Vin Diesel420,i get a balck screen and it stays frozen cant play the game very disappointed
,Recommended,298110,13007448,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,bathmanbeyonder,"11/19/2014 9am+ As I was playing ~*Stopped and saw a native NPC down on the front of his truck, he had hit a boar.*Decided to fool around with the NPC and used blowtorch to see if he would get hurt.*Later on he did and went running away scared.*Followed him and used my blowtorch on him and fixed his truck and my buggy.*Tried the blowtorch on a nearby tree and it caught fire and set the area ablaze.*Watched as the fire spread near the NPC as he was taking cover near the bush.10/10 Great experience of fooling around XD"
76561198119046696,Not Recommended,298110,13024159,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,TeeHud,"First of all, I love Far Cry 3. It is one of my favorite games. I bought Far Cry 4 because I was so excited that another Far Cry was coming out and could not wait. Then I got it, and I haven't even been able to play it because my PC can't handle it. I understand that Ubisoft partnered with Nvidia on this one, but by a lot of things that I have read, those are really the only graphic cards that can handle the game. And I think that is unfair to the community that is so loyal and such a big fan of the series, like myself. Now, I don't have anything fancy when it comes to my PC. I don't have a PC particularly made for PC because I can't afford it at this point in my life, but I would galdy spend money on the next game in the series because in the past I have played the previous game soo much. I don't have money for a next gen console so I can't go that route, and the only other route I could go is getting it for the Xbox 360, but I got both Far Cry 3 on the xbox 360 and PC and my PC handled it perfectly and the graphics were better on my PC. And I also thought that if developers make a game for the Xbox 360, then my PC should be able to handle it, even on all the lowest possible settings. But it can't. Even with all the graphics on low and my wonder being a 800 x 600 screen, it still is unplayable. Even with Far Cry 2 graphics for 4, it is unplayable. If you don't have a gaming PC, but your PC can handle most games, don't get this game at this point in time because you won't be able to play it. I have waited for this game for as long as I can remember, and I pre order it and pre download it and get the Gold Edition and then when I try to play it, my PC can barely run it. Thanks for getting my hopes up Ubisoft. Please fix this. I understand that you ported this game to PC, but think of the players on PC that don't have the best graphic cards. Cut them some slack and help them be able to play it because they put money aside, even though all of it should be going to college, to get your game."
76561198070847613,Not Recommended,298110,12994094,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,.reyy,"i have just bought the game and played maybe like 10 mins of it. the game has many bugs, unstable fps, the mouse sensitivity is ♥♥♥♥ed up and the grass and trees are sometimes flickering like crazy. this is another bad programmed game from ubisoft and its not even worth like 10 bucks. this was a totally bad choice to buy imo and i regret it ! :/"
76561198091935920,Not Recommended,298110,12996317,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Domino,"Id rather nail my balls to a buss before playing another one of these ""artworks"" from Ubisoft."
,Not Recommended,298110,26018585,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Noir,"Although Far Cry is an amazing game, dont waste your money on this one. There are some well known bugs where you cant save the game. I'm stuck at 31% and no matter what i do, the game will not save. Google it."
,Not Recommended,298110,13012021,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Knorst,"I can't even start this game.  It crashes to a black screen on first boot.  I have 227 other steam games and none of them have problems on my machine.   Nice testing, Ubisoft."
,Not Recommended,298110,13855394,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Asynd,"♥♥♥♥. THIS. PEICE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥where do i start? lets start with the bugs-have to open the steam overlay to activate loading screens (otherwise it'll just sit there)-loading screens take for ♥♥♥♥ing ever to load-textures sometimes dont render-the beginning mission where you run to 'the truck'. no ♥♥♥♥ing truck, restart. oh there it is!-driver doesnt drive the the truck. gets killed by flying enimies. game crashes-driver finally starts driving tells me to grab the gun. nothing happens. game crashes-truck explodes for no reason. game crashes. then i go to write this reveiw.also, ive only gotten like 5 mins of ""gameplay"". the rest was loading screens0/10 crashing, loading screens, open steam overlay simulateri wasted 90 damn dollers for this♥♥♥♥♥♥f*ckin ubisoft says  ""we hate 'pc gamers' because they're all pirates"" f*ck you ubisoft, f*ck you"
,Not Recommended,298110,13821511,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,lavatrout,"IF YOU ARE ABOUT TO BUY THISPLEASE READ!!This game has experienced several game breaking bugs. The most popular one being a black screen at start-up. There is at the moment no patch even though 1.4 was supposed to fix the problem. Besides that problem there is also framerate stuttering on high perfomance rigs, crashes upon death of character, horrible mouse sensitivity and poorly configurable mouse acceleration, little to no controller support (including razer mice and keyboards: those create the black screen crash at start-up), just straight up will not run on dual core processors, etc.Apart from this, you have to download the game from steam, but then launch it from UPlay (Ubisoft's version of Steam. Yes you have to make an account). That is horribly annoying and resource heavy.Some good news:There are some work arounds posted by other users. Find them by google searching. Do not, however, expect them to work for your PC. I have been working tirelessly for two days trying to get it to run on my rig, but to no avail.Don't take my word for it. Here are some resources:read the commentslook at some of the work aroundspcgamer even recognizes that the patch solved nothing. also read the commentsthe daul core problemApart from this, the game runs on my friend's rig, and it looks beautiful save for some of the strange clipping glitches, frame-rate drops, and mouse sensitivity/acceleration.If you are looking to buy this game still, wait until its cheaper so you don't drop 60 bucks for a piece of garbage software that just sits in your library."
76561198008104594,Not Recommended,298110,13030172,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,twitch.tv/Lagboot,Not recommending you purchase this game. Still have a black screen day 3 no patches and they are saying that they do not give refunds.
76561197972906113,Not Recommended,298110,20978341,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,S.M.L Pro AlexS-07!,well u play sucks . game will not start after I purchased. waste of time and money. requested refund. I will not buy anything u play ever again. there software drags down your computer. generates errors and pop ups. All around crap.
,Recommended,298110,13050583,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,jacksian3000,Honey Badger don't carehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4r7wHMg5Yjg
76561197982949497,Not Recommended,298110,12998965,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Untranslate,Game does not run at this time for myself and many other PC users.
,Recommended,298110,13005595,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,RuschGaming,"Positive:-Great Graphics-Awesome Story-Multiplayer Co-op & PVP-Open WorldNegatives:-Uplay Servers ( but hey its launch lol )To be honest i cant be negative with this game, its been above my expectations and i am loving it so far and would recommend it to everyone. I also stream this game with pleasure if you want to ask anything or like check the game out!(twitch.tv/ruschgaming)"
76561197994125600,Not Recommended,298110,30288808,Posted: 2 March,all,Skev,One of the least pleasant gaming experiences of my life.  Everyone working for Ubisoft should be forced to sit through a 15 minute unskippable cutscene every time they want to go to the toilet.
,Recommended,298110,12991993,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,archangel,"Holy Sh*t.  its like far cry 3 except everything that didnt work works now and more stuff was added.  ive only played for an hour but the atmosphere is amazing.  im a major atmosphere guy and these guys really got it to work.  new weapons which is really cool and a possiblity to make a golden revolver and a golden sniper.  ""its a vintage set""   so far so good 10/10 if you havent bought it buy it becuase these people possibly made one of the best games ever"
,Recommended,298110,13107193,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,ajchili,It's like skyrim with guns
,Recommended,298110,13049208,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Emperor Solaris,farcry 3 but with more stuff an an amazing map! also ridable elephant!!!very stable only had 1 bug that i had to restart the game and thats it
76561198137272606,Recommended,298110,13020568,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Daniel,when is the patch to fix the black screen being released?
,Recommended,298110,12994380,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,CMDR.Vigilance,"Going into the game, I was extremely hesitant; especially pre-ordering. (If I do that, I generally wait until the last minute because then other people can tell me if it's worth it before I place my order.)I took the risk, as some had mentioned it wasn't a broken mess on PC.Well worth it.  I haveEVERY. SINGLE. OPTION.maxed out, and I'm still getting 60 fps...on 3 screens.also,AMAZING SUPPORT FOR EYEFINITY ""out of the box"".That said, I did download AMD Catalyst 14.11.2 beta drivers (they net a 50% performance increase in Far Cry 4).Currently, i'm running the game with;AMD Phenom II X6 1090T OC'd to 4.0ghz.16 Gb RAMTwo R9 280x at 6 Gb VRAM (combined)240Gb SSD (RAID 0) + 1 TB HDDDisplay:5760x1080p (3k) resolutionMaybe it's because of the patch that i'm seeing such amazing gains, and after the beta driver update, but still, 60 fps at @ 3k res. I even booted up Far Cry 3 a month ago, and I was still getting stutter and 30 fps in most places with everything maxed. (so strange, since they're the same engine)Haven't played much of the game yet, but, so far, the mechanics, naturally similar to Far Cry 3's, are great. Feel...dare I say it, ""refined""?Audio is good as well.The downside;Can't even start the campaign in Online mode. Keeps cutting out.Though, to be expected from Ubisoft. The day they have good servers on launch, is the day my name is Dan Bilzerian.Otherwise, don't listen to those ""H8ters"" that have improperly maintained rigs; ie, haven't downloaded latest patches, or drivers, on the verge of overheating because theirs is clogged full of dust, and they can't remember the last time they tuned their machines up.If your rig is properly maintained, including OS, you should have little to no problems with the game. Mouse works JUST fine btw, and the options to tweak graphics settings....mmmmm <3.Am I saying that i'm a Ubisoft fanboy and will sell my first born to them? Not a chance in hell. But thus far, and only with this game...color me IMPRESSED.To any Ubisoft devs that read this know that there are those that understand, and appreciate the extremely long hours you put into making this, the deadlines. You still managed to make a great product. Despite your management being c*cksuckers. If I could give you my money directly, I would.  Bravo."
76561197972044764,Recommended,298110,12994174,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,KyleAssassin,"You can ride an elephant, 10\10.Seriously, the scenery and animals may only be a small part of this game, but you can see care was taken when making these models.The gameplay is smooth and flows nicely. Extra vehicle’s and a gyrocopter,  love that this has been added. The grappling hook is also a good idea. I also like the idea that you can now push shift key to automatically get driven to the marker you have put on the map, good time to have a smoke!It's got a lot of Far Cry 3 in it, but there is a difference, you can coop the complete campaign after Act 1."
,Recommended,298110,12992643,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,NightrunLP,"It's Far Cry 3 all over again - and that is not a bad thing at all!This could sum up Ubisoft's latest entry in the franchise perfectly, but I'd like to add a few things to make my point.First of all, Far Cry 4 is far (no pun intended) from being perfect. Characters and story are clishé, the antagonist Pagan Min is really cool - and, sadly enough, makes an appearance in the beginning and in the end. Between that are boring stereotypes. The campagin is short as well, your choices don't affect the course of the game as much as in Far Cry 3.BUT: that were the negative points!Now for the positive aspects of the game. First, the world is HUGE and vivid. There's lots of exploration to do, the wildlife is fantastic, the gunplay extremely well done. You have SO MUCH to do! It's not as sneaky as Far Cry 3 used to be, guns blazing is a better option this time. The soundtrack is nice, and the graphics are the best I've seen so far. Seriously, they are AMAZING!"
76561198019541920,Recommended,298110,13010739,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,panicwulf,"If you are expecting something entirely different from Far Cry 3 (which a lot of these reviewers seem to be) then you will be sadly disappointed. It's honestly a lot like FC3. The mechanics are the same, animations of skinning and picking leaves are the same, and the whole idea of liberating camps is the same. And you know what? It's still an effing BLAST! I am so overwhelmed with things to do and goals to meet.My husband and I have been playing co-op all day and I have to say, I have never played such a fun and rewarding co-op game. We have been hunting and upgrading our gear, liberating posts, opening up the map together. It's all been great. Minor glitches such as he cannot see vehicles on the road and sometimes he dies from one bite of a honey badger (that HAS to be a glitch, right?).Point blank -- it's a Far Cry game. They decided to stick with the same mechanics of the last Far Cry game probably because of its success. If you're looking for something brand new and groundbreaking don't bother. If you want do play Far Cry again with some new stuff (entirely new story and map, new characters, new adventures, new animals, co-op) then please give it a shot. You won't be disappointed. I have played Far Cry 1-4 now and loved them all."
,Not Recommended,298110,25027701,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,MisterBlister,"Suffers the same issues that Farcry 3 had, where the gameplay - while very enjoyable and exciting - is constantly undermined by a story that mostly frustrates or left me rolling my eyes.  Not as terrible a story as Farcry 3 happily, but with the downside that it's also far less memorable.  The conflict between the two resistance leaders makes them both utterly unlikeable and annoying which also robs any sense of empathy with developments as the story continues.The actual gameplay, fighting (apart from the melee/bow & arrow stuff) and exploration is all very good though and if you just ignore the story and play the game you'll probably have a good time.  All in all though I preferred Farcry 3, it may have had an astonishingly awful story but at least it was memorable."
,Recommended,298110,12993620,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Icefyre,"Amazing game, I love it SUPER Recommended !"
,Recommended,298110,14393021,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Chris P Bacon,Honey badger dont give a♥♥♥♥♥♥11/10 -IGN
,Recommended,298110,12991145,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,MrLongDonger,Its far cry 3 but with mountains.
,Recommended,298110,13167986,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,holy moly,Killed someone with a throwing knife through the wall.10/10
,Not Recommended,298110,13012783,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Dangerous_Altoid,What the hell is up with the mouse and the choppy lag? This is just unplayable. I even got the latest NVIDIA card on a new Alienware and this game is choppy.
,Recommended,298110,12994876,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Countyzz. III,skinning animals in order to throw a piece of meat to kill another animal and skin it again.10/10.
76561198093862325,Recommended,298110,13775064,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,HeiZen,"Went to get my home back, got drugged. Come back to kill the people who drugged me, got drugged. Got stuck in a prison in the Himilayas and talked to Pagan Min, got drugged. Went to assassinate  Yuma, got drugged. Drug simulator 2014, dont do drugs kids. 10/10"
,Recommended,298110,24817317,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Bulvine,long gameplay way better than Far Cry3
,Recommended,298110,13063370,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,HollandCommando,"This game is amazing. It's hard to say why it's amazing without spoiling it, get it."
76561198066910830,Recommended,298110,13035953,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,DragonSamurai360,"I was sneaking up on an outpost, and an enemy soldier after detecting me shoots the elephant cage door. The elephant then went and killed everyone in the outpost and then knocked an enemy truck off the cliff with enemies still inside the truck.20/10 WILL PLAY ALOT MORE!"
76561198139640528,Recommended,298110,13161730,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,marijke94.mtb,it's like far cry 3 but better
76561198088680646,Recommended,298110,13175980,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,FEASTFORBLOOD,For me personally ive had a ton of fun. The bugs have been minimal for me but the preformance issues need to fixed ASAP! I have to run this game on medium and i know i can run it at ultra.
76561198054698490,Recommended,298110,12991706,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,MrMayh3m94,"The Game is great it plays very much like Farcry 3 but with improvments just enough to make the game feel fresh. The ambient music is very immersive and the Map is much bigger which is a big plus in my book. The main villan is very charismatic, Ruthless and charming just like Hoyt and Vass were in Farcry 3 which made cutscenes featuring Pagan Min very entertaining to watch.So if you loved Farcry 3 defenitly pick this game up :)8.5/10"
76561197990011944,Recommended,298110,13075473,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Chad Sexington,"Went fishing with a grenade launcher, best fishing trip ever."
,Not Recommended,298110,28812995,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Rawr xd,Ubisoft fix your game. It's an amazing game but it black screened. (Windows 10) Refunded immediately.
76561198059439380,Recommended,298110,12994278,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Brigade 2506,"I'm overall really impressed with the improvements from Farcry 3.I don't know why people are so mad about so much being the same?How much can you reinvent or change? After making Farcry 3 which was a great game!If it ain't broken, don't fix it....Overall from what I've experinced, it's going to be a fun game,The gun play feels better than farcry 3, characters seem interesting and you have so many of the abilities you had to buy in Farcry 3 (draging bodies, and certain takedowns) in the beginning which I really like, because it opens up so many different possibilities.9/10Would have like more gunsandA better tutorial of how to throw rocks verse bait, and a tutorial of the  UI in general since it's a change from Farcry 3."
,Not Recommended,298110,23254883,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Jmac,Truly a boring chore of a game.
,Not Recommended,298110,18282764,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,PCConsoleGamer,"So I never got around to writing a review for this game. Well, here it is, in a Nutshell. Farcry 4 is not a bad game, and yes, I do realize I spent quite a bit of time on it(over 200 hrs) but eh, this was an ok game, not over the top. Here are my Pros and Cons:Pros:The Buzzer, or Gyrocopter whatever you want to call it. This is your best friend while getting to outposts, or going to Missions.Taking out the outposts earns you XP-the more pirates you take out in the game, the more XP you earn.The Heavies in are MUCH easier to deal with than they we're in Farcry 3.Now, the Cons:The Animals, basically everyone, except for a few(Sambars, etc are not a problem, they are just skittish).Wild eagles WILL attack you in EVERY level of the game, which can be and IS annoying, to say the least. Also, wolves, honey badgers, Eagles,  and the like, again, tedious, and annoying. Really? do we need that in EVERY, and I mean, EVERY part of A Farcry game?Also, I don't know about anyone else, but what I also found annoying was the Hunters-you can tag them, but the tag only lasts for a few seconds, and if they spot you, they will alert every pirate in the area(if any), etc.Overall, this game has it's good and bad points, and if you don't mind dealing with the aformentioned above, then I say buy it, otherwise, Play one of the previous Farcry games. I am giving this game a Thumbs Down, because of what I had already mentioned(the Animals, Hunters, wild Eagles), Etc. Thanks for reading."
76561197970175160,Recommended,298110,13167081,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Mauul !,"This game is awesome. Improved on what Far Cry 3 had already brought to the table (aside from story, which is not horrible but could have had a tad bit more time sunk into its deveolopment). In all honesty it is very much like Far Cry 3, however as I mentioned above they improved upon many things that Far Cry 3 was lacking.If you enjoyed Far Cry 3 and dumped tons of time into it, you wont be dissapointed with Far Cry 4. Oh and one more thing, if you can play coop, play coop as it is super fun with a friend :)"
,Not Recommended,298110,29572869,Posted: 29 January,all,crispybucket,"I loved Far Cry 3, but this is basically that with more of the bad elements. These bad elements include:1. Too many splash screens when loading the game. Can't skip them. It takes so long to just get in the game and start playing.2. Too many cut scenes that you can't skip. I love Far Cry because I want to shoot bad guys. I WANT TO SHOOT BAD GUYS. I don't want to sit there and watch ♥♥♥♥♥♥ movies. The backstory is now so convoluted that I don't even care any more, and yet I'm forced to sit through cut scene after cut scene watching uncanny valley characters trying to act. If I wanted this, I would have just gone to Netflix and watched an actual movie.3. Can't play co-op until you finish the first big mission. I downloaded this to play with my brother, and after we both paid for the game, we realized we have to grind for ♥♥♥♥ing hours before we can play together. Why did they do this? In Far Cry 3, you could just start playing together. Why this limitation?4. The gameplay is basically just Far Cry 3 all over again, nothing new. Just grind for XP and money by liberating towers, killing enemies in outposts, doing quests, etc., and skin animals to buy bigger ammo pouches, holsters and better weapons and repeat. The story, again, is so convoluted and the cut scenes are so long-winded that you just stop caring about the back story.TLDR: If you played Far Cry 3, you really don't need to play this one."
,Recommended,298110,13011775,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Gadsden,"So far I'm really enjoying the game. It's similar to Far Cry 3 in it's mechanics. But besides that it's a new game with a ton of animals and pretty cool side missions. If you enjoyed Far Cry 3 I'm sure you'll like this one too. Although, I suggest after a price decrease. Hope this helps somewhat.."
,Recommended,298110,13010818,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Jelding,If you are on the fence about this game chances are you will be happy with the purchase.
,Not Recommended,298110,13977655,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Coaxmetal,"Game seems alright, like a clone of FC3 except the protagonist is less terrible, but it runs like trash with anything above low settings, which is a shame because the game it is a clone of ran great. Anyway, Ubisoft has had a banner year putting out broken trash fires of games, and while this is far less offensive than, say, Unity, its still a bummer."
76561198153150016,Recommended,298110,13168236,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Hot Damn Its Your Boy Colt Ford,"I loved the game. Great, but short story. two or three of the missions where frustrating. having to sign in to Uplay was awful. Other than that great game!"
,Not Recommended,298110,25042844,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,"μ’sicForever""not aquors",no
76561198014051695,Recommended,298110,13064571,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Tiny-Devil,"This is my 4th FarCry game and I don't have a bad work to say about any of them. From FarCry 1 all the way to FarCry 4 I have had a Great time. FarCry 4 is amazing, I have like 55 hours play time now and am only 60 % done.  The game play and the visuals are out of this world, this is a must have game."
,Recommended,298110,13010324,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,gFunk,I used a blowtorch on a radiator grill and it repaired the car. Then an eagle attacked my car.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=347178873
,Not Recommended,298110,13096875,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,[TBR] Implosion,"I bought from someone else Far cry 4 for 20 keys, NOT FROM STEAM, and one week later, steam delete my far cry 4.This is a criminal act! They say it was a gift.Here the txt.""Your recent gift received from ""Zangdar"" has been revoked due to a problem processing payment for this item. The games associated with this gift can no longer be played as a result. If you would like to purchase this item, visit the steam store. Otherwise, you may choose to delete the local content associated with this gift.""And by deleting my far cry 4, now you think I will buy it from steam????? omg."
76561197977850306,Not Recommended,298110,13796883,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,FuzzyDunlop,Do not buy... Ubisoft still hasn't fixed the crafting glitch. Two months after buying the game I still can't play co-op
76561198036734807,Not Recommended,298110,16405143,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Kalliban,"It will not load, just crashes with ""Not Responding"" and has to be manually shut down. I tried all the 'fixes' on the internet and none of them worked.The biggest issue people have playing this game are top searches, what a terrible waste of time."
,Recommended,298110,13005586,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,CommanderDarkShadow,"I am only 3 hours into this game and have certainly not had the Full Far Cry 4 Experience. but... This game is AWESOME!!!!  Take everything you loved about the previous Far Cry games and imagine it perfected. Take everything you hated about the previous Far Cry games and imagine most of those problems gone. That is Far Cry 4.  The Graphics are absolutely gorgeous and the gameplay is mostly smooth. The story (so far) is great and they really have introduced some really memorable characters.  The antagonist is even more sadistic than Vaas was in Far Cry 3 which I thought would be impossible.  The map is huge. I have only explored a small portion of it and I still feel just this little tiny little area on the map still has many many hours of gameplay to offer.I have an Nvidia 755m graphics card and was able to start the game off with most settings on ultra, however, I did have to turn settings to be mostly medium after a few hours of playing. I am not sure if the reasonthe game started lagging because of the computer started overheating or because of something within the game engine not working, or because my computer just simply is not up to the specs to max the settings out.  Either way, It still looks incredible with medium settings and really won't subtract from the overall experience."
76561198063791368,Recommended,298110,13010978,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,jacobieachi,"You can shoot gun and kill things, all in first person!"
76561198012617672,Recommended,298110,13012381,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Wings,What's with all the negative reviews? Bunch of whiners.
,Not Recommended,298110,13155610,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,MadMod,"I have only played 4 hours (so far), and in that time I find that it's not very immersive because they have to run those dang black bars on the screen (on 16:10 monitors). It pisses me off, because I paied 60 bucks for an unfinished game. The story is great, as otherwise I would recommend, but don't spend 60 bucks on a half finished game that was rushed to PC. Vote with your money...Developer Tips:-Optimize the game. It runs good, but can have some ocassional slowdown on 18GB of RAM with 4 GB of GDDR3-Keep the game glitches that don't break the game. They're really funny as hell, but 720p is nothing to laugh about...-Fix the 16:10 issue. Why would we have to be forced into a aspect that degrades the quality of the game, or have to                  buy a whole new monitor?"
,Recommended,298110,13235200,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Gutter-Man47,"Epic, epic FPS. Gets a little repetetive in parts, but this is best FPS we've played in the last decade, next to Far Cry 3. Story is a little bland, but the action is insane. Great villain too. Some interesting characters."
76561198049375925,Not Recommended,298110,13292615,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,catsui,"reasons not to buy this rushed out jumped up garbage-it is far cry 3 renamed-coop although being somewhat entertaining is filled with bugs-cannot skip cutscenes-the 75 dollar pricetag for a game that is clearly further from finished than dayz-nothing saves in coop-uses Uplay-in 1.5 hrs i had 3 crashes from coop and cannot healanyway the list goes on and on it has to be the worst game ive played in 2014 so bad infact that i felt the need to leave a review.Buy at your peril,"
,Recommended,298110,12997074,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Warkanum,"So far so good. No crashes. Great gameplay. I think I need a new graphics card because it's bit slow on ultra. Animals fur looks weird by the way, could have been better or might just be my graphics. Waiting for friends to try coop, hope its good."
,Not Recommended,298110,13870569,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Bert,"Far Cry 3.5I would recommend this as a mod to Far Cry 3, a very expensive mod.I played Far Cry 3, and had a lot of fun. I saw this and said hey I'll give it a shot. Different terrain, little bit better graphics. Well it all boils down to the fact that this is probalby about 90% commonality with Far Cry 3. The only difference is animals, some weapons, and oh hey a little helicopter!!!!! No it's just like a Gyro copter from DayZ Epoch. Nothing special.Same Radio Tower Unlock system. Same level up system for the Perks if I may call them. Same deal with physco pathic antagonist.If you want to buy this, just go buy Far Cry 3, it's cheaper and looks the same.Oh yeah, I unistalled it off my SSD, since it took up 30+ Gb's. Yeah I only played 5 hours, but I just didn't get the urge to go back and play."
,Recommended,298110,13977588,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,4thelulz,Rode an elephant off a cliff. 11/10
76561197960936936,Not Recommended,298110,29568432,Posted: 29 January,all,Kenny,There’s a lot of reasons not to recommend this game.This is the short list.Uplay (Hate it).Slow loading times (With an I7 12GB Ram and an SSD).Virtually all the weapons in the same class are identical (all the assault rifles are the same).The cut scenes Unskippable rambling monologues that go on and on.characters I just don't care about.Random crash to black screen.Uplay (yes I hate it that much)It’s just Farcry 3.5 and feels like it should have been an expansion pack at a quarter of the cost.The radio is just Irritating (I just wanted to hunt down the DJ and stick arrows in him)I could go on and onMoney if pointless in the gameThe good?Elephant riding.Hunk (has some very good lines).I got it in the sale Very cheep.It taught me not to buy farcry primal.The Bows.That’s all I can think of.In a nutshell if its under £10 and your really board it may be worth buying.
76561198047617313,Not Recommended,298110,16620396,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Bloo Flar3,"Unplayable for me at the moment, just buggy as anything. trying to play the story and cant do the first part as its so buggy"
,Recommended,298110,12996319,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,iGolf,This will not disappoint you like that 'Unity'.
,Recommended,298110,12994964,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Scaryhunter,"If You love FC3, then you will love this even more :)..Very recommended !!"
,Recommended,298110,12997745,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Blyatman,"Pros:+ Awesome new weapons+ Improved stealth options+ Interesting story with multiple choices and outcomes (replay value)+ Improve hunting and skinning+ New features such as grappling hook and autodrive add a bit more diversity+ Characters and plot are very intriguing and engaging+ Runs smooth with no crashes (Alienware 14 LAPTOP running it on Very High at 45fps)+ A tonne of content, such as side missions, collectibles, upgrades and skills, customisation, quests and missions, and the ability to ignor the campaign for hours should you so wish.Cons:- Very similar to Far Cry 3- Difficulty spikes- Menus are a little less smooth- Difficulty in traversing things like mountains makes for tedium to walk around them- Unbalanced in parts (Honey badgers are way overpowerd, taking at least 5 shots from a pistol to kill them; things like Dhole and Pigs are much the same)Overall:Far Cry 3 with a different (and better) story, a bunch of new weapons, much better graphics, and an overall ""smoother"" feel to the game with added realism in hunting and skinning. Stealth is more of an option now, and you actually care about th chaacters. Same core mechanics as Far Cry 3, but with a lot of major renovations. The world is MASSIVE too, once you break into Northern Kyrat. Grappling hook, more vehicles, and the scale of the world gives it the feel of a sort of Just Cause-Far Cry hybrid. Which, needless to say, is pretty bada$$.EDIT: Many hours in, the game continues to expand in diversity, customisable playstyle with loadouts and skills, and the map gets even larger. However, it tends to crash a lot more (perhaps every hour or so) once you get lots of hours clocked."
,Not Recommended,298110,22079912,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,SmittySnark,"Its far cry 3, reskinned and in the mountains. I just bought this on sale for $19.99, and I think that's about what I'd pay for it.Basically it's a get shot up, wrap your arm, get shot, wrap your arm, get shot, wrap your arm. There are tons of novel stupid things in this game that are just straight up annoying. I don't know, I'm probably gonna keep this game and play through pieces of it as I have time to do so, but I may just say nope, refund it and move on.Bottom line, if you LOVE LOVE LOVE FC3, then you'll be right at home. IF however you were hoping for something different, better executed. I'd think you'd be butt hurt and should go home now and leave this alone. It's a formulaic game based on previous success. Don't expect innovation.Don't expect to be amazed. Don't expect free hot dogs, no it doesn't make you a sandwhich. You might feel like petting a tiger, but don't do that either. They'll rip your package off and then smile about it playa."
76561198006657755,Not Recommended,298110,29616440,Posted: 31 January,all,Jackyboy,"Oh ♥♥♥♥ me...I should've not bought this game. Neither should you. Basically it's far cry 3, with less plot and more gunz. That is the good part. Now by less plot I mean no plot. No characters, no story, no emotion. It's nice to good up and down the mountains shooting everything that moves, if that's your thing fine. But if you want something, ANYTHING more than absolute shallowness then you should pass on this game. If you do like FPS action...play DOOM."
,Recommended,298110,13001758,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,A Random Man,Easter egg where you can complete the game in 15 minutes.10/10
,Recommended,298110,13124937,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,voor,"This game is essentially just a good mod for Far Cry 3, and there's nothing wrong with that."
76561198028659394,Recommended,298110,13974744,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,[TAW] Nate Mc Bow,"Far Cry 4 is effectively the step up from Far Cry 3 and in many, many ways. In Farc Cry 3 there were times where the open world gameplay felt blank or empty. Whilst in this game... Suddenly everything can go wrong in an instant. But at the same time. Everything can also go right.The world is massive. Hundreds of places to explore and even more events that occur along the way. The co-op play can use some work but beyond that the game and the multiplayer is actually thouroughly enjoyable.I recommend this game to anyone who wants a more versatile feel to FPS games. Stealth is an option, Guns is an option. Even wild animals and ELEPHANTS are an option. What is there not to love?"
,Recommended,298110,13064273,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,KIWI,I had alot of fps truoble even thogh i have recomended specs
76561198158653068,Not Recommended,298110,13204438,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Valhalla-Warrior,worst farcry game i have ever played controlles are crap dont even waist your money
76561198071042536,Recommended,298110,13152299,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Miniman,I always seem to get this directx error saying that its a bad image?!someone help :'(
,Recommended,298110,26458264,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,whakdaddy,YES
,Recommended,298110,13013415,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,ABSTRAX,Improves on Far Cry 3 in lots of ways
,Not Recommended,298110,13150857,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,XenoBeast,Doesnt work at all. Not responding. Very Upset
,Recommended,298110,12996719,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,badbwoytj,"everything is perfect......................... except the fact that when someone joins your game , if they leave, your game gets reloaded, its very annoying sometimes.......otherwise its great.....add me on uplay: badbwoytj"
,Not Recommended,298110,13952126,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Red Lips Lucy,"No matter what I try, the game won't launch. I tried the duo core injector, and I don't have any programs that would interfere with it."
,Recommended,298110,13197167,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,epik,"""Far Cry 4 remained truly spectacular during my visit to Kyrat. Beautiful vistas canvased across the landscape with seemingly open, living and diverse environments to explore. Endless plethora of activities to do while slowly gaining your reputation as the hero of Kyrat which should keep you entertained for hours on end."" -Epik"
76561198000610610,Not Recommended,298110,32198795,Posted: 5 June,all,PedroFebruar,"This game still insists on using the POS uplay software to launch. If servers are down, so is your singleplayer game. Game is fine in and of itself, when it runs. Would not buy from this publisher again."
,Not Recommended,298110,13789461,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,KONG [D..R>F>],"Waste of 50 dollars, would rather spend less and get the 3rd one for the exact same gameplay."
,Recommended,298110,13044959,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,nicolas,"Demon, Fish. Damnit."
76561198019356234,Not Recommended,298110,13980733,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Keldek,"Meh is about all I can say.Sure, it's a decently fun game, you run around and shoot stuff like 100s of other FPS games; but that's about it.First and foremost, it took 2 months and several patches before I could even play the game, so that was a huge let down and let me know out the gate that the game wasn't ready for launch, but of course they launched it anyway.Co-op is still bugged to hell, invivisble vehicles and enemies anyone?The story is pretty bland and leaves everything to be desired.The main ""bad guy"" is a white rip off of Vaas from Far Cry 3.The conbat feels like it came right out of the early 2000's, basic and uninspiring to say the least. I mean, in a game based soley around combat, you can't even pistol whip someone.The driving controls are archaic and terrible.The option to not be forced to join the ""golden path"" would have been nice, but it is what it is.The entire map is quite small when compared to other franchise titles. The only thing that makes it seem like the world is large is the fact there are so many mountains that you have to contantly go around (when not fast travelling of course).I could go on and on and on, but there's no point really. Ubisoft clearly rushed this game in order to cash in on xmas and end of year sales; and clearly doesn't give a rats *** about producing a quality title.The only reason I still play it is because a buddy of mine and I play together on co-op and are trying to get the most out of our money by running around doing nonsense like running through invisible cars/people and racing on quads/dune buggys. So if you're looking for a game that you can utterly waste time in but have no real expectations of a premium game sold at a premium price, then this title might be right for you. Otherwise, spend your money on something else and have more fun than just ""wasting time"".At least the world is somewhat pretty I guess.But I for one won't bother spending any more money on Ubisoft titles in the future."
76561197974226536,Recommended,298110,13068272,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,sip,fun
76561198047273658,Recommended,298110,13008220,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,MAX,as expected ...!! .. wow.. i love FC4..
,Not Recommended,298110,13796583,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Frank Grimes,keeps crashing
,Recommended,298110,13568967,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Dude,Awsome game!!! I loved it!
,Recommended,298110,22905678,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Domer,"Fun, albeit very generic, action-shooter. 7/10."
76561198042001920,Not Recommended,298110,15858881,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Dragoon_103,"Not recommended, game s basically the same as Far cry 3, The game just loves to delete your save games. this wouldent be to much of a problem, except you cannot skip any of the cutscenes, to get to a part in the game where you can actually do anything, you need to watch atleat 30min of unskipable cutscenes. just ruins the game, dont get."
,Recommended,298110,13932227,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,sarah why did you leave come bak,Great game.
,Recommended,298110,13009028,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Jay Savage,"I noticed alot of people haven't gotten the game to work so I've been pretty lucky lately.  The setting and enviornment really puts the game together and keeps making me want to play more and more of it.  I thought the setting in Far Cry 3 was great in the tropics but now in the Himalayas, it's really a blessing.  With experience from Far Cry 2,3 and now 4, I've seen BIG improvements with everything.  Definitely reccomend this game but Uplay really needs to fix this error with people not being able to startup.  Story's great. Character's great. Enviornment's great. Game's great.""Skyrim with guns."" 10/10"
76561198080652579,Not Recommended,298110,18179026,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,retardborist,"STILL no support for controllers.Seems pretty poorly optimized.Barely anything new at all from FC3.♥♥♥♥ you, Ubisoft.  Never again."
,Recommended,298110,20150273,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Zirofal the far right swed,"(CONTAINS SPOILERS)so heres a reviev of the protaganist ajayyour on your way to throw your mothers ashes where she was born. fo course to do so you most pass trough a country thats more unstable, ♥♥♥♥ed up and religous then IS.while passing trough your ttransport gets attacked, a mokey is shot and a man stabbed with a pen. your then kidnapped by your brother that turns out to be king of this land. your then saved by this strange rebal force but of course they fail so you most murder some people that was forced to join an army or ther family would be executed. so after mu dering countless of people, macking a bear and tigger attack these men you finnaly meet the rebels leader, turns out he is fighting for culture and realigon.   so what dose ajay that was forced to muder all thos people have to say about this? ""how can i help?""later into the game and after around a thousend kills and destroying guard posts you get kidnapped and stripped naked by this strange girl that forces you to fight naked against men and animal in an arena for others veiving plasure.  how dose wise ajay react tot his all? with a shrug.so after many more raid against guard posts, massacering peoples fathers and sons and doing as told by a relgios man over and over again you berly get an reaction out of ajay you get rewarded with your fathers old house!!so after clanmbing up the size of a mountin, mudering even more men in cold blood you reach the house that stands on a cliff. you enter trough the main door and in ther.... the absolute worst imgnablle by human eyes, horror to striongest of men. what would make anyone reach breaking point.two american smoking weed!!you feel the anger and blood boiling in you..all that hatred building up..you are not gona stand for this!   TGHIS HAS GONE TO FAR. THIS WAS THE LAST PUSH, SO YOU PULL OUT YOUR TRUSTY M1911 AND AIMS AT THEM, SHOUTING GET OUT!!so after abit of screaming they leave... to set up a tent outside your house and keep maiking drugs that they test on you...10/10 would become religos extremist sheep that dose drugs again"
76561198040097250,Not Recommended,298110,24080462,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Wolf,"I´m normaly don´t write reviews to games but i felt like i had to do it with Far Cry 4....I belive there to many hours of gameplay....However....I brought this game to play coop with my brother. And while this is surely possible it in ""mulitiplayer"" Campain wise....No....Just no....Nothing is synced....And you will loss connection ALL the time. So if you buy this game to play solo i belive you will have a great game...But for coop campain.....Just dont do it...In shortCOOP Campain = Not working.Solo Campain = Great.Multiplayer ""Croni somthing somthing"" = Also good but....A little problems..."
,Not Recommended,298110,13459497,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,please end me,"Loved Far Cry 3, this looks amazing, but the required specs arent very accuraate. I have a better processor and RAM than recommended, but almost minimal video card drivers and it runs at 5-15 FPS on absolute minimal settings. Wish I didn't waste 60 bucks on this. D':"
,Not Recommended,298110,19701858,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Mutumbo,It's far cry 3 with a new map
76561197977408710,Not Recommended,298110,13009103,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Hooker Spit Soup,"Game got a good update, stopped SOME stutter and lagg. Updating the score  6/10"
,Recommended,298110,13249246,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Shadowz G Clayderman,"The game Far Cry 4 only is phenomenal, great graphics and open world experience. The UPLAY HOWEVER, SUCKS! WTF UBISOFT, NO MATTER HOW HARD YOU TRY, THERE IS ONLY ONE STEAM, DON'T FORCE US TO OPEN THE GAME FROM YOUR STUPID STEAM COPY. I DIDN'T WANT TO SPEND IDR 640,000 OR SO FOR YOUR PATHETIC LITTLE ""STEAM"" COPY CLIENT! SO GET RID OF THAT UPLAY I ONLY WANT TO OPEN THE GAME VIA THE OFFICIAL STEAM BY VALVE AND THAT IS FINAL. SCREW YOU UPLAY!!!P.S I CAN'T EVEN CHANGE MY IN GAME NAME TO A MORE PREFFERABLE ONES THEY KEPT USING THE Guest- blablabla NAME. ♥♥♥♥ THAT♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198027201550,Not Recommended,298110,13220550,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Revity,"Too many bugs to really be enjoyed for now. I'd wait until another few patches are released if you really want to get it.  The bugs suck the fun right out. If you liked FC3 you should like this, but FC3's story is a lot more developed so don't expect the story, only the game-play. The character progresses in FC3, where in this one, well you'll have to see what I mean.  Let's just say the golden path got REALLY lucky to have found the main character....   Overall the story leaves much to be desired.  Co-op is a step up from FC3, but the bugs in co-op are even worse than single player and tend to ruin most sessions one way or another, or if not ruin, significantly reduce the fun of a session. If you don't have a perfect connection to your partner, expect TONS of bugs to crop up."
76561198160670512,Not Recommended,298110,32470624,Posted: 16 June,all,S?S jallu111,Okay where the ♥♥♥♥ do i even start? The games story is very good and the games charecters are very good and interesting!The world is full of beutifull animas and beutifull sights like mountains and forests!But the game is full of bugs nad half of the time i dont even get the game to start. If you want to play this game you need to be prepared to mess around with the games files to get it working. And when you finaly get the game to start your friendly npcs are very ♥♥♥♥ing stoopid. For an example i was doing an mission for willis and my mission was to protect him. He does not know how to take cover. And when he finaly took cover to run into an warehouse. He got stuck on an ammo crate...Also what i hate about the game is that you are basicly forced to download uplay if you want all of the guns for an example there is an homing missle launcer that you need to buy with u play points on uplay....The game is good. But the work i had to do to get this game working is enough for me to not suggest this to my friends.
,Recommended,298110,22767047,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Gutta Kødder,i ♥♥♥♥ing love this game
,Not Recommended,298110,16402914,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Los Mexicano,"Terrible, doesn't run at all."
,Recommended,298110,26418244,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,The Mask of Yurnero,Awesome game
76561198001883238,Recommended,298110,25036231,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Naugrim,Does not get any better!!!
76561198101208088,Recommended,298110,13169473,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,hey guys here in my garage,"Even though the company ubisoft dissapoints with games like Watch dogs and Ac: Unity, this is not one of their games where it is dissapointing. This is a game where you fight a memorable and charasmatic villian, Pagan Min, wild life is so much better in this game. At the end, you have two choices, trust me do not shoot the gun. This is amazing."
76561198000358289,Not Recommended,298110,13062159,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Xofiz,"FALSE ADVERTISING, CO-OP DOESN`T WORK, IT DOESN`T SAVE ANYTHING, YOU CAN JOIN THE GAME OF YOUR FRIEND BUT EVERYTHING YOU DOES THERE DO NOT SAVE TO YOUR CAMPAIGN. UBISOFT LIED TO ME."
76561198065669115,Recommended,298110,13071757,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,KP12000,"This game is truly wort it. I played the hell out of Far Cry 3, and now i'm playing this one too! Love it."
,Not Recommended,298110,16177857,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,GP| ^1Russian^4Grandma,"I have played the PS4 version and love this game. But there are flaws to the PC version I am unhappy with.The only one I know of as of now, is that I boot up the game and it doesnt even get the the title... It just stays black. If you have a suggestion to help it would be much appreciated but as of now I am dissapointed in this game."
76561197999600448,Not Recommended,298110,15663595,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,The Laughing Man,"I was checking my skills when the game went to a loading screen and when it loaded i was at a random spawn and then game closed. When I logged back in I was at the same spawn point with no money, xp, karma, skills nothing! It still says i played 33% and shows all my achievements but all my stuff has been reset. This is ridiculous. I dealt with so much buggy crap from this game and now this♥♥♥♥♥♥ Please fix my stats.  I can still equip my weapons and that's all. What the ♥♥♥♥! You should serious refund my money. To sell a game this buggy is pathetic and makes the whole company look terrible. it makes me consider never buying games from you again. I see why you don't have a phone number on the page. Please fix my game and refund my money.And ♥♥♥♥ you steam for selling this game. With all the problems you should seriously not sale this game. But if none of that happens I would like my data restore and mostly my money back."
76561198098896461,Recommended,298110,29629897,Posted: 1 February,all,xXxCombatWadeqPawlaqxXx,lol
,Recommended,298110,13369262,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,✪Encinity,Far Cry 4 takes Far Cry 3's excellent gameplay and refines it to near-perfection. Its a very fun and interacting game with beatuiful graphics and a amazing gameplay. You also get access to a wider variety of powerful weapons much sooner than in FC3. Wich makes it easier and fun taking down Pagan Min allies and finally his overall reign. 8/10
,Recommended,298110,34238804,Posted: 14 August,all,Erecto Pinesso,"Loved the honey badger references, stealthing outposts was also quite enjoyable."
76561198059897624,Not Recommended,298110,13235398,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,MayhemINC,"So, the game is beautiful.  And thats where the compliments end.Buggy is an understatement, infested would be more accurate.  Coop isnt even playable, 2 weeks in.  During coop play, if your not the host half the vehicles dont show up.  You will see the host jumping down the road at a rapid clip.  There are enemy convoys that you are supposed to either destroy or hijack.  The host can see them, not the client.  Some of these have pretty heavy machine guns.  So you will be running down the road and all of a sudden your getting shot but cant figure out where.  Oh its an invisable guy in an invisable truck shooting an invisable gun.  It took them a week just to get the second patch out.The description of it being a coop game was very misleading.  The coop consists of running around, taking over outposts (if it doesn't bug out), and dealing with the afformentioned convoys (which is impossible with the bugs).  I was lead to beleive that the coop was the complete game, storyline and all.  Imagine my dissapointment having just dropped $60 on an unplayable game, without the features they were leading people to believe.I am so dissapointed and frustrated I havnt even bothered playing more than the first few missions of the single player.This is the last ubisoft game I buy.  I was looking forward to The crew, until I found out it was an ubi game.  Looking at their last releases: Assasins creed: Unity, Watchdogs, Far Cry 4, The Crew (which they promised wouldnt have release problems... yeah, that worked out), all have had horrible launches.  Ubi are no better than scam artists at this rate.  They hype a game, get people to preorder, then dont deliver a useable product.  Shame on them.  If this were any other business they would have been sued into oblivion by now.  But as a software company they protect themselves with a EULA and tell people to go ♥♥♥♥ themselves.  Well ♥♥♥♥ you ubi."
76561198007662554,Not Recommended,298110,13239007,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Ahh_Crumb,"The PC version isn't optimised well at all. You need to edit config files to improve stutter and texture loading issues. There are also severe issues with mouse aiming, to fix it you need to do Ubisoft's work for them by editing the actual game files.I've logged 8hrs at the time of writing this, most of that time was spent trying to fix the games issues. I've never had to work so hard to get a game to run well before.I was hoping for good optimisation like Far Cry 3, but, nope.﻿This review is based on technical issues the game has. Whether the game is fun, has a good story, etc - might make it worth the hassle... ""might"".Specs:i5 2500K @4.4ghz8GB RAM @1600mhzNvidia gtx 780 w/ 3GB VRAM120GB SSD for OS500GB SSD for games"
76561197982863496,Not Recommended,298110,13049131,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,dodge,Unable to play game due to shooting lines during game play. Have not found the fix. I would hold  off on purchasing Far Cry 4.
,Recommended,298110,14185565,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Calon,10/10Would get rekt by honey badgers again.
76561198142257049,Recommended,298110,32701890,Posted: 23 June,all,LittleSatan'sWeeb,looks legit
76561197970511722,Not Recommended,298110,13049152,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,dfranek,Mega-glithcy and useless. Do not buy this game!
,Recommended,298110,13003155,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Zid02,Its a beautiful experince and gameplay with tons of stuff you can do MUCH MORE WEPONS added and mecanics just an amazing game experience BUT i did have problems lunching it but it fixed itself after a day 10/10
,Not Recommended,298110,15408630,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Happy Cat,"Absolute trash. Coop barely works, the whole game is riddled with bugs and the story sucks. they had a perfect trilogy. Three great games and one failed experement. What the hell, ubisoft?"
,Recommended,298110,12997575,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,theycallmeIRISH,"If you liked Far Cry 3, you will like this game. A lot of the mechanics from fc3 are back, with new ones that make exploring the world of Kyrat much more accessable and fun. Example are the grapling hook (so you can scale steep cliffs without having to run around them), autodriving (hold shift and you automatically maintain speed while following the roads which allows you to look around and shoot one handed weapons freely), and the gyrocopter. The skill progress is back although a bit different this time and is split between tiger (run and gun skills) and elephant (heavy destruction). I liked the tattau in fc3 as you were visually able to see your character progression. Aside from mechanics the game looks absolutely amazing. I play on ""high"" and it is by far one of the best games I've seen so far. The lush vegitation and sheer scale of the map is incredible. I do highly reccomend this game if you liked fc3. I bought the Gold edition and feel it was well worth $90 even though I am not a big fan of Ubisoft and the need for their obnoxious DRM and Uplay policies.Will update later as I play more and have more time. For now, hope this helps:]"
,Recommended,298110,13001452,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,CoolGuyRift,"Amazing! It's Far Cry 3 but better! Better graphics, better animations, better characters, better weapons, everything about this game is better than Far Cry 3. Fantastic game. 11/10"
76561198051014134,Not Recommended,298110,13344023,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,MOMO,it goes black schreen all the time
76561198090710667,Recommended,298110,13166025,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,MountaindewM,"Summary of what I will go into detail about:This is Far Cry 3 but improved it practically everyway possible.  Everything that made it good is back and better if it could be better.  Upgrade even more weapons, more paintable skins.  The Side Missions are plentiful and there is so much to see off the beaten path.  You will ultimately dictate how much fun you have in the game.More Details:Weapons:  The game has about the same setup for weapons.  You unlock 3 more slots but now your first unlockable weapon slot is a sidearm slot for pistols and smaller guns like a single shot grenade launcher.  There are a lot of weapons.  I don't have a precise # but I know it's like 30 or so and even more if you count the signature weapons.Animals/People: There are more animals in the wild and they are even more deadly than they were before.  Animals are a force to be afraid of early on but become more of a fun play thing to toy with once you unlock everything.  The enemies are plentiful as well and random fights happen more often.  They are also a bit more intelligent and aren't as simple as before to kill.  Of course when you unlock the North side of the map they get even harder and are a bit more of a challenge.  My suggestion is aim for the head and if your aim is true they will not stand a chance.Story:It was rather interesting and entertaining.  It kept you wanting to learn more but this also conflicts with me wanting to unlock as much as I can and just play around.  Overall the basic idea of the game is pretty solid and works well.  Although I still have to wonder how another random man from the states is so deadly.Side Missions:This is a big one.  There are tons of types of side missions you can do.  There are a few race types which are fairly easy to get gold on without having to be really good at driving.  The other missions are either save hostages and you can't be spotted otherwise they execute them or assassination missions where you have to kill a commander and loot him and escape without being spotted.  You can also get a bonus for hiding his body before you leave.  Another type has you kill 2 commanders with a certain weapon type which allows you to use your own weapon of that type of you want which is a nice change of pace.  The hunting missions works the same way as well which I really liked.  There are a few more that I am not thinking of but they are all fairly entertaining.Unlockables/Skills:This game has a lot of guns and things that can be earned and unlocked.  You get XP as well as you kill enemies and you get more based on how they die.  Head shots earn more xp and Heavy Enemies(hard to kill especially early on) give quite a bit more.  You can also do karma events which are random events like save a hostage who is being taken out in the wilderness by 1 or 2 guys.  Pretty easy to do.  Help the rebels kill the Royal Army which is simple.  There are a few that are simple like this that give you a chance to earn extra karma xp outside of doing missions.  These levels you get here unlock more Guns for Hire Tokens and you can upgrade them which allows you to call in rebels to help you fight.  The guns you unlock by either picking them up or purchasing them.  Some guns you start with being able to be purchased while other unlock after a certain point into the main story.  By getting to the top of the Bell Towers  you can unlock some weapons without purchasing.  Signature weapons are unique though in that they are normal weapons but with specific attachments on them which cannot be changed but they are better than they would normally be.  Most of the regular weapons can be upgraded with scope/sight attachments, silencer or larger magazines.  They all also have different paints you can apply as well.Upgrades and other things I missed:You can upgrade your pouches and wallet by skinning animals and crafting them when you get a certain amount.  If you get a clean kill by using a bow and arrow or a auto-cross which uses bolts, you can get 2 hides per animal instead of just 1.  You have to be careful though since some weapons might damage the hides.  I suggest not using a Elephant gun to kill any small game if you want hides.  There are Molotovs, Grenades, Throwing Knifes and Bait which will attract wild beasts to the area to attach your enemies.Co-Op/Multiplayer/Editor:You are limited in distance from your partner and you can't do the main story with them as well.  Other than that though it is pretty awesome.  I have yet to try Multiplayer vs or anything so I can't really say how that is.  I also have not used or tried to use the Editor.I am probably forgetting something so if you have a question please leave a comment and I'll try to answer it for you."
76561197985316695,Not Recommended,298110,32746912,Posted: 24 June,all,ch,"Failure. Resolution ""FAILURE"" no true 1920x1200 resolutions or 5760x 1200 resolutions. Just black bars at top & bottom with nooo fix. Farcry 3 had same issues. ""Flawless Widescreen""  fixed  ""Farcry 3"".  ""Widescreen Fixer"",  ""Flawless Widescreen""  & changing values in GamerProfile do not fix Farcry 4 . I have no problems running 5760x1200 resolutions in other games. Just Ubisoft games. ""FAILURES""!!!  ""AMATEURS""!!!"
,Recommended,298110,13353958,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,MettaWorldTroll,"Love it so far. Yes much like Far Cry 3, but it's not a bad thing that it is. Loving it."
76561197996938973,Not Recommended,298110,19383776,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Jacra ♛ B.U.Ç.O ♛,Terrible port. Ubisoft will never learn.
,Not Recommended,298110,13614908,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Коза Смегма (Goat Smegma),"ifar cry 4 is an amazing, but when i got it for my PC all it did was give me a shortcut to the uplay website, which doesn't even recognize that i have far cry 4"
,Recommended,298110,13000256,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,SuddenDeath,"While there isn't a whole lot of new content , the game does put together the best of FC3 and FC2 , definately worth playing for the Farcry addict or for those who love open sandbox."
,Recommended,298110,13177253,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,ivlmag,"This game made me hate honey badgers and stray dogs. Good work, Ubisoft."
76561198062074001,Recommended,298110,13168341,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Wastey,"started game, went into a forest, killed by a Honey Badger almost instantly.4/20 ""like skyrim with mtn-dew, would play again""-IGN"
,Not Recommended,298110,13916296,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,TheGoodJuices,"I can't play it. I've tried to play it but it says ""Windows is not responding"" I don't know if it is because I have Paralles Windows 7 for my Mac just try to fix it."
76561198130380079,Recommended,298110,21058317,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Boerworsbom,383838
,Not Recommended,298110,23513006,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Haywire,"dont buy  ... its one of the worst farcry game, although it has very nice graphics ubisoft just throughs garbage story at you."
76561197991758752,Not Recommended,298110,23477490,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Duwap,"If Far Cry 3 was like a refreshing glass of crystal clear, ice cold water, then Far Cry 4 is like a somewhat cold, slightly murky glass of the same water, with just the tiniest hint of urine aftertaste. 30 hours after starting the game, I've beaten it, having completed almost all of the side quests and done some requisite item collecting and world exploration.The weapons are a blast, the enemies and wildlife are fairly smart and a worthy challenge at times, and the new gyrocopter is easily the best vehicle in the game (just grab the grenade launcher and you'll be raining down death to your heart's content). Factoring rock climbing and belaying into the game mechanics was interesting and a welcome addition, too.Everything else about this game either scores par or sucks total♥♥♥♥♥The story is far less engaging and interesting than FC3. You play Ajay Ghale, the son of the beloved war hero who died years ago. You are heading to this mystical, Himalayan place known as Kyrat in order to spread your mother's ashes, as it was her dying wish that you do so. Strangely, however, you're also somehow involved with the local freedom fighter movement, the Golden Path, despite the suggestion that you've never heard of nor interacted with them, much less visited Kyrat since your childhood, so your ties to the land and this ""free the people"" cause are ambiguous at best.The game just expects you'll side with the Golden Path because Pagan Min, the main antagonist and ruler of Kyrat, is a♥♥♥♥♥♥ That's really about it. Oh yeah, and the leaders of the Golden Path, Sabal and Amita, have differing views on how best to rule Kyrat, so you constantly have to deal with their drama.You eventually kill one of them, but it's like, who gives a♥♥♥♥♥♥ They're also both horrible people, just in their own ways. Personally, Sabal is better because he's not a drug-slinging degenerate, but that's my opinion.Expecting a story as fulfilling or intesting as FC3? You're in the wrong place.The friendly NPCs are annoying as hell and can't do♥♥♥♥♥♥ And don't get me started on Ravi Ray Rana, the radio DJ that plays every time you enter a vehicle. ♥♥♥♥, if shooting his♥♥♥♥♥and being done with it were an option, I would have done it in the first 15 minutes of the game. He's supposed to be hilarious, but he's actually the most irritating character in the whole game; he's like the video game form of Jar Jar Binks.One more gripe: I can't remember if this was an issue in FC3, but these game has a LOT of screen tearing and ""cellulite"" on textures. Not very smooth to look at.I give Far Cry 4 a 5 out of 10. It got a few things right, but a lot of this game just plain sucks."
,Not Recommended,298110,21002359,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,S1mpleplay,"AVOID THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥ Uplay is ♥♥♥♥ed up.. Oh you just bought the game? How cute, how about we dont let you create a Uplay account. Pirate this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥and you will have 0 problems."
,Recommended,298110,20571794,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Kerri,"If you enjoyed FC3, you'll enjoy Far Cry 4, as it is essentially an overpriced expansion.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Basically a Nepalese expansion for Far Cry 3, the gameplay mechanics and general premise are identical, the only changes being the setting and the higher fidelity graphics. Much like Just Cause, this game isn't driven by plot, but simple, fun gameplay in an open world full of collectibles.The plot line itself only takes a few hours, if that (it took me 35 hours, but that includes finishing all of the side missions on top of the plot missions, and doing a fair amount of the collectibles. Maybe another 5-10 hours to get them all). Infact, the plot is probably the worst part of the game. The antagonist, is probably the most likable character and surely the most innocent in comparison to everyone else. You're forced to choose between two arbitrary choices; in order to continue the plot, you have to choose between feeding children to lions, and feeding them to leopards. Make similar decisions 5 or 6 times, with repetitive shooting gallery segments inbetween each, and you have Farcry 4.What the game exceeds at, is what JC2 exceeded at, a game you can simply shut your brain off and relax while collecting things.Recommended for the sale price, I had plenty of fun with it for £7.50, I'd struggle to justify paying any more for it, however."
,Not Recommended,298110,20051498,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,l3oxy,"Not worth $60, but still something to waste time on."
76561198071490179,Not Recommended,298110,13289762,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,TALKI TIKI,"FX8350 oc 5ghz, 8gb gskill sniper ram, r9 270x gpu. I should be able to run this game on high with no problems but it still has issue even on medium video settings. This game is not optimized at all and the 1.5 patch didnt help much. I had high hopes for this game. Just prettier bug ridden extension of far cry 3. The FPS issue, freezes and crashes are still not fixed. Thanks ubisoft. thank you very much for releasing an unfinished product."
76561198045296582,Not Recommended,298110,33910361,Posted: 30 July,all,BonesOfJoel,"Did you find my review helpful? If not leave a comment describing why or asking any questions you have about the game. If I know the answers I'll help, and if you have criticism I'll take it.I don't typically write reviews, but I recently picked up this game years later because I re-played Far Cry 3 and thought ""Man I'd like more Far Cry 3!"" and well, here we are.So for those of you coming over from Far Cry 3, here are some things you'll find yourself saying aloud while playing.""The wingsuit is the real antagonist""""What's a stealth?""and last but definitely not least""Why aren't I hitting him? Oh the hitbox for the terrain was bigger than the actual model....I was shooting the invisible air that extends past it and now the entire camp knows where I am.""They added some nice new things, for example the animal handling and the larger supply of weapons. (Although if I'm honest I never found myself using anything but 1 of the 2 silenced ARs, the silenced sniper rifle (there's only one), the signature silenced pistol you start with if you bought the ""Big Dong Johnson"" edition, contrarily you can spend a pittance in ubisoft points to unlock Robocop's pistol from Far Cry Blood Dragon and put a silencer on it and have a burst fire silenced pistol 10 seconds into the game. And when I finally unlocked the ONLY silenced SMG I used that.That is of course until you unlock the Signature Weapons (you'll start with 3 of you bought BFG America edition) which unlock extremely easy in this game. I think when I first finished Far Cry 3 I only had the Bushwacker, in this game I'm pretty sure I had like 6 or 7 within a couple hours. Thankfully every Signature Weapon is either a silenced death machine or directs a lead wall in the direction of your enemies so once you get those you'll probably never die to combat again.The Ugliest of the Ugly:Here's where the game hands you your favorite pal from Far Cry 3! The wingsuit! And then immediately punches you in the♥♥♥♥♥♥everytime you touch it. If you touch anything while using the wingsuit you will instantly die. After you pop the parachute, if you touch any vertical surface you will instantly die even if you're 2 inches off the ground. Also, the line of ""vertical surface"" is very gray, I've died from landing on an incline in a clearing where I pulled my chute a good 5 or 6 seconds before landing.I can't tell you how many times I've been caught because I lined up a shot with my sniper or AR and while aiming down the site I legitimately couldn't see the corner or the cliff I was aiming around/over in the scope. Yet I still hit the invisible hitbox that stuck out a good foot from the wall/cliff. The entire facility you're stealthing through will immediately hear a faint ""ptoo"" (since videogame silencers are godlike) and proceed to scream ""I SEE HIM!"" Even if you don't recieve the sight line indicator. They will then instantly know where you are somehow regardless of what you're hiding behind.The worst thing is there are some things this game actually improved on, for instance you can turn off the annoying looting animation. The gameplay itself does feel better in many ways. The new area and the verticality of the mountaneous ranges feels great to explore and makes you really want to use your wingsuit. Unfortunately this game is best played with a friend and a remote shock collar, so that he can break your habbit of using it.TL;DR Pagan Min got nothin on Wingsuit, invisible hitboxes protrude about a foot out of some surfaces and block your shots, stealth is almost useless so just get rambo guns and health upgrades.EDIT: Also just found out if you have a controller plugged in but you're using your keyboard, you can't turn in a vehicle. So make sure you unplug your controller if you're not using it."
76561198229585296,Recommended,298110,23592628,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,♥ SkoogZ ♥ (Ye Qiu),FarCry 4 is not startingProblem Event Name:	APPCRASHApplication Name:	FarCry4.exeApplication Version:	0.1.0.1Application Timestamp:	552190c2Fault Module Name:	nvwgf2umx.dllFault Module Version:	10.18.13.5906Fault Module Timestamp:	5654a5c9Exception Code:	c000001dException Offset:	0000000000a7c6b5OS Version:	6.1.7600.2.0.0.256.1Locale ID:	1033Additional Information 1:	d9abAdditional Information 2:	d9ab8ef6880144e52d5a86ed2a40b7a8Additional Information 3:	6cbbAdditional Information 4:	6cbb56e45303f200701487f39d9c37cethis error pops up please help
76561198112468273,Not Recommended,298110,20392477,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,🎃✝Klaus The  Fox✝🎃,Uplay too stupid to let me play
,Recommended,298110,13057933,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Jardyn,Wildlife finna ran through on me.
76561198199493043,Recommended,298110,34102038,Posted: 8 August,all,HaTTriKK-iwnl,butifull india xD
,Recommended,298110,19219671,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Killerspinach,Vaas would eat Pagan MIn's lunch(because Pagan Min is a metrosexual and he makes a light yet flavorful meal)
76561198026880281,Not Recommended,298110,25163948,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,CptSchneck,"Beautiful graphics, cool story line for awhile then they kinda messed up with the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t they make you do, makes you kinda salty the way they make you do missions for absolutely no purpose to continue the story line and it automatically fails you when you are about to complete it for no reason, after 5 attempts of almost getting the end of a mission it ends and fails you for no explination then something is a little buggy. had fun for awhile. #deleted #wasteofmoney"
,Recommended,298110,13046531,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Dr. Lucifer Crow (Nvidia Shield),"If Nvidia helped, you know its good. Runs good at Ultra settings with Shadows turned down a notch. Don't need Soft shadows but gotta love those Godrays! XDIts a very good game. Excellent story and most of all, another psychotic and depraved antagonist."
76561198119799283,Recommended,298110,13083750,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Taco Meat,Way more user friendly than far cry 3 (i had it for xbox 360). looks stunning. you can ride elephants. no more need be said
76561197995128738,Recommended,298110,13456097,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Shake Zula,You will feel bad about yourself after finishing.
76561198153587787,Recommended,298110,13751814,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Poopsie Loopsie,"Super fun, throwing rocks at rebels. Overall just too funny messing with animals. But this game is not as optimized so it may be hard to play the game. I opened the game for the first time, over 60 fps, second time i opened it, couldnt even move due to so much lag. Finally fixed it and it's good for now. Super fun,Sticking C4's on the rhino's butt10/10"
,Recommended,298110,14049681,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Hang Tuah,"i bought season pass, but i didnt get Durgesh Escape."
,Recommended,298110,14440561,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Nugget tenders,"A guy meets a hooker in a bar. She says, ""This is your lucky night. I’ve got a special game for you. I’ll do absolutely anything you want for $300, as long as you can say it in three words."" The guy replies, ""Hey, why not?"" He pull his wallet out of his pocket, and one at a time lays three hundred-dollar bills on the bar, and says, slowly: ""Buy.... me.. guns.""Far Cry 4 10/10"
,Recommended,298110,21190455,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,ZwartLiska,"Far Cry 4 is a game set in the Himalaya mountains. Starring Ajay Ghale, a man who returned to the region Kyrat, where he grew up before going to America, to scatter his mother's ashes; fulfilling her last wish before she died.PROS:+ Huge open explorable area+ Superb graphics, on a lower setting too+ Rich, traditional and cultural environment+ Big assortment of nicely detailed guns that both feel and sound satisfying+ Most guns can be equipped with accessories (barrels, scopes and magazines) and multiple paint colors+ The story has multiple times in which you can pick a choice. Even the choices subvert into more choices to make+ A lot of cool vehicles; both traditional and rural vehicles as cool, nautical and airborne vehicles. A wingsuit and parachute too+ Has co-op+ Expandable with various DLC packsCONS:- The difficulty curve is wonky; even on easy, dying is very frequent and just single enemies hit you for multiple times in a row. This often riles you up, making you always carry a heavy machinegun to be assured you'll survive- Certain damage sources are vague and inconsistent, like those of the wingsuit- Quite some missions from the campaign could use more checkpoints, especially those that require precise movements and/or actions (i.e. climbing)- Keybindings cannot be altered. This may not sound a big deal, but certain actions are bound to the same key, thereby prone to causing problems- Especially in conjunction with the con mentioned above, climbing bell towers can be a tedious task- Some enemies and a lot of animals can absorb ridiculous and unrealistic amounts of bullets, while on the other hand, they can incapacitate (""stun"") you momentarily, leaving you vulnerable for enemy fire and depleting your health in matter of just secondsFar Cry 4 is best described as what happens when you throw Far Cry 2, Far Cry 3 and Far Cry 3: Blood Dragon together. The creators have taken all of the good parts of each game. For example: environment style from Far Cry 2, mechanics and story items from Far Cry 3 and gunpower from Far Cry 3: Blood Dragon.While this game has quite an unfairly low (if not ridiculous) rating of 76% positive (by comparison), I find this game a very worthy one in the franchise on multiple levels. While it is true that this game looks the most like Far Cry 3, it's still completely different at the same time.This game is definitely worth being in any action fan's collection.Note: sometimes bugs. I've heard this mostly from other people, but to be honest, I rarely found any bug myself, let alone one that severely screwed up my game. Coming from someone who does not exactly happen to own a great/fast PC.My rating: 8.5/10"
,Recommended,298110,13150105,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Brassow,Drove a 4 wheeler off of a 200 meter cliff and survived. 11/10
76561197978848013,Not Recommended,298110,13101016,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,downyours,"Honestly one of the worst games I have played in a while. I wish there was a numbering scale so I could rate it a 1. To say that it is recommended or not is an understatement. While I understand making a game ""hard"" is one thing, to completely change the dynamics halfway through is another. I dont understand, did they not play the game through after they finished coding it? The game doesn't follow. A throwing knife most of the way through the game will kill, unless you are playing certain levels, in which case it will just irritate the baddies. The storyline doesn't make a whole lot of sense, and the game is optimised mostly for Co-op. It utilizes the same graphics engine, same basic design principle, even the same sounds!! To say the least I am dissappointed. Ubisoft is getting soft. All of the other Far Cry games pushed the envelope. They even used a new graphics engine each time. The only thing new is the area you're playing in. Same idea, same guns, same stupid AI, just a different ""area"". Want to unlock a new portion of the map? Better climb a radio tower!! UBISOFT is not the same developer as they used to be. They, and this game are a bitter dissapointment.I have purchased all of the Far Cry games and this is the worst by far; its also the last I will ever purchase. Basically, the main difference is you can ride an elephant. And basically,  I paid $60 to ride one. Don't fall for it. This game isn't worth the money. Wait until is goes on sale for $10 and maybe buy it then."
76561197993571013,Not Recommended,298110,22852766,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,CECE,"The game would be an alright, graphically upgraded Far Cry 3, but it just keeps crashing (farcry has stopped working), and the problem is pretty common, so i cannot recommend this game even if it's on a huge sale. Play with 3, basically the same."
76561198068876824,Recommended,298110,15120569,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,no1schmo,"Basically, this game is Far Cry 3 all over again. The mechanics and graphics are basically the same with minor improvements. It's big, it's fun, and you should buy it. However, it has one major flaw; the writing is TERRIBLE. Just awful. It wasn't great in the last game, but it was simple, understandable, and fun. Here, it's boring, infuriating, contradictory, and lacks most of the fun and zaniness of the previous titles. Do NOT try to think about this game; story, characters, sidequests, collectibles, all of these are fundamentally flawed and it will hurt your brain to try to understand them. I hate turning my brain off, but if you can manage it, the game is a BLAST."
,Recommended,298110,13048289,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,EdelWaffe,You can do world domination with elephants by thrashing cars and hitting attack dogs as they go flying into a windshield at 50mph.
76561198036305218,Recommended,298110,14773338,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Shameful,They know what you have done.There is no hiding from them.Even dead their eyes follow you.Who knew Tapirs were so scary.
,Recommended,298110,14096166,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Munthai☝,I can tell just some things about this game super just buy it new story big map and alot of other stuf you can have alot of fun alone or with you'r friends online.
,Recommended,298110,18436844,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Gaming Grandma,Beat it in 30 minutes...11/10 would wait again
,Not Recommended,298110,13582005,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Thors_Might,WARNING*insert yellow triangle*you wasted your money on a game that doesn't work
76561198084362137,Not Recommended,298110,13354521,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,annoyedLeviathan,Do not buy this game.... Will not boot on any machine.... No Refunds are being offerd at this time... UbiSoft needs to get there s-h-i-t together..
,Not Recommended,298110,13574985,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Deaths_Shadow,"very very laggy, this game is almost impossible to play with a mouse because the game is so laggy. Game looks good graphics wize but has a lot of issues and needs fixing before ill play anymore!"
76561198044395866,Not Recommended,298110,13183649,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,dubs3tt3r,"If u hate snakes or got a snake phobia like me, don´t buy, don´t play it!I was nearly a Heartattack, at that evening i was playing 2-3 hours climbed off my Elephant and a green viper jumps right out off my 27"" Monitor straight in my face. I nearly jumped off my chair. I cannot play this game anymore. I got to burn the whole FarCryWorld down if i want to make any step more. Damn beasts, in FC3 it was hard on the limit and i shoot and burned every tow or anything that could be a snake down. In FC4 it is much more horror for me. to much.Gameplay and graphics, sound and ambient is good. Idk much about the story, i played only 6 hours.this is the first game ever that i can´t play and i played fps shooter, horrorgames and other stuff for nearly twenty years."
,Recommended,298110,13012174,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,nitsud,"I have no idea why people would say the multiplayer is unbalanced because one side has bows and they are underpowered... you can go invisble and use your explosive arrows to blow up an vehichle and use the blink arrow to tele out of danger, behind and enemy to kill them, or straight to the bombsite and defuse the mobility with the red syringe is just ridiculous too nobody can hit you. I love the multiplayer at first i hated it but then i learned the tricks and i fell in love both sides are pretty equal (if you know how to play them) and even if you switch between being the guys with guns and the guys with arrows so i dont see how it even matters. So the multiplay is defenitly a PRO. The campaign has more scavangeing and hunting wich is something i loved in far cry 3 the story isnt too bad but i cant say too much because im not that far in, the outposts are about the same but the fortresses are awesome and challenging. The coop is pretty fun if you can voice chat with who you are with its fun to go do outposts and especially fortresses with another person but there is somethings they could work on in coop but its about what i expected for farcry coop. I have loved all the past farcry games and i love this one!"
,Recommended,298110,13111216,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Hyybrid,"If you liked 3, this is more of the same. Story seems kind of stupid until the very end where everything gets tied together and  it suddenly becomes brilliant. You'll probably need at least a mid range PC to run it properly, otherwise go console."
,Recommended,298110,19541585,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Slade the Unlucky,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G8OXpWtFGHQ
,Not Recommended,298110,13612435,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,harry.johnmartin,no.
76561198164161664,Recommended,298110,14448785,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Meet the Derp,"The intro was good and I will avange that monkey!Day 62. Still trying to avange Johny. I'M SO ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ PISST IM GOING TO KEEL DAR OSASYZ (""OSASYZ"" =♥♥♥♥♥Eagle comes in and attacks me i scream like a little girl21/10"
76561198049847962,Not Recommended,298110,13582198,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,cbriggs1134,♥♥♥♥ no dont buy
76561198007798044,Recommended,298110,13751678,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Dragon,"Far Cry 4 is an amazing game. As Rabi Ray Rana says: ""you could live here forever, literaly, and still discover more."
76561198056711409,Recommended,298110,13881610,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,phills14,"-Slaughtered an entire camp of Kyrati soldiers.-Has one block of health left-Fends off a tiger-Runs out of ammo-Got killed by a lone honey badger.101/100 would get mauled again.Also, anyone with black bars along the top and bottom of the screen, download this and run by alt tabbing when in game and out of menu:{LINK REMOVED}http://www.mediafire.com/download/14t0g8le0onegf0/FC4_BlackBars_fix.rarThat'll remove the black borders until the official Ubisoft patch fixes it."
,Not Recommended,298110,13978556,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,skratsas,"Buggy, do not buy. Progredded 39.11% through game and all of a sudden game is no longer saving."
76561197991070347,Recommended,298110,13828939,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,mattzahn87,Great Game!
76561198085530476,Recommended,298110,13863650,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,BotanicalDafi,"Hunted Rhinos with C4, went on a killing spree with an eleffant, flew with a wingsuit and hit a tree full on. 10/10"
76561198080995481,Not Recommended,298110,13976493,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,BeneathxSuicide,I purchased the game when it came out and I still cant play it.I have tried everything that I know of except for upgrading to windows 8. Ive contacted uplay and nothing has been done about it. I even clean booted my pc and it messed up all of my steam files and I had to validate every game indiviually. I wish I could play the game so ill probably break down and get it on xbox one.
76561198170800366,Recommended,298110,13760014,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Cain,"Don't get me wrong, i've seen the game when its loaded right and its amazing but be careful, I tried to play it on my new computer but the computer has a dual core processor, at the moment i'm writing this, FAR CRY 4 DOES NOT WORK ON A DUAL CORE PROCESSOR, people are still hoping for a patch to fix the game as it is already known that its specs CAN work on a dual core but ubisoft coding means it WONT"
,Not Recommended,298110,13868941,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,R H O D E S I A  N A T E,"My time with this game has been very brief, but with good reason. I feel that this game is bland and trivial with how the developers made it. I feel as if they Far Cry 3's mechanics and pasted them into Far Cry 4. The story of Far Cry I fould to be to bland and not exciting, I found the main character to be generic and uniteresting, unlike the Far Cry 3 protagonist. I also found myself coming back on each day thinking somehow, what I though about this game was gonna be different, but not to my suprise I was let down even more, expecting something to change, with that last statement being said. Did I ever tell you the definition of insanity?3/10"
76561197990996876,Recommended,298110,25391898,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,SippyCup,"Great FPS, cool weapons, surprisingly good storyline."
,Recommended,298110,14019957,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Bhn,What gun would jesus use?
76561198063158068,Recommended,298110,26533232,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Nazakur,"I wish steam allowed a ""Meh"" rating.The graphics, sound and music are excellent.The plot is a bit bare, but that's somewhat normal for Far Cry games. Ubisoft is really pushing cooperative gameplay, but none of my friends own this game. Bummer.The sheer number of collectibles in this game is astounding...and most of them mean nothing. You have to collect a few to unlock access to the highly customized ""signature"" weapons, but other than that I don't really see a purpose unless you're after Uplay achievements. A couple diary entries are something that you can read, but the propaganda posters and killer masks are simply collectibles for the sake of collecting.My main criticism is that in other far cry games your resources are limited. In this game I have to make deliberate effort to empty my wallet. Just by following the course of the campaign you will end up with more money than you can use. If money is never going to be a finite resource for players, why bother having a monetary system in the game?Previous Far Cry titles also had some companions. I get the feeling that Ubisoft wanted the cooperative play to replace this, but that's dependent on the end user having friends who also play this title.While this game is entertaining, I question a few of the design choices as far as creating meaningful content and the itemization feels very off.Edit: After beating the game, my original review hasn't really changed. It feels very similar to Farcry 3 but the plot feels more bare. A lot of the racing challenges have leaderboards that were obviously hacked/glitched (<1 second race times). It's worth a buy if it's on sale.NOTE This game runs very poorly on Nvidia GPU's with Windows 10 OS. The game does not like to run in windowed borderless or fullscreen modes, and stops responding constantly. I'm running a GTX 980 so performance really shouldn't be an issue."
76561198094721398,Recommended,298110,14440553,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Miker19,I LOOOOVE THIS GAME I HAVE ALL FAR CRYS FARCRY1 FARCRY2 FARCRY 3 AND NOW FARCRY 4  IF YOU AND CRY TO THE END OF THE TITLE IT SOUNDS LIKE 4CRY 4CRY
76561198086918362,Not Recommended,298110,15403635,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Skredde,"Karma Event Completed! -""Great!"" -""Now i can continue with the sucky stor..*KARMA EVENT INCOMING!! RESCUE HOSTAGES!! *A minute later* -""Alright now i can continue without being interru.. KARMA EVENT INCOMING!! DESTROY THIS TRUCK OR GET IT TO THE OUTPOST IN THE OPPOSITE DIRECTION OF THE MISSION THAT YOU ARE HEADING FOR!!! -""SON OF A ♥♥♥♥!!"" -""LEAVE ME ALONE!!!!!"""
,Recommended,298110,14323632,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,IT'S KOA!!!,Tigers. Elephants. Bears. Oh my.
76561198149115728,Not Recommended,298110,14242966,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,AssasinOfNight,Doesnt work :(
76561198051707964,Not Recommended,298110,17148342,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,rawGameR,game wont even open i have a blank black screen dont buy this
76561198280604204,Recommended,298110,32229580,Posted: 6 June,all,Քաժուլ,I shot a pig...
,Recommended,298110,15771105,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Buck The F*cking Weasel,best game ever ...
,Recommended,298110,22193639,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Bowser Jr.,"If you enjoyed Far Cry 3 and want more of the same, then Far Cry 4 will satiate your cravings.  The setting is a nice change from the tropical island world of Far Cry 3.  The gun play is solid and I appreciate the attention to detail with some of the gameplay elements.  Taking enemy outposts without being detected is extremely fun, and probably what I enjoyed most about the game.  The story is pretty ridiculous, which is the point I suppose.  I didn't bother to finish the story, as I just didn't care enough.  The co-op was pretty lackluster, but that's not why I play Far Cry.  It's still inadequate to see something half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥though.Pros:+ Setting (absolutely beautiful open world)+ Plenty to do in the world, although slightly tedious+ Nice implementation of wildlife+ Solid gun play+ Visuals are good (2014 standards) and decently optimized (good SLI scaling as well)Cons:- Absurd and disengaging story that takes itself too seriously for how dumb it is- Co-op is pointless- The replay value is fairly low if you've played a lot of Far Cry 3Grade: B-"
76561198040693577,Not Recommended,298110,22419527,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Flacker9977,"I can honestly say this is the buggiest big title game I've tried to play. I was plauged by crashes ON STARTUP, along with keyboard and mouse issues (such as not being able to shoot). I can understand such things if the game just came out, or if I didn't meet the system requirements but sadly the game is now almost 2 years old and I have an AMD fx6300 and GTX970 by EVGA. Thankfully the Steam refund saved me, so I can't complain too much."
,Recommended,298110,17418839,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Zach,"Fun game. I really thoroughly enjoyed it, but multiplayer felt kinda clunky to me. Definitely better in single player."
76561198107018637,Recommended,298110,18588641,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,HerrBucket,"The gameplay is like Far Cry 3 but better,the story is like Far Cry 3 but worse.I like it (10/10)"
76561198120084779,Recommended,298110,18591553,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,tilougil,Great Game!
,Recommended,298110,18660695,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Vengeful_Souls,"This is a great game that largely plays off of Farcry 3.But it has elephants, yetis, and tigers. Whats not to like?+Awesome mostly everything-Story is ok, could be better."
,Recommended,298110,19026307,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,King Jackmode,"The most fun I've had in a game in a long, long time. Makes up for the disappointment that is launch Fallout 4."
,Recommended,298110,19568984,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Tedz,"have 24,000 rupees worth of vintage porn and 30,000 used condoms in my inventory 10/10"
76561198034562167,Recommended,298110,18884139,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,imm0destm0use,5/5
76561198139554530,Recommended,298110,18713141,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,flopi,GOOD GAMES
76561198035199885,Not Recommended,298110,13603628,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,cain13_au,"It's hard to write a review of Far Cry 4 - Seeing as how I can't even start the dang game!! Am running a reasonably high-end  PC with Nvidia GeForce 780 Ti x 2 in SLI, quad-core i7 4820K and 32Gb of RAM. Have validated files, activated keys, tried running in both SLI mode and with only one card active, all to same effect... get to the ""Far Cry 4 - Press Any Key"" stage, press a key, and game crash to black/charcoal grey screen. Have to Ctrl+Alt+Delete  to close it out in Task Manager.  Have unplugged joystick peripherals, switched off extra processes etc, all to no avail.  And, I'm not the only one. The web is awash with complaints of similar nature. The game has been out for over a month now and no word from Ubisoft indicating a fix. Very disappointed, and a waste of money. I don't recommend purchasing this game until there's a fix. Before you pay good money, do your research first, beyond Ubisoft's hype and advertising, and see if they've fixed this problem first."
,Recommended,298110,26165639,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,uxagency,"Forget people whining about 'why anoher far cry it's the same game' etc I have no idea why people say that. i mean, why not??PROBSAll the stuff you will see in general, weaker story than 3, boring characters, but looks nicer, runs quite badly, crashes too much, these are all true.my weird bug is maybe 1  in 3 launches, no sound.ALSO it is very hilly mountain region, which gets old climbing up and sliding down all day long everywhereCOOLIOSBUT there's a great game in there trying to get out too - fun shooting and sneaking...if only there was a project manager at ubisoft like there is on the witcher series who actually cares about detail quality control, and wants to release finished product it woulda been a great gameBut as we all know, product quality comes a distant second place far too often with those peopleBUY IT ON SALE BUT NOT FULL PRICEBE PREPARED TO BE ANNOYED BY BUGSPRETEND IT'S A BETA VERSION YOU ARE TESTING as it will never be finishedAND YOU'LL BE COOL"
,Recommended,298110,30313120,Posted: 4 March,all,Martee,Best game! Still haven't finished it tho xd
76561198169495348,Recommended,298110,25525942,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,BG,"FarCry 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 I love FarCry Series.You must play FarCry im recommend this game"
,Recommended,298110,31939307,Posted: 24 May,all,Pickle Rick,"Great Game, Great graphics for this type of game and cant wait for FARCRY 5"
,Recommended,298110,19421341,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,England's my city,abcdefg
76561198188128485,Not Recommended,298110,28925430,Posted: 1 January,all,Nutzz,just fix the black screen pls
,Recommended,298110,22487572,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,lazy,*Buys game*      I LOVE IT     *Buys every DLC for said game*    ITS AMAZING       *Wallet is empty and you are poor now*
,Recommended,298110,28933346,Posted: 2 January,all,ascendant,i hate this game
,Recommended,298110,22489998,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Rampage Jackson,Awesome game.
76561197983191408,Not Recommended,298110,17641129,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,jayaitch,"Very poor, almost as poor as far cry 2. Hilariously silly story line, full of mystic crap that adds nothing to the game. Constant cut scenes with boring dialogue. Guy who does the voice acting for the main character (can't even remember his name) needs to man up, sounds like a wimp every time he runs out of air or gets shot. All vehicles are spectacularly bad and nearly impossible to control, especially the wingsuit, land in water or die! Long scenes e.g. the descent from the mountain escaping from Durgesh prison via the wingsuit, which provide a personal reaction closer to boredom and frustration rather giving a sense of achievement. Another classic is ""Payback"" where you fight in a dreamlike sequence to kill Kalinag (what a bore!) and awake to find you've killed Yuma and her guards, what a pile of bunkum. Then there's the next mission after this where you're told to take cover from the oncoming artillery fire, what you're not told is that there's only one place you can hide, anywhere else and you're gone. A grudging 4 out of 10. My rating: Crap. Don't bother trying to ""freeKy rat!"". The only high point for me was finding out how to turn off the music an hour into the game,"
,Not Recommended,298110,18478448,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Mpezent,Dont get if you have dual core.
76561198127974916,Not Recommended,298110,13191319,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,David Ivan Harold Benjamin Creen,I try to open the game and it goes to Uplay i dont know why and it says it needs an activation code if you know whare to find it please tell me
76561198066935934,Not Recommended,298110,13191305,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,elaron15,This Game Sucks Ubisoft and Steam selling games that dont even work. Waste of $60 i ever spent not recomended
,Not Recommended,298110,21449079,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Axel,"They tried to make lightning striek twice except the storyline is dumb only pagan is a half intresting character and he still a huge cliche. The world map is made entirly of mountains and horrible to navigate. Kyrats main import is quadbikes the ♥♥♥♥ing things are everywhere. Just to say again story makes no sense some kid turns up in kyrat gets handed an uzi and starts mowing people down like its nothing. Atleast in farcry 3 there was a real character arc.There is nothing new in the gameplay from far Cry 3.. nothing.. infact it feels worse because of how cheap and taccy it feels, glad I waited until this was on offer but still regret buying it.People defend this game saying its ""silly fun"" its not silly its dumb and it certainly isnt fun. Far Cry 3 blood dragon is silly fun, go play that."
,Not Recommended,298110,28700541,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Ryne,"A bit crash-happy, and even with good hardware (4770K/GTX 1080) there are quite a few bits of random fps drops. Doesn't seem too well put together, and it's Ubisoft. We're luckly they updated it after launch at all. Too bad."
76561197985177086,Not Recommended,298110,19559718,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,DeveN,All fun and all but no restart bonus to see other endings & No Pegan mihn side missions♥♥♥♥♥♥me off
,Recommended,298110,25906484,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,ArigatoKushi,Rlly good Quality XD. 10/10
,Recommended,298110,34243093,Posted: 14 August,all,CryptXacaron,"I first got this game at my local second hand game shop for my xbox 360 and I throughly enjoyed playing it, it had a brilliant story and outstanding graphics. I enjoyed it sooo much I decided to buy it again on steam and use my beastly graphics card to pump it up ten-fold and what can I say, it was stunning, absolutely stunning!Definelty think about buying this game and prepare to fall off your seat with excitement.10/10"
,Recommended,298110,13163749,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Krempanter,10/10 Honeybadgers don't care
76561198065328374,Not Recommended,298110,13222929,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,lookVbehindVyou,ITS CRAP I CANT EVEN GET THE GAME STARTED IM GOING TO SUE THEM IF MY GAME IS NOT WORKING BY THE END OF NEXT WE ITS BEEN 2 WEEKS
76561198184931137,Recommended,298110,34679208,Posted: 2 September,all,Fr0Styy,Best Game Everrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
76561198220159743,Recommended,298110,34764013,Posted: 5 September,all,✪Gherasim✪,The best game ever!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,298110,30415303,Posted: 9 March,all,ziD,""" 49 reais bem gastos "" - Zé"
,Not Recommended,298110,24186023,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,NewJourneysFire,"I really wanted to like this game, and I tried very hard to because of the hype.Lets get this straight. I like FPS games, and I like open world games, I like driving games, I like survival games, and I like Assassin's Creed games. You'd think this game would have everything to offer. But this game just feels like a mesh mash of all those things without any clear focus on what it actually wants to be.But this series just feels like a cash grab to me. There's absolutely no thought put into the actual gameplay, and most of the experience just felt like a frustrating mess. This game plays it too safe to stick with things that are popular and modern so much that good gameplay is not even a priority here. This is something I'm actually beginning to expect from Ubisoft games in general, and it's also why I think the company has been getting negative reception lately.The point of video games is to enjoy them, but I felt this entire experience was frustrating and boring.I'll try to return to this one day, but for now I just can't play this game anymore."
,Not Recommended,298110,29280313,Posted: 15 January,all,Roguer,"Not bad in single player, Uplay can bite it though.. But what really irritates me - I bought 2 copies of this game to play co-op with my teen kid, and you can't even play story missions in co-op .. absolutely lame♥♥♥♥♥♥ Waste of money."
,Not Recommended,298110,22646606,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Caffeine,"I wouldn't buy FC4 unless it was less than $10. The actual killing/gunplay feels fun, but everything in between (horrible physics, requiered missions, unskippable cutscenes, multilpe times where they take away your gear, etc.) is ungodly annoying and kills the enjoyment of the game. Also some of the required missions are really painful to get through mechancally."
76561198020269535,Recommended,298110,13856406,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Pulledtrigger,"A friend grappled on my helicopter and was dangling from a rope below, he then smashed into a bell tower I was flying over. He died. 10/10."
,Recommended,298110,13843018,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,RoboCobra,2 Far 4 Me 2 Cry
,Recommended,298110,28892836,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Rainbow Cookie,The Far Cry series was always the best for me. Far Cry 4 is by far my most played on Ps4 and starting it on PC. I just like all the new animals and how the atmosphere looks. I remember playing Far Cry 3 and that was a great game too but Far Cry 4 really did add a lot more new things and stuff.The Co-op system is my like my most played thing on here. Far Cry 3 did have co-op but it wasn't my favorite or very fun but on Far Cry 4 you can actually do the main campaign and do others with another person like take over outposts or hunt or do whatever. It's like a free open world for 2 players and it's surely fun. I just wish Far Cry 3 had that instead of adding new missions for co-op and not letting us roam around the map and do whatever we want.But still I do love all the far cry games and I really do enjoy this one for sure.
76561198131049222,Not Recommended,298110,13584075,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,patnickrules,"The momment I got to the store and got a $60 gamecard for steam, I got soooo HAPPY, when I got homeI downloaded the Game and it took me a whole day. ONCE ITS FINALLY FINISHED, I PLAY IT, AND A BLACK SCREEN SHOWS UP TO RUIN MY LIFE'S LONG DREAM. WHY,WHY, WHY!!! I WAS GETTING THE GAME I ALWAYS WANTED AND I ENDED UP LOOKING AT A DARK, BLACK, FARTING SCREEN!!!!WASTE OF PURE $60 BUCKS."
76561198017162085,Recommended,298110,14042492,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Samthesham,"Good game, really enjoyed playing it."
,Not Recommended,298110,21412767,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,HippityHoppity,"It's alright, that's all, alright.You might as well just get Far Cry 3"
76561198195979325,Recommended,298110,30023858,Posted: 18 February,all,The_Entitled_Brit,I Highly recommend this game.It has a large variety of weapons and vehicles which are all fun to use.In addition their are fun events to participate in like fighting in an arena.
,Not Recommended,298110,23621395,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,menacingfox,"I experienced many bugs and glitches,the most frequent was a black screen between every cut scene and loading screen that would only go away sometimes when Alt+Tab out of the game and back in.Objects and npc's that you need to interact with not appearing or not responding preventing me from advancing and several times the game crashed.For others the game may run fine but for me I had lots of problems,sadly I can't recommend this game."
,Recommended,298110,13033475,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Iniquity,THIS IS MORE ADDICTING THEN COOKIE CLICKER.
,Recommended,298110,13039976,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,CthePredatorG,"This is not what I would call ""Far Cry 4"".This is closer to what I would call ""Far Cry 3 v2.0"".And that, in my opinion, is great!8.5/10P.S.: To anybody that has a low-end PC like me, if you are unable to run the game smoothly on higher settings, but don't want to sacrifice the graphic detail of the game, believe me when I say the game still looks great on the ""Low"" graphics preset. Trust me.P.P.S.: If you have an NVIDIA graphics card, and would like to tweak the game to a further extent (Be it for Quality or Performance) check out NVIDIA's tweak guide here:http://www.geforce.com/whats-new/guides/far-cry-4-graphics-performance-and-tweaking-guide"
,Recommended,298110,26745987,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Aayushrn25,"PROS:- Good Graphics- Kind of vivid World- Open World- Partially Customization- ""Open-World"" Coop- Many Side-Quests- Map Editor- Very good Motion-Capture- Sometimes you really get funny WTF Moment's, trust me I've been laughing my ♥♥♥ off sometimes just by exploring the world and doing stuff.- Some new Vehicles. F.e. GyrocopterCONS:Can't co-op with my friends...... i dont know why(Note- i have unlocked the co-op mode)CONCLUSION;I like this game because of its amazing graphics and get about 85-93 fps on ultra settings with my i7 6700k and gtx 1070"
76561197968377399,Not Recommended,298110,30590441,Posted: 18 March,all,UncleNasty,Very pretty. Gameplay is awful. Controls are appalling. Feels like a console game badly mapped onto PC.
76561198170235874,Recommended,298110,13754982,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Pinekonez,!#$@!#^%$(&%#@($%@!#$%!@*(%$(*!@#%(!@*#%$(&^@#%$)(&%#^$%!@#(&^$#$
,Not Recommended,298110,18651422,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,CREEK FREAK,this♥♥♥♥♥♥wont even ♥♥♥♥ing start everyone at ubisoft are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and the deserve to be tortured for making me pay full price for a game that doesnt ♥♥♥♥ing work ♥♥♥♥ you ubisoft
,Recommended,298110,13301000,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Legion,A good Game to play very beautiful and fun but also some times frustrating. The campain missions are fun but while in co-op you cant play the campain together.
,Recommended,298110,21183566,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,DaN,"Can't recommend this game enough. Fun gameplay, great story and characters and entertaining open world and Co-Op. ♥♥♥♥ all this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t about it being too similar to Far Cry 3. It is similar in gameplay but not in the world. The new story and world is worth the price alone"
76561197993790387,Recommended,298110,13764915,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,{602} Kickballhead,"Good game, it's a lot of fun.  It is a good game that is a lot of fun."
,Not Recommended,298110,30527746,Posted: 15 March,all,evantuttle,"This game will corrupt a save file (such is life), but instead of just letting you go back to the last clean save, it will permanently lock the entire save function. You won't be able to save again at all. So sick of Ubisoft rolling out shoddy games. Thought I was safe after 2+ years in market, but apparently they don't bother to fix bugs. Quantity and show over quality with Ubisoft. I'm boycotting them (with the exception of AC games, unfortunately) until they change their approach significantly."
76561198074577215,Not Recommended,298110,30842460,Posted: 30 March,all,Mr. X,Well my game crashed about 15 minutes into the starting cutscene... and there's no way to skip it. I think that's as good of a reson as any to give a bad review. I knew I should've stuck to my original plan of boycotting Ubisoft... so irritated.
,Recommended,298110,13038674,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Shakkas and footy,Killed by a honey badger10/10
76561198069396130,Recommended,298110,13411059,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Guy Fieri,"10/10, Beat the game in 10 minutes."
,Recommended,298110,18741369,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,I Love Cereal,TOTALLY worth the wait! Would bang 10/10
76561198120240796,Recommended,298110,25546731,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,ANII,this is decent game but more things to do i recommend you to try it sadly story is not upto the point but enjoy it till the end but DLC Valley if yeti is awesome
76561197971083534,Not Recommended,298110,19385132,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Mas,"I strongly advise against purchase of this game:1. Repeated crashing2. No co-op progressionI run a GTX980Ti (with latest drivers) on an Acer Predator XB270HU and the game has crashed on me five times since purchase.  Excluding cinematic time, customising video and keyboard settings and accouting for restarting the game 5 times, actual played time includes less than half an hour. Nothing I could do could get this game to run stable on such a high end machine.I expressly bought this game for co-op only to find out that co-op is limited to two players only and only the host has their game progression saved.  Keep in mind that you can only do side missions and neither player is able to progress the main story line in co-op.  In this day and age, such limitations on multiplayer is ridiculous!Overall, extremely disappointed with this game and do not recommend it to anyone!"
76561198008336441,Recommended,298110,13007062,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Thulsa_Doom815,"yes this game is a lot like Far Cry 3... Its Far Cry  for crying out loud. That being said. This game looks ♥♥♥♥ing awesome. whats new,, well for one you can set your car on auto pilot, so you can aim and shoot things, and the grappling climbing is pretty cool too. graphics look amazing. The open world wow... Just you try and kill a Rhino with a AK and see what happens... If you didnt like Far Cry 3 then you probably wont like this. there  is so much to do in this game, and its new so yeah 60 bucko, if you have a ps4 or xboxone its 65. if you dont like the price wait for the summer sale. trust me price will drop. if you really want the game and cant afford it get a ♥♥♥♥in job.my Rig... GTX 780 TI, 32 gigs 2666 of unnecessary ram, i7 4930k cpu, 27 inch 2k res most settings on ultra, not everything game runs smooth, still im sure it runs better on my pc than ps4, and xboxone"
,Not Recommended,298110,16487553,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Jet What,Unskippable cutscenes
,Recommended,298110,17936422,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Jombles,Honeybadgers can take 4 arrows before dying8/8 g8 m8
76561198114128669,Not Recommended,298110,13983806,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Scary_115,what is this i need help???? cd key or activation code required can help me with that what the code or the key is?
,Not Recommended,298110,13985009,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,YUNG ANTUAN,game won't run all i get is a black screen pretty lame thanks for just taking my 60 dollars.my computer is also well over being able to run this pos.
,Not Recommended,298110,33310990,Posted: 6 July,all,CroW-,Doesn't start on my pcI5-44608gbs ramGtx 750TiGigabyte motherboard
,Not Recommended,298110,14342799,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,lick a MAN,Oh my god this game is so♥♥♥♥♥♥compared to every other Far cry game it's so boringJFH JHRJGJRNFEJMLFLAWEFNEFJKEJLMND OLUHF97ERGVFVN WEIHFRJFMKRLNF QOPDFHEPF[JEPFHPNFDJKFBWEPAFO.
,Recommended,298110,13018379,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Lunafreya Nox Fleuret,Not Bad
76561198059304478,Not Recommended,298110,16696740,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Officer Pulaski,♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,298110,20446353,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,KriticalKat,Paid $31 for Far Cry 4 GoldSpent 46 hours playingWorth every cent
76561198085870950,Not Recommended,298110,18726263,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,LogicalPorkPie,Buy farcry 3 not this.....
76561198019976083,Not Recommended,298110,29426891,Posted: 22 January,all,mgiacomelli,"Obnoxious logins, endless add in software, autosaves everywhere make what should be a neat game a lot less fun to play."
,Recommended,298110,13114181,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Tweek,I made a best friend in this game.  His name is Frank.  He's an elephant.  NO ONE HURTS FRANK.
76561198038984899,Not Recommended,298110,30603877,Posted: 18 March,all,Dr. Blake,"A little underwhelming. By no means bad, but essentially a copy of Far Cry 3."
,Recommended,298110,13061868,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,SecretAsianMan,"""Like guns with Skyrim"""
76561198052308751,Not Recommended,298110,25105229,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,nekro9618,"So i bought this game during the discount week for the farcry series. After sitting through an unskippable game intro and cutscenes i could finally play the game. I enjoyed it for a while. Fast forward 3 hours later, i went back and rebooted the game back on after taking a long break. The game crashed, after i arrived at the ""Press any button"" screen. Can't fix nor refund it because i wasted 3 hours on it.15 bucks for a triple A game is cheap but having this bug still in the game, after a whole year is unacceptable."
,Recommended,298110,13573783,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Glimsyy,"Animals do the missions for you, Used condom, too much money. 10/10 would animal again."
76561198213740293,Recommended,298110,30743514,Posted: 25 March,all,...,The best shooter for me <3
,Recommended,298110,25073345,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Stuka01210,This game is full of drugs. Love it
,Recommended,298110,15977115,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,.Zero,This game is awesome10/10
,Not Recommended,298110,13701074,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,CALIBO,One of the worste Ubisoft games I've ever played.
,Recommended,298110,30255009,Posted: 28 February,all,Khaneliman,"Definitely a fun buy. Beautiful world and very fun gameplay. The crafting system encourages you to go and enjoy hunting in the beautiful landscape they create for you. Loads of fun side quests litter the map for you, as well. Highly recommend."
76561198021790638,Not Recommended,298110,33735243,Posted: 22 July,all,Ostie,"Crashes to desktop when joining a friend in co-op mode.  He joines my game, he crashes.  I join his game, I crash.Did a google search and this issue is over 2 years old.  Come on Ubisoft.  Fix your♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197979991598,Not Recommended,298110,33787677,Posted: 25 July,all,Saisel9i,"♥♥♥♥♥load of bugs, lags and freezes. Looked up on the internet and this is the case for a lot of other players since the launching day. As always, Ubisoft does not develop patches to fix the isues and players have to find a solution on their own. This is for sure the very last game I buy from this studio."
,Not Recommended,298110,33822182,Posted: 26 July,all,InhaleTheBong,"This game doesn't let you skip through the story scenes or more importantly, the opening credits.Uplay takes up my ram and I need it in the background or I can't play far cry.Umay have a 1 star for your otherwise quality game."
76561198085330300,Recommended,298110,12993937,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Soviet_Gymnist,"To be honest, this game is wonderful to look at and it plays amazingly smooth for somebody with not the best pc, the movments are fluid and the story is great! Definatly get it if you have the money!"
,Recommended,298110,33741693,Posted: 23 July,all,Porschz,I spend 10 hrs for one day. Oh ! Who can keep me out form Far Cry. Very enjoy and just play for a month.
,Not Recommended,298110,14136483,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,UndeadTaco,I watch my cousin play this game on PS3 and it looks amazing but when i launch it on steam it wants me to get a Uplay account. So i got one and it wants a code to actually play the game and it said it will get emailed to me... BUT IT DIDNT. its a really good game and i have had this for about 3 months and it still didnt give me the email. SOMEONE HELP ME PLEASE
,Not Recommended,298110,21063508,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,AustrianMilkLady326,Unable to even launch the game due to the uplay service
76561198106939257,Recommended,298110,23988685,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Neytiri,"Loving this game. Already put a ton of hours into this game!It may seem like a reskin of Far Cry 3, but actually it feels like a total different game with the enriching capturing story that it offers.It does have similar elements to Far Cry 3, but it has a few more polishes.I simply bought this game because I just love the mountainous range that this game is set in.10/10"
,Recommended,298110,13775611,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,8bitfrenzy,"Sure, it's Ubisoft, and yeah they're known for making♥♥♥♥♥♥poor pc ports, but i'd strongly recommend this one, the proformence is to be expected with a Cryengine game, don't expect to run this game on ultra without a high-end rig.Anyways, this game runs fairly well after patches, which the game should have been optimizied in the first place, thank Ubisoft for that, but anyways this title runs fantastic with my 980 and the game has some recycled fetures from Farcy 3. This dosent bother my at all considering how great many other new fetures are, anyway get it if you have the money and a machine that can handle it."
,Not Recommended,298110,32996279,Posted: 29 June,all,brAin's | Nero,"Good game, not great BUT Uplay ruins everything, you can crash on start, it can lag your computer.I can`t play this game lauching from steam, it crashes everytime because Uplay crashes on start and i cannot play my game, i have to play it only using Uplay."
,Not Recommended,298110,22814717,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Harris Tweed,"Okay, this is a pretty good game. But.But, it features the single lamest cliche in video games since the days of coin ops: the repeating boss battle. Honestly, defeating the same boss over and over under slightly different circumstances is about the laziest form of level design known to man. Does anyone enjoy it? I played right up until the third time I was told ""Kill the boss! (again!)"" and quit. Might go back, might not."
,Recommended,298110,24503766,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Fenix#6913,illegal hunt game+ FAR from home+ CRY for helpless [prolog only]+ 4 times now
,Recommended,298110,30664200,Posted: 21 March,all,Mambo Floof [CRPG],Just Cause with out the grapling hook
,Recommended,298110,13336823,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Jon Snow,"I recently bought this game, and so far i am blown away, the amount of detail Ubisoft put into this is mindblowing, not to mention the amount of things to do!!!... the great part is that you don't have to play the other FarCry's to get a feel for the story... well done Ubisoft... well done"
76561198038571679,Recommended,298110,23076178,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,ZestyPresty,"This is a soft recommendation. If you've got a friend to play with, buy this game right now. You will not regret it if you have a buddy to rampage across kyrat with. If you plan on playing solo, only pick it up if it's on a killer sale (<$15) or if you loved Far Cry 3 and want more of the same. Emphasis on the sameness; not much new to be found in this sequel. Performance is fine. Uplay is balls, but I never had any issues. Again, one of the most fun coop games to date, mediocre alone."
76561198140056795,Recommended,298110,23125461,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,sommersowner,This game is a very good game i cant run the campain but the map editor is the best part and u can make big wars bears/tigers vs pirits super fun.
,Recommended,298110,26550591,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Dr_Exception,"This game is epic at first it seemed like far cry 3 with better graphics but the longer I played it the more I realized how much it does differ from the last generation.  The open world feature makes it the best as I can hop from one car to the next drive it off a cliff and then wing suit glide to safety, if that is not epic I don't know what is.  I did however have a glitch that made it so I could not get past the half-way point in the game witch was rather irritating but the gameplay was way fun none the less"
,Not Recommended,298110,18718612,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,The Scottish One,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME IF YOU HAVE A 980ti. The game will run for around an hour then either crash to desktop or crash entirely, no matter the setings. This doesn't seem to be happening to everyone, but it does to a large percentage."
,Not Recommended,298110,23452494,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,The Noobfather,"Copy/paste of FC3. Really dissappointing...looks like ""Primal"" is another copy/paste. Far Cry 3 was awesome, after that they are all the same. Terribly boring story (or lack of) and characters. Also for PC you have to jump through a bunch of hoops just to get rid of the built in mouse lag, which takes about 30 minutes to an hour to fix. Definitely not worth 60 dollars. Looks pretty, that's about it."
76561198212080979,Recommended,298110,20024593,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,chicken neega,witty banter
,Recommended,298110,20073820,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,TacoRalf,is gud
76561198327986499,Not Recommended,298110,33630173,Posted: 18 July,all,StingrayWarrior,The game crashes all the time and I can't save in the campaign The game looked really fun and I attemted to fix the issue but in the end the game remains broken I attemted to get a refund but because i went over the two hour limmit I am not able to so if you do buy this game and it is broken RETURN IT IMMEDIATELY OR YOU WILL BE STUCK WITH A BROKEN GAME!
,Not Recommended,298110,16739337,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,His Majesty TheEmperor of Russia,Uplay denies me from playing the game.
76561198272917307,Recommended,298110,30342077,Posted: 5 March,all,pugtato,omg soooooooo goooooooood
76561198006102139,Not Recommended,298110,30416236,Posted: 9 March,all,Lonewar,"The game is not user friendly, the pvp is useless, too many hacks ro cheats,"
76561198038081400,Not Recommended,298110,30715555,Posted: 24 March,all,RmeDave,"This game is a real LEMON, when I first played it I enjoyed teh fact that I did not have to go on Ubisoft and could play in stand alone mode. Soon after I purchased the game they must have updated it because now you must play on UBisoft's servers, and man they suck.  It took me about thirty minutes to get through the prelude alone, I had to do other things like laundry and shower then finally I was allowed to play the game and see the map.  It is still crappy on UBisofts server so BUYER BEWARE and Steam will not reimburse if you have played over a certain amount of hours, ridonkulous."
76561198122821171,Not Recommended,298110,16353816,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Capitan Von Ticklehoffen,"I loved Far Cry 3, so why do I not recommnd 4?.... One simple reason... uPlay. Remove this useless buggy crap and this will once again be a beautiful playable game."
,Recommended,298110,14200224,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Olympic Chinger #Splash,This game sucked my♥♥♥♥♥♥ What more can I say?8/8 Gr8 R8pe
,Recommended,298110,13675042,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Tundra Scorpion,"A great game and a hell of a good time: Far Cry 4 carried over all the best parts of Far Cry 3, improved what needed improving, cutting out the crap all the while setting itself up as a standalone title.Before I go into too much detail, I'm going to write a quick disclaimer: I liked Far Cry 3 for the most part, but there were a few parts that single-handedly killed a massive chunk of the experience. For more information, my Far Cry 3 review can be found here:http://steamcommunity.com/id/IWearLeatherShoes/recommended/220240Now to the topic at hand, Far Cry 4:To start off, FC4 takes place in a wonderfully rendered world. Set in the fictional country of Kyrat, the player takes in splendid visuals with bright and exotic color schemes offsetting the tall grey and white mountains of the mighty Himalayas, creating a very bright contrast resulting in some incredible and memorable environments. A perfect setting for an open-world guerrilla warfare game. As opposed to Far Cry 3, the setting has more steep, harsh vertical inclines that would ordinarily make movement restricted and difficult, but thankfully the developers took care and implemented fun and creative ways for you to explore this amazing world. Grappling hooks allow you to climb up cliffs and swing from ledge to ledge, a new vehicle in the buzzer (a miniature helicopter) lets you fly over peaks and valleys alike and of course, the return of the wingsuit. Climbing up to the highest mountain and not being able to soar off of it like an eagle would be a wasted opportunity, so the devs allowed the wingsuit to be purchased any time the player wants. You get it for free halfway through the game, but who in their right mind would want to wait until then? I really enjoyed the mountain environments over the tropical islands of Far Cry 3, being a Canadian built for the cold, I'd personally feel more at home in a couple layers of coats driving through a valley than sweating my hairy chest off in some bug-infested ""paradise"". Not a huge or even legitimate point in FC4's favor, but an example of how a players different preferences can add a lot to a gaming experience.The gameplay of FC4 is eerily similar to FC3, but thankfully that isn't too much of an issue since FC3 had a very well-built first person combat system, and carrying it over with a few tweaks makes a lot of sense and allows more budget to things that count. It's extremely open-ended and varied, you can approach the same situation in dozens of different ways, whether it'd be tactically minded and stealthy or guns blazing leaving a trail of swiss-cheesed corpses in the dirt. This time however, the stealth is much more challenging as the AI is more sophisticated. Enemies search an area thoroughly if they hear a sound coming from it and (annoyingly, I might add) sometimes spam the area in question with the new mortar cannon.To give more depth into why I feel Far Cry 4 is a direct upgrade to Far Cry 3: I'll start with the most important (in my opinion) part, the story. The story has improved tenfold and is more engaging than the previous game. The plot centers around Ajay Ghale, a tourist visiting from America to spread the ashes of his deceased mother in her homeland as per her last wishes. What Ajay doesn't know, however, is that he has ties to Kyrat and it's politics, and as soon as he sets foot in the country those ties ensare him and refuse to let go. A way better setup than ""a bunch of annoying rich white kids get kidnapped on an island"". The villian this time around is the self-declared king of Kyrat, Pagan Min. He's the one who forces Ajay into the chaos of civil war while being a self-admiring psychopathic jerk the whole time, delivering some entertaining dialogue throughout the game. Pagan Min himself is a pretty colorful character, but he doesn't come remotely close to Vaas from Far Cry 3. Where Vaas was purely insane, unpredictable and likeable in a ""I hate you"" kind of way, Pagan feels more restricted and falls short when it comes to being as memorable as Vaas.The Outposts make a return in Far Cry 4, and by god they are improved in so many ways. Firstly, outposts and territory isn't as ""black and white"" as they were in FC3. You can still encounter enemies in friendly territory although at a lesser magnitude. Enemy forces will also occasionally mount assaults to reclaim outposts you captured in retaliation convoys or full out ambushes, while this does add a lot of flavor to the game it can often get just as annoying after a while. You leave an outpost as you head out to do whatever it is you want, and as soon as you leave you get a radio message ordering you to come back and defend. This happens painfully frequently and feels like you're not allowed to leave to do what you want until the game says you can go.Enemy distribution is more varied, with new types of foes that really work to keep you on your toes, especially the hunters. They can see you when you're hiding in a bush, they don't give off detection meters so you have no idea when they can see you, they can control animals (what?) and only communicate by whistles. Making them deadly, hard to spot and devastating to the unaware player.Side missions are also improved, there are missions you can undertake for various characters who are each fun and inventive, and are genuinely enjoyable to interact with. Unfortunately, some of these side missions include the ""drug trip"" sequences similar to the ones in FC3. While there is legitimate reasons and believable explanations as to why you are hallucinating, these sequences still suck and aren't very fun to play through. Maybe if you're a stoner you'd enjoy it, but not me. Additionally, the terrible, out-of-place, contrived, incongruious and experience-ruining drug-trip boss battles are gone. That's right, GONE. No more working your way to a villain that you just want to shoot only to have control taken away from you for no reason and reducing the encounter to a series of quick-time events, because it's ""interperetive"". This time, when you fight one of the four main villains of the game the encounter is entirely realistic, and if there is a hallucination sequence at least there's an explanation for it instead of happening out of nowhere like in Far Cry 3.Out of all the side objectives, my favorite portion is the Shangri-La missions, which tells a story that is unique and interesting while also not being horribly distracting from the main game.Now to make some notes for the parts I didn't like: Far Cry 4 has horrible optimization that results in painful performance issues, regardless of your settings. AI is still laughably bad, where people driving cars are completely blind and plow through anything that's on the road. As well as the occasional visual, physics or animation bugs, but they really aren't as prominent as you'd might suspect.To conclude this review: Far Cry 4 is an incredible game, countless improvements in every field that create an experience that is more than worth checking out. This is the game I wanted in Far Cry 3. I 100% recommend Far Cry 4."
,Recommended,298110,13619929,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Sk1nnyjeans,"If you enjoyed Far Cry 3, then this game is for you. Most of the annoying bugs int he game have been fixed, so the game is far from broken at this point."
,Recommended,298110,13713444,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Billyblaze,not a bad game
76561198038214352,Recommended,298110,13658634,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Squared,"Far Cry 4 is essentially Far Cry 3- except with the compelling characters and story removed. It seems that in Ubisoft's rush to push out another Far Cry game, they've forgotten what made Far Cry 3 successful- not only was it fun, but it had a great story and the world you were messing around in was full of interesting characters. If you enjoyed Far Cry 3's mechanics, and aren't troubled by some gameplay stagnation, annoying characters and a hilariously awful plot, Far Cry 4 is a pretty good game.Now, I could take a long time to go over everything wrong with the plot and the characters and the presentation, but let's keep it (semi) quick. Your character has no decision making process, he does things simply because other characters tell him to. He seems to be embroiled in the conflict simply because he is superhuman. When I say superhuman I mean that besides the poorly explained ""skill tree"", the protagonist goes through no development. He shows up with practically the same stealth, weaponry and hunting abilities that he'll leave with. The skill tree adds takedowns, healthbars and syringe crafting (which never has any relevance to the plot- it's simply there and stays unexplained, unlike in Far Cry 3).The other characters are stereotypes that vary from boring to wacko and get little development or have any depth. In the main Golden Path missions, you choose between two ideologies whose only affect on the game is the objectives of the other missions you'll play. It's frustrating to play the main missions though, because despite the characters which represent the two ideologies constantly asking you to decide, you'll never be able to relieve any conflict or find common ground- after completing the mission the other character will yell at you and things don't seem to get any better.Unfortunatley this seems to be the only conflict in the game, aside from the enemy soldiers who shoot at you. The main antagonist vanishes after the opening cutscene, unlike in Far Cry 3 where you constantly interacted with him. His motives for being a stereotypical evil villian are unclear, he's simply ""the flamboyant evil ruler"". Some of his henchmen are more interesting, but they suffer similar fates of being seen in one or two missions, while you're told how evil they are in other contexts.Now, after three paragraphs of bashing the characters and presentation, I'm still going to reccommend the game. Mainly because there's nothing more satisfying than jumping off of a mountain, using your wingsuit to glide down a valley and just barely landing on a hill overlooking an enemy compound, only to use the next 15 minutes silently infiltrating, disabling the alarms, and finally methodically and silently killing all the soldiers there. It's awesome to be walking down a road towards some random thing on the map, only for an enemy vehicle to come screaming down the road with all intent to wreck you, but instead shooting an explosive arrow at it and watching it soar overhead in flames. Nothing is more fun than watching your pet tiger maul an ""evil demon"" while listening to someone recite ancient Indian epics in Hindi.Far Cry 4 can be a pretty fun sandbox, but I'm pretty sure this sandbox has some rabbit turds in it."
,Recommended,298110,13946580,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Solitario Leone,"This game is amazing! I've been a fan of the far cry series and this one is the best so far, so much to do. Alot of action and story. Some funny parts too. When youre not doing the main missions you have ton of side missions and LOTS of exploration and hunting! Its fun all around. I advise everyone to play this game"
,Recommended,298110,13652757,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Zora,Great game! :D
76561198056807327,Recommended,298110,13695312,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Master Spanks,Great Game couldnt be better!
76561197961088909,Recommended,298110,13600174,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Intrepid,"Everything is awesome, FC3 or better.. but ♥♥♥♥ you Uplay for the goddamn interface.. I DONT need another interface on top of Steam..   You cannot skip cutscenes either (wtf?? They're killing replayability)If you didn't like Far Cry 3, you won't care for this."
76561197990188583,Not Recommended,298110,21775574,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Sinatr,"Where to start? It's great, but dull. It's funny, but pointless. It's a boring variety. It's an overwhelming lonelessness.Good things:- graphics, music, UI, map, world, story.Bag things:- acting (those talking guys are weird.. all of them.. not event a single I like);- blue guys shooting into the air, I want to shoot them to shut their annoying shooting (but it's -50 karma);- too fast respawns: killing all fishes to dive and find self surrounded? easy.. reputation quest failed by animals? 90% of times..- coop.. is bad, is pointless, is frustraiting, is here for not reasons;- too fast despawn: killing something with sniper rifle and not running there asap means nothing is there.. ok...- AI is amazing.. nope it's not.. blue killing other blues by car.. running in circles animals.. civilians trying to park car vertically.. you on boat being killed by blues on boat (yes, there was no way to bypass my boat in the lake.. sarcasm);- one key consolish wonder.. use key is used for so many things.. very often you do what you don't want to do: activating wingsuit accidentaly  right in front of wall, entering car instead of looting, throwing your best weapon (and getting crappy AK-47) instead of looting, hitting air instead of takedown, etc.;- meat.. when you need it ""there is no predators nearby"", otherwise you don't need it;- elephants, it's only used to kill 30 enemies, then you will never use them again.. ever;- ragdolls (physics).. falling dead eagle proves spoon is not exists...- crashes, bugs, nvidia soft shadows.. crashes.. freezes.. did I mention bugs?- without ""-skipintro"" that what they did at the game start is so lame.. you think I care about game engine name if I have to wait 10 sec longer before being able to play.. every time?- auto-craft (makes medkits totally useless);The real problem for me was a motivation to play. I completed act 1, got 2mil $, all upgrades (except locked by main quest). Challenge is a luck competition: getting 2 rhinos in a middle of karma event or not getting? a tiger jumping on you in a middle of half-cleared in stealthy way base or maybe you prefer an eagle attack in a middle of fight? or would you like blue guys driving straight into you when you helping other blue guys? or how about 3d rhino (two and pack of wolves are dead) while all you want is to get unocuppied by animals place to start shooting from sniper rifle into enemy base? that's hard, because jungles fells like center of New York?"
76561197994490261,Recommended,298110,13711071,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,MigoGG,"The Co-op is damn funny =) We've had a pretty damn good time in the co-op for the last 10 hours =)Sadly the co-op is only for two players :I If you got a good friend to play it with, you definately should give it a try!"
,Recommended,298110,17870742,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,General Secretary Eric,"I jumped off of a cliff and parachuted into a funeral. The mourners stared at me as I landed, and then went back to cremating... 10/10 would intrude againSeriously, though. Far Cry 4 is a refined and improved experience over the previous itteration, although far too similar. Its still a lot of fun. ""How?"" You might ask. Well, just for example, you can ride elefants into battle and do drivebyes from a miniature helicopter... Yeah...A little advice for after you defeat the first outpost: ""GET TO THE CHOPPER!!!"""
,Not Recommended,298110,13753940,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Samgrim,broken cant even get past the first mission with out it crashing constantly ubisoft fix this♥♥♥♥♥♥i refuse to have to mess with game files when i paid for thisUPDATEive got the game working only thing is if i even attemt to use a controller itll screw the game up sumin serious so if u want to play this game do not use controllers all in all its a fun game with good content the reason why ive said no however is due to the lack of compatability and issues people are having
,Not Recommended,298110,18885314,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,MechanicalProtozoa,"This game will do a very good job of making you ""think"" that it is an amazing open world shooter with an amazing storyline and a lot of things to do. I will admit that the first few hours felt very free and I had a ton of fun having the choice to kill who ever I wanted and tackle missions in either stealthy or massacre methods. However, this trend gets old VERY fast. Let me be the first or perhaps the thousanth person to tell how much of a boring piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥this is. Sure maybe the first few hours are fun with great story and going from base to base freely blowing♥♥♥♥♥♥up. Then you realize that the entire game is just literally the same thing over and over. Going from base to base, blowing♥♥♥♥♥♥up... for hours. The side missions are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, how many times are you going to get drugged up by the same two ♥♥♥♥ heads only to look for your guns and clothes over and over. Animals such as honey badgers/ tigers/ wolves/ bears will always spawn right on top of your character model as you are in stealth while spying on a forrtess. Getting caught by mortar units basically means you either have to reset or wait 30 min for the mortar units to shoot at you with infinite ammo only to be slightly out of range. Your allies are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ drivers and will constantly run you over. The storyline goes from ""oh cool"" to cheesy as ♥♥♥♥ VERY quickly. I won't spoil the ending, but lets just say nothing happens, you might as well as just never have played the game to begin with. The only way I could possible recommend this game is if you literally want to be bored to♥♥♥♥♥♥ I would rather do homework/ go to work/ stare at a wall than play this overrated♥♥♥♥♥♥fest."
,Recommended,298110,13676864,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Sad!,"The game is great and very similar to Far Cry 3 with similar side missions and hunting, the only problem I can say is that Uplay can be very.... Frustrating at times when it comes to playing Ubisoft games. 9/10"
,Recommended,298110,19190165,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Baba Yaga,Veri guud gaem veri guut kräphiks ant veri nais missions
76561197997653625,Not Recommended,298110,19388411,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Rodent,UPLAY SUCKS. CONTROLS SUCK. END OF STORY
,Recommended,298110,13806987,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Enoxbe,VERY NICE GRAPHICS !
,Not Recommended,298110,22414954,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Godfish,Its been a year and I still cant access the DLCUbisoft is without doubt the worst company in the business
76561198129618016,Recommended,298110,22263726,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Colonel Angus,"This is a really great game if you just want a well-polished, AAA first person shooter. It has awesome stealth, gunfights, random encounters, and an awesome soundtrack. I had a lot of fun, and that's what matters to me."
76561197969783899,Not Recommended,298110,21754556,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,x[zw],"Played a few hours, really enjoyed building up some weapons.Then I realized that wildlife is completely out of control. I can't go all stealth to take out camps, because when circling, I am ALWAYS attacked by a bear, or a pack of wolves. Out comes the assault rifle (because arrows don't do♥♥♥♥♥♥to aggressive animals, and melee attacks are useless.Then it's mortar rounds in your face.If there was a mod for this game that turned down the aggression on the wildlife, it would be worth playing, but for now? Someone should yell, in person, loudly, right in the game designers face.Total. ♥♥♥♥ing. Waste of time."
76561198101976577,Recommended,298110,21522499,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,dimitris_filostsou,"great graphics, great gameplay! even better than FC3! If you like the FC series it is a must!"
,Recommended,298110,15707392,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Lueur,this game is so fun like to play it waith my friends drew
76561198145171877,Not Recommended,298110,14560169,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,JJsmiles,"really terrible game. had SOOO many problems just getting the game to run, it wasn't worth the trouble. Probably won't be buying any ubisoft games in the near future. too many issues."
76561198116764186,Recommended,298110,15574492,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,-Waifu Ikaros-,"Its been a while ubisoft glad your back with great games :). This game is awesome, truly a great experience. DLC is iffy though kinda feels like farcry 4 but with a snow texture."
76561198278572585,Not Recommended,298110,21673338,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,da boss,i have lost my code to able the game??
,Recommended,298110,22029989,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,danny,gud game wud rec to peeps who liekd far cri 39/10 m8'sdefinitly ride elephnts duds
76561197971529782,Not Recommended,298110,22093254,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,eric,Poor multiplayer.
,Recommended,298110,30766918,Posted: 26 March,all,KrepTor,"I have to say though not being as great as its predecessor Farcry 3, this game was quite an experiance. I would not reccomend buying it at full price but if you catch it on sale (like I did) you could get an easy solid 10 hours of campaign. You wont want to finish the side missions as they can get repetative but the first couple times for each can be very fun and challenging. I also really enjoyed the choices throughout the game and the game makes a very compelling argument for each character."
76561197996329900,Recommended,298110,13021404,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Blake,FAR CRY 3 FANS BEWAREI would like to start by saying that even though I recommend this game there are some issues for me. Personally Far Cry 3 was one of my favorite games. The mix of amazing graphics/gameplay along side a fantastic story line truly kept me going for hours on end. Far Cry 4 however missed the mark pretty drastically on the story line part. Graphics and gameplay are still amazing but the story in 3 made the game feel like a good book that I could not stop reading until I knew what had happened. Far Cry 4 does not even do a good job at making you hate the dictator of this game as they made you hate Vas in the 3rd game. Your allies are thrown at you with virtually no character development or back story.The whole story line of the game felt very rushed and not well thought out and that sucks because they clearly took the time to make the graphics beautiful and the gameplay extremely immersive. Maybe I am over analyzing or being too harsh but I loved the story line of the 3rd game so much and had hoped the 4th installment was going to be similar. I still recommend people buy this game but don't expect the amazing story line and ending that you got from the 3rd game.
,Recommended,298110,22176787,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,ThePugHybrid,"Amazing game! Outstanding overall! Has an amazing open world map, which is huge. Has tons of colectables, locations, missions, side activities as you would expect from a open world game. The combat is good, the crafting system is good, the amount of diffrent weapons is good; theres just so much in this game that makes it really fun to play. The campaign missions vary and are all outstanding and contrasting in their own ways. Even the main characters such as Pagan Min are brought to life, him being the evil tyrant dictator of Kyrat. This game is worth every penny with lots of enjoyable content."
,Recommended,298110,21033992,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,VAC,awesome game!
76561198268271382,Not Recommended,298110,20238026,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,[BLU] BulletBill,DOES NOT WORK DO NOT BUY👎
76561198134475263,Recommended,298110,20230872,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,EXTRA T H I C C,Downloaded farcry4 on pc off steam wants a activation code were do I find this
,Recommended,298110,15765492,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,vaUdeVILleX<3,"The setting is somewhere of the mountainous area of India where you will encounter different kinds of people, plants, animals, weapons, and survival equipment to stay alive from two armies fighting for land ownership."
,Recommended,298110,20865758,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,160801,"Listened to the sexy pink man, finished the game in 30 mins. BAM, 11/10 best story.Moved on to custom maps, killed thousands of pigs, BAM, 12/11 best gameplay.OVERALLGraphics: 69/21 would ♥♥♥♥Story: Pink hot guy 100%PIGS: YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAS."
,Recommended,298110,20515384,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Twitch.tv/heikmeister,Beast Amazing graphics
,Not Recommended,298110,21214164,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Carson's vids,I'm over an hour in to the game.  Finished the prologue but the game still says I have to play more to enable coop.  Screw this game.
76561197978786811,Not Recommended,298110,23545986,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,triumph,"Cons: Unfortunately it just wasn't that great. It took a lot of stuff from Far Cry 3 (which is okay) but failed to add almost anything. The features added are more comparable to a mod or a dlc than a new game. The story is really saddening when compared to the quality of Far Cry 3; the characters in Far Cry 3 are so well done (for the most part), but in FC4 the character development is so much below the standard set in the last game: throughout the entire game I just don’t get the players motives; he far too silent (it worked in Half-Life because the story was explained by the environment and the motive was mostly just survive or told to you by a character), I get no sense of likes, dislikes, or any actual emotions. This guy is risking his life to put his mothers ashes in the place where she wanted them, but he never even shows any emotions about his mother; surely if is risking his life for her burial he must have some pretty strong emotions toward her but they never show up. Pagan Min is just not as good of an antagonist as Vass was, no comparison can even be made. It is hard to imagine that these two stories were made by the group.Pros: The world feels like it is actually inhabited by other people, you see people working in the fields and relaxing against walls, this was really missing in FC3, very few people were anywhere other than the villages. The game does add some new features that are quite nice (although not nearly enough). The graphics are wonderful, significantly improved over FC3. The animal life (except eagles) was vastly improved, while I think they were a bit too aggressive *cough cough eagles* there is a lot more variety and importance with the animals in this game, riding elephants into battle is a unique experience that is new to the game. There does seem to be a lot more side quests in FC4 than there were in FC3.Verdict: It is a fun game but it lacks what made FC3 great: indepth story and new features. If it is on sale and you enjoyed FC3 it may be worth it, but otherwise you might as well pass."
,Recommended,298110,23576953,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,frog.,"I recommend this game, though there are tons of bugs.For example, in a chase the courier karma event, i killed the courier with explosives, their body went under the map, i wingsuited and parachuted at a weird time and angle, and went through the map, harpoon ammo is available when the harpoons are a DLC weapon, even if you dont HAVE the dlc.Anyways, done ranting about bugs.It's a good game and it had a really nice story.It has a really neat open world with the crafting system and whatnotYadda yadda, get this game if you dont mind glitches"
,Recommended,298110,16038420,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,toby kickback.com,"Pros:- Great gameplay- Amazing graphics- Massive areas to explore- A variety of vehicles to use- So many guns available- Interesting Outpost & Belltower system- Lots of options to compliment players who enjoy StealthCons:- Try to loot a body and end up picking up a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ weapon instead- I prefer driving in Third Person mode, which you cannot do in this game- Demon Fish -_-"
,Recommended,298110,19668289,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,"Athena, The Gladiator","great game with great graphics, love all of the campaign and mythology missions and the best is: you can choose your own destiny with 3 unpredictable endings. even if the main villain is not as ""lunatic"" as Vaas Montenegro in Far Cry 3, our beloved King Min gives a great difference in this game and i think u gotta love his style."
,Not Recommended,298110,23412314,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,talk2robby,"This is a good game.   Awesome for solo, great for coop.   Lot's to do and you can play stealth or tank (once you get your aim down and stats up.)  But the bugs are annoying OMG!   If you get attacted by anything that knocks you down 2 or 3 times within  a couple of hours it nocks you through the map and you fall forever until you die and sometimes durring that episode  the game crashes.  The game would be awesome, but starting over because someone knocked you  through the map is frustrating .   I keep hoping they're going to patch it, I'll be back in a week or so to try it out again."
,Recommended,298110,17171056,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Teina,ProsIt's like an Indian Farcry 3ConsUplay
,Recommended,298110,23374026,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,JustSomeGuy,Aayo Gurkhali!
76561198003773821,Recommended,298110,24053356,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Creamy Dog,5/5
,Recommended,298110,26900719,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,=[SOAP.be]=tophe,Endless fun !
76561198079864255,Recommended,298110,14849693,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,crowsfeet,all i want to know is how come valley of the yetis does not show up on my map
76561198056143105,Recommended,298110,14848393,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,B U B B L E S,Pagan min/10
,Recommended,298110,15115644,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,LottCalliber,This game is amazing i absolutely loved far cry 3 and this just....well honestly i have no idea what to review but ts a good game so yeah......im gonna go ummmm fight a tiger i guess
,Recommended,298110,13290543,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Diesel,"I see a lot of crying about glitches and story line being weak and Ubisoft not really making too many big changes to this game.  What are you people smoking, Its graphically gorgeous!  The game play is fun and fast paced and yes very similar to Far Cry 3... News flash!!! Because FC3 was amazing why make huge changes.  Furthermore the changes you will notice and see, throughout the game that I've played so far at least, are amazing!  Story if fine, nothing spectacular so far but it keeps you invested and involved.  Overall really this game was a great suprize and I have really enjoyed it.  Also i've been 100% BUG FREE so far.  Buy it.  Don't buy it whatever, but you're missing out if you don't have this game."
76561198143711363,Not Recommended,298110,18292678,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,long tape,the code they give me is rong and i cant play the ♥♥♥♥ing game
,Recommended,298110,13216461,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Legacy,"Animal Hunting Simulator.. its all I do so far.Similar to Far Cry 3 with additional weapons, extremely beautiful graphics and combat style.Storyline is brilliant as the supposedly primary antagonist is your uncle or some sort of family relative that does not want you dead but actually wants to be your best friend/buddy. Good humour in the game as well from the characters especially Pagan Min.Probably requires a great PC to play if those who are looking to buy the game check your system requirements! So far this game is exellent get it if you enjoyed Far Cry 3 with those features mentioned above."
,Recommended,298110,15122228,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,CoreX64,"Good game, really. A little expensive, but it sure is worth buying it, especially on sale. :)I might elaborate how awesome this game is later... perhaps..."
76561198119822384,Recommended,298110,15118235,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,HypeStyle,My first Far Cry game and I've enjoyed the experience. The world is very dense as the map is huge plus there's so much to do. I also enjoy the Kyrati scenery as the world is very beautiful.
76561198105874552,Recommended,298110,15127222,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,chris231450,Good game.
76561198066518132,Not Recommended,298110,19576606,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,bentedge27,"OK, I have decided. Farcry 4 is an absolute piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥and was a complete waste of money. 'save and quit' does not ♥♥♥♥ing save progress, after buffing my char up for a mission I save and quit before going in as it's a rescue mission and very easy to ♥♥♥♥ up, reload game and all the crafting, belltowers and so forth have been reset back to before I did any of it.♥♥♥♥ THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,298110,25103882,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,jsnipy,Pretty candy coated repetition.
76561198085253835,Recommended,298110,14875016,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,(Toxic Cool Cat) ︻气デ═-,It awsome by only on x-box i canty play on it it keeps crash i have 7.86 mg and it takes 8.00 mg to run so it keeps crashing i want my money back steam!!!
76561197970291312,Not Recommended,298110,17023651,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,m1k3x,"Boring, cluttered, ridiculous repetitive mind-numbing 'action'  ;  Far Cry 3 + lame story + new map all over again."
,Recommended,298110,28478450,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,DogeCoin ◆TO THE MOON◆,114 hours of Budha.
76561198040740207,Not Recommended,298110,20473865,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Fighting Free,This game is so buggy its unplayable. Have to hit Cntrl Alt Delete just to advance the story almost every time. Its a rerun of far cry 3 without a decent story to suck you in.Its pretty and all but just not a fun game to play
,Recommended,298110,14608178,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,NaturalSelector89,"i have no idea what's going on but im burning forests with my welder, 10/10"
,Recommended,298110,15512202,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,LMB | Battle Pope,"Shot tiger in face with arrow as he sprinted by, 10/10 would hunt again."
,Recommended,298110,13698102,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,mortallygloriouswizard,Just like skyrim but with a first person shooter 10\10
76561198172098839,Not Recommended,298110,14486785,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Uncomfortable_Taco,WHY THE♥♥♥♥♥DOESNT IT WORK
76561198050739356,Not Recommended,298110,14526752,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,ARC,"This game is basically a Far Cry 3 clone, some minor improvement don't change that. And they **** up the story this timeEven Assassin Creed have more change of gameplay than this one ... and better story"
76561198165578291,Recommended,298110,14534174,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Drummie,the game don't work when i start it i get a black screen and only noise
76561198131047152,Not Recommended,298110,14523215,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,߷AUTOREUNICORN߷,uplay can go suck a massive♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,298110,23279493,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Matystc,Killing tigers with RPG is fun. Playing with your friend is recommended !
76561198024448801,Recommended,298110,17766092,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Sam,good game
,Recommended,298110,18480107,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Tomato,"Great game pretty short took me about 30-45 min to beat, All I did was wait for Mr. Min to return getting information otu of that terrorist and I was able to scatter my mother's ashes. Fantastic game a bit too short for my taste though barely any gameplay but a fatastic short little story."
,Recommended,298110,15717503,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Ginsan21,This is one of the best re skin ever.The skill tree was alot better in far cry 3. The story is pretty interesting and intense. Clearing the map is is fun as ♥♥♥♥ and it will take some time.This games get a 8/10 a pretty good game.
,Not Recommended,298110,20177653,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Чеки Бреекі,I bought this game and the season pass waited 2 days for install.Luanched game black screen Far Cry 4.exe is not responding with no way of fixing and only got half of the money i spent after the refund. Rest In Peperonis
,Recommended,298110,14933385,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Alex,This game is really good. it was worth my purchase. This game has great graphics and it doesnt lag. This game is so much fun playing coop!10/10 :)
,Recommended,298110,13013001,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,cKy,"i like it when some people write bad reviews just because their computer cant run the game proparly..dont cry about the game being broken or uplay to fix it... get a better computer (@the guy with the black screen problem, or the mouse acc prob)The game works perfect,Great animation , you can see an improvment from the previous game ,alot more weapons , bigger map , new animals to hunt (i feel bad for killing all those rhinos)yes , you wont have a bad guy like vaas anymore (which is sad) but the new bad guy is also awesome !Story is epic , and well.. again to the map , such a beautiful view everywhere you go, or fly with your little heli.there is nothing else to say basicly.. im glad i pre ordered the gold edition , one of the best pre orders i made in the last 2 years.i havnt finished the game yet , because im still enjoying all the stuff around.but so far i recommend to all who can to get the game!9/10"
,Recommended,298110,14172956,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,HyperChronic,This game is so awesome and the graphic are amazing
76561198046575182,Not Recommended,298110,16802756,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Mom,subpar
76561198092078539,Recommended,298110,13285033,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Syko,The PVP suck! but the co op and singelplayer is <3
76561198046457654,Recommended,298110,14889390,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,FoopyPoopy,ITS FLIPPING AMAZING
,Not Recommended,298110,17384513,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,KevinT,"Even if it had made serious strides over Far Cry 3, even if the gameplay held true to the series's core, even if its story weren't junk, even if it had been put together perfectly, I would still find Far Cry 4 annoying as hell. It's not just that Ubisoft can't execute; it seems like they can't design anymore. To compensate, they've just slapped whatever crap they can onto an open world in the desperate hope that large portions will make up for the flavorlessness of the meal. Instead, I got sick of chewing, and longed for the days when Far Cry just shut up and let me shoot some guns.This game gets a strict zero. They copy pasted from Far Cry 3 on almost everything, and then did it very poorly. No effort went into the game and it shows. Animals are EVERYWHERE. Too many times, did I get really close to finally taking out a poorly constructed outpost undetected after spamming rocks into the jungle so the guards can actually be killed, to end up having a bear or leopard run up and kill me or blow my cover so I might as well let it kill me anyway to restart.Score: 0/10"
,Not Recommended,298110,17415399,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Cop Killer,"Oy vey, it's just not very good."
76561198087353213,Recommended,298110,14694995,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Runaway,"Wow. Never played a Far Cry game before, and I'm glad I started with this. The story, sadly, is repitive, but it's a great game around. A lot of side quests, lots of weapons, and lots of killing. I love the realism of most deaths when using the bow and arrow. If they're standing still and you shoot their chest they will put their hands on their chest fall on both knees, then the ground. It has some pretty great combat animation, and a great physics system. One of the best games I've ever played, I'd replay it."
76561198021437164,Recommended,298110,13597143,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,bonehed,"Another great game...  these guys cant go wrong.I saw someone comment somewhere that the only difference between Farcry 3 and 4 was the quality of graphics.  That is absolutely ridiculous, I mean...  In one you're on a tropical island, and the other youre in Tibet !Dont believe the haters, its a great game.  That said, I've been playing both of them for two days, and I think I like Farcry 3 better.  Literally, because it's tropical..  and I like that."
,Recommended,298110,13594336,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,greenmafia,Wooooooooooooooooooo!!!!!!
,Recommended,298110,13845874,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,luube,"11/10 love the bugs, games needs bughs"
76561198049811496,Recommended,298110,12998572,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,blyat,"good gameplay and good main story missions make for a good game but as the game simply crashes if i have my controller just connected to my system it goes from a 8,5/10 to a 7 at best. a full release game simply cant have these issues and therefore what i think is that ubisoft does not deliver what they should have."
76561198155886364,Not Recommended,298110,13634312,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,flame1257,it wont let me play farcry
,Recommended,298110,31960851,Posted: 25 May,all,prograrona,"A step above ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥gy tattoo simulator, having you do something other than save your dumb friends. Still, it's okay at best."
,Recommended,298110,32828506,Posted: 26 June,all,The Dank Knight,"FC3 + 1(kinda worth), its fun none the less for a Farcry game"
76561198022019109,Recommended,298110,30154138,Posted: 24 February,all,JaKrispy,awsome........:DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
76561198107418930,Recommended,298110,33004030,Posted: 29 June,all,☣LAKIES☣,Ya boi out here killing! Very great game. Story is great and the open world is nice! Graphics are amazing! 9/10
,Recommended,298110,21471417,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,bagietka,Absolutely best series of games I ever played is far cry. I played in 1st 2nd 3rd and now in Far Cry 4 amazing just amazing...:)
,Recommended,298110,19605589,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Fisorion,GREAT BUT A BIT LAGGY
76561198088331608,Recommended,298110,28952534,Posted: 2 January,all,DerSchwabe,Nice :D
,Recommended,298110,13545220,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Walkerbait,so far on of the best game of 2014 i played
,Not Recommended,298110,15279675,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,T3XKL,"The game is pretty, but doesn't work. On top of that forcing players to do stupid races that are rigged to ♥♥♥♥ you everytime to unlock key skills is the worst mistake in this overrated ♥♥♥♥♥♥ FC3 clone."
,Recommended,298110,15411211,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Monogue,... Such an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Decides to go on sale now when I bought a few weeks ago.
,Recommended,298110,14493788,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Dyne,"Far Cry 4 has a lot more content than Far Cry 3 but that doesn't necessarily make it better, of course. As a starting example, the characters, plot, and voice acting in Far Cry 3 were all stellar. In Far Cry 4 they're just sort of... meh. Perhaps all of the critical backlash about the alleged♥♥♥♥♥♥and extreme violence in Far Cry 3 caused them to tone it down, I don't know. There are definitely ways to write a great story without those things and I mean, it's an O.K. story if not extremely cliched and at times totally disinteresting (like the prison sequence... holy f**king God that was boring and completely unnecessary).There are a LOT more side missions to do and they feature vastly different playstyles for the most part. My favorite missions are the escort missions in which you ride atop a van with a grenade launcher and lay waste to everything in your path with remarkably little effort. Hunting missions are back but require less stalking and more spraying animals with machine gun fire... not an improvement, honestly (although one of them is pretty hilarious). The character-driven side missions, as far as I have seen so far (I'm about 75% finished with everything) offer absolutely nothing to the overall plot but they are entertaining mini stories in their own right. Everyone seems to enjoy the Shangri La mini-campaign but I personally abhor it.As with Far Cry 3 money is virtually worthless in the world. After only about 30 minutes of playing my wallet was full and I owned every available weapon. This kept up throughout the game  as I desperately went back to safehouses to sell all of my worthless junk and buy even more worthless skins and mods for my guns just so that my wallet wouldn't always be full. There seems to be no gambling in this one and thank baby Jesus for that because I don't know what you'd do with another method of making even more worthless Rupees.Some of the new mechanics that were added such as grappling are annoying. The first one or two times you use your grappling hook are entertaining but after that it just seems to be an annoying way to make certain locations difficult to get to. Combine that with those impassible 5% grade hills that your character for the life of him can't climb even though 5 seconds earlier he leapt up a different cliff face it's just immersion breaking. There was one point at which I simply gave up because you have to jump across these tiny planks to climb up a mountain but due to the hit detection or something, even though I landed on them perfectly I'd bounce off the wall and die. Thankfully there are helicopters.The helicopters really save some of the frustrating situations in the game. There are still areas you can't access with them because at a certain altitude (which, strangely enough, varies depending on where you're trying to get) you'll stall. 90% of the areas are accessible via helicopter though and they really are the only useful way to travel in Kyrat as driving cars and trucks in Far Cry still bloody sucks.As with 3, you'll find yourself constantly bailing out your allies as they shoot as straight as Imperial Stormtroopers and are frequently killed by f**king birds. BIRDS! When it comes to fighting animals, the enemy AI isn't much better so this is actually a viable method for clearing out camps. They only manage to defeat something such as a tiger or bear due to sheer numbers. If it's 2 or 3 troops against a tiger, they will probably lose. Freaking ridiculous, right? Oh well.Once you get the grenade launcher the game is pretty much a walk in the park. There are only a few instances in which you won't want to use it (stealth and missions in which you need a specific weapon) but literally nothing is a match for you when you are using it. Are you on foot surrounded by a convoy of machine-gun equipped trucks? That's actually a good thing because it means each shot is going to kill 2-3 enemies at once. The blast radius on it is somewhat broken as a soldier hiding behind a tree will completely avoid damage from a grenade that exploded 2 feet away on the other side of the tree but when you score a direct hit and see the enemy turn into a fountain of juice it is extremely satisfying.Strongholds are new but unless you haven't completed a certain portion of the campaign per fortress they are exactly like the normal camps you liberate. If you HAVEN'T completed the proper missions, they are actually extremely difficult (fun) and are really the only reason in the entire game to use the basically useless coop mode. Coop mode sucks. Never use it. You can't even talk to the other player to formulate a strategy. Hurk seems like such a fun character until you realize the only time you'll ever see him is in coop mode (AND HE CAN'T TALK!). Just use the ability to call in AI controlled allies. At least when they die you don't have to rush over and resurrect them.Although I have thoroughly trashed a lot of the content in the game in this review, I honestly have enjoyed it immensely and am pretty close to getting 100% completion. I just wish some of the things were better, as with any game. Due to the shoddy writing and lack of direction in the plot... I actually like the villain way more than I like your allies. I wish you could play on his side."
,Recommended,298110,18537010,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Uncle Samsonite,"I enjoyed this a ton not even finished yet and if u loved far cry 3 then get this its amazingPros:The graphics are amazingThe AI is pretty goodAnimals are greatStory is really funGuns are ♥♥♥♥ign awsome.700 Nitro expressCons:To many drug tripsWhen you start the game you have to untick allwas launch in offline mode or it wont work ""Uplay being good""Egals....."
,Recommended,298110,13845503,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Bob,ThisGameIsAmazing
,Recommended,298110,33210813,Posted: 3 July,all,Jotaro Kujo,"Despite what WebMD may tell you, a stick is actually the most effective pharmeceutical for any ailment, from gunshot wounds to honey badger attacks."
76561198263630536,Recommended,298110,23392152,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,YouAreIrrelevant,"Eagles, elephants, and the occasional boob10/10"
,Not Recommended,298110,14563301,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,outdodrobro,"2/20/2015 This game feels like a port, was it even developped for PC? I'm running a GTX 770 and an i7 and still go through most of the game (especially co-op) at like 10-15 fps. Bought this computer because my old rig with a radeon 5500 wouldn't run it. I have been a fan of the franchise since Far cry 2, (those who played it will remember the awesome capture the flag multiplayer) but I'll never purchase abother Ubisoft product again ever. I don't even feel like playing this game to completion, but I find the free roam co-op very appealing. It's worth mentioning that the co-op matchmaking is completely hit and miss most times you will have to try at least 3 different times.2/24/2015 As of today at 10:00pm I haven't been able to join co-op. The game now just crashes when i finally get a game. Tested twice. Nothing seems to have caused this, I was in a game 10 minutes before and it connected me just fine. I was reading about the crashing issues a few days ago and I knew it was only a matter of time.2/24/2015 It's like the game arbitrarily decides whether or not it's gonna crash when i join a game, it happens like half the time consistently. I also found a new glitch where I buy 480,000 dollars worth of ammo and still have no ammo, but all my money is gone. Not a big deal because money is easy to come by in far cry but still.2/25/2015 12:58am It's been getting worse and worse and now I'm at the point where I've restarted the game 4 times after it crashing 3 times in a row trying to join a co-op game."
76561198087511557,Recommended,298110,14699336,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,CieF,i need HELP i cant get past the first mission because when i compleate it the screen goes black and nothing happens please help me i really like this game but cant get past the prologe please help
,Recommended,298110,21594591,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Fight Milk,Not as good as Far Cry 3. The cultural appropriation isn't as enjoyable when I'm not a rich white kid.
,Recommended,298110,17160453,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,☣☢✪Juu5oooH2k,i r8 dis geim 8/8 u can quickscope cars and fish
,Recommended,298110,33278833,Posted: 5 July,all,Frosty!,i like
76561198181819973,Recommended,298110,21058319,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,kokotizmus vyšieho stupňa,it started you play and what then i dont have user for it so what to do?
76561198014359125,Not Recommended,298110,21014149,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,brucemcrae,"I just tried to finish the Himalayas mission on easy mode. You have to escape via a wingsuit down narrow mountain valleys and after about three dozen attempts I GIVE UP!!!! It's damn near impossible. Not only is this just too damn difficult but now all future Willis missions will be unattainable. That sucks big time. I paid to play the whole game and now I'll never know how it turns out. Should I bother to play anymore? What's the point? Totally frustrated that all of the hours I've put into this game are pretty much wasted.I don't get the mind set of game developers who make their games to be so damn hard. I understand that many players want the challenge and hard mode gives you that. But for the average, non-obessed gamer like me, I want to enjoy the game with a realistic expectation that I'll be able to finish it. Now I'm just♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198111956414,Not Recommended,298110,20982713,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,El Gato Violador.,"Hey wtf is up with uplay.... it wont let me start play farcry4.... and now i cant get my money back because even thought i have 0 played hours its past the 15 day period. (because everyone installs all the games they buy during steam sales right when they buy them). CANT PLAY THE GAME, CANT GET MY MONEY BAC %^&*( STEAM AND $#%^& YOU UBISOFT AND YOUR GARBAGE UPLAY BS."
,Recommended,298110,15651306,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Razormind,All Hail the Pagan min!!♥♥♥♥ up Golden Path!!
,Recommended,298110,25278865,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,FIGHTING!,"Like Skyrim, with guns:  part 2, himalayan boogaloo"
,Recommended,298110,21037916,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,davetehshave,Very naaaaaaisssss^^
76561197982983603,Not Recommended,298110,21038278,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,roydk740,Could not review since the butt crack company UPLAY will not run. It can't find a server to talk to. How do I get my money back ??
,Not Recommended,298110,21038841,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Wasteland,Uplay
,Not Recommended,298110,21069044,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Cybercyrus,"Can't play the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game,♥♥♥♥♥you uplay."
76561198151050879,Recommended,298110,20718291,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,HAXses,This game is realy good and awesome you will enjoy it so hard.11/10 IGN
76561198031713702,Not Recommended,298110,20840943,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Oedipus's Stepdad,"Same tedious quests as the previous game but further dumbed down. All the gear are the same as those in Far Cry 3, with very little new addition. All in all average at best."
,Recommended,298110,24672403,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Edward Kenway (Leonardo suhardi),attacked by eagle - heal it by removing bullet from armget shot many times - heal it by cracking handgetting burned - heal it by removing bullet from arm (again)heavily damaged - heal it by using only bandages to armThis is Far Cry 4 10/10
,Recommended,298110,21515800,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Davyy,Indian music on the radio 10/10
,Recommended,298110,24783375,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Mr. Raccoon,"It still needs the useless UplaySH.lT! !Fu.ck off with that!Anyways this game has pretty awesome graphics. The story is not good as the predecessor (FC3)Gameplay 7/10Soundtrack 5/10Graphics 9/10Story 6/10Co-op 2/10 - [full of Di.ckh.eads]Multiplayer 2/10 - (Worst than CoD)stability 5/10Uplay -10/10 (gg Ubisoft)=====================""Masterpiece"" 10/10 - IGN====================="
,Recommended,298110,24088032,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,sToNe x HeNgE,"took over an outpost with a bow and a few guns, then proceeded to squirrel glide off a house and die.10/10. can survive 15+ people with weapons but not one tree.rip"
,Recommended,298110,23902335,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Arjen42,"If you've played Far Cry 3 before, and expect Far Cry 4 to be much different, you'll be disappointed.If you've played Far Cry 3 before, and expect Far Cry 4 to be more or less the same, you'll be surprised."
76561198049495939,Recommended,298110,24484415,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,=[PoS]= The Predator of Death,Looting dead bodies while the closed one watched10/10
,Recommended,298110,25084321,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Yeun,PLEASE SUPPORT CHINESE!
,Recommended,298110,26848258,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MrKrasnox,It's nice.
76561198215061561,Recommended,298110,26282432,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,THE WATCHER,it soo fun when the phisecks freak the ♥♥♥♥ out!!!
,Not Recommended,298110,22747162,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Jesús,Not The co-op experince i was expecting also ubisoft is♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,298110,21274885,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,MortAss,"This game is like youtube. you think youre gonna do one mission aaaand look! a cargo truck take it! oh look a convoy kill them!  oh look a courier kill him! and then you're suddenly across the map from the place you were going to at first!i do miss one thing whit this game even tho it's one of my favorites, DUAL WIELDING would have been so much fun in this game just go in guns blazing like rambo. dont get me wrong u can but DUAL WIELDING just saying ^^.anyways great game great villain."
,Recommended,298110,29676801,Posted: 3 February,all,W4rdrobe,"1 tip, never sneak there is literally no point"
,Recommended,298110,28058310,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Jaer Okay Guden,"The graphics are insane i personlly just got a gtx 1070 and then i can have the game on ultra with 60+ fpsIts so beautiful, i can just sit there look at the sky for hours10/10"
,Recommended,298110,29250538,Posted: 14 January,all,amir.dayan77,"great game,if you looking fps and adventure this is the game for you"
,Not Recommended,298110,24663495,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,| 고스트 해골 | Spooky Skel,I have this game for over a year and still cant play it because it keeps crashing when I open it up. I do not know why I tried refunding but I cannot get my refund.
,Recommended,298110,13875661,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,【=◈︿◈=】| Derpy Hooves,To be honest...i really Really REALLY love this game & i recommended to all of you..it has : - Better Graphic- New Guns & Vehicle- Large Bioms- And new Battle SkillsBut...if only just Ubisoft stop making their Game requires Uplay to play their games....especially THIS one !!!!......Nuff Said...Anyway... i give it -1/-10XD hue....
,Recommended,298110,14341236,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Owningchaunce,I can't even get to a quest without a random event happening or discovering something.10/10
,Recommended,298110,13670087,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Rolinos,"Its a good game but it has alot of little bugs in it. Nvidia users seem to have to turn environment on low regardless of how nice their card is or get black flashes durng gameplay. I also had several issues getting it to run in the first place. It now launches properly after the last patch but, it was a little dissapointing that the game was unplayable for me for a few weeks while Ubisoft worked on it.In short the game is fun. Great Farcry action but, update all your drivers and make sure you have the most recent version of the game if your a steam user make sure auto update is enabled and verify the cash once.Hopefully the black flashing will be addressed at some point as well.Worth it on sale due to some bugs. If they were resolved I would recamend at full price."
76561198119556144,Recommended,298110,13873972,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,CrazyPriest,The amount of fun you can have doing random tasks in this game is amazing... I fired a 40mm grenade launcher at a pack of dogs from a gyrocopter hovering 100 feet off of the ground 10/10
,Recommended,298110,13875283,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Sausage Mahoney,Everyone wants to hate Ubisoft...I think they killed it on this one9/10
,Recommended,298110,13904562,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,That Fapping Guy,:-O This Game Is Crazy! In A Good Way ;-D
,Recommended,298110,13940320,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Coltbat,Like guns with Skyrim (and dholes)9/10 - DogeUplay did not betray me this time.....
,Recommended,298110,13950408,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,ECLandra,Buy it now...i bought it and was instantly sucked in! I sat down started and stood up 2 days later having completed every aspect of the game! For those of you who liked Far Cry 3...THIS IS 300 TIMES BETTER!!
,Recommended,298110,13896622,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Contemo,I liked it
76561198042644742,Recommended,298110,13915346,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,dugankowal1,"So far the game is excellent.  The wild animals are a bit rabid, but the graphics and game play are very smooth and very managable.  I've heard complaints that its too much like Far Cry 3, but this is an EXCELLENT follow game to FC3."
76561197969019431,Recommended,298110,13948728,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,HaVeN,"This is one of the best first person shooter / exploration games I have played in a very long time.  I really enjoy the characters, the wonderful graphics and environments, and the story line of the game so far. (I've played about 24 hours and I think I'm about halfway through the main story line.)Game play has been very smooth and is very unique.  The story line up to this point has remained fun and fresh to me and I'm really enjoying it.  I don't enjoy a lot of single player titles as they don't hold my attention for very long but this one has done a great job.  That being said I am let down that the game doesn't offer full Co-op game play for the main story line.  Co-op IS still enjoyable even though you don't get to complete a lot while in multiplayer.  I would highly recommend this game for anyone who enjoys a good FPS with some exploration thrown in."
,Recommended,298110,13957678,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Communist T-Rex,A ton of fun in a beautiful world.
76561198131147812,Recommended,298110,13974246,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,roboeric,Go quiet or go loud the gets done with pretty explozions or with no one knowing you are their
,Recommended,298110,13976431,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Panda,The game itself is finished although if you buy the season pass dont expect much since none of the dlc content promised (except the guns which are unlocked after completing missions and two of the missions) are found in the game.
,Recommended,298110,13889065,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Iconoclast XVII,"Basically Far Cry 3 with different characters in a different area. If you liked FC3, chances are you'll like FC4.Far Cry 4 is an open world, freeroaming first person shooter. Many of the mechanics from Far Cry 3 remain, such as hunting and crafting to increase how much you can carry (ammo, items, money, etc), taking over radio towers for revealing the map, taking over outposts for quick travels points, and various side missions unlocked when you take these things over. Signature weapons remain as suped-up versions of guns you can get within the game after completing certain events in the world (take over so many outposts, towers, complete so many side missions, etc). Another big similarity to FC3 is that you start with only half the world open to explore and unlock the other half by progressing through the campaign. They did improve upon these features slightly, but didn't change too much of the formula. One new addition was fortresses. They are similar to outposts, but more difficult to take over.As far as the story goes, you return to spread your mother's ashes and get caught up in a war between a group of rebels called the Golden Path and Pagan Min, the games antagonist. Pagan Min is not nearly as good of an anatagonist as Vaas was, but they did a good job of creating a new anatgonist and didn't try to make a copy of Vaas. There are some missions where you choose which leader of the Golden Path you want to side with, which does change up the mission a bit and adds some replayability to the game. They also did a good job of keeping a balance between how powerful the weapons you have are and how tough the enemies are, but signature weapons are still insanely overpowered, which can be tons of fun. A disappointment I had was with the snowy areas up in the mountains. Those areas were all mission-based locations and were not part of the open world for you to explore.Overall, another pretty fun Far Cry game. They changed enough to keep it fresh, but not too much to make it a completely different game. If you liked Far Cry 3, definitely check it out."
,Recommended,298110,13903220,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,☢ Alex The Great ☣,Elephant feg
,Recommended,298110,13905120,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,3 hp hero,"LOVE THIS GAME! An awesome fps action rpg. If you can, but this for your next game. Wingsuit ftw! p.s fc3 is great too."
76561198033780876,Recommended,298110,13917412,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,I TheRyno I,"If you loved Far Cry 3, you will love Far Cry 4. 'Nuff said."
76561198075080093,Recommended,298110,13924748,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,SweatyScarecrow,"be careful with this game, theres been problems with the graphics, gamers have been comlaining about the stutter in game, its easily solved with lowering the graphics, but a game like farcry you want to play on full settings, my computer can easily run it, but still has a minor stutter problem."
,Recommended,298110,13783270,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Retrex ✔DICKBUTTSUPREME✔,"Before I begin on how amazing FC4 is; The game takes a while untill it truly becomes ""Open"" also the controll sceme and takedown mechanic take a while to get used to so for the first 5 hours you're mainly just trying to get the hang of the game but once you do get a hang of it well, Its like none other.Far Cry 4 is at it's best when it's unscripted, while other 2014 ""NEXT GEN"" games like Advanced Warfare can offer scripted gunfights with huge explosions, Far Cry 4 offers a Massive world that gives players freedom while having many activities to do, here are some:-Campaign missions-Side missions-Bomb defusal missions-Arena Fights (similar to Oblivion)-Special Animal hunts (you can hunt 'badass' versions of typical animals)-Hostage rescues-Racing-Commander assassinations (basically AC Assassin contracts)-Blood diamond missionsAnd the PC version even comes with a level editor (similar to Hammer from source games) and you can play other people's custom leves ect.Also: YOU CAN STRAP C4 TO A HONEY BADGER AND THEN SEND IT TO ATTACK A FORTRESS. (like legit STRAP I mean C4 sticks to honey badgers)"
,Recommended,298110,13795407,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,SS Tlatoani Santo,"El Far cry 3 lo crei insuperable, pero este lo supera por mucho!!!Logicamente, esta mejor graficamente, pero a la ves, ami me envolvio mas la historia, estar en una guerra civil, ami en lo personal me encanto.GRAFICAS: 15/10HISTORIA: 10/10JUGABILIDAD: 20/10ONLINE: 9/10PROMEDIO: 13.5>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> lo MAXIMO <<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<COMPRENLO!!!"
76561198108974224,Not Recommended,298110,13600224,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Jorma,This ♥♥♥♥ing game needs some kinda activation key can somebody help me where i can find my activation key
76561198040201310,Recommended,298110,13754477,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,BenderIsGreat,Story is not as good as Far Cry 3.  Environment is detailed and there were plenty of side activities.  Nice sandbox shooter.  I had some occasional crashes but I am still trying to work out my OC.  As of the latest patch I have played 10 hours and have not experianced any crashes.  I am experiancing some annoying texture pop out.  I wish stealth mechanics were a bit more refined but that is a problem with the entire series.  Overall 9/10 Great game to show off 4k.
,Recommended,298110,13262448,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,wilson,Awesome. 12/10 Would Kyrat Again
,Not Recommended,298110,15895483,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,The Chocolate Guy,"copy and paste game, literally feels like fc3 but in mountains. people move the same and the exact same guns. they advertised co-op but it isnt. the main campaign is only single player. there have been other games where u can play the full game together such as saints row. Why they wouldnt let us to that is jsut dumb. you can only do side missions and take out outposts."
76561197979739173,Not Recommended,298110,15920829,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,One Two,"Durrgesh is REIDICULOUS, WHAT A WASTE OF TIME AND MONEY....you start all over every time,  I purchased the golden pass and looked forward to the YETIS DLC.... This was not designed for your average player, only experts with unlimited patience and time should attempt this f***ing frustrating pieace of s***t of a game!!!!  Have been 3 days trying to pass through the first part collecting all items, I enjoyed all previous Far Cry releases but this lasst installment marks the end of a long relationship with UBISOFT.  Good riddance."
76561198221749520,Recommended,298110,16084110,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Ballistic_Porpoise,"Great open world, beautiful surroundings, and top notch voice acting."
76561198090072222,Not Recommended,298110,13821450,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Airtight Pussy Wonderflux v3.45,"Man, what a waste of 30 bucks! Its good but I don't know how to pick up weapons and worst of all, the lag has gone past the line. No it can't be my computer. The rest of my 30+ games are absolutly perfect! I can't even make a map (play a map too). Meh. I guess I'll rate this a 3/10 wouldn't really play again."
76561198081644136,Recommended,298110,13728124,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Fak,If u like animal porn/♥♥♥♥♥ great game for u
76561198102801336,Recommended,298110,15591913,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,SHAKOOOOOOOWNED,i love game
76561198078689629,Recommended,298110,13947811,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,SCRUFFY LOOKING,"Far Cry 4 does not disappoint, beautiful graphics combined with addictive gameplay and an immersive world all make for a great experience. Like it's predecessor it shares beautiful vast landscapes, advanced AI that react with their enviroment, and a captivating plot line that keeps the player engaged. Deffinately a must for players seeking an intense FPS with a story that doesn't fragment."
,Recommended,298110,13962667,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Excyte,"Nice graphics, good story with incredibly touch choices to make.Smooth gameplay and interesting missions that keep you going."
,Recommended,298110,13965954,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Liquid Squid,Great game
76561198080193186,Recommended,298110,13974276,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,michaeljburton720,"Just wanted to say having had this game from day 1. I have not really had the time to play it much, but i dont have 1 problem with it. It sucks that so many people have issues launching or getting it to run smooth. Since day 1 i start it up change all my setting to ultra, and that was it, it has run fine the whole time. I now see there have been some patches which is good news, and think i need to finally finish my adventure.Overall i will give this game a 9\10 for the moment, 1 short of ten because of cutscenes, i hate them. if i dont want to watch them after the first time, then let me skip it.:)"
,Recommended,298110,13977488,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Eugene45,"Sneaking up on guards. One guy says ""Damn I think he is out drunk on moonshine again and can't see the road"" 2 seconds later they all get run over by the drunk guy.10/10 Keeps its promises"
76561197971021325,Recommended,298110,13980092,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,docboozer,"This is a really great game in a lot of respects.  It has wonderful graphics, a huge world to explore and so many methods of travel.   It has a lot going for it.  However, there are some things that nearly ruin the entire game.  It has such a  lousy, crappy and unfair  ""save game"" aspect that it makes me want to puke.  And some of the missions are ridiculous in that it's simply ""figure out how many steps to take in this direction... then DIE"" and then reload and repeat and repeat and repeat until you have memorized the EXACT sequence of events....""so many steps in this direction, then hide, then move in another direction and wait so many seconds, then etc etc etc etc"".   There is NO skill involved in this type mission.... just an exercise in memorizing.  Oh well.  I will recommend this game, but be prepared to cuss a lot.  And by the way, I am talking strictly from a PC gamer perspective.   No stinking consoles of any type for me."
76561198020934592,Not Recommended,298110,25361126,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,kempy23,"Sound does not work well, i have a 5.1 system and sound only works in 2.1 setup. I keep having to use a authenticator, you would think a cd key and registering with steam would be enough.Story is non existant and i find the game to be booring. Far Cry 3 is way beter, get that insted. The amount of times id yell who the hell is this person and what am i supoed to do now, why am i doing this, is the most ive ever done in a game and ive played plenty over the years."
76561197975970485,Recommended,298110,14175368,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Lord Victor,"If you liked Far Cry 3, you'll like Far Cry 4 exactly the same amount. Nothing wrong with it, nothing great about it. Try the co-op."
76561197978805562,Not Recommended,298110,13819276,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Wyrm,"I get that there's a huge world to explore, but unless you're able to do stealth games then you won't be able to see it. There are so many 'forced stealth' sections where if you get seen, you're dead. That's terrible design, terrible game, do not buy."
76561198029901511,Recommended,298110,13016899,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,[VI] Mkoll,"First review.... well there will not be one because Uplay is a huge pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥and wont work. They really need to fix these issues for a game that costs this amount of money. We should be able to play the game full game when its released not have to come write rage reviews because you released and sold a  unfinished product.Finally after hours of countless time wasted was able to get into the game. It's very beautiful and game play is smooth, but mouse movement seems sloppy. The bow is very fun to use and so are the throwing knives. Having animals come out of the blue when a piece of meat is thrown kinda ruins immersion. An interesting game so far, will continue to check it out."
,Recommended,298110,13358671,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Hefe,THIS GAME IS BEAUTIFUL!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I CANT HANDLE HOW AMAZING IT IS!
,Not Recommended,298110,18352928,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,xX_Lesbian_Slayer_1990_Xx,"Ubisoft has been steadily working backwards since the first FarCry. With FarCry3 they stripped the franchise of the survival / immersion / challenge of FarCry2, and with FarCry4 they have removed the pvp. It's still there but the LARGEST POSSIBLE match is 4v4. Huge maps with vehicles and nobody to shoot at (if you're even lucky enough to even find people in the pvp matchmaking que)Only buy this game if you have a friend to play co-op with. Co-op is amazing in FC4, though it's dissapointing that certain missions / activites are locked off from co-op which is the most fun i've had with this title."
76561198045222395,Not Recommended,298110,20177419,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,notcalledkeith,"i would recomend this game, the game loks insane! i would love to play it, this is why i am writing my review i was looking forward to playing this game when i first loaded it up it looked promising but then black screen, i think i know what the problem was so i tryed fixing it and there is still a black screen, if anyone has a solution to this problem please get in touch i really want to play this game."
76561198010228673,Not Recommended,298110,14065112,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,PBT,"crashes on startet just wasted 59,99 euro on this !"
,Not Recommended,298110,14966161,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,MrGaud,"so much worse than farcry 3 in almost every single way. my adventures through this vast world were completely disrupted by constant deaths from the smallest things. Weapon customization is a joke as is the combat, and dont even get me started on the story. This game was a massive disapointment at least in my eyes."
,Recommended,298110,14187086,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Tee The GraveWalker,the golden path ranned me over while i was crossing the road.....seems legit
,Recommended,298110,14186830,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Dick Twister,Eagle/10
76561197981773880,Recommended,298110,31984125,Posted: 26 May,all,mucho_muertos,Yes.  Good.
76561198164325434,Recommended,298110,31440064,Posted: 29 April,all,swatcopper2,"Excellent game. I like the story and i have all the dlc-s and I enjoy them too. I dont mind that the outposts and bell towers system is  same than it was in far cry 3, because why does one have to change something that works well."
76561198149457803,Recommended,298110,16405988,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Wired Lucas,battletoads is better
76561198345094967,Not Recommended,298110,33343500,Posted: 7 July,all,SiSimon,"PLEASE HELP!!! I dont now how i play this game. I dont meen that i am bad in playing it (good chance). but i cant open the game. it shows a black screen and does nothing, some people see that you need to download something but i dont trust that. Please, Please help me fix this, i throwed alot of money to it and want to play it, Please"
,Recommended,298110,28718244,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Robb Stark,"This is my 2nd time playing this game and ubisoft shows that they can create an actual game. The endings are so good and everything,still suprises me till this day. Now i really want a FarCry 5 :(Seriously though,this game is one of the BEST games i have ever played in my entire life!"
,Recommended,298110,28722128,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Samda,Very fun game! Absolutely stunning landscape combined with FPS and adventure elements = Awesome game!
,Recommended,298110,28731833,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,_pjsilvs,Good work on the graphics.
76561198198804427,Not Recommended,298110,33286161,Posted: 5 July,all,Benny the Bengal,"Game is utter garbage, half of the ♥♥♥♥ing time it ♥♥♥♥ing crashes and doesn't save 3 hours worth of progress. It's a terrible, buggy, ♥♥♥♥♥♥, pc port for console.important pc specsCore i7 6700kGTX 1070"
,Recommended,298110,33473313,Posted: 12 July,all,bmac2021,"Fun game, not sure that I like all the crafting."
76561198156111765,Recommended,298110,18087198,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,sohai noob,my far cry 4 cannot start pls fix it or i will refund. PLS FIX IT
76561198048125034,Recommended,298110,33468336,Posted: 11 July,all,KratosLee,great game but boring.....
76561198053131364,Recommended,298110,33467352,Posted: 11 July,all,mtmiller100,They took an outstanding game (Far Cry 3) and made it even better!
,Recommended,298110,33470214,Posted: 11 July,all,My Nationalist Pony,This game feels like the beta for Far Cry 3.
76561198057654747,Not Recommended,298110,22699186,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,The Last Dinosaur,"you have use a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ launcher called uplay and the game will crash after you  put in the software key it makes you find and put it, they dont make it easy on you"
76561198074534962,Recommended,298110,13552852,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,LyokoWarrior,great game and graphics
,Not Recommended,298110,23827150,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Sjubse,i can't get the co-op to work
,Not Recommended,298110,14396715,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,That Gay Ass Homo,
,Recommended,298110,13314722,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Flamerunner,hard survival lifelike views better then far cry 3
76561198119860292,Not Recommended,298110,33558756,Posted: 15 July,all,astroboy,i having playing this game for quite sometime and i love it. but now im not able to play. i tried reinstall but stillunable to play. it all show me black page after loading. can you pls teach me what to do?
76561197985131826,Not Recommended,298110,33494959,Posted: 12 July,all,NoTsOsHaRpShOoTeR,Don't buy this game for coop.  You can't unlock character skills or play campaign missions together.  It's also very buggy.  There's invisible vehicles and npcs and some events get stuck for no reason so you have to reload the game and re-invite your fiends.  It's much better to play this game in single player.  If you can't complete the story together the game shouldn't be labeled as coop in the steam store.
76561198010788353,Recommended,298110,13900841,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,xReaverx,"Saved some hostages, eagle swooped down and killed the hostages.10/10"
,Recommended,298110,13902667,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,The Great Northern Trendkill,"Very entertaining singleplayer, and the multiplayer is enjoyable and rewarding! i have a rig well below minimum specs, but i still get 30 to 40 fps on the high graphics setting. The only real optimization problem i have encountered is the tree texture. some trees are 2d for some reason. other than that tho, its tons of fun!\8.5/10"
,Recommended,298110,13911006,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,✪ChubbyNuggets✪,The game was good. Nothing eles. I played all the far cry games and I feel like this out of all of them was not the best....I really did like the game and at times it was a lot of fun and some times even made me crack up but still. I felt like the gameplay was good and so was the weapons but the story really needed......work. I dont want to spoil anything major but still if you are a fan of the far cry series then you should for sure pick this up or if you like FPS games in general you should try this out.
,Recommended,298110,13915225,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,LevelRed,Hell yeah!
76561197970194538,Recommended,298110,13917011,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Messsk,"Immensely immersive environment, fantastic soundtrack, stunning visuals, great plot line and characters, razor sharp game play, and endless possibilities make this game a 10/10"
,Recommended,298110,13942130,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,McCrow,best cliff/mountain climbing simulator 11/10 must buy
76561198141520374,Recommended,298110,13943477,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Rupaul,it's the best far cry game ever so much action and a bigger better openworld.you won't regret buying it.
76561198079788513,Recommended,298110,20251520,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Knights Of Alandria,"Amazing,"
,Recommended,298110,25172173,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,not a terrorist,"10/10, has invincible floating pigs..."
76561198127827986,Recommended,298110,14872513,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Monster in your Pants,please help  when ever i satrt it it goes black screen and i cant play :(
,Recommended,298110,20736889,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,ZIGGY5214,"Graphics are Amazing, World is Very Detailed, i would Reccomend this game to anyone who likes Nature and likes to fight"
,Recommended,298110,13810093,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Derpy Dawg,"This game is so awesome, loved fc3 and bought fc4 expecting good things. i was surprised of how awesome it was"
,Not Recommended,298110,22106669,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Doctor Strange,alright i bought this game and downloaded it  just last nightwoke up went to play some and first things first it forces uplayIf that's not bad enough it's bugged the ♥♥♥♥ outevery scene i have to reload because the scripted events did not go offthe very first scene some guy is being tortured but oh wait no he's not he's just sitting there looking at some guythen walk into the next room and for some reason i'm able to knife people with out owning a knifealso all the guys have their weapons on the groundAlso i can't pick them up and i can walk right through themwent to reload and then the same kinda♥♥♥♥♥♥happened to me after the first schedualed eventeven if it was perfect the game looks pretty shity0/10 in my book
76561198149778373,Recommended,298110,24677514,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Blyertspennan,Best game ever! I relly recommend this game boys!
76561198067372342,Recommended,298110,13821578,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,TheD3rp,Like Skyrim with improperly named AK-103s.
,Recommended,298110,13436770,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Wuffen™,Far Cry® 4 is the best hunting simulator game out there
76561198071033208,Recommended,298110,13086129,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Deerlobe,I got shot in the face and healed by cracking my wrist10/10 wrist simulator
76561198157968880,Not Recommended,298110,13809414,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,cool dude,"it don't work, in the first mission i can't climb the rope and continue, i can't climb at all. steam shouldn't be selling broken games if they can't give refunds."
,Not Recommended,298110,14505859,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,↑↑↓↓←→←→BA start,"Won't load, buy it for the PS4 or Xbox One and you'll have less issues I feel."
,Recommended,298110,15028747,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Cow ✔,"""10/3""-COW  ""WAW JUST WAW!""-DOGE  ""AMAZING!""-BIBLEThis game is amazing. The open world is perfect, and the characters always have something to say. In my opinion this is the best FPS of all time, it is not just blatant shooting, but there is a story and show much character and the graphics are beyond picture perfect.JUST ONE WARNING IF YOU HAVE A LAPTOP OR NOT A SUPER FANCY DESKTOP MAKE SURE YOUR COMPUTER CAN RUN IT. IT WON`T OPEN ON MY LAPTOP AND OTHER PEOPLE HAVE THIS ISSUE. YOU [MUST] HAVE AT LEAST A DUAL-CORE PROCESSOR! IT DOES WORK ON MY GAMING DESKTOP THOUGH."
76561197977583520,Recommended,298110,14110418,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,RisMan,Nice game
76561198092988060,Not Recommended,298110,14856013,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,1Tyrael,"I am a long time veteran of far cry since 2005 on the old Xbox and I find this game disasters in multiplayer and don't get me wrong, the mapmaking concept is always a diamond in far cry, but the multi-player aspect of this game is incredibly bad where you basically have... it's guns vs arrows and yes, let me repeat that guns vs. arrows.  It's okay when your side has the guns, but for the arrow side. If you miss once with your bow you are dead and that's just bad gaming design and as for the story. Well, all I can say is that's the only thing this game has going for it, which is why it has a positive rating, but for veterans like me who like to stay and play the multiplayer -the multiplayer is just overwhelmingly bad and please do not bring back these type of game modes in the next game!There is no team death-match or steal the sample or capture the diamond or any of the other game modes that made this game such a gem and why? I am a huge, huge fan of far cry 3 and this game has less customization then far cry 3 and a less than imagination and if you're old school like me do not and I repeat do not, by this piece of crap."
,Recommended,298110,19740277,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Epic Rainbow Kitten😺🌈🦄,Screenshot Simulator 201511/10 Would shoot my screen again
,Not Recommended,298110,22070371,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,IAmNoob,"Game breaking bug, even after more than a year of release. Cannot progress further into Amita's first mission. Stuck at objective 'Destroy the wolf den' even after destroying the den and the den ceiling collapsing."
76561198148518792,Recommended,298110,14668015,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Rozador,Gud :]
,Recommended,298110,14116292,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,[M]azing™,if you have a good computer you will enjoy this game. I love it!
76561197976276953,Recommended,298110,13222661,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Huurp_Duurp,"I am in love with this game! From the beautiful open world, to the story line and excellent voice acting I feel like I'm watching a movie instead of play a game.People may have an issue with Ubisoft and their PC ports, for me, Far Cry 4 rolls smooth as butterFar Cry 4 Gameplay"
76561198014440110,Not Recommended,298110,14460220,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Ruh-Roh Raggy,"It went down to $50 dollars for the weekend, I decided I'd finally get it and see if it was as good as everyone said, after waiting a day for it's 21GB to download, I finally opened it and found I had to make a Uplay account, after jumping through this unnecessary hurdle Uplay was unable to connect to it's servers and I was not able to play Far Cry 4.Worst $50 spent.10/10 would not waste money on a Ubisoft game again."
76561198095104036,Not Recommended,298110,13813527,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,SweatySchmekel,"Wtf fix this whole black screen stuff, I shouldnt have to add and extra files or do anything to make the game work! I payed $47.99, I'd like my game to work the first time I press the 'play' button?! Now this is the reason i dont buy ubisoft's B-S."
,Not Recommended,298110,14008011,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Goudie71,far cry is good but uplay and ubisoft just ♥♥♥♥ed up with the first dlc uplay never lerned from assassin greed issue blood sucking gamecompany never waste any more money on uplay first palce is E A Games second place is ubisucks uplay don tbuy it until the fix the issue and dont ignore people issue customerservice dont lift a finger if u have a issue called them wrote them no answer so much for getting help so dont buy games from them right now until the issue is fix negativ shame on them
,Not Recommended,298110,21595221,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,AMilli0NliGHTS,"The game looks beautiful and plays great, but after just shy of two hours gameplay, I realized that the game won't save my progress. I can't manual save, and the autosave at checkpoints doesn't even work. I searched the internet for a fix for this problem, and I couldn't find one that atually worked. I shouldn't have had to search the internet in the first place, because the game shouldn't have any issues with somehting as simple as saving progress. I feel that this game would have been good, but having issues with saving makes it an automatic thumbs down for me."
,Recommended,298110,13473074,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,wyvern™,It is a good game but I prefer far cry 3!!!!
,Recommended,298110,13412217,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Hróðólfr,"This game is a really fun RPG jam packed with missions and when your stuck or don't want to do a mission you can hunt, Do challenges, and even SideMissions this game is amazing and I would reccomend getting it I played about 25 hours in about 5 days because I enjoyed it so much:)"
76561198173164405,Recommended,298110,15046155,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,[shrekt]Snusmumriken,"I have really mixed feelings for this game, I enjoy playing it but it seems like a rebooted FC3 with very minor changes. I liked FC3 but I wanted more new stuff."
,Recommended,298110,15538692,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,WHILLY,"Hello Every one, I have played through the game and can safely say it is one of the best games i have ever played. The story is interesting, the side quests are fun, and longinus is Just AMAZING. Althogh there where a few gamebreaking bugs, they could be easily been fixed! The graphics are amazing and the Gun are all fun to use! Would recommend"
,Recommended,298110,15526161,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Biscuitism,AAAHJEEYAAAHJEEY PLS
,Recommended,298110,14441640,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Player 1,"I have bought over 100 video games in my life and this is one is by far the best fps I own.  With the campaign, multiplayer, co op, side missions, outpost master and outpost reset, you will never get bored.Graphics 10/10Storyline 9/10Enemy AI 8/10Multiplayer7/10   -   (some glitches with multiple players riding in vehicals)Soundtrack 8/10"
,Recommended,298110,13004081,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Megapuncher,"If you liked far cry 3, you're most likely gonna enjoy this aswell."
76561197975346093,Not Recommended,298110,14699711,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Pumpkin Pussy,"The whole UPlay nonsense adds nothing more than excessive bureaucracy and frustration.  It appears to not work properly with the In-Home Streaming as an added insult.  The game is very beautiful but the controls are convoluted - I assume because this is a D-student console port?I purchased this because I heard good things about the Far Cry series, but as my first purchase into this series, I have to say this game lacks usability, compelling story, and Steam compatibility.  After several hours of game play I'm already bored and annoyed.  Maybe the other games in this series are better."
,Not Recommended,298110,13807964,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Bardach,"4/10. The charicters seemed fake, the story was crap, the game have massive frame drops, and the AI is the worst i've seen in a very long time, the spawns were punishing (worst spot possible), and the wingsuit is a bit bugy sometimes. Hit boxes(for terrain such as boulders with an irregular shape) were off."
76561198047848027,Recommended,298110,13772035,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,TeddyKillers™,"Far cry 4 is a very Good Game you can have hours of fun evan more fun with a friend there is lots of guns but just not enough. The game by itself seems like its half there you lose 5 guns and mission packs without the gold edition or season pass. It seems they are selling half the game and the other half as DLC well i will tell you something Far Cry 3 sure as hell didn't do that its a complete game just a few DLC packs that you dont really need. Anyways lets get onto the gameplay there is lots of things you can do for ♥♥♥♥♥ and giggles and more so as for money few things are Rob a transport truck, liberate a outpost or if you think your up for a challange take a fortress, go hang gliding, ride elephants, jump onto a vehicle and see were they take you, go hunting. and so on. the can be very intense depends what difficulty it is on."
,Recommended,298110,20185362,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,BloodshotGamer525,More Far Cry 3 with some new things to try out like elephant riding into combat. The game is more difficult than Far Cry 3 though at the start in the fact that I actually died a few times when I very rarely died in 3.
,Not Recommended,298110,20774610,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,AR,♥♥♥♥in uplay won't let me connect so i cant see what games i have
,Recommended,298110,20275230,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,prefetch,Very impressive
76561197999104139,Recommended,298110,20287472,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Beamer,This game is wild awesome graphics Lot of guns!!
76561198059945466,Recommended,298110,20307839,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,ThomsUp,This game is awesome !! Like the one before but better !
76561198155888381,Recommended,298110,20329329,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Benji,banta
,Recommended,298110,20384595,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Itchybum,+ Pretty much the entire game- UPlay
76561198137206499,Recommended,298110,20359979,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Hassan,SLAAAAAAAAAAADRRIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIGGGGGGGGG BAAAAAAAAAAAAAJJJJJJJJJJJJJSSSSSSSSSSSS
76561198128927366,Not Recommended,298110,20371969,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,stor snopp,cant play.. startscreen is always black even when i have a controller
76561197965876097,Not Recommended,298110,20308321,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Poley,"I can't play it. There is a black screen when it pops up and it stays there, need some help on how to fix that."
76561198016248583,Not Recommended,298110,20313926,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Sven,garbage.
76561198169078431,Recommended,298110,20314686,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,dtbeast099,Lots of fun many different things to do!!
76561198116728599,Recommended,298110,20315959,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Slicyfood,Didn't destroy any radio tower because I wanted to hear Pagan Min's voice than the DJ
76561197970294733,Recommended,298110,13117071,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,BulletSponge,"Still has alot of bugs. Several quests when complete to not update and require you to close the game. Towers when captured require you to close the game and redo at times. Arena is bugged at times, when your caught in a room and it loads the next rounds enemies your thrown outside and rendered ""unseeable"" so you can get to rank 15 relatively easy with this glitch if you dont close and reload the arena. I can actually go on for a ways about bugs, but I am sure it will all be fixed. Now , since you know the faults, here are the pro's. THE BEST GAME I HAVE PLAYED THE LAST COUPLE OF YEARS! If this does not get game of the year, it would greatly surprise me. Best SandBox game out their. To say this is like Skyrim with guns, would greatly under value this game. It smokes Skyrim. Graphics on Ultra High and I have dual 570s, and I still barely get 60 frames... AMAZING!!!!  This game has it all. MetaScore 9.8."
,Recommended,298110,22465211,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Blocklyn,best game ever
76561198259062082,Recommended,298110,30100860,Posted: 22 February,all,The fappening,nooooooice
76561198131484349,Not Recommended,298110,28924565,Posted: 1 January,all,Kube,everytime a scripted event is supposed to happen it doesn't until i minimize the game how is that fun? imagine doing that in a gunfight. the last straw for me was failing the opening sequence when i was heading for the tower along the path and i failed cause some bs didn't load and i strayed too far from the path. Buyer beware
,Recommended,298110,26497648,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Toxinner,"Awesome game but will only last you about three days until you get bored.Unless you have friends to play, that is."
,Recommended,298110,26857280,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,UnYMauris,9/10 ! Need more dlc missions!
,Not Recommended,298110,27215823,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SirLemonsworth,"Unfortunetly this game went straight to black screen for me, only got it ot work for an hour before the fps tanked.  probably a software issue with my computer from what i can tell.  nbd gonna get a refund, just a bit dissapointed"
76561198089978957,Recommended,298110,28988194,Posted: 3 January,all,hobbelkaas,"Got a sniper rifle, stealth killed all the enemies, got killed by a honey badger.Got a assult rifle, stormed in and killed all the enemies, got killed by a honey badger.Rode an elephant, killed and destroyed everyone and everything, except the honey badger.10/10 would buy and replay over and over again."
76561198255468308,Not Recommended,298110,29259952,Posted: 14 January,all,jerezcan,"This game is pretty awesome and it ticks a lot of boxes.the environment is incredible, weapons and vehicles are awesome, I love the wing suit.However the reason I have developed a deep hatred of this game is the dam windowed mode. when I load it up to the start screen it's a 50/50 chance after it says press any key that it will go to windowed mode and all I see is black, the game is still running fine apart from the fact that the screen is black.Now, if it does load fine and I get a game going I'll be deep into a mission and a background program on my pc has a popup to notify me the dam screen goes black and I have to close the game because there is no way to get back to a visible screen. I have looked into fixing this, but there are so many fixes and they all don't work. not to mention I shouldn't even have to look for a bloody fix in the first place as this should be a click and play ready game. This game came out some time before I bought it so ubisoft should have fixed issues like this well before I purchased it. Unless your patient and are willing to take time to look for a fix or are a computer genius I would be cautious before purchasingthis game as it's wasted SO SO SO many hours of my life in replaying missions and looking for fixes. Now I'm caught up as I'm 56% done but I can't stand the bloody windowed crashing."
76561198354787622,Recommended,298110,28905479,Posted: 1 January,all,CaoTik FaDe,"This game is worth the money , started playing it after a couple minutes I was hooked , I would highly recommended."
,Recommended,298110,27170903,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Private Pistachio,By far the best game I have ever played. The combat and stealth aspects of the game is unbelievable. I cannot fault this game in any way!
,Recommended,298110,15454481,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,YsYp,Great Game!!!
,Not Recommended,298110,13489711,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,VulcanJew,"Game is completely broken if you try to play with a controller. ♥♥♥♥ you, Ubisoft."
,Recommended,298110,14029444,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Velzora,"Personally, I love the game although after playing for awhile some things would feel repetitive.Coming from someone who played Far Cry 3, Far Cry 4 would feel just like a improved version of FC3 like the Co-Op campaign and Elephant/New weapons also my favourite Buzzer which helps you to clear Radio Tower without effort. I took about 60 hours to do a 100% Completion.ConclusionIf you love to explore and venture in the wild you would probably love this game.But if you're more into the story, unfortunately your time spent in this game would be in a flash."
,Recommended,298110,23276229,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,pink monkey,more far cry 3
,Recommended,298110,21367340,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,John Travolta,"This is a great game. Great campain, Great grafics and great Co-Op/multiplayer.Altho for an even better campain play Far Cry 3!"
76561198138121835,Recommended,298110,22578983,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,babadoook,"how can i start the game? when i click play, Uplay will pop out and requested to log in my Uplay account but i dont have one. if i create new Uplay account it says server not available."
76561198142749308,Recommended,298110,13119596,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Butterbean Davies,"Had my eyeballs gouged out by an eagle, before being killed by a rhino. Yeah 10 cheeky buggers out of 10."
,Recommended,298110,30896534,Posted: 2 April,all,Bean Claude,"10/10 would recommend just to hear gunmen shout ""madarch*d"" in Hindi in a video game."
76561198080443462,Not Recommended,298110,18260198,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,casinowilhelm,"This game full of bugs and basically broken. I persevered for a while having got it cheap in a steam sale but have now given up on it.Some of the major bugs include:- Missions not starting or ending properly- Broken NPCs standing around stationary or missing from missions- Save gave doesn't work throught the entire prologue section- Graphical glitches (including entire villages, bridges etc not loading)- weird screen resolution issues when trying to go fullscreen- onscreen text not appearing (eg when collecting objects or searching bodies)Using an i7 2600k and a gtx 970, 32gb ram.Considering the amount of flak batman got earlier this year for a few graphical glitches, I was at least able to play the whole thing through and enjoy it. This thing is way beyond that in terms of problems and seems to have got away with it. Maybe nobody cares about far cry. I know I don't, judging by this one.The game itself seems ok decent ish graphics but you get way too much money early on so you can basically buy everything you want as soon as it's unlocked. Even when it worked i still found myself getting bored pretty quickly."
76561198120273486,Not Recommended,298110,21021422,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,weeb,if i wanted to play a stealth game i would of bought a stealth game
76561198051674390,Not Recommended,298110,17910904,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Purple Chapter,"One of the WORST games i own. COOP is USELESS-CONS:-1. Game runs on UPLAY + Steam . If u accidently open both game freezes PC.-2. Nightmare to conect with friends. U can easily conect to random people But if u want to conect with friend see argument ""1."".-3. Constant conection issues (""Try again later"")-4. CONSTANT game synchronization issues. (U are killed by the enemy u canot see).-5. Apsolutely no content.. U have only 4 missions TAKE A BASE (kill 2-4 guys), ASSASSINATE (kill 2-4 guys), RESCUE HOSTAGES (kill 2-4 guys silently), Escort the truck (kill 2-4 guys by folowing the truck). THATS IT.... free roaming gets old after 10 min of gameplay.+PROS:+ Game has a perfect base Free roam, Good graphix, Fluid AI movement in multiplayer, awesome guns, cars... BUT..... Uplay+ conection issues + Nothing to do in a game KILLS THE GAME AFTER 10-20 MIN. feels like u play some sort of early access sandbox which has good base but nothing to do in game."
76561198026907493,Recommended,298110,13017505,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,FireCat,"Killed an eagle with a granade launcher while paragliding, so if you would like to kill endangered animals with high explosives etc. I do reccomend this title very much."
,Not Recommended,298110,13837243,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Jack Burton,"First impressions after eight hours of play...Weak...weak, weak... The story is so paper-thin, the character most engaging is Pagan Min.Weapons are underpowered so as to give their silly skill progressions merit, you will empty a magazine into a honey badger or a pig in an effort to kill it.Crafting? copy/paste from farcry 3 (i.e. nothing to write home about, superceeded by many free-to-play flash player games that have a crafting element.)Weak a.i.; a world of randomly occuring generated mini-events that within a few hours begin to repeat themselves with such ferocity, I felt like I was stuck in a Groundhog-day loop. soul-less character acting (except for again, Pagan Min, who you only encounter as far as I know through radio broadcasts.)Sure, it looks nice, but no-nicer than FC3 (Ultra settings, runs smoothly)   & as such pretty laughable as a AAA title.  I'll update this after more hours of play, but for now; not impressed.DO yourself a favor, wait till it's under $30 with all the DLC's for free."
,Recommended,298110,29033515,Posted: 5 January,all,Moonman,Lit dope fresh AF
,Recommended,298110,29038963,Posted: 5 January,all,Milkman,you can finally be a bollywood actor.
76561198115317913,Recommended,298110,30963562,Posted: 5 April,all,Maynard James Keenan,First things firstGame is really cool from open world to guns to hunting wild animals. Full of all types of fun.Surely 1 step ahead of FC3Things i recommend or would expect from next Far cry would be:1. Longer story mission2. Side mission to go in parallel with story.3. More community servers to play co-opI would rate this game as 7/10 and definetly recommend.
76561198198985990,Recommended,298110,31510488,Posted: 2 May,all,gytux89(SolidTyz),Not a bad open world game
,Recommended,298110,31495753,Posted: 1 May,all,ObtainedYeti,neat
76561198257969308,Recommended,298110,25927824,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Yotthap,"Well, this game is like an alternate history of Nepal, communist party in 1994.So we're rebels, gonna kill that fabulous king."
76561197964214568,Recommended,298110,14141335,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Pit00r,"It's Far Cry, what do you expect. You can put a mine in a bucket and kick it to your enemies or simply blow up bears and elephants."
76561197970572741,Recommended,298110,14126752,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,swicz,Gameplay and graphics are awesome. The story line is just horrible. I still enjoyed the game but my god the story line was just plain stupid.  The amount of different gun and open world was fun. I hardly drove anywhere. I just walked or flew with the wingsuit. I paid just under full price and never reqreted it. This was well worth my money for the entertainment I recieved.
76561198051420248,Recommended,298110,25919622,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,UK Royal Mail,"Well, this is my first review, I guess I can only give some brief comments on this game.What's awesome:+Graphics: you can enjoy the beautiful scenery while killing  8/10+Open world: I like open-world games, so I would like to include this into my list of buy-it+Diversity: from weapons, syringes, vehicles to all kinds of animals you can kill either for their skin or purely for fun,                 these all in combination leave you much room to explore different ways of killing (yes, this is what I love most about this game..).What's to  be improved;-Missions are alike: after 10 hours' playing, you would find you repeat doing the same thing, and what NPCs say is also the same everytime.-Ubisoft servers suck!  I don't know whether it is my network's problem or what, I just couldn't connect to the server most of the time. Occasionally, I could match a game after more than 3 minutes' waiting, after which I enjoyed 5-6 minutes' being slaughtered with 300-500 ms' ping, after which I was disconnected due to connection failure.Well, after 30 hours' playing, I think I won't open this game too often anymore, few things are new for me in there. But I think it's worth the money, so I guess I'll recommend this game."
,Recommended,298110,25944502,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Steal Beams Can't Melt Jet Fuel,"Fantastic game, graphics, story, mehcanics. Amazing game"
76561197970489148,Recommended,298110,25955446,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,simmdan,really fun game especially custom maps
76561198098342233,Recommended,298110,29793675,Posted: 8 February,all,Graykat,Great game really fun but not as good as Farcry 3.Really like the custom maps
,Recommended,298110,14135538,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,DannysEyepatch,"I was hunting down a Honey Badger to upgrade my gear when, suddenly, I was attacked by a Bengal Tiger...I screamed for the Honey Badger, ""HELP ME! PLEASE!!!""Honey Badger didn't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥.."
76561198125023851,Recommended,298110,14134097,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Chucky,I just love it. Few problems here and there but none the less i love it.
,Recommended,298110,32624863,Posted: 21 June,all,ZapSnap,"pretty fun; fast paced and bittersweet, #honeybadgergenocide 8/10"
76561198352718138,Recommended,298110,32608224,Posted: 20 June,all,banana_fanna,"First review, sweet game, worth the money. Very interactive and free-roaming first-person shooter game."
,Recommended,298110,17094299,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Glarity,For a couple of months my dlc didn't show up in Uplay but now it does. Other than that its super fun. Trying to but a game and play on Uplay: 2/10 Game: 11/10
,Recommended,298110,33261974,Posted: 4 July,all,RocketMan,Dope
,Recommended,298110,31657771,Posted: 9 May,all,TriggerHappy,It's cool i guess
,Recommended,298110,20158673,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,ramblin evil mushroom,its good
,Recommended,298110,34714357,Posted: 3 September,all,TheDiamondDuck,"What a game... incredible storyline, incredible graphics, amazing gameplay, and you will be playing for more than 20 hours and you will only be 20% done with the game. Definitely recommend."
,Not Recommended,298110,32854617,Posted: 27 June,all,gaylord,"save your money kids, buy drug instead"
76561197999069631,Not Recommended,298110,20369796,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,FuehrerinFerkel,"IF you like Far Cry 3 you get more of the same.The map is huge and filled with endless collect this and that type of quests.Many missions are badly designed though and the selection of weapons is rather limited.All in all i have to give a thumbs down. Not that the game is terrible, but i think it is worse than 3.Also it makes the impressions of a game, that was quickly thrown together to make more money of the work they did on Far cry 3.Not a game you have to play."
,Recommended,298110,32451290,Posted: 15 June,all,illfillin,love the campain hate the multiplayer. teams spawn as follows:  team red gets guns and team blue get bows for half the match then server changes and the bow side now gets gun and the gun side now gets bows. Weird stuff but in game world on a boring day i'd try anything once.
76561198201274623,Recommended,298110,25910087,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,erixes^^,Najlepsza czesc serii :DDDD
76561198075495172,Recommended,298110,14477107,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Make7,5/10Everything is good except for the gunplay. Feels like I am shooting a pellet gun.
76561198111210275,Recommended,298110,27039385,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mr TurDMuF1NM4N,"The Story is nowhere near as deep and commanding as Far Cry 3, but the visuals are stunning and the map is huge. The accents can be really annoying, but it's got so many positives that it's definitely worth the buy."
,Recommended,298110,14469792,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Donaldus Rex,I rode a ♥♥♥♥ing elephant 100/10
76561198053983085,Recommended,298110,23212744,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Jebnert,I have played through this game multiple times and it is my go to game when I want to just rampage around in a game that has very fun gun-play.  The plot is mediocre but the actually gameplay is a blast.
,Recommended,298110,22231926,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,deuces,skyrim in the zoo
,Recommended,298110,15441535,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Mangel,Finished the game in 30 minutes because I ACTUALLY LISTENED to what the cool guy said. Loads of feels.10/10 IGN
76561198168875890,Recommended,298110,20135779,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,gravling forte,this game is swell
,Recommended,298110,21162691,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,justensamson (Chuckles),"After playing the game on Playstation, I found that the PC version is truely the greatest.  Not only does this game look nice on Ultra for PC, the map editor is easier and gives more than Playstation.  PC is truely the master race for gaming; for this was a great game on PC!"
76561198053306268,Recommended,298110,21163875,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Marcel Adams,You can ride elephants.Enough Said.
,Recommended,298110,21175539,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Monkerlotus,"It's Farcry 3 but... 4.  It's good, play it,Uplay is non-issue, people just hate for no actual reasons, it links to steam, you never have to see it again after first launch."
76561198171711702,Recommended,298110,21166262,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,stay cool bird boy,Game is good. No questions asked.The bad reviews from what I read are just them being♥♥♥♥♥♥at the game.
,Not Recommended,298110,21176785,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,paulandron,"Had this game 12 months, it will not start, have re downloaded it several times, Steam say's I have played it for 3 hours which is a blatent LIE, I have no idea what the game looks like, they have taken £44 off me, thats robbery..:("
76561197973488287,Recommended,298110,13029844,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,The Toaster Oven,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0WVBbsB6aos&list=UUz_cDc_2arKIb6SlJoqFT0wThis video adequately describes any and all Far Cry 4 experiences.10/10
76561198090685567,Recommended,298110,21164106,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Tsugumori,"Far Cry 3 with a different theme!Is that such a bad thing, no.Its sublime, its fun, its beautiful, it sounds good and its open world.Real open world, not like some other games claim to be, like Metal Gear or the Witcher (what a joke).Help the local militia fight the evil regime that has fallen over Kyrat, and fulfil your destiny.Or just say...I dont give a f*ck!Here Apu have a slab of meat *out comes a tiger*.Fly, drive, run, sneak, swim, climb your way in and out of any thing you can think of.Chat up with the locals, or photograph the wildlifeDo whatever you want, because you dont give a f*ck.Too much fun.Top Tip: Please, its an open world so dont break the immersion.DONT FAST TRAVEL.Go on foot, drive, fly or swim and live the game."
,Not Recommended,298110,20194646,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,h0rst aber herzlich,"I really loved playing Far Cry 3. It was simply amazing, and so i hoped it will be the same for Far Cry 4. But... meeehhhh...! It's not even close to being awesome. I don't care about any character in the game and to be honest, i want to punch all of them in the face for being idiots.So unless you did not play Far Cry 3, better get it instead of this one.When Far Cry 4 is on sale, and you're bored, you might want to test it out. I paid something like 12€ while it was on sale, and it was worth it compared to the time i played it. But if you ask if i think this is a good game, i have to sayNO.If i change my mind when (or if) i finish it, i will update this review...."
76561198042759367,Not Recommended,298110,20199588,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,AndyDide,"CO-OP ISSUES, likely to return for refund.   I play mostly coop fps games.  As I understand it, you can't play coop UNTIL you play single player.  FC3 is fine for Co-op, but it changed substantially with 4.  I don't play single player games.   There is a good explaination of the SEVERE coop limitations and PRIOR WORK REQUIRED to play coop atco-optimus.com.(/review/1428/page/2/far-cry-4-co-op-review.html)     ....and to think I have been waiting for this to go on sale cuz I liked 3."
,Recommended,298110,30101573,Posted: 22 February,all,[KLM Virtual - Owner] Hascast,"Just completed the game and it was amazing! More then amazing! I have no words. Etreemely beautiful game ( Running on Ultra ) great gameplay, briliant story! Exelente everything! I wold kill to get Far Cry 5 & 6 & 8 & 9 etc now......... Time to finish Far Cry 3 then 2 xD"
76561198027282216,Not Recommended,298110,33736742,Posted: 22 July,all,Evilrais,"Crashes to desktop when joining a friend in co-op mode. He joines my game, he crashes. I join his game, I crash.Did a quick google search and this issue is over 2 years old. Come on Ubisoft. Fix your crap gamesSpent 3 hours of my evening with UBISOFT chat who keep telling me that its an issue on my end.  Completed Everything they asked me to.  Still not able to connect with friends for co-op play... Which is the reason i bought this game."
,Recommended,298110,13246967,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Ethaninja,"The graphics are about the same as Far Cry 3. Which isn't a problem. That game was beautiful. The environment in this game isn't as breathtaking, with mountain ranges that you would hope to climb being in ""Out of Bounds"" areas. Restricting you to the basin the game is set in. Which is a shame given the rope climing mechanics they implemented into the game. You have also been given a wingsuit, which unfortunately, apart from Bell Towers and the occasional steep hill, doesn't give you many ""height"" opportunites.The stealth aspect of this game is broken. Purely in the sense of bad key-bindings. Melee is the same as picking up a body. Which sounds great, except that any enemy in the  vicinity that hears your knife silently slicing through a dead corpse will immediately start a search path. Ruining any stealth surprise you may have hoped for. Why is this an issue? Well because the prompts don't always show up to ""Pick up a body"" when you hit the button, so if you are executing your plan in a swift motion, you will more than likely screw it up. This is a problem with shared keybindings.You might be thinking: ""So what, just use your gun you pansy"". While I normally would, there is the occasional ""Stealth is Required"" missions. In which the only way to guarentee silence is to use the takedowns. Because even though somebody might not have shouted out, if that detection bar hits full, reguardless of if he shoots or shouts or not, you WILL be detected by EVERYBODY.Combat is fun, although a little annoying at times, with the mouse sensitivity issues as per other people have been reporting, with a patch yet to be released to fix it. There are other bugs such as people and vehicle glitching out. You'll be sneaking up on somebody, and then they'll teleport or jump"". Usually into a position that spots you."
,Recommended,298110,14909746,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Punkotronic,"wonderful gameTHE GOODIES:- pretty- cool radio music- new enemies allow for a different strategy of approach- different environments and more tools allow for more options of liberating outposts, hunting, and killing enemies- new ride-able elephants allow for more fun and again, approach- new bait for using against enemies and for getting skins- death from above takedown now allows for knife, gun, and grenade takedowns for sticky situations- some new weapons (mostly signature)- helpful feature of shooting while driving and doing takedowns to enter a vehicle next to you- new events such as the fc3 blood dragon's hostage side quests and random karma events, as for cargo truck takeovers- more features from singleplayer brought to multiplayer- co-opTHE NOT SO GOOD GOODIES:- no more multiple saves- borderless causes screen tearing (may be fixed, solution I know is to press alt and enter)- removed some attachments (i think)- multiplayer golden path mg42 too opoverall good gamenot gonna put some ign 10/10 crap or some silly 11/10 or some ""i ran over a donkey and it spewed feces""yeah"
76561198124950341,Not Recommended,298110,15571461,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Kodiak907,open very rarely and tends not to save
76561198139913872,Recommended,298110,33874581,Posted: 29 July,all,CANuSayBlunt,"Good game, but for some reason 60 fps solid with vsync seems very choppy."
76561197972521061,Not Recommended,298110,33874917,Posted: 29 July,all,Omnivore,"Game is still bug ridden. Annoying even at 75% off.> Often Freezes> Textures won't render and you get stuck in world geometry> When you finish races, it suddenly floors your vehicle to full throttle so you can crash hilariously into a wall.Pros: It still has blowing up stuff, which is fun, but Far Cry 2 had that with less bugs."
,Recommended,298110,27728539,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Excalibus,Awsome FPS free roam is awsome. Uplay is not annoying it is very goood because it gives you rewards and achievements.
,Not Recommended,298110,18465660,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Jacket,Black ♥♥♥♥in screen
76561198007330588,Not Recommended,298110,33817249,Posted: 26 July,all,Crisis,Crash fest. worst game ever
,Recommended,298110,30220402,Posted: 27 February,all,𝔊 𝓔𝓪𝔃𝔂 Trade-Skins.com,This series is amazing and this part is an absolute killer! Go for it.
76561198127559577,Not Recommended,298110,17531686,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,jacklegkaze,"Good story, with some good characters (much better then Far Cry 3).  Fun for the first and a half time through, but if you have a good strategy it gets old fast.Oh, and Uplay is annoying."
,Recommended,298110,21945968,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,happycarrot50,Good but 3 was better 10/15
,Recommended,298110,14979848,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,esampson24,"I have never had a fear of eagles, then I bought Far Cry 4.10/10 would get spooked again"
,Recommended,298110,13990085,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Devils16,Farcry 4 is a very fun and exciting game! you can have loads of fun by yourself or with your freinds. the only thing that is bad is that you have to complete the first 8 missions to get Coop wich isnt very hard (around 90mins). the other bad thing is that it is VERY laggy on my computer and i have a decent computer. i get around 15frames. over all this is worth the 60$ and you will have tons of fun!Add me is you have any Quesions!!!
,Not Recommended,298110,21506525,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,mackkings,do not buy.!!!  it does not load and ther is no way to fix it my  pc specs arewin 10 prointel(R) Core(TM)  i7-4790k cpu @ 4.00GHzRAM 16.0GB64bit Operating System x64-based processorTITAN X 12GIG SLI
76561198043449025,Recommended,298110,25552069,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,LonergoD,Funny!
76561198238336442,Not Recommended,298110,28808166,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,i4n66,i got this game thinking it was going to be fun but the multipalyer doesnt work and thats what i want to play.and i want to return the game but i sat afk in the game and it says i have played 3 hours and i camt return the game.
76561198053092860,Recommended,298110,24592688,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,CinderClaw,Can You Play Far Cry 4 With Windows 10?Btw Love The Game!!!
76561198016107198,Not Recommended,298110,28496967,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,mikeytron,"This game started ouy very boring but then got better but has been plagued by ""Far Cary has stopped working"". This is the only game that I have that has had this problem. Game cache checked all the standard stuff. But the worst part is when the game crashes everything you have done is gone up to that point unless you have a lucky save. This is an open world game and therfore you should be able to save anywhere but you cannot. There are special places where you can. I'm not a fan of this story but kept going anyway. The Bell Towers I liked and graphics are pretty good. Gameplay is boring later on. Same audio over and over. ""You can't win"" I'm going to shoot you in the face"". Over and over. If I could save at will it would make this game better. Then I could have worked through the crashes and then it would not have been as discouraging. I have seen posts where others will stand up for this game. I will not. Again I kind of liked it but on my rig and my OS Windows 10 it was mediocre at best. I finished about half of it around 25hrs. worth. Tonight I just finally got  fed up with it. I also found out that this game does not have a huge folowing. It is much harder to find information online than other titles. Also I despise U-play. I have Steam I don't want or need U-Play but am forced to do so. It is nothing more than an annoyance and in fact may have caused many of my game stoppage problems. This is the only Ubisoft title  I have and wil be the only Ubisoft title I ever have. Normally I am not really highly critical of games. Some I'm good at. Some I'm not. I EXPECT a game to run with minimal intervention. My job is to give a publisher money and then they give me product that runs. Again an open world game where you cannot save anywhere. Makes no sense. Many earlier games like all the Stalker series which I beat them all...you could save anywhere and that made a big difference when the game crashed. If I had one major beef it would be for the developers to have better save points. I believe this game is a port to the PC from the console. This makes it bad. In fact I know people who have played this game with better success on the console. Not me sorry. I'm a PC guy. I selected not recommended but it is a toss up at best."
,Recommended,298110,13490952,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Ampersammich,"This is a really great game that I gladly sacrificed many of my hours to. And there is still so much more to do. It is the simplistic Far Cry series gameplay and open world action set in an interesting environment full of towers to take, animals to hunt and a dictator to take down. It is a much better step in the right direction with the story as well, which focuses on the homecoming of the son of a man devoted to freeing his country from a facist leader. Super fun and I highly recommend checking it out, even if it's just because you are looking for a game you can easily play for more than 30 hours.More of my take on this game can be found athttp://fovgames.com/2014/12/03/far-cry-4/if you don't believe me yet."
,Recommended,298110,28956917,Posted: 2 January,all,G00nie_NZ,Sweet game graphics are amazing and pretty good story line
,Not Recommended,298110,14458406,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,TsarPotato(tradeskinsfast.com),"Great game, bought it on steam, turns out to run bad in PC. Get it for Xbox or PS4"
76561198000934938,Not Recommended,298110,21427532,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Umaru-chan,"Sometimes you just play with bow and arrow, and sometime get creepy in mission while haunted by demons and ghost.How come you got nice weapons but using primal weapons?"
76561197999335975,Not Recommended,298110,14093529,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,AOD_Jones*,At least it looks good.. I would of liked some more hours out of this game .. But I feel like I am always just in FC3 the whole time and this game is just as easy. I'll take care in Ubisoft pre-orders in the future.
,Recommended,298110,13224290,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,King Clay467,"Easily one the most recomendable games on steam right now, a must have"
76561198142136820,Recommended,298110,32230552,Posted: 6 June,all,Everybody has a Plumbus!,"It took me a solid twenty hours to complete the campaign, and will take at least another 200 hours of just messing around. The missions are interesting and make you question morals, and the free-roaming aspect is remarkable. Probably my favorite open world game right behind Red Dead Redemption."
76561197960603446,Not Recommended,298110,20190116,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,zmacker,you're better of buying far cry 3 on a steam sale rather then this overprized dlc
76561197970078168,Recommended,298110,13114640,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,hermetico,"HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.It had an issue when released that made the game to crash when some USB controller was plugged. Now, fixed with patch 1.4.0.Graphics are perfect. Characters movements are absolutely real, as well as face motion but, not only in main characters or just people, animals move as the real thing. Incredible!.The world map is huge, variate and interesting enough.Everything is alive and, random. You can be trying to get a post and then, several wild animals attack you; if you shoot them, you discover your position. ha ha ha. You should see how an eagle gets a goat or any other animal, how rinos charge against your car, etc. Awesome!.Respect of FC3, a few more weapons, vehicles and, everything together was added.There are some psicodelic missions and, some interesting new side quests or missions.Missions on the snow and ice are specially good and, the escape from the prision is apotheosic (I've even seen the Yeti !!!).The game delivers lots of playing hours and, scenarios are so good that it's funny to explore the whole map. High re-playability and, the possibility to play it in cooperative mode (campaign).It has also some Multiplayer online game modes, which I didn't test so, I have no opinion, yet.In the bad side, I could only say that to understand how to continue the main plot(s) takes a while and that, there are so many key assignments. IMHO, the interface could be reduced a lot to fewer keys, to make it easier to control your character  / vehicles / weapons.Ok. Ubisoft failed delivering a game that hung if you had any USB device plugged (fixed with patch 1.4.0), what made angry to most of players, which were expecting the release date to death. This included myself, as well.But, the amount of effort behind this game is colossal. Another great work from Ubisoft Montreal, a joy of game programming.It worths the money."
,Recommended,298110,29112371,Posted: 8 January,all,Choppywee,"This game took a while for it to grow on me, every now and then I'd play it. Sure I'd have fun, but I just never REALLY liked it.But it just took me playing some more to see its charm, and to be willing to push on to get the locked items I wanted.Graphics are not bad, Rpg elements, Open world, tons of things to do, arena wave fighting, weapons that are customizable, stealth gameplay, TONS OF things offered within this hidden gem of a game. PLUS... you can coop what the heck more do you need? heh hem a new stalker game, but lol thats a different conversation.Either way this game is epic, and I feel any type of gamer would enjoy this. 50$ value absolutely however its only 30 when not on sale. If your on the edge, dont be, jump and youll be caught."
,Recommended,298110,13853722,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Welshie,"Fantastic game.The open world looks amazing with well done animals and characters (eagles are annoying tho).The map is great and is quite different to other games as it is based on the biggest mountains in the world.There is so much to do which you can do at your own pace even if you complete the main campaign there are still many other side missions and collectables.This game also has the choices affect the outcome of the game which is always something that has appealed to me and makes it replayable to see the different outcomes.The character interactions are hilarious some of the things said in the game had me in tears.Something I love about this game is the need to unlock areas by doing certain tasks like taking out bell towers then the outposts and finally the fortress I really liked this aspect of the game.The weapons are amazing and there are quite a few to unlock while playing.I would recommend playing single player then co-op if you can find some friends who like to play as well.I never encounted any bugs while playing the only issue I had the entire time would be when trying co-op there are times when you both get disconnected for no reason.I am disappointed that there were no Steam achievements although there are Uplay achievements.You will need to have Uplay installed and an account.I would recommend this game to anyone, I am going to be playing it again to try out other choices in the game.I have had no experience with Far Cry 1,2 and 3 so I can't base this review off them.I would recommend getting during sales and not at full price."
,Recommended,298110,24374904,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,VII,Really fun game to play w/ your friends alone not really..
,Recommended,298110,27459995,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,FoPFoG,One of the best Open World game. It's timeless to play and great story line!
76561198030096654,Recommended,298110,22109854,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,noma,mg lucky on memorys its show R.I.P to nicalos not R.I.P to gleen and so the gorbege can went torse him gleen should hide under there until tharal comesI am so happy gleen is alive.... and lol JASAIAH screens at TV saying we hate u nicalo
76561198124153092,Recommended,298110,15039259,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,SHIIIIV,Accuracy in seting is sooooooooooooo good. Hindi is on point and the game is worth the full £40 just for the way it looks. Unbelievable job. Well doen Ubisoft.
76561198031107223,Not Recommended,298110,18793447,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Vaegan,"Okay, where to start..IntroductionThe fourth installment of the Far Cry series takes place in Asia, which of course already is a big minus to begin with. The fact that you have to deal with those degenerates as your enemies lightens it up a little, but who would want the Far Cry experience to go down in a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ like that? Exactly, no one. The fact that your typical no nonsense guy and grade A badass super villain from Far Cry 3 gets replaced by a queer Asian ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ wearing pink pants all the time makes it even worse. Seriously, pink pants..?TechnologyThe game's graphics, visual, physical and sound effects remain unmatched as we know it. The scenery and depth of view is stunning and mind boggling as always. However, compared to its predecessor, Far Cry 4 has little to none improvements to offer. It's basically the same with minor changes here and there. Not what you expect from the next generation of Far Cry.GameplayThe missions and bonus objectives are good. The primary campaign offers you more than 50 hours of game time, given the fact that you do at least some of the side missions, which there are plenty to choose from. Your old friend Agent Willis from Far Cry 3 has also returned and gives as some really cool black ops action to take part in and on the Himalayas. The downside, however are the Shangri'La missions, where you have to take on the role of some ancient superhero of Indian mythology, armed with a giant knife and a time slowing bow (really?!), accompanied by a super strong tiger that can tear everything and everyone down in a hat's drop. Apart from the fact that this setting already is just a little over the top, it is just... weird. The next block of side missions involve a pair of Australian junkies who took over your parents' place and you literally have to weed them out first in order to get access to their missions. Those, once unlocked, involve yourself getting injected with some psychoactive drug by those borderline annoying ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, then being dropped somewhere in the middle of nowhere and having to find back your way to the Aussie hipsters, all the while being severely intoxicated, stripped of all your gear and restricted to walking. Since some of the high end skills in your skill tree can only be unlocked by beating through this nonsense, the game pratically forces you to take on those moronic quests every once in a while. Yea, dumb.PerformanceNeedless to say, you need a high end rig setup in order to play this game. However, the thing that will most likely keep throwing you off the most are the constant and frequent crashes, which really ruined my experience. An hour of liberating outposts and radio towers while grinding for rare skins, better weapons and making tons of money? You can say goodbye to all of that once the game decides you're progressing way too fast and throws you back on your desktop, arising the irresistible urge inside of you to shut your screen through a wall.This is going to happen gradually, all the way from the start through the finish line. At some point, you will start raging and condemning Ubisoft for their utter failure to create a stable engine and actually publish the game when it's.. finished?ConclusionI hope this gave you folks a good idea on the disappointing nature of Far Cry 4 and whether or not you should waste your money on it. Unless this game is on sale or comes in bundly with a reduced price tag, you shouldn't toss your bucks out of the window tho, in my humble opinion."
,Recommended,298110,22963641,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,rospec,Only game I played where I need 3 AK Magazines to kill a Honey BadgerHoneyBadger/10
,Recommended,298110,16157149,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Womse Tomse,"One of the best Sandbox games, I've ever played. Unfortunately, when you have completed the missions, it gets boring.6/10 would buy"
76561198018596064,Recommended,298110,13615897,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,(BSRP)Dank_Fatty,Used Elephant with C4 to blow up convoy.11/10
,Recommended,298110,12996193,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,"Bernie ""silver strats"" Sanders",Uplay play is down10/10 would cannot play again
76561198007353077,Recommended,298110,12992296,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Hornex,Excellent game with a great storyline so far.
76561198082971847,Recommended,298110,12994785,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Nimunax,Realy good if you ask me the game has the fun in the wild the world and the streets what ever i don't know how mush i have i don't know how to say it to this game xD but i made wolf's eat wolf's and i kept throwimg Meat at them and i had a car whit 3 wheels one of dose taxie's you know what i mean and i was driving like a crazy drunk person whel buy it you wil not regret it
,Recommended,298110,12992285,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,mitsubi,"H!, sli still dont work, but i made it work well after enabling UNITY dx11 sli profile in nvidia inspector, now it run fast and smooth on maxed nvidia settings. Looks like nvidia have to provide drivers with proper profile, but still run great with unity profile."
76561198138265071,Not Recommended,298110,21326780,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,avoidingthecuddle,"SoLet's start with bad things:-It crashes almost always when I try to launch it-Uplay-I somehow lose progress every time I ""save"" and quit-I bought this game cuz it was supposted to have coop campaign but you cant actually play the story missions coop and not having done the missions restricts your skilltrees and accessability in the worldNice things:+It looks pretty+Vehicle music is goodUbisoft game company of the century/10"
,Not Recommended,298110,21297778,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Shandrolis,"buggiest farcry to date, can not recommend"
76561198134390538,Not Recommended,298110,30874023,Posted: 1 April,all,eaarulkumar,"I love this game. No I actually love it with all my heart. But. There is a glitch that when you open the game renders it unplayable - the audio works but there are no visual. But as to the actual content of this game - wooaahhhh; maybe my pc cant run it, but daammmmnnnn what a game everything you need in a game to keep you on it"
,Recommended,298110,25006851,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,вodyвag,Finally completed all the endings.  First Far Cry I've played since 2 and that was a while ago so the repetetiveness is not something that bothered me.  Kyrat is beautiful to explore which is hindered by the Eagle epedemic.Picked up in one of the steam sales and will probably add Valley of the Yeti's the next time it's discounted.
76561198030383673,Not Recommended,298110,33872102,Posted: 28 July,all,Good Guy Sauron,"I have been following the far cry series since far cry instinct and FC predator. I really liked FC 2 back then and was amazed by FC3. The devs. weren't afraid to create new concepts, mechanics, etc. for their games back then. But this 4th far cry is actually the first to disappoint me. It is nothing but a copy of FC 3 for the most part of the game. the only different thing this installment has to offer that wasn't already in FC 3 are the elephants.  I honestly regret buying this game. If you ever feel like playing FC 4, don't bother. Just go play FC 3, you'll get the same thing for much cheeper and you won't encourage the devs to keep on copying their own game."
,Recommended,298110,21107887,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,GUX,"jogo fantastico, otimos graficos"
,Recommended,298110,14750049,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,The Alpaca Male,>Bought game>Stabbed everyone>shoots rhino>lived10/10
,Recommended,298110,22062747,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Sollaholla,"Awesome game, I'm starting to have a lot of fun playing it. I totally recommend this for the casual gamer. Haven't played to much of this yet, and it's quite out dated but, so far having a great experience!"
76561198041975791,Recommended,298110,16543041,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,momastic,You ride an elephant and shoot guns 10/10
76561198053979500,Recommended,298110,13820388,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,arcticFeline,Saw an eagle pick up a monkey and drop it from fifty feet to its inevitable death. Did the same thing with a boar. Proceeded to terrorize the local population.10/10
,Recommended,298110,12992275,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,snoopy8312,"Best game of 2014This was a hesitant purchase after the cluster that was assassins creed unity, my faith in Ubisoft had dropped to an alltime low.  Then Ubisoft redeemed itself with Far Cry 4.The Good-----Zero Technical Issues (great FPS/Graphics) running on very high with a slightly above average PC-Beautiful Graphics combined with beautiful setting.-Embraces the ""Do it your way"" mentality allowing gamers to play how they find the game fun to to play-New additions to traditional Far Cry mechanics do not feel gimmiky (Grapping rope climbing and mountain climbing actually fun? never thought i would say that after so many years of holding a button to climb..glances at assassins creed)-All the menial tasks typical of Ubisoft Games (Hunting, Liberating outpost, ETC) feel challenging and Unique rather than repetitive and annoying (looking at you Assassins Creed)-Larger Map, More Random things to do (that are actually fun) distracting me from main missions,-COOP is an absolute blast, and actually works.-Enemy NPC's and Wildlife are deadly, Hunting Honey Badgers has led to me running for my life-Expanded Weapon and Vehicle Arsenal allowing numerous more methods of destroying your enemyThe Less than Good (but still not bad)----The Skill Tree, Is rather small and while each of the upgrades is significant, it does not take long to acquire skills-Climbing Towers to gain access to the visiable area map.   I am personally tired of this mechanic from Ubisoft and find it tedious and silly after so many years of climbing something in their games just to see whats in the area, roll the dice try something new.This is an early review lacking much of the storyline and other aspects of the game and will be updated.. That said, 5 hrs into game I rate at:10/10"
,Recommended,298110,14465632,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Chrundle,"Like far cry 3 , but more exotic . Which is people talk for awesome ."
,Not Recommended,298110,22616403,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,LouisIsntMafia,"As soon as i start the game, the fps drops right to 2. This is most likely a software glitch as my PC is fine with any other game:CPU: AMD-6300 6 core 3.5ghzGraphics: GT 610 2gbRAM: 16gbnot impressed"
,Recommended,298110,13618439,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,"In for a penny, in for a pound",It keeps crashing
76561198141413775,Recommended,298110,13620072,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,TheJewishDank,How do I fix the black screen?
76561198072604727,Not Recommended,298110,13619919,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,(Den) Денчик,"Uplay doesn't work for me. I can't login, so i can't really say anything about the game cause i can't even start the game. Can somebody help me if you can? at this point im giving FarCry 4 8/10 and Uplay -1/10"
76561198124336918,Recommended,298110,13038332,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Советский молот Sm,I REALLY LOVE THIS GAME !!
76561198053226525,Not Recommended,298110,13994446,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,shadow,A good story. Alot of glitches. Jumpy graphics.  For the price this game is not worth it. Keep playing Farcry3 until this one is on sale. I wouldnt complain if I only spent $20 for this game.
,Recommended,298110,28407663,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Alixo,dont wast your money buy GTA 5 its much better game!
76561198042903798,Not Recommended,298110,31107172,Posted: 12 April,all,coton,"no mater how they try, this is just a more repetitive and story less game.pretty good graphic and gameplay but story kill it for me."
,Recommended,298110,28748986,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,R4GN4R0K_ISL,Love it
,Recommended,298110,28148465,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,dr cookie,this game is just funand I did not expect moreor anything less-haiku
,Recommended,298110,24291713,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,BlazeItMario,"dem graphics, lag because got a shtty computer99.999/10"
,Recommended,298110,14170514,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Sevraj is on fire ♕,Nice game :D
76561198071593393,Recommended,298110,13745521,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Baddafs,Pagin Min makes me happy10/10
,Not Recommended,298110,16558023,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Royal Joker,"For some reasons crashes on start up, i have deleted all the local files, uninstalled and reinstalled. i have deleted every single file, i have contancted ubisoft no reply. i spent 80$ when it first came out for the game and season pass and it worked then. After a update it just quit working and now i have a game that doesnt work and i have never got to enjoy any of the great DLC. Until bugs are sorted out I believe you should steer clear of this game or you might not even be able to play"
,Recommended,298110,26127726,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Jagdpanzer,Kind of a good game but gets really boring in the end. Really repetive to get to 100%.
76561197962728094,Recommended,298110,15191518,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,RoofSmoker,"Real improvement from the part 3, but after playing for a few It's just the same game with a new story. Like all ubisoft games great story but no replay value, I just completed the game and I don't think its going to stay on the pc for long.Other thoughts:Looks great on ultra.amazing gameplay very polished.AI is still stupid at times."
,Recommended,298110,13596917,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,lammas,"Wild action, awesome graphics and lot of fun. Couldn't keep up with the story but that wasn't most important thing for me. Just want to mess things up!"
76561198169380169,Recommended,298110,22670435,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,LaurRsk,"This game is awesome,but if u want to buy this game,don t. Have a shity co op, u can play only site quest. No camp."
76561198009888563,Not Recommended,298110,21111726,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Glib_Comment,"I haven't played the game. It might be great, I'll never know.Bloody UPlay. If I'd remembered about UPlay I would not have bought this.I tried to log in, I've looked for UPlay support.I've given up and asked for a refund."
76561197977430476,Not Recommended,298110,21142544,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,\\\STEMCELL///,"i never was able to launch and play game. asked for refund several times and was denied. i would not recomend this game at all. the only game i ever bought that refuses to run at all no matter what your settings. i upgraded to windows 10, and updated drivers and to no avail this game will not run. i am running duo core processors nvidia card and corsair memory and despite what i read regarding harware conflicts.  this is the only game that does not run with my hardaware. so hardware asside the game does not run. i was told to expect issues with windows 10 and old games.......still running great.i cannot justify the expense of changing processors, graphics cards, and whatnot or a new computer for the sake of 60 dollar game that never ran to begin with. windows 10 cost more than that and everything that was on my computer still runs great. except far cry4, game starts black screen comes up and thats it.  switch to any other game and everything is fine. just saying."
76561198148936231,Not Recommended,298110,17376162,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,✪ PvP,missing executables
76561198162415372,Recommended,298110,18674228,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,kaypontbee,"42 hours of gameplay to finish the main campaign @ 40%... wow... Think about the COD series and their 6-8 hour campaigns... So anyway, great game, even if it is almost totally the same as FC3 (but I liked that also). And to my surprise no real boss fight at the end - this a bit of a welcome change (IMHO). Great graphics, good gameplay and controls, so-so story, long playtime (by todays standards) - I couldn't ask for more."
,Recommended,298110,23136342,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,RaidenKaiden,a great sequel to far cry 3 not too many gameplay elements but enough too feel fresh and cool Kyrat is a nice place to explore and the wild life is good just be careful to not be attacked by a rhino and a elephant or Demon Fish i hate Demon fish but a good scary design. Pagan Min is a fantastic bad guy played by Troy Baker he steals the show everytime he shows up. i love this game it just does enough things Diffrent to a fun expirience but i hope Far Cry 5 will the game that does change somethingMy final verdict for this game is a 8/10PS: my first review guys leave feedback if you like and i am sorry if my english grammer is not that good
76561198093649759,Recommended,298110,23154502,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,>>> Mary Poppler ✪ ✯ ✡,NC game ever.
,Recommended,298110,23155802,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,ruttoa,"Storywise I liked Far Cry 3 better, but this continues on the same footprints in the beautiful mountain landscapes. Good graphics, good gamepad fun."
,Recommended,298110,23103063,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Dan S189,Even more hella pretty
76561198062929985,Recommended,298110,24745485,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,NOWAY1337,"far cry 4 with Boris Moiseev, game is good, but first part is better!"
76561198086916098,Recommended,298110,20018852,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,∞ ïиғïиïtє ∞,Would play again
,Recommended,298110,20035896,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Zyth,"Pros:- Another interesting story- Cool co-op + openworld- You can make your own maps and ppl can play them, solo/co-op- Fun Multiplayer- Amazing worldCons:- Gameplay feels like farcry 3 but then improved, (same sorts of skills)- Sadly only 2 player co-op for open world.- Cant do major quests together.8.5/10"
,Recommended,298110,20040420,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,1N54N17Y,"Great game, good story and good graphics. 8,5/10"
76561198146400029,Recommended,298110,20011714,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,HarambesMUM,"Overall I think it is a great game,it is a far cry game and we know how it plays out,clearing outposts,shooting animals ,killing stupid AI for getting in the way...but there is an aspect about FC4 that I think its unique and really liked it,the spiritual parts of kyrat and its people and how this aspect mixes into the story and makes it rich,Overall i think its a solid game and there is so much to do,highly recommended"
76561198118698434,Recommended,298110,20034100,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Chico,amazing adventure you don't want to miss
,Recommended,298110,20071791,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,✪Steeve MAaadden,"Very good game with awesome graphics,totally recommended!(y)"
76561198124984532,Recommended,298110,20027603,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,MARZHEIMER,"Awesome game, best farcry in history.Love to see more of this franchise."
,Recommended,298110,20064349,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,kkgg84,Gameplay doesn't feel as solid as Far Cry 3 but still a very good game.
76561198075867570,Recommended,298110,34079004,Posted: 7 August,all,♡ Gemini Goddess ♡,"Poor Story, More GameplayI can only very barely recommend this game.If you're coming into it expecting the same great experience of Far Cry 3, I caution that you will be disappointed, especially on the story aspect.Come with me as with delve into FC4's problems:Story is incredibly weak.In Far Cry 3, you go on an epic adventure to save your friends. In Far Cry 4, you're the Golden Path's errand boy. I'm serious, you're going to find that the campaign basically resolves ""Do this to solve that problem"".Unlike that one time in FC3, FC4 thought it was a good idea to make the story less linear by letting you make ""who's side are you on"" choices in the game. When you have a game that lets you choose between X or Y, it has to be well tailored to the game's narrative. FC4 does not do this and the narrative suffers. I almost didn't complete the campaign because of how tediously boring the story is.More focus on stealth.There seems to be more of an emphasis on stealth than in the previous Far Cry game. Even though I love stealth, it does get pretty annoying when an enemy execuetes a hostage because you didn't notice them within a split second. Maybe it's just me but the enemies also feel harder to beat, meaning stealth is always the better option. This is bad because I understand that everyone likes to choose their style of play and a good number of players prefer the chaotic approach to combat.Compared to Jason, Ajay feels so lifeless.I love and hate Ajay's ""No ♥♥♥♥s given"" attitude. He's so calm given his situation its hilarious, maybe because its probably how I would react too lol However it makes his character so much more boring than Jason from Far Cry 3 who was clearly out for blood to kill Hoyte and Vass because of what they did to his friends.Where the hell was Pagan Min?!The game makes it very clear to you who the bad guy is at the start of the game. And then he proceeds to never show up again the game begins to reach its climax. And it's a shame too because Pagan is a great character! One of the reasons Vass was so liked was because of the tension every time he and Jason cross paths. I could go into detail to how Vass was under utilised in FC3, but then Ubisoft went to barely using the main villain at all? That is nothing but a shameful waste.Now to look at what the game got right:At least there's better game play.All the negativity aside there is one positive side: Gameplay. My main complaint in FC3 was there basically being no replayability, however FC4 solves that. Plenty of new activities and quests. You can retake outposts, there's always something happening like saving hostages and saving rebel fighters. All of this in a big open world and  all the great elements of what makes Far Cry's gameplay so satisfying is here.There's a map browser that I don't remember seeing in Far Cry 3 which I really have to say is a spectacular idea. Basically players make their maps with enemies and such and so other players can take on the challenge of beating that map. Brilliant idea which is almost like never ending content for players who loves Far Cry's gameplay.GraphicsGame has gorgeous detail and it's not too power hungry, on my build at least [i3 CPU with  RX 470 GPU]. My processor struggles on Ultra but most of the time the framerate is very acceptable.Rating:6 / 10"
,Recommended,298110,26652569,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,"Eric ""Eazy-E"" Wright","Bigger, better, more than all Far Cry games before Primal. Very addictive."
76561198011984060,Recommended,298110,14229304,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,man eating fruit salad,"If you liked FC3, this game is for you. If you diddn't like FC3, Well i think the choice is obvious.The story is garbage, apperantly it was written when people still thought ISIS were brave rebels fighting the evil syrian government, so basically you fight FOR indian ISIS. The individual rebels are pretty nice guys, but the generals Amita and Sabal are both tools. It's a real bummer you can'r Rebel and take down the golden path. The radio host is pretty annoying too. He keeps dickriding obama, and telling us that we need to get rid of guns in a country full og psychopathic rhinos, corrupt government forces and evil spirits that melt with a 9mm to the face. So, if you nightly watch the daily show and aren't infuriated by the half stories you hear, you shouldn't really have a problem with it.Then we get to your character, Ajay Ghale. He has no character. Similar to Jason Brody, he really has no character. Is this a bad thing? Looking at every other character in the game save for Pagan, no. This way, he's not ruined.If you diddn't like crafting in FC3, i got bad news for ya. In FC4, there are animals that only appear in the 2nd half. And that's not even including the special animals. It's really annoying having to be low on ammo all the time for half the game, or not have enough explosives as you'd need  because clouded lepoards won't appear.Enemy troops are a alot tougher. In FC3, i don't remember them gunbutting you flat onto your butt, which these ones will do anytime you get within 5 feet of them. Then you have a standing up animation that takes away your ability to fire for 1 second after standing up, in which case you will of lsot half your health. If you remember the heavy gunners, they're now all over. And 1/3rd through the game, their helmets are part of their outfit, so you can no longer knock it off for an easy headshot.There's a new enemy type that charms animals, can't be tracked, can see you through foliage and shots arrows that hurt like sniper rifle bullets. Have fun with that!Weapon wise, there's a few additions, like a webley and a mauser, Most weapons still have terrible addition restrictions nerfing them into neigh unusability(No supp. for SVD, Only 1 add-on for SG550, ect). There's patches avaliable on a quick google search, but still. The new weapons range from useful like the MG42, the auto-crossbow, the compound bow and the new grenade launcher, to useless like the Webley and the Mauser. Hit detections gets a bit iffy at times too. I can't even count how many times i've lined up a clean headshot only to have ot phase through.Animals in the game are OP as crap. a honey badger can take 10 5.56mm rounds to the face before it goes down. Headshots aren't 1-hit kills unless they're large calibur, It's frustrating to say the least. They also added cliffracers in the form of eagles. Have fun with that!There's alot more options in the game now for predator gameplay. You can now throw bait to make a predatory animal spawn such as a tiger or a honey badger, You can ride elephants, you can throw knives for a semi-long distance takedown, You can move bodies as to not tip off enemies, or make a bodypile. Grenades can be toggled to be sticky, as can C4 and Proxy mines(VERY useful!) The wingsuit is avaliable almost immediatly and us utilized oftenm and there's an auto-chute deploy feature! No more stupid  foot fall deaths!All in all, this game is an improved version of FC3. The only thing FC3 had that this game doesn't was a much better no-syringe heal system, as in you could almost fully heal with one arm-wrap. This is a very good gameAll in all, i'd reccomend this game. 8/10,"
,Recommended,298110,29284290,Posted: 15 January,all,Vargavinter,"I always liked Far Cry 2 & 3 a alot, I only beaten them once but it was good fun to the end. The setting from Far Cry 2 in Africa and the clever use of game mechanics like being able to light a fire and let the wind carry it and burn down the next door village. And I really like the story and characters in Far Cry 3 with all the new guns and fun skill trees and stealth mechanics. But after 2 & 3 my need Far Cry was full and I never got 4 on release date but waited to get it to a lower price.What can I say about Far Cry 4? The Graphics and Sound are just fine, nothing to complain about but the story and the characters just feels ""bland"" at best. Pagan Min is a really great character but that really underused and the guns and skills are really fun but halfway trough the game its just feels like a chore to do stuff and to unlock skills and weapons. If you liked the previous games you will surly like 4 and if you havent played any of those my best bet is that you will surly like this. But i just wished it was more ""new"" stuff than just Far Cry 3 in a different location. So will i recommend the game? Sure, its good. But wait for a sale to buy it."
,Recommended,298110,23377372,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Toxido,"I would expect more out of this FC4 after FC3I'd still recommend it because of the graphics, new weapon system, new random events and new mapGive it 4/5 stars"
,Recommended,298110,23384229,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,[CM]⚡KingTiger⚡,Great game
,Recommended,298110,13085984,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Carl Sagan,rapi ray rana is in it 1000000/10
76561197967643963,Recommended,298110,16713831,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,K. Penney,"Where are teh Diah-monds!?Better gameplay then 3, not as cool as Blood Dragon, ♥♥♥♥♥ier dryer storyline then both. Play the game for the fun and adventure, but honestly what in♥♥♥♥♥♥Ubisoft? Characters and plot is very unappealing, characters don't give you much hook nor reward in backstory, in the end your time is wasted with useless dialog and cutscenes that for the most part don't mean anything and just stop you for several minutes at a time, from what you're really trying to do. Stab some guys wearing lots of Red clothing in the Jungle in the mother-fawken-face!Sadly.. You will at some point, have to bare witness to these terrible attrocities to advance, I don't think any man, woman or child should ever have to witness those horrors, but I must insist, for the unlocks you must- and you will!"
76561197974582820,Recommended,298110,28539241,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Hoksu,Ever heard the definition of insanity? Far Cry 4 is exactly the same as Far Cry 3. Which means it's great
76561198108741944,Recommended,298110,19318857,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Minibanks,"The Action.  The Drama.  The Fun.  I could not stop playing this game.  Well done, Ubisoft."
,Recommended,298110,19251542,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Serial Hacker,Amazing.....  Beyond description  ^_^
,Recommended,298110,21204102,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,FlipFlopper,eh.... a decent amount of bugs and multiplayer full of hackers
76561198015858126,Recommended,298110,13094906,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Raymond Reddington,same as farcry3 but better.
76561198037080732,Recommended,298110,18900530,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Gentleman,"Really really good game. really fun, action everywhere, u have some kind of 3rd world helicopter, wingsuit, cool weapons, the bow is ♥♥♥♥ing funny to use. Also the sniper,,,, BUY IT!"
76561197976945057,Recommended,298110,14906008,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Malice Lonewolf,"Amazing game. Havent gotten to try coop yet, story was great but there are some noticeable glitches when you play that will bother you, clipping issues mostly. Overall story was fun, didnt think the bad guy was really that bad. The choices you make as in most games are pointless, but being able to casually wipe out outposts with silenced weapons makes it all worth while."
,Recommended,298110,26893649,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,LordJamesX,What can I say I love Paygan Min! Only negative of this game is it ends in 30 mins and doesn't let me hang wid Min!
76561198353476955,Not Recommended,298110,28777735,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,ben.parry9999,"this is a very entertaining game with lots of features but ITS A COMPLETE WASTE OF MONEY. in the intro of one of the missions the game crashes, i tried again 5 times trying to fix the problem and even when trying to quit the mission i cant because of the intro. this makes the game impossible to play online and offline as your traped in a mission that crashes and sends you back to the desktop home screen. i DEFINATELY WOULDNT RECOMD buying this game."
,Recommended,298110,21323280,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Grey,"The recipe is the same, but the environment is different. The thing is, the recipe is good. Very good. I have all four of the games and this is as good as FC3. Maybe Pagan is or isn't as bad a bad guy as Vaas, but they are both nutjobs, so you decide which you prefer. Add to it the Nepal-ish environment, it is a great game. I bought it on sale with the Season Pass for like $22.Worth it.8.5/10"
,Recommended,298110,13000260,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Traybair,"Pretty game. Fun gameplay. If you enjoyed Far Cry 3 chances are you will enjoy this game as well. There are some issues at the time of this review, but I don't see them going unpatched, and they are not in any way game breaking.For me, well worth $60."
,Recommended,298110,14441398,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Antarctic National Socialist,far cry 4 is a game where killing indians and animal abuse is a good thing10/10
76561198034644349,Recommended,298110,25046126,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,暗い魂|Naoi,Great Game enjoyed it alot 5/5 with free DLC.
76561197978704804,Not Recommended,298110,20382722,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,{WeB}*HansDieterKarlHeinzHolger*,"UPFRONT INFORMATION: I DID NOT PLAY COOP AT ANY POINT!What can I say about FC4? The obvious is, that in terms of gameplay dynamics and graphical and general design it follows FC3. You have to make that clear to yourself before you buy (as did I). Let's begin with the story. Blunt. Nice base idea which is butchered by typical villains and stereotypically projected characters. It just does not feel real, though it is kind of vivid.The game really has had lovely designers who put out their hearts to bring this game to live. As you've seen in FC3, there is the ""option"" of crafting bags for different types of usage (ammo, grenades, bait, etc) which can all be crafted up to level 4. This requires a vast amount of animals to kill, unless you manage to hunt them with a bow (good luck with rhinos) to give you two pieces of fur. I would deem this feature useless, since it only stretches the playtime, because at some point you have to go on a targeted hunt for one special animal - and not just as a side activity.The wildlife itself is pretty awesome and has been done well.Also like in FC3 you have a few types of vehicles to go around on. Quads, Rickshaws, jeeps with and without MGs, etc. There is not really a new addition, which blows. Copied content - just like the tower and outpost system. Yes, you will have to deal with that again, without only one new annoyance: enemy forces now try to take back outposts. Make of that what you will. So you go in, capture an outpost which will provide you with a fast travel point, ammo shops and side missions. And each tower will reward you by charting your map and revealing several (always 3) points of interest in the vicinity.The only new addition in this context so far is the Karma system. You can rip posters off walls, battle random enemy encounters and kill wild predators attacking citizens. The last two scenarios happen entirely too often, so that you can't even have a 500 m drive without having to deal with that. One cool aspect with the Karma system is the unlocking of weapons or skills in addition to unlocking them by clearing towers or completing missions. You are also able to modify attachments for some guns.Unlocks also work for your split (offensive/defensive) skill tree, which I see as a new and possibly positive feature. Potential is the word. It was not used. Instead of urging the player to do something that has anything to do with the skill you want to learn, the unlocks are rather random. Like providing 4 escorts to convoys so you are now able to stab heavy soldiers. Instead, this should have been: Stab 10 regulars to earn this skill. Just one example.What really grinds my gears is forced stealth action for a game that was definitely not designed to be such a game. You have to start over and over and over from predestined checkpoints (yes, autosave only) just to pass the guy you failed on before and inevitably fail on the next one. In a mission, where you don't have to do that, it is no problem, because you can go full rampage. BUT, of course there is the disadvantage you have and your AI enemies don't: you will get suppressed under enemy fire and can't hit sh*t anymore, where the enemy is calm as a cloud when you blast him with a .50 cal. Bad AI scripting. CQB also sucks, because enemies can knock you over too easily which you can't do. Why not, exactly? I don't know. Playing as a sniper on a regular basis also opens up secrets: Randomly missing targets although your crosshair is dead-on, hitting invisible walls, thus alarming everybody (in spite of a suppressed gun), headshots don't kill unprotected (no helmet) units. Also, it is not understandable, why animals (speaking of dogs, cats, pigs, etc) would withstand 5-6 sniper rounds to the head. Massacring the essential combat system of this game like this is just embarrassing. Since this is such a big factor, I cannot recommend this game. Sorry, not sorry.[Edit] I need to say something here. Graphically speaking this game is outstanding. The overall mechanics are also decent. Also, there is the beloved island-themed world with a rampage-enduring protagonist as before. This is all good and nice - but the game fails the fine tuning. Climbing does not work properly, steering feels vague, enemies don't die from a direct grenade launcher hit, sneaking doesn't work as desired, weapons are inaccurate to the maximum (not talking about CQB guns!), and the list goes on. This just tears it for me."
,Recommended,298110,27906081,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,J Video Jamz,Flew in on wingsuit and dropped a dude wth a blade. 10/10
,Recommended,298110,26953431,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sanaell,This game makes me want have a second life in nepal :P
,Recommended,298110,26975418,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,✪ nij0 est telykAST777  •★•,Just the Intro gave me goosebumps!!!
76561198172950186,Recommended,298110,21308575,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Puss Puss,i cant play it on pc becouse my pc isnt so good but i can play it on playstation so i say its pretty good
76561198069272325,Recommended,298110,14049443,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Gud tiem,12/10 would annihilate packs of animals with the buzzsaw again
,Not Recommended,298110,17353505,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Pickled_Clitoris,"Game is decent, However Uplay is total fail, i thought they did away with that?If you've got a console buy on that instead of having to deal with the utter tripe which is Uplay.Come on ubisoft give your heads a wobble.You'll be losing more profits to this aweful program then what you'll be losing to piracy."
,Recommended,298110,29346760,Posted: 18 January,all,Ciprian,"I played FarCry 1,2,3 before and the games are so good...and it continues with another good game...i like the story and the missions i hope far cry 5 will come in 2 years or earlier.....THIS GAME IS AWSOME!!!"
,Not Recommended,298110,35477946,Posted: 4 October,all,Chaz,WHY DO I HAVE TO DO THIS UBISOFT♥♥♥♥♥♥THEN I LAUNCH THE GAME IT SAYS ITS SOWNED BY A DIFFERENT ACCOUNT WTF
,Recommended,298110,14604133,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,kralmir,the main campaign and a lot of the sidemissions were cool 'n all but the adventures you create yourself are the best.for example: i rode an elephant and hunted a rhino with a flamethrower. immidiatelly after i noticed a cliff over some water so naturally i dove off of the cliff with my elephant. my new elefriend took an rpg round to the face that my coop buddy shot in my general direct. somehow i survived this and after picking me up with his boat we decided to do a drive-by that involved a herd of goatlike animals and a 40mm grenade launcher. spotting a 2nd herd i pulled out the flamethrower again and promptly set our boat on fire which exploded shortly after.much laughter was had but i can no longer play far cry 4 because nothing will ever top this chain of events10/10 highly recommended.
76561198008218694,Recommended,298110,24713863,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,bewest169,"playing FAr Cry 3 and Far Cry 4 ,you have to settle for Far Cry 4,better graphics/ control layouts are a big improvement,plus you do not have to listen to the bloody British accents, that get on your nerves that are in Far Cry 3,my advice skip Far Cry 3 and get Far Cry 4,"
,Recommended,298110,30618674,Posted: 19 March,all,Steven Smiley,"I didn't expect to get 81 hours out of this game, but I am so happy I did. This game is just more of Far cry 3 with an upgrade and a decent amount of changes, with a whole new story. I loved Far Cry 3 when it came out, and played quite a bit Far Cry 2, and this game holds up just as well if not better than FC3. I love it. 10/10 not taking into account the frame pacing issues. But I loved the story, the setting, the villain, the protagonists. Everything was just great. Amazing open world game. I 100%'d it and that is something I never do. I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,298110,13001112,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Psyra,"I heard someone shouting for help and ran over to see two guys cowering behind their truck on a roadside, being dive-bombed by a rather aggrivated black eagle. I managed to pick it off, and one of them walks out from behind the truck and says ""Whew, thank goodness you came along, I thought I was done for!""Then a passing minivan runs him over.GOTY.Gameplay speaking, it plays a lot like FC3. There's some new styles to the gameplay and there's an immense amount of verticality to it compared to the previous games. I feel like I have more options in how I want to play this time around. Alas, from the above statement, like FC2 and FC3, drivers on the road make everyone on SerbianFailBlog look like utter masters of driving finesse. Stay off the roads. For your life's sake in fact, stay *relatively far* off the roads.Voice acting isn't bad but isn't great either. Some lines feel really forced (""Stop. Shoot. Shoot. Stop.""). Min is certainly no Handsome Jack, and he tries to 'do the funny' sometimes and it mostly just feels mediochre.Doing missions means putting exploration on hold generally, and getting ""You're getting too far from the mission zone, continue and your mission will be aborted"" is a bit annoying... especially since the game does not really tell you how far you can stray from the waypoints before getting upset at you.There's a few weird physics glitches, like every so often I'd kill someone and their body would be vaulted ten feet into the air. Watching one of Min's men escorting a prisoner down a hill, the two of them would keep leapfrogging over each other oddly and switching sides they were standing on. And there was a few places where shadows of trees and nearby cliffs would clash and flicker at certain camera angles. No problems getting and staying online, have yet to try multiplayer or co-op.Will update in a few days. So far, liking it for the most part. 4/5! Point loss for semi-spotty mouse controls (it's not entirely smooth and hard to adjust) and somewhat washed out contrast in daytime (Had to adjust Nvidia's control panel settings to make it look correct)"
76561198056884732,Recommended,298110,22207493,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Schnick,Why doesn't Milo Yiannopoulos get paid royalties for being on the front cover of this game?
,Recommended,298110,27213975,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,AbsoluT,i love this game
,Recommended,298110,30360248,Posted: 6 March,all,Captain rondo,Have not Played for that long but so far i can say its a good Game. The Coop mode is fun as well and nice to have fun with friends
76561198027918549,Recommended,298110,30363475,Posted: 6 March,all,HassanBazzi24!,Its awesome
76561198215408775,Recommended,298110,30362613,Posted: 6 March,all,Wolfbone175,This game is awsome
,Recommended,298110,14335600,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Htimez2,"AMAZING GAME, YOU SHOULD BUY IT RIGHT NOW!"
,Recommended,298110,13161474,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Matthew,"Far Cry 4 is awesome, I've not encountered any problems during gameplay (so far) its just better than Far Cry 3 and FC3 was good too so its a plus although the Co-op would be better if you were teamed up with someone who knows what they were doing but you get that sometimes so oh well. Enjoying FC4 a lot though ^^"
,Recommended,298110,12988465,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,I'm Mr Meeseeks! Look at me!,"Visually Stunning!I have a 290X rammed up to the max, and it's sensational. No real loss of frames.10/10. Gameplay is similar to FC3. If you like FC3 you will love 4. Loving the story, but I hope that it lives up to the ending of FC3..One thing I can say, is feed this game lots and lots of memory. Also if you can get away with installing on a SSD the game will be much quicker."
,Recommended,298110,13058642,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Mr.Murk,I recommend  this game.
,Not Recommended,298110,12993292,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Dog,"Thanks, Ubisoft! I can't even start the game! GG Ubisoft!"
76561198165076195,Not Recommended,298110,14166293,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,bigpoppan,"Black screen when I start the game, 2 days since I have bought FAr cry 4, 2 days +70$ lost!Thanks Ubisoft Montreal!"
,Recommended,298110,13011249,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,jensen,"Blew up Rhino by dropping grenade from hang glider. 10/10, would blow up Rhino again."
,Recommended,298110,12991596,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,MSI Pro Gamer,Very good well coded game I recommend this game to any hardcore or common gamer who likes to be in control in a gamesetting.
,Recommended,298110,12990462,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Dylan&Eric's schooltime fun,Skinning simulator 2014420/10
,Recommended,298110,13062412,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,CementedOctopus,Me and my friend hunted rhinos with rocket launchers.... 100 dead rhinos out of 10
,Not Recommended,298110,13049852,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Imma Cylon,The aiming on this game is ♥♥♥♥ing terrible.
76561198040845987,Recommended,298110,12990682,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,CORRUPTION645,excelent game. one of the best i have ever played
,Not Recommended,298110,13025525,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,//patch,"This game is really restrictive.I wanted to save some hostages... wait scratch that, I didn't want to save them at all. I couldn't give a ♥♥♥♥ about them. The GAME wanted me to save them, thus I NEEDED to save them to progress through the narative. That's the first issue.Second issue? I wanted to approach the situation however I wanted. So, I made my way around the 'hostage camp' to get a better vantage point for my apathetic stealth-entry. Then it happened. ""Mission failed bla bla bla too far away from mission objective."" ♥♥♥♥ that. I Alt F4'd the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of that play session in high frustration.So yeah. Also , poorly optimised.tl;drCouldn't let hostages I don't care about die. 6/10"
,Recommended,298110,13163352,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Volundark,"Gameplay is better than farcry 3, But the Storyline is not as awesome as farcry 3"
76561198027519470,Not Recommended,298110,13559018,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Nazutin,"+ Nice graphics+ Decent sounds- 4+ hours waiting for Uplay to register this game.- 15min of unskipable intro not to mention all little pauses all the time- 15min of play until stuck because of bug ""unable to climb rope"". (sometimes fixed by remapping keys. didn't work on my case.)Now it's time to wait a patch to fix those little issues."
,Recommended,298110,13155483,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,donky,first far cry game i've ever finished the first mission on. 10/10
,Recommended,298110,12991182,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Dick on Fire,10/10 Its Okay - IGN
76561198095236965,Not Recommended,298110,13047106,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Officer Toot-Toot,"I would love to extensively play this game and write a nice, well thought out review about it. However, I cannot, for as with so many people aside from myself the game STILL blackscreens upon startup. DO NOT buy this game until this problem is fixed for EVERYONE."
76561197969306491,Not Recommended,298110,25353036,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Captein,Uplay
,Not Recommended,298110,25409290,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Ellie,"Takes already 10 min to just load the game because freakin' Uplay DRM cannot recognise there's a CD-Key involved. Just ♥♥♥♥ Ubisoft, stop giving them your monies.+ No way to skip the 8min dumb long intro when the save glitches at start, really, ♥♥♥♥ Ubisoft. AVOID their games like you'd avoid the Black Plague.+ Yes, really, this is a tasteless game. You know by the few little first minutes that it will (and is) bad, do not buy crap like that. Either buy a game that has a rich story or that has a rich gameplay, this game has none of the two."
,Recommended,298110,13915824,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Harry Del Rey,One of the best open worlds!
76561197982530266,Not Recommended,298110,25065078,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Jimmy James,No 16:10 support in fullscreen; lazy port. Refunded.
76561197960863289,Recommended,298110,13000231,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Elegit,"A very large ""breathing"" world, and great graphics, the story isn't that great, and the AI is pretty clunky sometimes. Alltogether it kinda feels like a large expanison to far cry 3, its not the best, but if its ever on sale, you should at least consider picking it up"
,Not Recommended,298110,13045839,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Kynji,"Editing my review to add dates and more details.This game is riddled with bugs---as of this writing 12/10/2014, my game has been unplayable and broken since 11/24/2014. Ubisoft tells me they're ""working on it"" and they've taken my game save file to analyze. My particular problem is that everything is bugged--skill points, crafting, money--nothing works.I did spend a few hours playing before my game stopped working and I found numerous disappointments within the game. First off, if you played Far Cry 3, note that co-op here is not mission based like that was; in this game all co-op is open world. Not nearly as enjoyable, and the worst part is that only the game host unlocks all of the towers along the way. If you're the invitee, when you get back to your single player game, you have to do it all over again to unlock for yourself.Additionally, the missions are repetitive and the tower unlocks to open the map gets tiresome very very quickly. We were extremely disappointed in the co-op in this game, and for that alone, I recommend you give it a pass. Even if my game worked properly, I wouldn't pay more than $14.99 for what essentially feels like a DLC to Far Cry 3.I liked the opening sequence--the story seemed promising and the voiceovers were done nicely. That's the only nice thing I can say about this game.If you haven't purchased this yet, I recommend you give it a total pass."
,Not Recommended,298110,17473911,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,7ᵗʰ,"joinning co-op always crash, and never fix"
76561197972565661,Not Recommended,298110,13033526,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,D_R3w,ALT TABBING IS JUST A PAIN IN THE♥♥♥♥♥ALL AROUND IF YOU CAN GET PAST THAT THEN ITS A GOOD GAME!....also just to update Farcry 3's story was so much more driven...i felt like this tried to copy it but fell short....sorry but even after playing the campaign I still wouldn't recommend it
,Not Recommended,298110,13061215,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Mutiegenesis,"Not very fun really.  The controls are sluggish and makes using a mouse feel like using a gamepad (EEEWWW!).  The whole thing screams ""Play me on a console!!!"" - which makes ME yell back ""I FSKING HATE CONSLES AND CONSOLE GAMES!!""More money wasted."
,Not Recommended,298110,13020237,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Flaccid Snake,"Marred with more technical issues than AC UnityConstant Frame drops and hitching, and now my audio is completely muffled like it's coming from the basement. Plus, once you reach the North Section of the Island the lighting and shadows just completely stop working and make the game unplayable"
76561197970728128,Recommended,298110,12994622,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,#GLOCK-23,Game is Amazing Graphics blow away anything i played to date and its so smoothi am enjoying this much more the AC unity thats for sure
76561198076490225,Recommended,298110,13309818,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,bagiz010,liked this one! totally..
,Recommended,298110,12993922,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Vos,"Does not disappoint.*Edit* I had just finished playing far cry 3 when I started playing this and reviewed it initally, and was burnt out of far cry and didn't get many hours into far cry 4.For fans of far cry 3, this is definitely more of the same, some likeable changes, some dislikeable changes.I definitely enjoyed what I did play though, and intend to get back into the game soon to improve this review."
76561198099792700,Not Recommended,298110,13012181,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,さかな,It's not responding everytimes after updated.
,Recommended,298110,14125861,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Saint Satan,It's pretty okay.  If you played Far Cry 3 then this will be more of the same.7/10
,Recommended,298110,13011173,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,UTZ zutZ,"Far Cry® 4. voi verrata pelisarjan 3. osaan, mutta muutoskia on lukuisia. Uusi ja isompi kartta pitää sisällään uusia kuin myös vanhoja side missioneita. Pelin päätarinaan voi vaikuttaa omilla teoillaan ja lisäksi sitä voi pelata co-op moninpelinä. Grafiikat ja visuaaliset efektit ovat paljon paremmat kuin edeltävässä FC3. Pelissä on iso arsenaali uusia aseita ja collectible esineitä, joita on hauska metsästää kaverin kanssa + paljon muuta ! (tekemistä löytyy lukuisiksi tunneiksi)Sandbox-pelien ystävän Must-Have ostos !"
,Recommended,298110,12996085,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,toasty,"I'm not one to write reviews very often, but since I pre-ordered this game and it's launch day, I figured I should be part of the ""Day 1"" buzz. In short, if you liked Far Cry 3, you'll love Far Cry 4. They kept all the greatness of Far Cry 3 and expanded on it, making an even bigger world to explore and adding some new cool mechanics such as the grappling hook. I've yet to encounter any bugs in my first three hours, and the graphics are incredibly beautiful. I'm sad that I don't currently have a powerful enough rig to play on ultra settings; I'm stuck with high settings for now. The story so far is pretty interesting and the gameplay is just as intense and explosive as Far Cry 3.9/10"
,Recommended,298110,24966218,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,CYKA_BLYAT,Must have experience ! But nothing can beat the story and the idea of FC3 !
,Not Recommended,298110,13232421,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,aimbotz,love it when i buy a game and its buggy as ♥♥♥♥. screen keeps zooming in like a♥♥♥♥♥♥kunt. ♥♥♥♥ing hate elephants
,Recommended,298110,13055385,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,ME-MES,great game 10-10 like skyrim but with guns
76561197999326920,Not Recommended,298110,13057691,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Tumair,drob and drob and drop fps
76561198072023297,Not Recommended,298110,13020291,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,sasavuky,Watchdogs worked at max details with 60 fps and 4k res.. This does not even start..Massive dissapointment.. Waste of my money
76561198111738222,Recommended,298110,13012806,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Zerfax,wow wut a fun game i wud recommend this to  my ♥♥♥♥♥s who just wanna kick back relax pop open a coke and blast some fools do you know what i am saying?
,Recommended,298110,13016593,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Tzukasa,"Simply amazing. It holds up to the previous games and at the very least, if not surpassing the previous title, matches it in every single way. With a new unique setting in the himalayas (how many games do that?!) and with a literally colorful and entertaining antagonist, plus the introduction of sandbox co-op to the series, makes this a solid if not must play title. Oh and did I mention you get to ride elephants and flip over trucks with them while shooting a rocket launcher from their back? Yah.Solid 9/10 OverallSingleplayer experience is a 10/10 Imo.Would be 10/10 overall but well, uplay sucks balls (eternally) and co-op seems to be sandbox/side mission only and not available for the storyline missions. As well as some, often comical, co-op bugs (nothing too gamebreaking just things sometimes don't sync so your friend sees a truck in the road but you don't and on his screen you plowed straight through it lol)."
76561198035578662,Recommended,298110,12990848,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Computer Analog Man,"Runs really well. Graphics and story so far are fantastic. I'm running 1GB of graphics and I'm rnning this game on 60 fps on medium and it is stunning. This game will really immerse you, the setting and the story so far are encapturing. They make you want to learn so much and explore the beautiful world Ubisoft has made. Give it a try and you won't be dissapointed. Also UPlay is a downside to some people I dont care about it.  11/10"
76561198008500329,Recommended,298110,13047982,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,MrFoe,glitchy as hell. coop wont let you do story missions. same 'ole farcry.
,Recommended,298110,12990400,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,M8,Similiar to Farcry3.
76561198011485065,Recommended,298110,13034277,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,The Engineer,"all those complaining stfuYes, some common features between FC3 and 4. But you simply do not erase ideas that work effectively and well.Alot of similar things, but then, alot of new things too. Threw a granade in a cave within the first 10 mins of the game and was astonished to see the effect of blasting smoke and the collapsing of the cave.Many more such features that add realism to the game can be discovered.I was also fascinated by the ability to take over outposts with friendly soldiers (which I thought was the weak point in FC3).Ubisoft, you deserved my cash."
76561198128097608,Recommended,298110,12992946,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,GokuCanFly,well yes it is like fc3 i can say i wish they atlleast changed rjs animations from jasons now i love fc3 so i love fc4 it is its own game lots of new stuff and well great graphics
,Recommended,298110,13017855,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,frozen pizza tier list: part 1,"This is what it plays like, when four Fars Cry."
76561198036108762,Not Recommended,298110,19449912,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Vaako,This game is really poor programmed and not worth the money. You simply can't play it and I don't wanna spend hours reading in forums how to fix that.
76561198005718358,Recommended,298110,13001613,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Rock N Roll,"По сути, это фар край 3,5 а не 4. Тоже на острове, те же вышки, тоже надо искать харизматичного главгада. В отличие от предыдущих проектов этого года от юбисофт оптимизация на уровне, единственная проблема - акселерация мышки. Кривая она. Ну и 4:3 мониторы не поддерживаются. Если вам нравилась 3-я часть эту смело можно брать. Если нет - нет."
76561197970491524,Not Recommended,298110,28901944,Posted: 1 January,all,Cryonic,Pros:- Variety of Weapons- Plenty to explore- Reasonably well optimised- Open world- Animals are hilarous- Gameplay is funCons:- Buggy at times. Enemy Corpses sometimes fly off into the air- Story is fairy boring and linear. Despite being able to choose from two different quest paths the game progresses much the same way.-Uplay renders the game completely unplayable at timesMostly I am leaving this review as a ‘would not recommend’ because of the Uplay DRM. I've had to replay the same point in the story 5 times and each time after completing the objective I get kicked out of the game and loose my saved progress becuase of the Ubisoft DRM.Ubisoft really slaps its paying customers in face with its overly aggressive DRM policy that renders great games into barely playable form.
76561198020431226,Not Recommended,298110,25060705,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,MERQUIS,"Dont buy this game, even on sale, its the worst Port iv ever played (played being subjective as it don't run)Pros: was cheap (negated by the fact it runs like poop)Cons:1] Low FPS regardless of hacks/edits or graphics quality settings or Hardware (no im not running it on a craptop, and i more than meet the upper requirements)2]It Crashes3]Just a re-skin of FC34] Uplay..."
,Recommended,298110,12990784,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,www.twitch.tv/Mattyp2109,used the repair tool to burn an entire valley. 10/10
76561198050394690,Recommended,298110,12994166,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Captain McCloud,"So far, I'm loving Far Cry 4.On my adventure I've climbed onto a roof to hang out with a monkey, crashed two hang gliders (one of which landed on my head), set myself on fire multile times, run over a bird with an ATV, and got attacked by a honey badger that was running backwards.The story is interesting and the gameplay is great. The only problem I have thus far is that I need to have all of the settings on low and it still doesn't run as well as I'd like on my computer, though it is playable and it looks good and colorful.Overall, I'd say it's a good game."
76561198058820372,Recommended,298110,13024058,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Takihido Hashimora,"The gameplay is very similar to Far Cry 3 which makes sense and is no way a bad thing. Alot of recycled animations for things like healing, climbing, skinning, etc. Once again thats not a bad thing but I would of liked to see some new animations. There are pleny of weapons to choose from with a nice shop layout and attachment system. Plenty of things to do and find. Also there are some missons that provide choices to make which may change the future missions (not sure though). As I'm playing there are several noticable frame drops that become annoying very fast. I'm not sure why this happenes but i have heard it happen to other people too. This game requires a pretty decent computer to run on Ultra at 60 frames solid. I have a Gtx 770 and can run Ultra but around 45-50 Frames per second. I can always lower my setting (which i do) but the game looks so damn nice! Overall this is a pretty solid game and i definately reccomend it anyone who enjoyed Far Cry 3, hell even if you didn't like it this game might tickle your fancy"
76561198069677719,Recommended,298110,13050987,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,iBP Edward,Gud game would eat crab ragoon again 10/10
,Recommended,298110,12990683,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Alexander The Meh,"good game, pretty but  how do i invite my friends??"
76561198054494134,Recommended,298110,12993301,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,LexonX,Best thing to play in the game ---> MORTAR!!
76561198052337014,Recommended,298110,12992654,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,DieEnte,"When I first started the game I only got a black screen. After several hours of trying to get it to work I still couldnt play it. 2 minutes ago I unplugged my gamepad and now it works just fine. If anyone has the startup error just like me, try to unhook gamepad, joystick, wheel or whatever you have. I also read there are problems connected to wireless mouse and keyboards.  But I sure hope they will fix this in an upcoming patch."
,Not Recommended,298110,18603303,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,rogermorse@tablet,"This game has absolutely nothing to do with Far Cry 3. Is it extremely boring.It has without any doubt a wonderful and a superb graphic engine. Some views will leave you breathless. Too bad those views are always the same, the scenery is one and will never change. It doesn't help that this game is completely without any juicy story of any kind, plus the narration is awful and no character is presented in a way that it sticks to your mind and you say 'ha! that guy'. Everything is very anonymous, it is VERY CLEAR that this was just a copy&paste of FC3, they added in some other new random♥♥♥♥♥♥(minor missions and challenges), sketched up some kind of plot (what plot?) and shipped the game. Money making machine.Very very sad. Was actually looking forward to this. Don't feed the ubitroll."
76561198177987570,Not Recommended,298110,24026172,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Gamer_Angel,"They sold me a broken game and took my money and they didnt even refund me  when i asked for one. When I started up the game it went to a black screen and it never went to the game. So I could never play it. And when I closed the window, it was still open in the background adding time to the playtime. So I never got to play it and the 4 hours of played time was not play time it was the game running on a back screen in the background adding time to playtime. And it wasnt till I tryed to play another game and it told me i had another game running when i found out far cary was still running, so then i restarted my computer and it stoped.Hoped  this review help people from not getting SCAMED like i did."
76561198262590383,Recommended,298110,23731812,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,nestg00,the best far cry
76561197970508239,Recommended,298110,13063623,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,5479142,Win.
,Not Recommended,298110,13932827,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,twitch.tv/Juggzzyy,Dident give me a activation code and wasted £40 ♥♥♥♥ this.
76561198033428275,Not Recommended,298110,22332271,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Ryu Yokaze,"POS Game wouldn't start...Tried to start with ""-skipintro -fullscreen"" but still no dice...If I can play better games why won't this work...problems with assassins creed before and both are uplay...Never again uplay... never again."
,Not Recommended,298110,15136876,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Legion,"Ubisoft is a♥♥♥♥♥♥teir developer now apparantly.Went from the game running at 60 FPS on ultra to barely pulling 25 on very high.GTX 780 3GB model.Since the 1.8.0 update, my performance on this game has slowly gotten worse.The game seems to be more optimised for AMD cards now, seeing as how my R9 280X manages 45-55 FPS on ultra with AA now.0/will never buy a cancersoft program again."
76561198131490193,Not Recommended,298110,13059349,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,mikeespo.me,complete ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t got to play 3 hours now the game wont load and nothin on this piece♥♥♥♥♥♥is letting me correct it why the fucj is it everytime i buy a full price game on this its ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.
,Not Recommended,298110,13063358,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,loganisgood,It doesnt work. DONT BUY!
76561198123296000,Recommended,298110,12999355,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,(SavedByGrace),Awsome Game i beat all of them 1 / 2 / 3 and now 4 great game  love the graphics awsome as always more to do and way better i recommand this to any way who loves this kind of GAME PLAY! AWSOMEEE !!
,Recommended,298110,13019403,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Geriatric Ninja,Stole from a drunk and drove sideways on an ATV. 11/10 Would steal again.
76561198062219481,Recommended,298110,22893102,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,I love anime dude,"Tries to bring the series back to its original characters. familiar faces cant cover up weak gameplay though, definitley wait for a sale here folks!"
76561198022182244,Recommended,298110,13929963,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Rogred,"Got scared ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ when I got attcked by a ""Demon Fish"".10/10 Would swim again."
,Recommended,298110,13918927,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,MafiaProtectron,Today I hunted rhinos on the back of an elephant.
,Recommended,298110,13627698,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,the CHINlord,Not just a rehash of Far Cry 3. Better in almost every way...
,Recommended,298110,13060752,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Lord Chicken™,:DDDDD Nice
76561198087420754,Not Recommended,298110,12991204,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,dionnewhite19,This will be to last title from Ubisoft that I purchase. I can't get It to work. I shouldn't have to go through hell to play a game. For now I can't recommend this.
76561197960718963,Recommended,298110,13062964,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,kittylitter<.>,FarCry go's to Afganistan.For farcry Fans.
76561197977690918,Recommended,298110,12995481,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,MaryGold,"May could be a nice game but it needs another patch, to fix a lot of minor bugs, which are kinda annoying."
,Recommended,298110,25774719,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Daikyu,If you like shooting Indians for no reason then this game is for you.
76561198068977089,Recommended,298110,13064631,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Justicar Alaric,Impressions at 15 hours: is rly gud
,Not Recommended,298110,13575310,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Kantalope,Cant even play the game. Great!
76561198030459785,Recommended,298110,13596330,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,ItsHighNoot,"I didnt really cry very far 4 times but its okay, the game was good. The guy on the picture, pagan min or as i like to call him, turtle fegget, is a turtle wanka. he likes to shove rpgs up da turtle bums and shoot dem. i knew i had to stop him. On my journey to stop him i came across many things. The first thing was a man leaving his truck. about 5 feet after he got out, a honey badger appeared and ripped his nuts clean off and ate them and ran away. I stole the nutless-mans truck. I then got out sometime down the road to take a♥♥♥♥♥♥and saw a tiger. A dude with an ak47 shoved the gun down the tigers petersonhole and pulled the trigger and da tigers semoon went everehwhar. i harvested the tigers nutsack and drove off. While driving a rebel feg gang drove up beside me and tried to shoot me. I quickly reached in my pocket and took out the tiger nutsack. i lit it on fire and threw it into their truck. The sack landed in the drivers lap when his pubes caught on fire and his truck blew up. I looted the men and found some vintage porn and a condom. i then found a honeybadger and proceded to put the condom on the honey badgers head and covered him with the vintage porn. i then drove away and left the badger to fapfapfap. I then found an elephant and rode it into an outpost. My elephant fu*ked all the biarches and den started humping a lady elephant. i got outta dere and found a vag*nacoptor. I flew to pagan mins fortress and started the legendary battle. I first took out my lighter and farted at him and he caught on fire. He then proceded to pee on me and i was like ""AAARRGHGHG"" and i used my special ability. I farted so loud that i called the giant eagle and it picked him up and threw him off a cliff.then pooped on him. I won. *this review was written entirely for comedy purposes*"
,Not Recommended,298110,28237628,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Hans Brotmeister,"Pros:- Huge world to explore- Takes everything from Far Cry 3 and expands on itCons:- Unoptimized. Lags, stutters and inconsistent framerate.- Using a gamepad will break the game. Scripts will take several minutes to load or don't load at all.It sure takes balls to sell a game in this state and never fix it."
,Recommended,298110,12996603,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Charlie Kelly,"Love it. Improves on everything that made farcry 3/blood dragon great.  Hate the mouse movement though not sure what is going on there.EDIT: Not sure if a patch occurred or it was just my PC, but the mouse stuttering problem is solved for me."
,Recommended,298110,12996287,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,King of Games,"Very engaging, got me sitting glued to the screen for hours.10/10 would sit in Uplay and not get connected for forever again."
,Recommended,298110,13352448,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,A McDonald's Pumkin Creme Pie,♥♥♥♥ Rhinos #HoneyBadgerMasterRace
76561197978306182,Recommended,298110,13154288,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Kane,An excellent addition to the Far Cry series. Who doesn't like shooting guys while riding on the back of an elephant?
76561198079217849,Recommended,298110,13041576,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Actual Cannibal Shia Labeouf,10/10 Would make tiger explode again.
,Recommended,298110,13020710,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,AL,I get bored easily.  But this new Far Cry is really surprising.  Totally worth 60$.
,Recommended,298110,12990996,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,tier 3 battlecup second place,Just begin with this game. First impression: Stunning graphics.And I followed orders.BEAT THE GAME WITHIN 30MINS.FOUND ANOTHER GAME THAT YOU COULD BEAT IN 30MINSDEFINATELY 11/10Game of the year :)
76561198073018958,Recommended,298110,12993257,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,iMw,Looks amazing but my gaming card pooped so I can't really play but otherwise looks pretty cool
,Recommended,298110,13749601,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Reubensandwichthe1st,"Far Cry 2 + Far Cry 3 = Far Cry 5 Oh wait sorry my math is a little off today it equals Far Cry 4.Far Cry 4 is the equation above, it has a lot of FC3 and some FC2 mixed in. The game is super fun if you loved FC3.Far Cry 4 is like a BIG DLC for Far Cry 3 that adds Graphics and Features to the best of gameplay.Far Cry 4 has 1 problem, its buggy to get in. The game so far I have not seen a bug. But out of the game there are many. There not the worst but they can be unpleasent to deal with.Over all I would recommend this game, easy 9/10. 9 beacause its has the bugs."
,Not Recommended,298110,13901558,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Peter Filip,It keeps stalling when launching the game. Is this what you pay for and it doesn't work. Emberrass for steam as well as Ubi.
76561197998928395,Not Recommended,298110,24544608,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Nemo,"Cons:- uplay- start steam, start uplay, log into uplay, unskippable loading screens, ingame login => more that 5 minutes to start actual gameplay- unskippable cutscenes- no saves, only checkpoints- crashes a lot- in the middle of game there is unavoidable crash so I can't finish- some player actions are not skippable, e.g. skinning, healing, so enemies can freely attack- not enough action- stealth game mechanics could use a little tweaking- capturing towers misses funPros:- part of the game is enjoyable- graphics"
76561197972619463,Recommended,298110,12995262,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Decoy,Far cry 4 awesome so far but honestly more of the same from far cry 3 just sexy graphics id wait for the bargain bin
76561198056357544,Recommended,298110,33164160,Posted: 2 July,all,Half-Life 3,fun game
,Recommended,298110,14315158,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Swedneck,"is gr8 m8. I r8 8/8.On a serious note it takes the problems of 3 and improves them a lot, however the AI is still fairly ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and many other problems have come into existance with the sheer size of the game. One major problem is that it can barely run smoothly at the lowest settings, and i have done everything i can to help it. In the end the good overcomes the bad by a lot, the game is DEFINITELY worth buying if you liked far cry 3 and you will probably spend your money well if you like shooting 5 people in a row with a bow. Speaking of spending money, i would wish ubisoft could sell it for 50€ or something; it's not a huge amount less per game but it would make it much easier for people to afford, plus more people will have the money to buy the addons."
,Not Recommended,298110,23913025,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,D3ADL0Ck,"All of the collecting is incredibly boring and repetative. The side quests don't really reward the player well, and the only incentive to do them is if you're trying to 100% the game.Similar to other far cry games, the stealth can be very unforgiving, to the point where it doesn't make sense. Additionally, for a game that has a high stealth component, there really isn't a way to make your character more stealthy.The dogs. The DOGS! I can't tell you how many times I was trying to stealthily take down an outpost when a pack of those rabid ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s swarmed me. The amount of predators is absurdly high in general. This does not serve to make the game more fun or challenging, just annoying and repetative. In FC3, encountering a dangerous predator was thrilling, and you felt the danger.As opposed to FC3, this one just has no story. Ajay isn't given any serious motivation to complete the story, and he slips right into his role of a murderous sociopath with not even the illusion of tension. There is no narrative from Ajay on how he feels about ANYTHING. Maybe the devs wanted to treat it more like an rpg? It just comes off as lazy in my opinion.Bottom line, this game has the standard skeleton of any FC game, but without any heart or story. The stealth and the predators made the game incredibly frustrating. You shouldn't play this game."
,Not Recommended,298110,31070766,Posted: 10 April,all,Wendigo^,"I know I'm a little bit late, but i've recently bought and finished this game, an I'm going to say: it's bad. Very bad. My walkthrough lasted for 32 hours. Longest hours in my life. First time I liked the game, I even wanted to buy and finish DLC after finishing main story, but after the half of the game passed, I changed my mind. You know why? Because it's boring. It is not so boring as Call of Duty, but anyway. The game has awful gameplay, comparing to FC3 it's even worse. There is nothing was improved, graphics are absolutely same, but system requirements are more strict, I seriously can't understand, why is this thing lagging sometimes on my (quite good) computer. GTX 760, i5 4440, 8gb RAM DDR4. But let's get back to gameplay and forget about graphics. Besides there is and open world in this game, it's realized awfully. Always the same tasks and the same strategy for everything. For taking outposts, towers, playing arena matches (most boring and monotonous mini-game i've ever seen, but I badly wanted to make ""Bushman"" available at store). By the way, the game has some new mechanics, like grapnel for climbing, but it is really not funny or complicated at all. It's just a formality. To climb you just need to grapple (only where it's available) and press and hold LMB. VERY INTERESTING. Also, story is taking place in rocky region, so, prepare yourself for running and riding long wriggling roads, because it's impossible to use wingsuit or paraplane or gyrocopter in this game. Gyrocopter has a height limit and the only thing you can usually do is to fly from the top of the hill to it's bottom, or fly along the road. IT'S ABSOLUTELY USELESS. Paraplanes and wingsuits always catch trees, even if you passed through the edge of the small twig. And also when you get out of the paraplane you can get killed by ITSELF (or it's just I'm so lucky, idk). Now about the story. There is NO story. There is just stupid choice between factions, each of them has it's own truth and you are choosing your one. Yes, i know, what are you thinking about. Just like in Fallout 4, but Fallout 4 factions are really interesting and there is plenty to choose from. But in Kyrat your choice changes nothing. SPOILER: whatever you choose, in the end of the game you will leave Kyrat under dictator. It can be Pagan Min, if you won't leave him at the beginning of the game, or you are going to kill him and let another dictator take his place (that depends on your choice of Amita or Sabal). The only interesting character here is Pagan, others are made from wood or stone. They can't feel anything, they can only give you quests to kill someone/something, capture someone/something. And the last thing... Main character. It's the worst character i've ever seen... A character without a character. Always the same emotionless intonation of speaking, in fact he is bottle-washer that is doing everything he is told to do. He is not changing during the campaign, though he is killing people. LOTS OF PEOPLE. Though he is the same flesh and blood boy, just like Jason Brody from FC3. But the character of Jason was revealed, and he was ""evolving"" during the story. But our new patient is made from wood or stone, just like other characters of the game. My final assessment is 5/10. It's ""average"", cause you can skip the game and you will lose nothing, but you can also finish it, and have some kind of fun from your walkthrouhg. Anyway, it's your choice, but I'd better offer to spend money on something more valuable."
76561198090815540,Not Recommended,298110,29171076,Posted: 10 January,all,monberger90,The game is great but ubisoft has a CR@py system and servers... I sent a email to there costumer support over 2 weeks ago and havent even had a reply.Friendly warning DO NOT buy anything from ubisoft...
,Not Recommended,298110,13976788,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Ahravi the waff,"You'd think being mostly copy paste from FC3 that it wouldn't be super buggy. Wrong.You'd also think that with all the advertising stuff about co-op, that it would stay functional for more than 5 minutes.. WRONG!Check my screenshots for FC4 co-op bugs out the wazoo. I didn't even try to break the game, I just played normally.Keep in mind those are only the ones I took pics of, there were at least 50 more things that went wrong (not exaggerating).Overall it's fun and you should get it, but not at full price and not in it's current state. Also don't expect co-op to work well."
76561198100566070,Not Recommended,298110,28688653,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,onezerorising,"Well look. If you liked Far Cry 3, honestly? Set the difficulty to max and play it again. This, this is just more of the same without a decent storyline, and far, far more random combat. Which, if you like that sort of thing - well have at it. There's nothing bad to say. The accuracy of the standard aim-assist is WAY too good - turn that off also. There's loads to do, look for, search for, hunt down, but here I am, over 70 hours in, and I promise you this: I will not be finding everything else, I will not be going for 100%. I won't even be going for a look-see at the game's alleged 'four' potential endings. If you have not played any game from the franchise, go pick up '3'. If you're an old hand - like I say, go play '3' and do everything you can think of in the settings menu to offer you a new challenge. This 'new' game though? This Far Cry 4? Ultimately, whilst it has all the flaws you might expect: collision detection accuracy sucks, and like that, and it really isn't a bad game at all, frankly? I wasted my money and I'll be deleting it, permenantly, right after I finish this review. Go figure."
,Recommended,298110,14061557,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,defaulT,МНЕ НРАВИТСЯ
,Not Recommended,298110,15528983,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Kenshin Thrashvis,Can play most games but this game is too choppy on computer. Uplay go home im not signing up.
,Not Recommended,298110,31166937,Posted: 15 April,all,Furfag,"Bland, uninspired, COD for poor, outdated, not worth my money.The intro sequuence was promising, as it is usual for the Far Cry franchise. But then it quickly deterioates. Character motivation is just immediatly to pick up arms and join the revolution or whatever it is the protagonist barely understands. Characters are barely explored and only superficially introduced. Yes they can be fun but it NEVER goes anywhere. Real Story is always limited into independed 3 minute capsules which are hardly hardly interconnected.This game just gets straight to the shooting, which feels just like in far cry 2, very static and arcade. The introduction setting begs to be explored but ""spoilers"": The character is immediatly ""freed"" after the first cutscene and rescued as part of the tutorial. After that its back to missions you know for Far Cry 2.Why this game has a great rating is BEYOND my immagination. Is it that hard to at least add an actual storyline into this? Everything about this game just feels fake. Even the gameplay."
76561198333873711,Not Recommended,298110,28916831,Posted: 1 January,all,Robertex1,This game did not load for me and I have tried everything
,Recommended,298110,13043665,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Sathoros,This game is great on so many levels but there is one proiblem and that is the lag it makes the game unenjoyable but playable. If this was fixed the game would be flawless for me.
,Not Recommended,298110,13045719,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Bangki Cocoa,i explain under the linkhttp://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLBk0aLZEoxcNhlucj0wibDm3Es_9Cx-XZ
76561197978253285,Not Recommended,298110,17311549,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Jcapo,Nope
76561198153761197,Recommended,298110,13816747,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,SMURFELINE,SHORT STORY....
76561198068990726,Recommended,298110,18496195,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,September 11 2001,I like men
,Not Recommended,298110,25376921,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,schizosid,"Far Creed 4's cooperative multiplayer mode retains just enough of the core game to be tantalizing and removes just enough to be infuriating.  Maybe, instead of endlessly plagiarizing its own products, Ubisoft should consider ripping off Volition's Saints Row franchise."
76561198022867449,Not Recommended,298110,25595981,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Messo,"It's a typical Ubisoft game:- Starts great;- Turns out to be repetitive;- You get bored;- Unninstall the game and regret the purchase.If you don't have anything else to play, buy it."
,Not Recommended,298110,31457379,Posted: 30 April,all,League of Extrodinary Trolls,"I liked the game but farcry to me is just a big copy and paste ever since 3. Not trying to bash it but the environment, guns, and map all feel the exact same. Same take downs same cars boats and so much more. The story is different obviously but ever since the third it just feels like they changed a few things around so they could sell it under a new title."
,Not Recommended,298110,29811063,Posted: 9 February,all,J-Nice,Everything was going great until I tried to play and Ubisoft servers were having issues. Because of that I couldn't play the game. I tried going offline like it suggested but for whatever reason I was required to reinstall the game.I can't justify giving a positive review to a game that is fun but may not work if servers are down.
,Recommended,298110,25062692,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Kenny Logins,this game is da best
,Recommended,298110,16407936,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Mega Boi Troi,Blonde dude eats my mom ashes11/10         -IGN
,Recommended,298110,13020235,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,oj,"if you like to play the weerry good game, buy this game.. its good and you can play for a good money?i like the game and it runs good at my pc (no specs on my profile)the price is ok for a game like this, i have played for a while and i think the money is worth,,"
,Not Recommended,298110,14024824,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Hunk Skinhub.com,"well, this game, for me, is buggier than assassin's creed unity and watchdogs combined. I had trouble with the first runs, that made it unplayable... but those  were patched. Then, I had about an hour of bug free gameplay. When suddenly, my game just decided to start running in windowed mode... This was the start of the typical ubi♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Suddenly, out of the blue, I can no longer run it fullscreen period. Took me a while and a good bit of being♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off to figure that out. Now, I get random crashes... All for different reasons. Sometimes it stops responding, sometimes it stops my drivers, sometimes it just closes. I really don't know how software just breaks like that but it did.Some people complain about lowfps, now the game actually seemed optimized fine, I was running 2k settings in it which I almost never do in games. The shadows suck though, and the overall look of the game is nothing special. Nothing you haven't seen before.So besides the fact that its pretty much broken... heres a couple more reasons to avoid playing this.When you do actually get the game going, you want to troubleshoot your settings a bit. First time, you're gunna get about 15 or more minutes of intros and cutscenes... that you can't skip. So even if you save your graphics settings there, and restart the game to feel its fully applied, guess what... its all ♥♥♥♥ing reset and you have to watch the unskippables again. In fact, every cutscene is unskippable, and trust me, you're gunna want to skip some of these, because they are just stupid.Here's another really irritating ♥♥♥♥ing thing. So, you actually play a little, it's telling you to go to the first mission but you say no, because it's an open world and you're still kinda troubleshooting. Well, you go left instead of forward, because thats the only other way you can go really. You find a hanglider. You get on it, and die asap. You're reborn, you get back to it thinking you screwed up, get on it, and die again. You do this 3 more times and realize, no, there is nothing you can do, this hanglider hits a tree during its take off animation and it will kill you every time you use it. So there goes the first hour of your far cry 4 experience.So here's some pros for the game.You finally just say ♥♥♥♥ that ♥♥♥♥ing hanglider, you go to the mission, grab an atv, and then go ram that hanglider the ♥♥♥♥ off the cliff. You play some of the story and start to get the hang of the mechanics and crafting and weapons. Start to care for the story and your character development. Maybe play a coop with a way better player. Then BAM. (back to a con) your game breaks. Suddenly you cant go fullscreen, suddenly you can't go 10 minutes without freezing or crashing or drivers stopped working...So what do you do, you go and play assassin's creed unity just ♥♥♥♥ing fine, while all your friends complain about how it doesnt work at all for them and they ask you to come play farcry.wtf is wrong with ubisoft?"
,Not Recommended,298110,17777585,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Lurk,does not work\
76561198033980648,Recommended,298110,12993589,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Evertrill,"So far so good. Game looks great and plays great (didn't even have the new driver installed and it played fine). Haven't played enough to get a real review on it but I just wanted to put out that it plays fine. Troy Baker has an amazing voice, not exactly the person I thought would do the voice of Pagan Min but hey it worked out in the end. Mouse sensitivity was a bit odd but I was able to change and now it fits me better. The, I forget what it is called so I will just call it this, mouse tagging was also a bit odd but I turned it off so now it is fine. Overall it is pretty good so far.EDIT: OK, just beat the game and I have to say it is still good. I guess I will start off with the story.Story: Not the best story I have ever heard but not the worst. Had to play as the voice of reason at times between the bickering children and they often got their feelings hurt. A lot of times the story didn't make sense, you come to Kyrat and suddenly you are the greatest warrior that ever lived. Far Cry 3 was similar in that aspect but they had the Tatau so it made up for it meanwhile Far Cry 4 doesn't. The story is important but not too important in a free roam game.Gameplay: It plays like Far Cry 3 so if you liked Far Cry 3 gameplay then you will most likely like this one as well. They added a few new things that Far Cry 3 didn't have like Grappling Hooks, Beehives, etc. but for the most part it is just like Far Cry 3. Belltowers to climb in order to reveal the map and to get free weapons. Sneak in to take down an outpost, charge head on and take everyone out or just put down everyone from a distance. My favorite thing to do is come in with a Buzzer and a grenade launcher as my secondary and rain hell from above. Cars act pretty much the same, but they added a new feature where you can shoot from the car instead of getting out and shooting them it also has an auto drive feature so you can shoot without worrying about slamming into a tree. New Karma system which allows you access new perks and other things. You can also call in gunmen to help you out.Location: It's alright but this might be a bit biased since I like city settings not forest/jungle settings. Lots of interesting places to visit with their own little theme. Kyrat is a large and open place to explore so it will be hard to get bored. The Himalayas is pretty fun to visit. They added snowstorms so you have to find oxygen tanks in order to stay alive. It also makes it harder to see and harder for the enemies to see you so you get a boost in your stealth. Haven't explored it too much so I haven't found everything up there.Replayability: It has a lot of replayability. This game has a good amount of choices on what you should do. Side with this person and get this mission or side with that person and get that mission. I have only beaten it once so I haven't been able to see what all the different decisions will do but I plan on playing it several times in order to see what all the choices do.Characters: MC isn't my favorite but not my least favorite. He comes off very awkwardly and bland. Don't really like the leaders of the Golden Path, one of them is stuck in tradition meanwhile the other wants to destroy it and move on often dragging you into their little spats. Hell I liked the villains more than the ""good guys"". Noore and Paul made me feel bad, Yuma made me feel pitty but the ""good guys"" made me feel nothing really, couldn't care less if they lived or died (except Bhadra, felt bad for her). Pagan Min, 7 words: best video game villian in my opinion. He beats Vaas in my opinion, dude is a riot. Couldn't stop laughing at the end and having Troy (♥♥♥♥ing) Baker as his voice actor is the cherry on top.Wildlife: Eagles are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, straight up jerks. ""Oh you minding your own business, just walking around? Caw caw ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥."" A lot of the predators act the same as they do in Far Cry 3. Rhinos are rude, Elephants are pretty chill and riding them is fun. Terrified of swimming due to the Demon Fish and Honey Badgers are made of steel. Everything else just runs away like normal.Weapons: A lot of Far Cry 3 weapons make a return and the weapon wheel is pretty similar except now you can't have 4 rocket launchers, only 3. You have to have a secondary which can be a pistol of choice, a sawed off shotgun, a crossbow or a grenade launcher. You can use your secondary in vehicles to avoid getting out to kill people. New throwing knife so you can take people down silently without a bow (or 360 headshot someone across the map). Grenade launcher mounted weapons and mortars which destroys everything in the way (I wasn't expecting that the first time I shot that thing). Attachments aren't really special, for example silencers, sights and extended mags. You can also give your weapon a new paint job just like in Far Cry 3.TLDR: Game plays like Far Cry 3 so it is a lot of fun for me. Story is alright, not the greatest. ""Good guy"" characters suck, villains rule. Location is fine, but I am a bit biased on that. Wildlife is rude most of the time but they can be pretty cool. Far Cry 4 has the same weapons as Far Cry 3 but also has some of its own weapons. Also forgot to mention the game continues after you beat it so you don't have to worry about stopping before the last mission in order to continue playing."
,Recommended,298110,30329323,Posted: 4 March,all,empachosonico,"If you liked Far Cry 3, then you'll love Far Cry 4. Same game mechanics but some much more to do, much better graphics and such beatufil landscapes. If you can, just get the game already!"
76561198077025828,Not Recommended,298110,14454804,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Karismo,On sale and finally bought it. Installed and it crashed immediately upon boot. Bought a game I can't even play!
,Recommended,298110,33069148,Posted: 30 June,all,Antonio kontos,pagen min is way more fun the ajay
,Recommended,298110,23917671,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,𝓢𝓱𝓪𝓭𝔂,"Good storyline, but little too much decisions to make.Gameplay is also good like on the other Far Cry games.8/10"
76561198099923734,Not Recommended,298110,14755785,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Themanfish,"I refunded the game since it didn't worked on mine pc,but i played many hours on xbox 360 so don't get tricked by my play time on steam.Far cry 4 is a sequel to one of mine favorite games of all time : Far Cry 3. And sadly i have to announce that im greatly dissapointed by this game.Pros :+ Beutiful graphics+ A huge map+ Map has forest areas and snowy mountains,lake's,cave's and a lot of more interesting parts of the map     to explore+ ""Karma Events"",i really liked it since it made exploring world,and going to waypoints interestingCons :- Story is kinda boring and hard to follow- Quests are terrible because there is almost no interaction with other people,in Far Cry 3 they would       tell you what happened and everytime it was unique,while here every quest seems same,and it is because you do the same damn thing- Mechanics are pretty much same like in Far Cry 3,it just adds few new takedowns and some gear- Characters are boring and not really unique,tey feel like the devs where trying to hard to creep out the player but itsn ot working, in Far Cry 3 there was much more depth in itOverall the game gets boring really fast and its not worth its full price.What keept me playing in Far Cry 3 was its mysterious and interesting characters,everything seemed so unique,fun strategic,there was just so much depth in the storyline. While in the Far Cry 4 it feels so empty,i simply couldn't finish the game because of how bored i was. I wouldn't recommend this game to anyone even on a sale!5/10 - Game is not worth its price,has boring story,quests are all the same and overall not good game"
,Recommended,298110,13893818,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,.dave,"It's good.  Play it,"
76561198029449202,Not Recommended,298110,31026597,Posted: 8 April,all,m2bleo7,"This is a very good game, fun and all.If you can play it, that is. I urge anybody to read this to be extremely careful when buying Ubisoft games. My Ubisoft launcher recently updating and ended up breaking itself. If Uplay doesn't work, your game won't, even if your game works fine. This has happened numerous times to be and I'm done. No more Uplay. No more Ubisoft."
76561198002443526,Not Recommended,298110,22890498,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Doom,"Wow, it would be neat to play. I've spent hours jumping through hoops trying to get it to run. The latest, after following the directions to uninstall and re-install Play, brings to this review page instead of actually running the game. Neat! Steam says I still have the game (requested a refund days ago, but that's how long it takes for Ubisoft customer service to get back with help).Must be neat to get this game to run."
76561197992641427,Not Recommended,298110,15313200,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Blockaye Road To Global,♥♥♥♥. this. game.
,Recommended,298110,13008130,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,TheDBro,"Ubisoft didn't giveTWO SH**Sabout debugging. A lot of people who pre-ordered this game couldn't play cause of bugs, caused by bluetooth devices and USBs (I am one of those people). I still like the YouTube videos about it. Like it."
76561198041930460,Recommended,298110,13009185,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Logic,"People keep saying that this game is like Far Cry 3.  I bad thing? HELL NO! That game was amazing, aside from one biome throughout the whole island.Pros:-Graphics are amazing-Map is massive-So much to do-KARMA :D-Lots of new weapons-The multiplayer is quite fun I have to say-New animals-I love being able to go to the mountains and in the snow, that ♥♥♥♥♥ fun!-Strongholds-Co-opCons:-Some stuttering-Some what boring story-No classes in multiplayer?-UPLAY >:cThats all! I haven't been able to play a lot of this game sadly, school and work, but if you guys liked Far Cry 3, get this game :D"
76561198042057652,Recommended,298110,13009605,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,KodiakBurr,This is honestly one of the funest games ive ever played!
,Recommended,298110,13011920,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,run up on em acca FOOL,10/10 pretty nice
,Recommended,298110,13003567,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,ParachutePeople,"Game is amazing, runs above 60 fps on highest settings, no critical bugs, great game play, ok story"
,Recommended,298110,13011492,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,slzrd,">end of mission>blow up generator>get crushed by a falling tower11/10 would buy againedit: @all the scrubs complaining about it not loading or ""black screen"" ever thought its a computer problem not a ubi/farcry problem?"
,Not Recommended,298110,19378585,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,:Dean,Game is goodFak Uplay
76561197979983102,Recommended,298110,13011909,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Fireseed,This is an all around great game. Packed with content and bug free. An excellent PC release with a ton of graphics and interface options (even an FOV slider!). I highly reccomend this game. Skip COD and ubisofts other disasterous release and step into the world of Kyrat. You won't regret it.
,Recommended,298110,13223444,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Lux,"Very god game its are god I took download hard time... 20 Horse omgI killed demon fish, it bited me lol omg"
,Not Recommended,298110,18472718,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,DatKustari,Id rather play FarCry3
76561198305614991,Not Recommended,298110,30353422,Posted: 6 March,all,KillSwitch,"Awesome game! But its a console based game, on PC with my 1070 with 16go ram and i7 6700 i need to turn the graphics down to medium settings to get decent fps. But if you can look past that then yeah its worth a buy"
76561198088749810,Not Recommended,298110,29454036,Posted: 23 January,all,Fortz,Had to reinstall the game and now Uplay wont let me start the game (cant go offline since its first time setup and server is apparently down).
76561198074563773,Recommended,298110,26847790,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,The Rocky Balboa,Stop reading the reviews and buy it already.
,Recommended,298110,13062560,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Big Al the Exquisite Meme Man,This game continues Far Cry's tradition of being extremely fun and complementing your fun with a sh***y ending.
76561197981441664,Not Recommended,298110,13956636,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,VERIFIED ALT RIGHT,the sole purpose of this game is hunting elephants whith rpg-7 while riding another elephant. Anybody telling you otherwise is a liar
,Recommended,298110,14072553,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Sleepy Kitten,f*ck ubigaben is lovegaben is lifepraise gaben
76561197964025810,Not Recommended,298110,25378800,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Boraean,I am 35 hours into this game and about 60% complete.  However I won't finish the other 40% as it is soo boring.  This is just FC3 with different scenery and I didn't think much of it though at least I finished the game.  Some poeple have compared this to Skyrim - no idea how as the side missions in Skyrim kept me occupied for hundreds of hours.The story is derivitive and you can see what is going to happen early on - I checked online for endings as I wasn't going to play any further and everything was as I expected it to be.The wildlife is extremely annoying - you can't walk anywhere for a minute without being attacked by something which just slows progress.  How many f'ing eagles are there in this country - I've killed 50+!Put your money elsewhere - there are better shooters and far better stories out there.
76561198124680017,Not Recommended,298110,30343354,Posted: 5 March,all,ajmlondon,"used to be great but now the servers drop out all the time, completely unstable. My network is finePresume all the server power is going to the new releases"
,Recommended,298110,13207087,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,daajfr,how the ♥♥♥♥ does a honey badger survive with 5 arrows in its head
76561198014569888,Not Recommended,298110,35057149,Posted: 18 September,all,Sgt-Hawker,"First I really enjoy the Far Cry series.  Even with the great graphics and an okay story, and a new area not used very often, did not make me want to play the game.  The begining was great started strong, but the rest of the game just felt meh.  Not fun but more like work.I am holding out hope for 5 which is why i tried this one again.No bugs that I foundminor clippingdecent graphics nothing to write home aboutIf you get it on sale, maybe.  Like I said just could not get into the game and I tried.  I still re play Far Cry 3.  But not this one."
,Not Recommended,298110,25560976,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,[SPQR] Gronak,The story and characters are not particularly engaging or enjoyable.
76561198143469252,Not Recommended,298110,14511158,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Chin Chin,no its a good game but u need i new game website to get it and its not very good the website
,Not Recommended,298110,28868931,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Logined,All I care is why the holy mother of heck can not I play in f..ng ENGLISH?
,Not Recommended,298110,24071657,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,OMGWTFSRSLY©,"PROSOpen WorldFeels like FarCry3CONSFeels like FarCry3 ( It's like reskinned of FarCry3Mountains have invisible ceiling so it's not climableS-h-1-tty console port:Textures are designed for consoles. So you feel like you're wasted your money to build the most advance/high-end pc.Fur simulation feels like experimantal ( which it is )Random FPS drops :sad:Downgraded graphics configuration ( as expected from Ubi♥♥♥♥ )Highly likely that you will experience ""Black Screen"" or ""Loading Screen of Death""If you don't believe me that graphics is♥♥♥♥♥♥ compare this to Crysis3.NOTE:My rigi7 4790 ProcessorGeForce GTX97016GB RAM2Tb HDDAnd feels like 500USD machineIf you're in for OpenWorld Stealth/Rambo gameplay you'll probably going to enjoy this game.If you're in just for the graphics, you'll be dissapointed.Anyway, glad I waited and bought it for discounted price. I would have been totally disapointed if I bought this game on its released price.It is by no means a bad game though I can only recommend this if the price is at least 50% from its original price. That is, buy it as soon as it's on sale."
,Recommended,298110,32671257,Posted: 23 June,all,O$am@BenL@denMLG360NSISISFTW,Probably one of the best games ever played.
,Recommended,298110,12996365,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Perfectly calm,10/10great game!and fu*king mini helicopters!!!!YEAYA!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,298110,26552325,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,JG,剧情很不错，玩儿法相比较3代改进了不少。也算是育碧少有的良心作了。二周目依旧很有挑战性，这可能就是沙盒游戏的有点吧。
,Recommended,298110,20151684,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Suo,"One damn great game, I think I love it just as much as I did with Far Cry 3. Wait, scratch that, I love StrungDisc more than anything."
,Recommended,298110,30343535,Posted: 5 March,all,Bartholomeus,yes
76561197974363922,Not Recommended,298110,19310554,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,grimm,busy work with litle context.  on par but nothing speacial
,Not Recommended,298110,16379276,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,MinceFleshPipes,Better than far cry 3 in everyway. oh wait...
76561198138033211,Recommended,298110,28892829,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,xiroman3,It's noice.
76561198043742066,Not Recommended,298110,28773797,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Fuxorator,"Unskippable cutscenes are arrogant and annoying, but OK I can live with that - except the game is buggy and doesn't save progress properly - meaning you are forced to watch these cutscenes over and over and over and over... until you get so frustrated that you just uninstall this junk. Major step backwards from Far Cry 3."
76561198063162239,Recommended,298110,13914225,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Uncle_Lo,"To begin with, the game is worth 1300 rubles (I live in Russia). Far Cry 4 has two factors that make it better than Far Cry 3: Graphics and gameplay. However, I liked the story of Far Cry 3 far better than the story of Far Cry 4. If you want the same experience as in the third part, don't get it, it is completely different: no definition of insanity, no knives and philosophy whatsoever. The world is massive and beatiful, it will certainly take a lot of time to explore thoroughly. There are tons of missions to do (storyline ones excluded), it's really fun. Now, if you want to speak about the cons, the thing that makes the game pretty frustating sometimes is how poorly the difficulty of the missions and save points are intertwined. For example, a really frustrating mission was the one at the airport where you meet Willis Huntley. If you get caught somewhere - screw all your labour to get this far, start over again. To sum everything up, I would give the game 9 points out of 10. Oh, and pardon my English if there were any mistakes."
76561198155111233,Not Recommended,298110,35282531,Posted: 28 September,all,rpionbc49,I would enjoy playing this game offline. But for most of the time. i have to connect to the internet and log in before i play offline mode. I select the option to stay offline but still needs to contantly keep logging in. these games...this game is old lols
,Recommended,298110,28110873,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,GREEN_PB,great game but it sucks that you can't skip Cut scenes
,Not Recommended,298110,15452231,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Col. Hans Landa,"The game is great and very entertaining! Probably the best Far Cry in my opinion because of it's extremly diverse amount of animals which are almost all endangered lol. The only reason I couldn't recommend it is because apparently I have a ""pirated copy"" because since day 1 from buying I can't get the game to save, play in 1080, or even connect to online. I have questioned multiple forums for help but never found a fix. But I just actually pirated a copy so I could play, and if you're thinking about getting this game just pirate it."
,Recommended,298110,15436810,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,WeeWee,Yep
76561198118810768,Recommended,298110,13244240,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,LiL pump is best rapper,Good
,Recommended,298110,15086820,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,fatputtycat,"DISCLAIMER!!!Never played Far Cry 1 or 2 for more than an hour, and only played the free roam elements of Far Cry 3 with everything unlocked and a few missions at the end, thanks to my friend who let me borrow his copy on console when we still didn't know about the glorious PC (what fools we were).So this game is neat. You got a huge map to explore, fun activities, some boring missions while there are other missions that can cause some trial and error. It's a pretty fun experience overall. The majority of negitive reviews are claiming how the game is very alike Far Cry 3, I have not played the story and only around 7-ish hours of freeroam, but I can kinda see what their talking about. One of the terms they use a lot to describe this game is ""expansion"". Since i'm not a die hard Far Cry fan and never got around to playing a lot of Far Cry, I cannot relate to this. I still think it is a nice game. I enjoy riding elephants into battle, hopping on the back of an allies truck and fallowing them on their travels, helping allies in need for KP (Karma Points) in return. I wish the player could kill many allies without getting KP punishments, but instead have the allies attack the player.TOTAL RATING:8.9/10, it's enjoyable, but the storyline brings it down for me.  I miss the crazy pirate guy, Vaas was his name right? Well the new guy is kinda cool, I mean, he stabbed somebody with a fork. Who does that?!"
,Recommended,298110,23874239,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,🥃Uncle Bourbon,"I generally write long reviews for every game I play, but this one doesnt need it. Its a great game, play it. Well worth the money.If you want to read more, here is why its great:because it's great"
,Recommended,298110,14906654,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Krazy,Completed game in 15 mins while afk. 11/10 would afk again.
,Recommended,298110,14040243,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Ganda1f,its really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really  really really really really really really really really really really really cool game.
,Recommended,298110,28922013,Posted: 1 January,all,Jacket,8/10 too many mountains
,Recommended,298110,13221676,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,BeyondDgrave,"its♥♥♥♥♥♥ the game dosent open its been like this for five days and no aswer on wen its gething fix. pluss no one wants to take responsability on the issue and will not refound my money. buy at your own risk. Theres people able to play the game but the numbers are bigger on the side of the people who can't play it plus the people who can play it report bugs and issues whit fps and gameplay and its not because of my PC specs I am running two r9 290x on cross fire plus 34 ram and a 8 core CPU 4.5 Mhz  on a water coold system/ avarage Fps per game on ultra sething's 75 to a 100. on 4k 50 to 60. So its not the pc, the game its broken.Updatethe game is flawless now whit the new patches."
,Recommended,298110,13062320,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,indykiller2000,"I love the Far Cry franchise and was looking forward to the fourth installment (fifth if you count Blood Dragon) in the series. There are things I like and dislike about this game, though.Pros--Great gameplay-Graphics are beautiful-The characters have the perfect amount of personality-The open world is huge-Elephant riding-The Buzzer (Helicopter)-Good skill progression (Pretty much the same as Far Cry 3, but thats what I like)Cons--Multiplayer (Online) servers-I don't HATE Uplay but yeah-These god damn bugs-Far Cry 3 Multiplayer: 4 player      Far Cry 4 Multiplayer: 2 player-The storyline seems like they made it up at the last minute-FPS drops"
,Not Recommended,298110,16726058,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,The Ember,"You know youve failed at storytelling when the player would rather fight on the villains side then with the ""good"" guys."
,Recommended,298110,16252253,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,aidan,"Welp young PatiW0n, Let me tell you about that game called Far cry 4. So one day i went into my stem loobrary and i founded this game called Far cry 4, i started playing this game. after 10 minutes i realized this was a rip off of the newly released game called half life 1. so i decided that i went to Gobe nukell and i told hom about this rip off.  he did not answer so i decided to summon him by going to the same damn grocery market and i decided to get roobed again by pooling my pants down and wiggling everywhere. when i got roobbed gob Rukel cayme out and througheded another hard copy of csgo. but then out of no where Drag0n came out of no where with a handgun in his left hand out of no where and a mac in his right hand our of no where. he then proceeded to shooted the ever living sheit out of Gab puckelfak and then he became the new JobeN. He named himself DragoN and he sold hardcopies of csgo for 40 doelors. every one was sadded by this event and then started to rebel on hem.ANAL HORSE POOES  RATES THIS A FULL 20/10GOBe NUCKEL OpROOVES!"
76561198051478942,Recommended,298110,13780136,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,76561198051478942,"Bhenchod,Kutey kaminay ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
76561198155333356,Not Recommended,298110,15426376,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,pugs on drugzzz,ITS A ♥♥♥♥ING PEACE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥EVERYTIME I GO IN IT IT GO ♥♥♥♥ING BLACK FOR TWO ♥♥♥♥ING HOURS TILL IT SAYS THAT THERES SOMETHING ♥♥♥♥ING WRONG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,298110,15442590,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,pONGEERS,is ok
76561198110293183,Recommended,298110,14847775,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Breaking Bad [idanab11],THE BEST GAME AFTER FAR CRY 3
76561198120537273,Not Recommended,298110,13629141,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Ducknana,holy crap i keep getting black screened when i open the game then it stops responding i didnt wanna pay 60 dollars on this ♥♥♥♥ing game for it not to work good job developers uir game is trash and doesnt work!!!!!      Merry Christmas and Happy New Year
,Recommended,298110,13317463,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,fox,hmmmmmm 10/10 nice game
,Recommended,298110,16497672,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,♦  £ℜΩ♒＄✞ȺƔ ♦,"I hyped this game to the max because I personally loved Far Cry 3, I Played it extensively on my Xbox when it came out. Anyways, This game is very well optimized and the story (so far) is amazing. I was right to hype this game as much as I did.10/10 Would Hype Again."
,Recommended,298110,23900614,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Not_Good_At_Games,get it
76561198118809263,Recommended,298110,30651410,Posted: 21 March,all,네오,GTA5보다두번째로 오래한게임이 Far Cry4 입니다왜 파크라이4 오래했냐고물어보신다면 중독성이 강하기때문이죠..머가중독성이냐구요? 파크라이4 에나오는 노래입니다 노래도노래지만 페이건 민이 좋으니까..ㅎㅎ이상..허접한 편가였습니다!^^;;
76561198119507622,Recommended,298110,27394167,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,WankerShim,i only put a couple of hours into it but its better then 3
,Recommended,298110,13872452,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,James,Great game; co-op is fun taking forts with your buddies. Whether you want to stealth ambush a fortress or hunt some animals this game is very fun and worth the investment.
76561198131659945,Recommended,298110,13935011,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,NomadOfRiverdale,If you are thinking about this game stop wasting valuable time and f#^$@ buy it!! trust me it is well worth it cant wait for the dlc!!
,Recommended,298110,13976335,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,0V3RKILL,a lot of fun. very good single player and coop.
76561198009381204,Recommended,298110,13931244,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,RexTenebris,"Mortars, Great Sites, Guns, Elephants and ♥♥♥♥♥es. What More Could You Possibly Want. In all honesty this is a really fun game, not sure if its worth all that money though."
76561198056707381,Recommended,298110,13977339,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Deus Vult !,"A very familiar formula to Far Cry 3, with the addition of dynamic elements incorperated into the game through unique vehicles, opponents, wildlife and NPC interactions. Through intriquet scripting and voicing, the charatcers you interact with throughout the game generally have an interesting field of depth, as they may reveal portions of their past and how their story came to be.With that being said, the highlighted antagonist, Pagan Min, demonstrates qualities that draw your attention like none other. Unlike the average villain that vows to elimate all who oppose's them, Pagan has an unsettling relaxed-attitude that makes the player wonder of the extensive past of this individual, grasping your attention. Like Vaas, you feel the desire to learn more of this fanatic. Pagan and Vaas are also two very opposing characters in their own unique way, as they excell in certain areas of development, with their own seperate strengths and weaknesses. Far Cry's antagonist reputation-bar has been raised once again.In correspondence to Far Cry 3's protagonist, Jason Brody, the ravine-gap of development that would be expected going from zero-to-terminator  was once again crossed with the easy breeze of a parachute. All possible development stages for the protagonist were once again stripped, as you dawdle out of a building and endeavour upon your massacre, keeping in mind you've never had a glimpse of knowledge towards the combat field. This mistake was also apparent in Far Cry 3, although atleast Jason stopped himself after his first kill, and reflected upon his actions, then proceeded to clear two islands.Tl;Dr - If you loved Far Cry 3, you'll love this even more. Hail Kyra."
76561198059757596,Recommended,298110,13934148,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Mr. Meow,A great game to just kick back and shoot some fools.
76561198065917993,Not Recommended,298110,14207785,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,AmundMrk,This game do not start on my pc. i really want to play this game. plss fix it Ubisoft
76561198024888474,Not Recommended,298110,14199655,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Kumo Esper,Playing for about thirty minutes at a friends house on his ps4 convinced me to pick up the game. Sadly after reinstalling about 3 or 4 times I still can't get it to work may it be patches work arounds injector files disabling HIDs nothing still. I think the game is great from the bit that I played but don't waste your money getting it on the pc it just likely wont work. Looking through ubisoft forums and all over the net looks like nothing is really being done to actually fix the issues people are having.
,Recommended,298110,13084782,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,MadRAGE,wow must be wow
76561197993759980,Not Recommended,298110,24028024,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Mr Ugly,Loved FC 1 & 3. This one however is too heavily scripted and the controls like selecting weapons too fiddly
,Recommended,298110,32121420,Posted: 1 June,all,Grisly General,Welcome to Kyrat.
,Recommended,298110,15301013,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Meme666,"I rode a elephant and i was like ""DAMN GAME NO AUTO-DRIVE!!"""
76561198031266639,Recommended,298110,15333910,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,askvist1944,Suddently I can't play my favorit FarCry4 -all others  civ5 biochock mm is OK in steam
,Recommended,298110,14129101,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Assassino,ok
76561198032068105,Not Recommended,298110,30763363,Posted: 26 March,all,matt1184,Piece of garbage.
,Recommended,298110,32477593,Posted: 16 June,all,Xtr1ke™,"i like it (story,graphic,etc)"
,Not Recommended,298110,17083954,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,AceVelocity,bad bad bad baad baaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaad but kinda kewl m9
76561198180905446,Recommended,298110,18428474,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,N4D4V,graet game
76561198072849326,Not Recommended,298110,19358141,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,VIVΛ,"Been really hyped up for this game (a year late) but so far all im getting is ""far cry servers aren't responding. Try again later"" im really disappointed. I had high hopes (or at least to get past the main menu)"
,Recommended,298110,24233084,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,SpaceBuddy,AWESOME
,Not Recommended,298110,16445185,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,NAAMAHAiKALA,"Boring copy/paste of Farcry 3, without the unnecessary swearing every time you skin an animal - an improvement in my book.The random encounters and retaliating enemies parties are a big plus, they make the world a lot more lively, but then again they occur too often, sometimes making exploring impossible.Worth noting you can't run this thing on a dual core system however you can easily find an unofficial patch for that. I didn't try the patch myself as I don't feel like risking my account."
,Recommended,298110,20333206,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Xavier,They kept everthing that worked well in Far Cry 3 and added lots of new stuffs.
,Recommended,298110,25315092,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Grizzie,10/10 m8
76561198120679846,Not Recommended,298110,16800709,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,CoolieMcDoolies,This game didnt work for me and still hasn't and i spent 80 dollars on this game for Far Cry 4 and the season pass
,Recommended,298110,17898297,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Amaterasu,You get to ride on elephant and kill other elephants by headbutting. Noice.
76561198046369686,Recommended,298110,13234649,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,HerpyVonDerpy,"First Review ever, so I just thought I'd throw in a few of my thoughts:Imagine a world wrought with conflict, exploration, and an attractive appeal unlike any other. A world of vast snowy mountains, civil war, and dangerous wildlife. A world where nature itself can be your greatest friend or your worst enemy, and the decision between life and death lies between the choices one makes.Such is the world of Far Cry 4, the vast, over the top open world first person shooter developed by Ubisoft.With a sense of adventure unmatchable by many games to have recently come out, Far Cry 4’s diversity of utility and sense of exploration easily make it one of the most enjoyable games of the year. Yet despite this, the lack of direction and focus, along with the confusing narrative aspects of the game, restrict it from being something truly outstanding.Probably one of the most mixed aspects of the game lies in the story’s plot and characters. It’s a typical, if not cliche, storyline. The player plays as Ajay Ghale, an American of Kirati descent who comes to his parent’s native land of Kyrat to scatter his mother’s ashes. Along the way, he is swept up in a civil war between the country’s charismatic dictator, Pagan Min, and the rebel group which oppose him, the Golden Path.While one of the positive aspects of the game’s story comes in the form of being able to utilize choice in order to determine the outcome of the story, a negative aspect stems in the lack of clarity that some of these story missions have. There’s not really a sense of explanation about why something happens, such as Ajay’s remarkable ability of suddenly being able to use an elephant as the world’s largest battering ram, and as a result it leaves players muddled and confused.Furthermore, the inconsistency with the performance of the game’s characters inhibits the flow of the story.One of the most noticeable would be Pagan Min, the self proclaimed dictator of Kyrat. He is as insane as he is logical, as civilized as he is barbaric, and because of this easily becomes of the most memorable characters within the game. Despite this, he doesn’t get enough screen time to truly flush him out as a character, and his inconsistent appearances truly dampen his amazing qualities.Fortunately though, regardless of the lack of direction and unclear characters that Far Cry 4 introduces, the massive and jaw dropping world of Kyrat for which the game takes place in more than makes up for these faults.There’s always so much to do in the fictional landscape, whether that be exploring the snow capped mountains of the Himalayas, hunting in the dense and dangerous forests, or even attacking enemy bases to take for oneself. All of this feeds into the game’s remarkable ability of having these events matter, as the rewards for accomplishing side tasks lead to a more memorable game experience. Pelts taken from hunted animals can be used to craft tools which help aid the character, while money looted from enemy outposts can be used to buy new and more destructive weapons. In fact, many of the off hand missions which don’t necessarily follow the main story are the ones that players end up really remembering.This transitions well into the game’s online aspect, as cooperative play with friends and competitivemultiplayer carry the same insane, never ending action seen in single player.These events truly showcase the world of Kyrat which Ubisoft wanted it to be, and what a world it is.From the mountainous lakes and unpredictable events which occur in the game’s wilderness, to the humble villages and simple tribesmen who inhabit the land, the world of Kyrat is not only memorable because it’s gorgeous, but because it’s a living and breathing embodiment of the game’s uncivilized spirit.All in all, Far Cry 4 is one of the more enjoyable games to come out this winter.Despite the inconsistent qualities within the game's characters and narritive, the colorful and interactive land of Kyrat is an interactive advenure which shouldn't be missed."
,Recommended,298110,25645288,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,jxk46,It's that one game that you don't like that also runs like garbo.but you enjoy its company.
,Not Recommended,298110,25650365,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Man Dude,worst ♥♥♥♥ing last boss fight ever
,Recommended,298110,14149193,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,FloppyDisck,"Do you like killing animals in the mosr organized way? I do too thats why you need to buy far cry 4 and buy grenade launchers! Nothing says i protect the enviroment like killing 20 tigers with a grenade launcher or an LMG!""Needs more COD""9/10 IGN""Ubisoft needs to get his♥♥♥♥♥♥straight""69/100 Metacritic""Its not nintendo, sadly""6/10 Polygon""People still read me""8/10 Kotacu""Filthy console peasants""Awesome/10 PC Mag"
,Not Recommended,298110,26198862,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,TheFlamingGalah,"This game is dangerous as it requires the user to slam their password through creating a vulnerability in the client side that could be exploited through a keylogger, I would avoid this product.There may be a safer pirated version somewhere without the login screen is probably safer than the steam version."
,Not Recommended,298110,26177543,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,ChrisM,"I loved FC3, so this should have been a no brainer. Too bad it wasn't. The bad guy just can't compare. I did enjoy taking broadcast towers and listening to Ravi tell everyone about what I was doing in the game. But then after 42 hours I'm stuck in some hallucination shooting the same dude over and over with arrows, being told to stab him in the neck, but I can't because he poofed into red mist. I restarted from checkpoint over and over, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ mission, same thing. So a full workweek of time down and I'm stuck because a required mission is glitched."
76561198196777146,Not Recommended,298110,18500832,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,SWAGGGGG,doesnt ♥♥♥♥ing work
,Recommended,298110,13022419,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Majestic killer chicken,"I dont know realy, it is a good story but the graphix are f***ing up ma PC.  the thing runs SO SLOW and LAGGY when i load and play the game, but the High res cutscenes dont lag i dont know why. i-just dont know if i do or dont like it cause if they ar ereleasing it to last gen consoles they should make a last gen mods where it fite last gen PC's and consoles. but still the game is fun but i didnt finish it until i can get it to f***ing work not lag so much and work more properlyExtra notes: The graphix were on lowest quality and still lagged the f*** out. UPLY IS STILL ON IT! WHOEVER INVENTEL UPLAY I WILL ♥♥♥♥ING KILL YOU WHILE YOU SLEEP!Rating: ???/10"
76561198019959754,Recommended,298110,13028824,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,BiG.BaNG,"Rhinos, eagles, and your wingsuit not deploying are the biggest threats in the entire game.9.31452113/10"
,Recommended,298110,21703549,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,[LST] Fighter5810,Play FC 3 first.If you like it and want more buy this.
76561198157356020,Recommended,298110,24784830,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Acoustic Loser,2 lazy to install uplay
76561198053039194,Not Recommended,298110,28203528,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Seamus12005,It would not start up. You would think after spending $60.00 on a game it would work but it did not. So i uninstalled it and deleted it from my  library. It would go to black screen in windows and freeze. I meet all the requirements to run the game.
76561198008876227,Recommended,298110,13066220,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,M4lm The Ginger,"i dont know if anyone else has this issue but my camera in game stopped working, so now i cant get past a mission...is there a way to fix this ?"
76561197972368446,Recommended,298110,13037614,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Asimo,"You can charge through enemy soliders while on the back of an elephant while firing grenades at anything that escapes your wrath. Sure, you could stealth, but why not leave all your options open?Also I guess you can't skip the cut scenes, but who cares the game is stupid fun."
76561198090234489,Recommended,298110,13035948,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Rioma,"This game is basically Far Cry 3 DLC. BUT. Far Cry 3 was so good and there is so much content that it justifies the price tag. Yeah the animations and sounds are the same, but if you liked Far Cry 3 then it shouldnt be so much of a problem IMO. I've sunk maybe 8 hours into the game, and I've only done maybe 7 or so story missions. There is SO MUCH random stuff to do that you get side tracked real easily. I end up thinking i should get this com tower for map vision, then maybe this outpost for fast travel, but then you get a radio message saying meet some guy to help him out, AND as your doing that a enemy convoy appears that if you chase it down it will give you massive exp so you end up doing that. Next thing you know 2 hours has passed and you never did a single story mission. This game is worth the $."
,Recommended,298110,13036031,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Leandersci,"This game is amazing, It used everthing that was good about far cry 3 and changed it so it was new and improved. Im having a plast playing it. A lot of people say that Pagan Min isnt as good as vass because you rearely come into direct contact with him, but he calls you randomly and tells you a story or just yells at you. Its amazing, only word to describe the beauty and scope of the game. 15/10 (In my opinion better than FC3)"
76561197965959716,Recommended,298110,13039757,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,ddt_eagleeye,Have you ever wanted to go hunting rhinozeroses on the back of an elephant? Then this is the game for you!
,Recommended,298110,13043500,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,We*Are*Legion,"Far cry three runs fine on my system if I turn the graphics down, so day games like skyrim and the mass effect games. Far cry four however, runs really slowly. I feel like an idiot for not making sure I had the necessayr requirements, does anyone know how I can make this game run faster or do I need a different computer?"
,Recommended,298110,13049362,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,BARACUSTHEFEARED,i think if you enjoyed far cry 3 you will aprechiate this game it does use a few of the same animations when proforming some tasks kile healing and climbing but there are alot mor new ones added. as far as glitches go i have only had a few annoyences with character models but over all solid game so far
76561198055109785,Recommended,298110,13036395,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Nate,Not a fan of Uplay but still a Awesome Game if you liked FarCry 3 you'll love it
,Recommended,298110,13037301,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,fuong fam,Nice♥♥♥♥♥mafaing game.
,Recommended,298110,13041918,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,TinG^^,"It's a good game, but you have to have a pretty good pc to run this game."
76561198075153738,Recommended,298110,13036197,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,iRoamAround,Lying ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s! So much for that friday update...♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198031510167,Recommended,298110,13040434,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,sourceofpain,"Takes forever to load, seems to freeze near the end and when it finally goes on, the cutscenes seem to freeze, forcing me to reload."
,Recommended,298110,13044257,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,dorzki,One of the best games i've ever played!Really liked Hurk character and also Yugi & Regge! :)
76561198141532315,Recommended,298110,23633620,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Drutonium,"A fantastic open world adventure game with  compelling story. It's first person gameplay and military shooter precision work well against the backdrop of civil war and mysterious pasts. Set against a beautiful mountain locale under rule by an evil dicatator, Farcry 4 is a fantastic way to kill several hours and bad guys. For maximum enjoyment, bring friends.TL;DRKilled and skinned an endangered Rhino.10/10would kill and skin again"
76561198078783468,Recommended,298110,29229797,Posted: 13 January,all,7___7___7 jesus,Good game
,Recommended,298110,21058127,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Marcin_89,Nice game with nice optimization
76561198093220347,Recommended,298110,21414452,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Somatic1,Very fun and addicting.
76561198071636582,Recommended,298110,13005981,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,pnt,"Someone may say, they are squeezing *** from it, till it dies. I loved FC 3 ad I love FC4 the same :). It's like to jump into FC3.5 and ... why the hell not? :)"
,Recommended,298110,13007216,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,lavizh,"So i've finished Act1 and loving the game so far. Have had zero issues, runs fine. Mechanics are the same as with Far Cry 3 but the art, characters and scenery / environment have been taken to a whole new level. Can highly recommend the PC version.Don't know about all the forum ♥♥♥♥♥ing thats going on in the Far Cry 4 Discussion Boards, ignore them. This game deserves so much more."
76561198062807423,Recommended,298110,13011624,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Aloha Snackbar,Took out a helicopter with a mortar. Then got mugged by a bear... 10/10
,Recommended,298110,29606196,Posted: 31 January,all,invictumhr,great game
,Not Recommended,298110,16724983,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,「Spookki」,"Doesnt work on my new computer, and i looked up on the net for a fix but apparently there is not. played it on my last computer so i cant even refund it. worst waste of money ever."
,Not Recommended,298110,24814615,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Nigerian Eagle,"Game wouldnt work (with i7 4770k, gtx 970 and 16gb of ram). Ubisoft wouldnt help."
,Recommended,298110,14704513,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,I'llTakeAPotatoChipAndEatIt,"Seriously one of the best games to date that I've ever played. Once you get passed uPlay and all the other internet of things, this game is a masterpiece. I never knew how much a pistol would save your a** when you're out of LMG ammo.10/10 would let Pagan's light shine upon me."
,Not Recommended,298110,13823184,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Dex Dogtective,"Runs poorly even at the lowest setting. I have a computer that should be able to play this game (based on how good the game looks) on at least medium settings at 60 fps, but I’m stuck with 40 fps at low.  Other than that, the game is just FC3 with a slightly better story and some new weapons.  I like this game, but I can't play it so it's impossible to recommend."
76561198034663121,Not Recommended,298110,24100220,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,bshawkins67,"ABSOLUTELY TERRIBLE game.  If you were expecting to use a gamepad for this, you're out of luck. Graphics are terrible, bugs wrack the story.  I spent the entireity of what I have played redoing the same opening piece.  Not because I could'nt kill everyone or sneak past them or both, but because when I get to an area, it doesn't register that I have completed it.  My machine easily exceeds the recommended requirements.Yes, I realize the controller is only ""partially"" supported, but you will receive no help from the forums or support staff to fix it.  Even if you have everything up to date, you will not be able to use a gamepad."
,Not Recommended,298110,24103855,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Psilobro,"I wasted my money on a game that advertised co-op , so I bought my friend a copy. All's fine , got to finish intro missions, then you can then play with another player. Then thought "" Why not finish the game with my friend, he's loving it "". NOPE CANNOT PLAY CAMPAIGN MISSIONS IN CO-OP MODE. Yeah what a waste of $40.The Game is full of bugs that I almost immediately encounter such as :( btw - These bugs have been found only in the first hour of online co-op )Host side only cars- invisible to the joiners client.Falling though the floor- Inside and outside.Parachute not deploying- Does not matter if 200m in the air or 10m off the ground.Bow does not reload- It plays the reload animation to reload then tries to reload when that animaion is done in an infinate loop.Health does not display the current health- It might sey that you have lets sey ' 2/6 ' bars of health, so you heal ; nope can't heal, The only way to fix this is If damaged slightly then it boosts to full health then deteriates.(* This is if you want to buy to play with a friend and play co-op *)But don't get me wrong, Its great to play single player, missions are good. Fly from north to south while murdering those badgers with RPG's. And it sort of gives the feel that Farcry 2 gave you but with a more modern feel.So guys - Game on"
,Recommended,298110,18463800,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,lol,bought it for $50 two days ago. Literally went on sale the next day.11/10 would cry again.
,Not Recommended,298110,14655399,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,AssAssin7998,ok well i really just dont like the game idk why i am just not a far cry fan
76561198144938619,Recommended,298110,30024357,Posted: 18 February,all,Sheeplord.22,Great game not as great as a story as other farcrys but i mean what could top farcry 3 that was the best game i have ever played
76561198062609838,Not Recommended,298110,34245901,Posted: 14 August,all,WildThistle,"Game flickers/stutters making it unplayable, apparently a common issue that hasn't ever been fixed."
,Not Recommended,298110,34217430,Posted: 13 August,all,Reclaimer,Two words: Mandatory uPlay
76561198038883701,Not Recommended,298110,34072899,Posted: 6 August,all,Elocater,"The game crashes so often it is unplayable.Looking around online it appears the ""Far Cry 4, Black Screen Of Death"" is both not uncommon and largely unfixable.The gameplay seems fun, but it's extremely frustrating to lose hours of gameplay and be forced to restart.I would get a refund if I still could."
,Recommended,298110,19416361,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,MalejMelipida,I can play my FarCry 4   ( I HAVE BLACK SCREEN ) repair it or give me back money Steam. I verry liek FarCry4 and i want to repair it if you can't repair it give me back money please. Thanks!      i want my money back to 10 minutes if you can steam or repair in now please. thanks again
,Not Recommended,298110,27760908,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,tactical terrorist,"Piece of ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥Not only does this game not run with lots of usb devices, it doesn't even run with dual core CPUs, like, were not made of money, I can play games made after this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ one and still get 30 - 40 fps on med - high. The fact that I cant even run this game without throwing away hundreds of dollars is unbelievable. btw played game on ps3 its good but still fix ya ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ubisoft."
,Recommended,298110,29606771,Posted: 31 January,all,meiji,love it it's almost like a far cry 3 2.0 but that is what makes the game great
,Recommended,298110,29441831,Posted: 23 January,all,•N•,SkytraX//Review//Farcry//Farcry4//ContentsI'm speechless.. 10/5
76561198334705107,Recommended,298110,29749335,Posted: 6 February,all,ボンレスピザ boneresu pizza,"bast gaim evur, hanting iz fan. 9/11"
76561197985237231,Not Recommended,298110,14151995,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Faca-Coque,"Coop is a joke.  I learned if Ubisoft made it, and they say ""Coop."" It won't be ""Full Coop"" but ""half-coop,"" just like AC series... Paid 60$ for this game to find out me and my room-mate can't do story mode together.  But next year with Far Cry 5? They will add the extra inch of 3/4 coop. Sorry guys, I won't pay for your games any longer until you give us the full amount what the consumer wants.  Go Indie!"
76561198042472662,Not Recommended,298110,30417778,Posted: 9 March,all,easily triggered,Buggy af
,Not Recommended,298110,29141666,Posted: 9 January,all,BOPE_Diner,"Do not waste money on this♥♥♥♥♥♥just ""STOPPED WORKING"" for ♥♥♥♥ sake like the version from the filelist,the same♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198057778032,Not Recommended,298110,26007725,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,WITCHING_HOUR,"Gameplay is good, story is lesser compared to FC3, such a slide from the previous game and Uplay sucks."
,Recommended,298110,14544996,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Kazuli,The Best Game You Could Ever Play. This Game Should Be Worth More Than $60 Because Its So Fun.Story - AmazingCo-Op - AmazingPvP - AmazingEvery Single Feature Is Just AmazingThis Game Should Just Be Bought Along With DLC
,Recommended,298110,28906813,Posted: 1 January,all,aesth,gud
76561198202099631,Recommended,298110,28910855,Posted: 1 January,all,kunzilla,very fun story sorta boring though
,Recommended,298110,23159412,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Hkrotana,Frodo: Look sam.... The Eagles are hereSam: Listen frodo.... There is no great song by Skrilex
,Recommended,298110,23203745,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Beemaster3000,Awesome guns and action.Some side characters are just insane.The story is pretty bad.Would recommend it very much to anyone who has not played far cry 3.If you got bored of that game this is just more of it but slightly better.If you loved that game this is just more of it but slightly better.*Edit* Map editor and browser are totally awesome too
,Recommended,298110,23202810,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,"Obamakiin,Presidentborn,O-BA-MA","Had great fun re-enacting every Micheal Bay movie ever, with explosives galore. Not even the mighty Rhinos and Elephants were safe from the carnage that is Micheal Bay."
76561198086920201,Not Recommended,298110,30463729,Posted: 11 March,all,Loyal_AG,"Nearly 20 hours in, and this game is a step back from far cry 3"
76561198010017285,Not Recommended,298110,30400936,Posted: 8 March,all,TheBass,Uplay crashes at launch...come on steam !!!!!!!!!!!! cant play
76561198034059225,Not Recommended,298110,21133107,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,BadBoyBrage,"If you liked Far Cry 3, prepeare to meets it's sucsessor the game that's basically the same just boring and without any control over your own character and actions other than to shoot at the moments the game wants you to shoot.Also starring. No sound to anyone with a surround system, as the game can't handle modern sound drivers so you'll have to download drivers from 2008 and 2010. Not only that but Uplay is down every week and the customer support never replies.I regret buying this game. I wish I hadn't. Steam doesn't offer refund as it's actually on Uplay.graphic is ok.Sound is pretty bad once there's sound at all.While the story is just annoying as you'll be killed if you don't do what the game wants you to do. It also doesn't explain to you why you have to choose ""that side"" and never gives you options or choice. The villain seems rather cool. Too bad, you have to be a ""good guy"" without getting to know why or which side is good or bad before the choice is made for you.Don't buy this game."
34568987654787654,Recommended,298110,20304064,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,STRAWBERRY.,"3rd ones story was WAY better, but i do love the gameplay abilities on this one.Anyway buy it, you won't regret it."
76561198141489588,Not Recommended,298110,14533223,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Legend27,WORST GAME EVER I CANT EVEN START THE ♥♥♥♥ING
76561198150478148,Recommended,298110,20097155,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Dat Swedish MeatBall,i recomend this game if it WORKS!. im stuck on the loading screen and i have waited 2 days for this to work. plz fix it.
,Recommended,298110,33638595,Posted: 18 July,all,TastyDonut,The story is **EDIT**  BadBut music is awesomeAnd Explosions are pretty good rly.
,Not Recommended,298110,18529144,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Croatian Commando,"Uninstalled and reinstalled for bug purposes. Needed to reactivate it with my CD key. ""CD key is already active in another account"""
76561197973173473,Recommended,298110,14474090,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,sgreco1970,Probably the finest open-world fpsrpg I've ever played. It blows Skyrim away in realistic detail and giant open world gameplay.  It has so much content it'll blow your mind. This was an unexpected masterpiece -snatch it up.
76561198085517079,Recommended,298110,13548570,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,thebestpupper91,Amazing!
76561198058257532,Not Recommended,298110,16668951,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Killer_Queen_Requiem,Can not destroy the Golden Path1/10
76561198071246553,Recommended,298110,23544830,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,not suspicious,very very fun get now i command listen to meeeeeeeeee
76561198294638815,Recommended,298110,30513291,Posted: 14 March,all,Lex 47,Nice story...Bad graphics..
,Not Recommended,298110,33746598,Posted: 23 July,all,Teknorat,It's a map pack for Far Cry 3. A bad one. With an awful story that goes nowhere. And every sub story goes nowhere. It's a mess of a game. Fun gameplay though so if you want more of the Far Cry 3 gameplay buy this I guess if it's really cheap.
76561198067078849,Recommended,298110,26855614,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,itzbenbo99,Was okay
,Recommended,298110,26675593,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,stat,"If you like a solid story, go for Far Cry 3 instead. Far Cry 4 is more of the same but with a less compelling  storyline. The characters are kind of bland. That said, gameplay and graphics are excellent, especially if you enjoyed the Far Cry 3 style. Overall I definitely enjoyed it."
76561198028420082,Not Recommended,298110,14380265,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Evilphantom35,"Coop does not work, I only bought this game to play with my friend. I feel cheated....Why would you release a game thats not ready and not fix it quickly. Very disapointed"
76561197970612082,Not Recommended,298110,14447705,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Balls Thunderfist,"Game doesn't even start up.  $40 waste of money.Looking at reviews and it doesn't seem like I'm the only one.  Brand new install, no peripherals installed.  BLACK screen."
,Not Recommended,298110,18401541,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Bear Person,"Horrible Uplay interface, makes starting up a coop game unbareable 10/10"
76561198021654366,Recommended,298110,14525600,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,SamRothstein,"I think FC4 is a clear upgrade above FC3 and I'm really enjoying the game.  I like single player games with good stories and enviroments and this game does well at both.  I'm not a huge fan of the FPS genre but this game is an exception.  The only things i dont like is that you cant put your gun away, which makes it a little cheesy at times and that I think the game holds your hand a little bit too much at times."
,Recommended,298110,13077326,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Sithious,"Watch out for the effing eagles and honey badgers, they will mess up your sheet!... that is all.Oh, your looking for a review tho? Well not much can be said really that other people haven't said already, it's pretty much feels, looks, plays and acts like Farcry 3. Sometimes it feels kind of like a huge map and storyline DLC and gets abit boring, but when you realize how huge the open world is in this game you change your mind rather quickly, and the few differant add features and things here and there really help as well.The quick answear is if you loved the hell out of Farcry 3 and you want some more, you'll love this, if not, then wait until this goes down in price becuase it's not a whole new game, its the same old with added stuff which is what gamers mostly expect from sequals anyway now days, Ubisoft went down the easy and safe road and it's fine. Personally im hooked and loving it, I love the open world, popping piles of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥bags and collecting eff tons of goodies all over the place and feeling like im progressing and taking over the world for the greater good. If you enjoyed that feeling in Farcry 3 like me then again get this game already!It's the only game Ubisoft didn't fudge up this year after all... it runs for a start, unlike♥♥♥♥♥creed unifail.8.5/10 good stuff, addicitive, awesome graphics, decent storyline, good variety, great moments.Also again... enjoy the eagles and honey badgers, when you first meet one, they will give you a warm welcome to Kyrat~"
,Recommended,298110,14442600,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,TheHalfy,This is gr8 m8 i r8 8/8. 10/10 would play again IGN
,Recommended,298110,19337885,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Serena Wick,It's cool
76561198088925055,Recommended,298110,19332843,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Asmund,so ♥♥♥♥ing good<3
,Recommended,298110,19335218,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,lelvitheukki,Great story and gameplay
,Recommended,298110,15054519,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Cteklite,"I'm gonna sum it up, so you have more lifetime to play this.Main Protagonist: Huge loser. That doesn't mean it's not fun to play as him, he just said ""Guys, it's okay, I'll help you."" and began to fight. The CoOp partner character however is awesome. Even his name is amazing. ""Hurk.""Enemies: They all wear red, so they're easy to identify, as well as some improved pathfinding which means they don't charge face-first into your death trap. They'll call out your mines and C4 to each other, moving around them, and tossing grenades to flush you out. They can also aim, this time around.Friendly AI: Just as dumb as the last game, there is no end to fun to be had with these guys. They'll yell ""Eagle!"" and begin shooting at the sky, attracting honey badgers, and then die. A good source for free cash and loot!Weapons: They actually feel like weapons. Not much to say, other than the buzzer, which is like getting punched in the face by Brock Lesnar with grenades strapped to his knuckles. That is, if you're the reciever of the bullets.Vehicles: Cars, a gyrocopter, and a hovercraft. That's about it.Missions: 2 people, Amita and Sabal, fight over how the Golden Path should be led, but I didn't really care and tried to balance out who I picked. It doesn't make much difference who you pick, other than a few different dialogue lines.Main Villain: He's even more interested in you than Vaas from Far Cry 3! He also has AMAZING hair.Overworld Map: A bit small, as in you could walk the hole length of the map in about an hour or 2, but still big enough to feel like a country.Wildlife: Run from the honey badgers! They will DESTROOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOY YOUUUUUUUUUUUUU!!!Overall: Don't listen to any of those foul-mouthed critics, the game is awesome. 9/10."
76561198027081880,Not Recommended,298110,30762489,Posted: 26 March,all,Churchrvb78,"go play far cry 3.  its better developed, designed better, more fun, less bugs, and better narative."
,Recommended,298110,15404256,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,naomha,"It'a Far Cry with more explosions, more guns, a mini-copter and 1handed grenade launchers. The story is meh but the action is INTENSE!!!  Definitely worth the purchase."
,Recommended,298110,13666630,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,✨｡･,"Basically far cry 3 just improved a ton, which is worth it♥♥♥♥ this game tho 0/10 angry reac"
,Recommended,298110,25918168,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,S!r Aske,"holy crap this game is amazing, far cry 3 is fantastic too but this game feels more... polished, also the co-op makes the game AT LEAST twice as fun!"
,Not Recommended,298110,28779326,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Bugspray,"TLDR Subjective opinion experience review:No you don't have to agree with me, but maybe you feel the same way about things & this could help you.- Game engine is good.- Uplay actually seems to work.- Graphics are excellent for 2014 release.- Rhinos charging at me scared the hell out of me.- Fell off a cliff on an ATV, would ATV again.- I got killed by a swarm of giant fish.- The game is baby-moded down with crosshairs, enemy indicators, minimap, but!- you can turn any/all off if you prefer.... but then ...- Game lacks any real story, the story ends when the tutorial ends.- ""Story"" is divided in half, you only get to experience one half of the ""story"" in one play-thru.- The latter doesn't matter because it's not really a story, there's no good choice and nothing really matters.- Being faced with a major decision is stupid, just write a story and let us experience it.- I felt like just stopping the game when faced with story altering decision.But, those are my only real complaints.Weigh the good/bad I guess.Still wouldn't suggest unless =<$5.If you get it anyway, just remember:Animals hate you. Really, really hate you.Yes, even eagles, they will peck at you until they have absorbed your soul.EDIT:I'll elaborate a little on linear vs. non-linear stories.I don't expect most people to agree with me, but hey, you're your own person, it's all good.I play video games to escape from the stress of reality.Life is filled with choices, it's a giant non-linear story where every turn left or right could mean theend of your life, your career, your relationship; maybe you make the right choices and it benefits allor some aspects of your life.Regardless of what happens, it's stressful.So when I'm faced with large choices in video games that can massively change the story forbetter or for worse, I'm just suddenly back in life again.That's not why I'm here.Do you go to a movie theatre and then decide the fate of the story?No, of course not.So what happens for me is, I have to research every choice being made to make sure it'sthe right choice, spoil the entire story, and then what? Now it's like a life-plan. Can't just playand enjoy the game."
,Recommended,298110,26942396,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Decade01,So good game
76561198189992142,Recommended,298110,30292004,Posted: 3 March,all,Jihadi John-_-,Good Game But no body play Story mode online :(
,Recommended,298110,19794673,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,:3 ♡F@rrön♡ :3,Pagan Min was the good guy
,Recommended,298110,20668569,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,b0st0n,The co-op is the best part and thats why this is the last farcry i will buy. Has of FarCry Primal yjere will be no CO-OP We love co-op and they take it away thank you Ubisoft For killing another series! But farcry 4... Yes this is worth a buy ay 60$ but if you get it for 50$ now were talking
,Recommended,298110,21338817,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,tissUe,Nice graphic and story line. BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS
,Not Recommended,298110,24299517,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Sarah Hawke,"It's more of the same that Far Cry 3 did, but without adding enough to the gameplay mechanics or the writing to make it seem like anything more than just a shallow attempt to cash in on the success of 3.Kinda tacky, very repetitive and not all that engaging beyond the opening."
,Recommended,298110,13115463,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,garfield,"poorly optimized, otherwise solid"
76561198136348231,Not Recommended,298110,21119057,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,GL9106[Now with New HDD!(yay)],Crappy multiplayer and only campaing is worth it
76561198126511355,Not Recommended,298110,35383288,Posted: 1 October,all,DEVMACHINE123,highly reccomend you DO NOT get this game. bought it for 40$ i didnt even get to load the game up just crashes and black screen waste of money. will be refunding this game devs didnt give a crap about this game just money hungry not reccomended
76561198046019017,Recommended,298110,34660194,Posted: 1 September,all,jmealy,this is one of the best games in my library and the amount of effort into this game is fanaminal
,Not Recommended,298110,35275789,Posted: 28 September,all,Iggy,"Far Cry 4 tries it's hardest to be an improved version of Far Cry 3, as if FC4 was an older brother trying to show he's better than the clearly more successful and genuinely amazing younger sibling. The game loosely has the same story (all far cry games do, more-or-less, but this is extreme), same message, same gameplay, even some of the same characters that come in to just say; ""Hey! Remember FC3? What an a masterpiece! Well, get back to the garbage you're playin'.""The only difference I can see from the two games are that 4 has lesser story telling, better gunplay, graphics, and everything is Asian instead of Oceanic.Big K Cola imitating Cocacola is what comes to mind when I see the fragmentations of FC3, stoner dude(s) giving you quests about drugs, insane good guy, insane bad guy, and (s)he who brings the messiah (you) into power. Is all the same thing except worn out, lesser."
76561198013462546,Not Recommended,298110,30383663,Posted: 7 March,all,7thsojurn,"The game play of this game series  was very fun to play untill this version, is one of the poorest game play ever. I hate this game style i played it for about 20 minutes or more and I all ready hate this game.  With the sneak only kill what losers,   i run up to do a quick kill an the wimp dies do to no hand to hand kill style only way is to do it is to sneak up and quick kill it works like♥♥♥♥♥♥i hate this game my son may play this but not me it should have more way like the older games you could kill the enemy any way you wanted.  This is a step back or should i say the new game style that is destroying all games that are made like this..  Old game designer like left 4 dead or older made good games... im sick of these new game designers games.The best game ever of FARCRY was the 1st game they made it work very well and the cool lab with creatures on the iland was cool and the controls work very well but no we got these new games with real detailed environments that look real good but the game play suck."
,Not Recommended,298110,24247181,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Rick James,"Bugged as ♥♥♥♥, cannot get past first mission. NPC's frozen. Leaving mission area bug on FIRST MISSION NOT SHANGRILA. Looks great though!"
,Recommended,298110,30355473,Posted: 6 March,all,[M4tth2w],"(yes, iv'e changed this review again)Meh...Good Antaganist (Pagan Min) but apart from that it's just Farcry 3.. and anyone disagrees obviously doesn't know the difference.*Positivity*it has some pretty cool side missions in it though and alot more charactors than the 3rd game in the franchise (Farcry 3)*All in All*Just buy it if you like the farcry series this game is alot like 3 though.*Potential Spoilers*the ending makes no sence... you can either kill Pagan or you can let him live.. either choice will make it seem like you've killed him even if you didn't... you might aswell save yourself hours of grinding and wait for Pagen at the beginning of the game."
,Not Recommended,298110,23552691,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,mooseXL,"I loved farcry 3 but found this one a bit dull and repetitive once I'd got past how amazing the graphics are.  Essentially the game boils down to;1. Clear radio tower2. Capture bases3. Kill animals4. RepeatA lot of effort has been made with the storyline, but I didnt really care about the characterors and found it a bit boring. I also really don't like the stealth system / missions as the enemies can find you too easily, even when you are well hidden.I have completed about 40% of the game but have become frustrated and bored by some of the mission, so I won't likely complete it."
76561198068040023,Recommended,298110,13036056,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Thefam7777,11/10 like skyrim with elephants
76561198054408857,Recommended,298110,12995094,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Morkhy [Микки],"Much like FarCry3, but that doesn't stop this game from being absolutely awesome.+There's so much more to do in this game than any other open world game I've ever seen.+You can do missions in your totally own way, no need to follow guidelines.+The graphics are absolutely stunning on any of the high settings.+There's a nice storyline which is incredible long, fun and incredible.+You can travel everywhere between the mountains, and play with everything you can see.+Includes a great map editor which is easy to use, even for first-timers.+All of that FarCry goodness which you've seen before (=rare animals etc!)+Nicely working Co-op/multiplayer gamemodes and freeroaming with friends is pretty darn awesome!-The motives for important missions are a little non-existing.-There is a bug which almost everyone has where one of the cores is running on 100% some of thetime, resulting in stuttering problems.-AI is incredible dumb, even on hardest mode.-Too many animals attacking your♥♥♥♥♥at all times. Same goes for enemy AI.-Some of the guns are the exact same that were used in Fc3.In my opinion this game would be amazingly perfect if they patched the bugs n' glitches and listened to the community a little more, which they probably will, but for now you may want to wait and see.I'm definitely hooked, I'ts a great game!"
,Not Recommended,298110,13022510,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,LVCX,weapon fov f#cking sucks
76561198068342324,Not Recommended,298110,14257701,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,OrbitB,"+Very nice graphics+Good story+A lot of free room, lot of places waiting for you to be discovered+You can hunt animals and craft items+Intelligent NPCs+Side quests-Buggy places where you whether stuck and die or cant go out-Coop is not as good as i was hoping for-Cant skip cinematic parts-The game gets boring imo pretty quick, after you have done like half of the main story-Travelling consumes a hell lot of time, even with fast travelling(-You cant really go into the mountains only in one main mission :/)Far Cry 4 is overall a good game, although i would definitely not rate it as the best game of the year.About the 60 Euros costs, well, i would wait for a sale or only buy it if you are a very big fan of the FC franchise. You can buy some better games for 60 Euros out there...I was personally kinda hoping for more coop gameplay, because now single player is better by far."
,Not Recommended,298110,13004917,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,LT . Hikari,"i cant even start the ♥♥♥♥er, THEY FALSE ADVERTIESED the minimum specs on steam DO NOT GET THIS UNLESS YPOU HAVE A COMPUTER AT RECOMMENDED. ♥♥♥♥ you gaben, ill fight for my 60 $ back you fat ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,298110,13562512,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,I ШΔ∏Ƭ ƬΘ DIΣ ƬƁH,I took a elephant and made it my slave. And then I made that elephant♥♥♥♥♥♥another elephant.10/10.
,Recommended,298110,12990600,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,The President,Spend my last 100 dollars.Black screen crash on launch.Going back to play Verdun11/10 Will try to play again.
,Recommended,298110,12992268,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Boom! Headshot,"I loved Far Cry 3 so I pre-ordered the gold version of this game. This game is simply stunning. Everything looks amazing. The quests, the side content, the menu, the map, view distance, voice acting (amazing), graphical rendering, 3D models, shadowing, physics. I am blown away by this game and I consider myself a hard game critic. This is a next generation game, which requires a good computer. Good cpu, good gpu, a good amount of ram, and an SSD is what you will want to enjoy this game at 60fps 1080p on ultra settings.This is a 10/10 game no question. Anybody who says different probably doesnt have a good enough computer to run it.Buy this game, buy it for a friend, and go enjoy the heck out of yourself."
,Not Recommended,298110,17720615,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Corrosion,So many bugs and glitches. Also crashes. Great game but so damn unpolished.Stealth is awful too.
,Recommended,298110,17351669,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,✿Rainy Season Hero Froppy✿,"The game made me walk Far, but Never Cried. 4/10"
,Not Recommended,298110,13031185,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Fache,"This is FarCry3.5; just a reskin. Having played FC3 to 99% completion, this game feels exactly the same, starting all over from scratch, doing the exact same things, except with a different, less interesting, more forced, storyline.If you want the FarCry experience, save your money and get Blood Dragon."
76561198070917658,Not Recommended,298110,13034909,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Cactus,"6.5/10Game has a nice open world, with lots of extras and side missions. And even a semi-functioning stealth feature that you are made to use in order to advance through the game.Tigers take 2 arrows to kill, badgers take 5.Headshots don't always count as headshots.You catch fire by standing near a flame.The stealth is a joke, the AI automatically knows where you are if you snipe/use the bow.The open world, again, is awesome. The hunting is awesome. Elephants are the best♥♥♥♥♥♥ever in this game. But because Ajay is so slow at literally everything, you die. Also does not like to fully save your progress."
76561197993325067,Not Recommended,298110,34120835,Posted: 9 August,all,time goblin,Repetetive copy pasted missionsBoring storyPretty much copy of 3 but with far less interesting characters
,Not Recommended,298110,31894728,Posted: 21 May,all,where's my car keys,Played this game for 41 hours. First few hours were great. Then the game became extremely repetitive. Killing the same enemies. Crafting the same weapons and syringes. Liberating the same outposts. Waste of money tbh.
,Not Recommended,298110,24959728,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,DR Flopper,"First, I would like to say that this is a very good game dispite being almost identical to Far cry 3, different map, but same game. other than that my only other complaint is the piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥that is Uplay. you are required to use this buggy platform every time that you want to play the game. The game itself has a good story, and looks great graphicly, but it will not run well even with my GTX 1070 overclocked to 2100MHz. Their is no possible way to run this game constantly at 60fps @ 1080p without building a compleate overkill of a pc.This game is only worth buying if you catch it on sale, and are fine with sub-par graphic settings."
,Recommended,298110,13002672,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,its K to be greedy,not bad at all its look like FC3 but its k coz storyline totally difference i love that every year make same game np just put story difference <3  i love that game  but mp suck FC3 mp much better :/
,Recommended,298110,23970406,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,captain butterscotch,"Everybody Loves Raymond revolves around Ray Barone, a successful sportswriter living on Long Island with his wife, Debra, daughter, Ally, and twin sons, Geoffrey and Michael. That's the good news. The bad news? Ray's meddling parents, Frank and Marie, live directly across the street and embrace the motto ""Su casa es mi casa,"" infiltrating their son's home to an extent unparalleled in television history. Frank's favorite expression, ""Holy Crap,"" is shouted at regular intervals, and Marie's ""cooking advice"" is less than appreciated by Debra. Brother Robert, a divorced policeman, is constantly moving in and out of his parents' house, and loves to drop over and resent Ray's successful career and happy family life. Ray and Debra just wish someone would knock once in awhile."
76561198140326429,Recommended,298110,24960288,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,The Doctor,"It's Skyrim, except with guns.11/10"
,Recommended,298110,12991027,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Solo,Wonderful world and characters so far! I love the enivornment that the devs have created and also brings back memories of my native country! Graphics and Gunplay and Optimization 10/10! Good Job Devs! I am glad i had preordered this game! DO RECOMMEND IT! =D
,Recommended,298110,13162675,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Ludi,Excellent. No need for areview. Just get it.
,Recommended,298110,12996078,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Hellspawn,Really nice game strongly recommend it to anyone who is interested to ride a elphant thru the gates to an army base wielding a machine gun or a shotgun.
,Recommended,298110,13000055,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,mr Green,"love it, love it, love it and love it some more.What else is there to say ??"
,Recommended,298110,13028407,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,stewg2006,No more black screen....I just unplugged my Logitech G27 from the back of my computer and no more black screen.  Everything working fine now.
76561198034504974,Not Recommended,298110,31701120,Posted: 12 May,all,Barrysballbag,BROUGHT THIS CRAP AFTER 2 YEARS STILL WONT LOAD PAST BLACK SCREEN AVOID UBISOFT GAMES
,Not Recommended,298110,26165898,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,spookypervertgod,this is one of  the worst optimized games on pc like holy♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,298110,34645304,Posted: 31 August,all,KawaiiDan || カワイダ,▋ 　　 ▋　◢▀　▀◣▌　 　 　▌　▌ 　 .▌▌　　　　▌ ▌　　　▌▐ 　 　　 ▌ ▌ 　 　▌▐ 　 　 ▀■▀ 　 　▌◢◤　　　　　　　　　▀▃◢◤　　　　　　　　　 　　◥◣▌　　　　　　　　　　 　　　▌▐　 　●　　 　　　　●　　　　▌▌　　　　　　　　　　　　　 ▌◥◣ 　 　　 ╳ 　　　　　　◢◤◢▀▅▃▂　　　▂▂▃▅▀▅◢◤　　　　▀▀▀▀▀　　　　　◥◣▐◣▃▌　　　　　　　　　　　▐▃◢▌◥◣▃▌　　　　 　　 　　　　▐▃◢◤▀▅▃　　　　　 　 　　▂▅▀▀■▆▅▅▅▅▅▆■█▀▐▃▃▃▲▃▃▃◢
,Not Recommended,298110,13580743,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,sanguvka,this terrible attrocity doesn't even start up. Can't believe that I wasted $75
,Not Recommended,298110,32786639,Posted: 25 June,all,$crooge,"Let's keep it simple: does not work, looks ugly (menu) and it is boring."
,Recommended,298110,12998257,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,CloudKP,"Dont stream this with OBS.Download the new driver if you have an Nvidia graphics card.Play and have fun.If you complain that its Far Cry 3 with elephants, just because its the same engine... Well I cant actually do anything, but I'll be mentally stabbing you over and over, brutally. Its a fun game. Just play it."
,Recommended,298110,13033538,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,M1k3ol,"A less bumpy release than all the past games from the same publisher this year, fun, beautiful landscapes, the same fun ""a story each second"" than Far Cry 3 and some mechanics from the past game corrected...Feels more like a sequel than a new game, but the same working recipe is not a bad taste when it's a good one...If you were expecting a ""too new"" game and a really different iteration away from Far Cry 3, then look away.......if you loved Far Cry 3, then welcome back!Beware the Black Eagles and the Honey Badgers..."
,Recommended,298110,13025903,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,[PiC] ☭ UtterCore 👺 ☭,Killing endangered species has never been this fun. 10/10
,Not Recommended,298110,28766377,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Dethrune525,"It feels repitive, and basically the same but a bit worse than Far Cry 3.I just expected so much from the beautiful trailers... *sobs*GOOD:- Story- One of the best intros ever.- Pagan Min. He's not as good as Vaas, but he's alright.- The entire island, and the culture.- Secrets. So far I've reached the within first 15 minutes to wait that triggered the secret ending- Whole concept that ISN'T American. Finally, a game that isn't about USA! I'm sick and tired of games using everything about USA like maps, protagonist, native English language and more. It's so sad people didn't review this game, like Angry Joe. Maybe it's because they're racist because the character isn't American (half-american) and stuff I mentioned just now? Maybe I'm wrong, but I'm just saying. The songs, people there are relaxing and peaceful with their religion around the island.- Ajay Ghale. I know this is weird but we only get to see Ajay's face at the beginning of the game, and there we go we can't see his model in the game but he's so much better than Jason.- Autodrive featureBAD:- Some animations are the same used from FC3- No achievements!?- Uplay- Crashes- Yet again no video options / iron sights toggle. You can change them via documents folder but I never like developers do this. Why add the stupid♥♥♥♥♥lens flare? Dumb♥♥♥♥♥developers.- HORRIBLY OPTIMIZED. I have GTX1070, 12 gigs of ram, Intel core i5 6400 and game runs at 50 at medium settings.- Boring, repititve missions. Expect the snow mission, it's so good and it felt like playing Modern Warfare 2.- Ubisoft lied to us that E3 gameplay was so much graphicaly better than the retail.- Crap load of bugs. Including the ♥♥♥♥ing annoying draw distance fading. And the AI.. you cannot believe what I see in my eyes.7/10It failed miserably, it's a real shame , Ubi.I'd recommend get Far Cry 3."
76561198057105556,Recommended,298110,13062573,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Cephalopod,fun = xFar Cry 4 = 2x
76561198105821449,Not Recommended,298110,13406614,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,SnapMe@ryangrady20029,THIS IS SO DUMB $60 AND WHAT DO I GET A BLACK SREEN
,Not Recommended,298110,13820361,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,N30C,"Broken piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥fing game. 3/4 of the fing time I die its because this game is a fing broken piece of garbage. NO FING REASON I SHOULD DIE GLITCHING OUT GOING THROUGH A FING DOOR. I can't tell you how many times I died after smashing the fing melle button or shoot button or get teh f*ck behind that 1inch wall button so ♥♥♥♥ing god damn ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, HOW THE HELL IS THIS OK TO RELEASE? Clearly not play tested main missions are shity and frustrating and rarely fun. A few of them are outright ♥♥♥♥ing broken do not buy."
76561198086439280,Recommended,298110,32935270,Posted: 28 June,all,Jasper Reikevik,"Cool game beautiful graphic i only suggest you to play it without think to other.......you have only to think to Far Cry 4 otherwise you could stop playing it XD cuz i was playing it so much i have discovered a game that i like more and  ive stoppped thinking to Fa Cry 4 XD.......Its like Far Cr 3 but this one didnt give me the same feelings of Far Cry 3.....one of the problems of this game is that there is nothing that push you to play it ......you just have to unlock all map and do all quests before to complete all the game ......its very hard finish this game.....cause you will loose the will to play it.......I liked this game but i still have to see the end,....."
,Recommended,298110,23881880,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Angry__Bull,meh?
,Not Recommended,298110,25233768,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,bink,hmmm who knows if its a good game.  it doesnt run. ubisofts solution? roll my nvidia drive back 6 or 7 release...hahahaahahahahaha no thanks. ubisoft is dead to me. morons
76561198079098785,Recommended,298110,13152205,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,CrusaderDogger,OMG SOO GOOOOD
,Not Recommended,298110,25521529,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,chipmunk with a mace,"brought game, got hyped.uplay wont let me log in, i get my password wrong 3 times because i never use uplay for anything but the farcry games.locked out and ip banned.♥♥♥♥ YOU UPLAY LEARN HOW TO MAKE A COMPETENT LOGIN SYSTEM!!so as for now this game is a 1/10 to me untill ifinally get to play it."
,Recommended,298110,13016730,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Tintin,seex
76561198095315583,Not Recommended,298110,13329612,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,tw1nArmageddons,"I bought this game for 70$. Little did i know, i found out that this game wont work on Dual core processors. I find its complete bull, almost like a scam, as ubisoft nor steam thought of saying ""HEY THIS GAME DOESNT WORK ON DUAL CORE"". Thats 70$ down the drain, unless ubisoft makes a patch for dual core, which is unlikely. Its also bull that i cant even get a refund on this game."
76561198147644764,Recommended,298110,20282031,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,@Loverino@,I Cant even run this game at 2 frames per second even tho i have a 16 mg computer....But im getting a 34 mg one in a couple of days which is the one i needBut it looks like a awsome game cant wait to play it :D
76561198099440377,Not Recommended,298110,23974882,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Captain SpUky,I'd love to play this game and give it a positive review.......if it didnt crash everytime I tried launching it. Thanks Ubisoft!
,Recommended,298110,13022341,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,~U,"The game is fun and reminded me a lot of Far Cry 3; However, trees and bushes pop-in and out and make the outdoors impossible to enjoy."
76561198028348702,Recommended,298110,13026163,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Herr Doman,MG42.. need I say more?
,Recommended,298110,13777080,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,All Clement's Eve,Far Cry 4 is an action game set in ancient Japan where you fight battles that actually took place.So here's this giant enemy crab/10
76561198097683722,Recommended,298110,33151970,Posted: 2 July,all,Big Mac,gfggg
,Not Recommended,298110,27393162,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,2Pro4U,"What a♥♥♥♥♥♥game. The game puts crafting crap to store your weapons and money before being able to use a decent amount of bullets. The game purposely limits ammo and money to FORCE you to craft crap, even if you just wanted a shooter game.The game will mark objectives on the mini map, only to find them and it doesn't finish your mission, because the objective NPC isn't there.While performing a mission that is time based, you are constantly getting attacked by enemy forces.The game makes it unclear where to trade crap in to free up space.Did you want a shooter game? Too bad, you have to play a sim game of skinning animals to craft dumb crap. Did you want a sidearm AND a rifle? Too ♥♥♥♥ing bad, you need to craft first... You know, because you don't have 2 ♥♥♥♥ing hands, and pants to stick your sidearm.Bought this game during the autumn sale, and regret it. The developers have put this lame♥♥♥♥♥♥in, to FORCE you to play how THEY want you to play, not an open world that allows you to play your way.Want to search items for money, so you can afford new weapons? Well if your wallet is full, then you are forced to buy stuff just to clear out your wallet? What?You go from mission to mission, with zero mini map guidance as to where to trade all your♥♥♥♥♥♥in to free up the limited space the game FORCES upon you at the beginning.Do you want a knife that actually does damage to enemies without a scripted takedown action? Too ♥♥♥♥ing bad. If you run out of bullets dring a fire fight and try to run up and knife the enemies you end up getting knocked down by the AI, inbetween slashes, and then you still die.Game emposes unrealistic damage, and inventory space, just to try to get you to play a certain way.When you have a mission to do, you cannot get their quickly or easily without countless turn arounds while traveling the road.If you aren't interested in being forced to play a game a certain, with managing all sorts of crafting first, just to hold enough bullets for your guns, and holsters... even for just 1 sidearm, and 1 rifle, then I strongly recommend you stay away from this game. Despite what other reviews may say, the game is not a ""shooter"" or a ""fps"" game, and the world is not considered ""open"" when you can only run around with a single rifle without being forced to skin animals, find plants, and craft holsters and bigger wallets.This is an RPG with guns."
,Recommended,298110,25062770,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,og gangster,you can ride elephants10/10
,Not Recommended,298110,28479424,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,grsupplies,THE GAME DID NOT START NOW THAT WAS A WAST
76561198191878029,Not Recommended,298110,28941807,Posted: 2 January,all,srichey112711,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!!Major issue of blackscreening and will not load to the next stage of checkpoint or what ever, just save your money and get something else. This has been an issue since the release and nearly 2.5years later still no fix after being said it would be fixed.Then tried to get a refund but because i left the dam main menu up while busy with the kids and house work for a couple hours they wont refund me. You suck steam"
76561198157967578,Not Recommended,298110,12992392,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Trizzlinger,"!HELP!It hurts really bad to give this game a negative critic, but the graphics bugs are too disrupting the gameplay, that I can't recommand this game for 60 bucks. In the game intro I already realized that there was something wrong with the trees. At about 70% of the trees are bugging, some of them aren't even shown in 3D, which shouldn`t happen in this kind of game. But there are other bugs: the skin of dead animals is gleaming and the entire landscape ( just in fast sequences ) is showing a kind of unintended streaks - sorry for my bad english. I first tried to blame me for the problems because I'm not quiet the computer expert, so I tried anay graphic setting available from the menu, but it was still there. I've got a MSI gtx 770 with 8gb RAM running, so that shouldn't be the problem. If anyone could give me tips to better the really annoying bugs, I'll make a new review!"
76561198088460765,Not Recommended,298110,35092205,Posted: 20 September,all,ezequiel.bohrer,"This was really god the first 3 hours. Then all the game became redundant over and over again. The main character has a lack of personality. All the others character, such as villians, allies and foes have lack of personallity as well. I would not recomend this game except it cost under 5 bucks."
76561198099922162,Recommended,298110,31939471,Posted: 24 May,all,vaccums,▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬~ஜ۩۞۩ஜ~▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬­­­­­­­­­­­▬- - - -P iE rC iN G BLo w! - - - -▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬~ஜ۩۞۩ஜ~▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬­­­­­­­­­­­▬
,Recommended,298110,26508682,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Wild soul,ჩემი ერთ ერთი ფავორიტი თამაში
,Not Recommended,298110,12994155,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Stefan,"Some issues are solved as described below, but not all. As the fix was coming 2 weeks after launch, I let it as bad review. That is no service....save button- only autosave is working, save, save & quit is not working, all progress is lost=> 1.4.0 Patch (2 Weeks after Launch fixed the issue)flickering- If AA is enabled then I get an enormous flickering on SLI.=> Some issues solved, not alldark shadows, black night while playing on SLI- on Far Cry 3 settings, the dark shadow is gone, but flickering is coming up equaless of AA settingrandom crashes- Game crashes randomly on same spot. Like first outpost to liberate (30 crashes on same message when near the outpost), needed to make annother mission first, then the outpost to suceed.Shortcut for overjump cutscene videos- as there is always in front of the video an autosave, after restart, the cutscene runs again. :/ Very funny to see 10 times the same video.FOV Setting missing in SLI- Please make the FOV slider work with Nvidia Surround and Eyefinity too.=> 1.4.0 Patch (2 Weeks after Launch fixed the issue)Black starting screen- fix USB devices like G13=> 1.4.0 Patch (2 Weeks after Launch fixed the issue)Co-op- Play together the campain should be possible is on the same state of the story. Let the player decide if he wants or not to save in front of get into a sessionMouse issue- Raw input posibility"
,Not Recommended,298110,33416499,Posted: 9 July,all,Von Overkill,"Far Cry 4 would have been amazing with about 40 well-designed missions. What we got, though, is 500 dull missions for negligible rewards, a really unsatisfying skill tree, and a profoundly boring, cliche set of weapons. The game is a poorly-camouflaged series of time-sink chores that allow you to see the next cut-scene."
,Recommended,298110,14288010,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,[POSH] Xray,It's fun. I like it.
76561198132135433,Recommended,298110,13327373,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Louise Belcher from Bob'sBurgers,"Now, I do recommend this game, but first I want to tackle a few things about it. First and FOREMOST, I fully believe thatthis game is criticized a bit too harshly, and here is why.This game is NOT like Far Cry, ""Three point five"". This is, ""Far Cry 4"". You can disagree all you want, but these are theONLY similarities I have seen.-One, is the presence of an ""mentally unstable antagonist"".-Two, a few minor gameplay elements, like the weapon wheel, some of the weapons are the same, or rehashed.Nothing cod is NOT RUTHLESSLY guilty of.-Three, liberating outposts, and fortresses feel like dressed up versions of the last ones in Rook Island.-Four, the tripping out constantly, and being in states of euphoria from drugs, like the mushrooms in the cave, it is like they saw the positive reception of it, than BEAT IT TO DEATH!Other than that, I did not see many similarities at all honestly. I have NOT tried the PVP, as I cannot stand online play,honestly. I buy games to have fun, and unwind, as well as PROPERLY relaxm and enjoy my games.So I cannot personally tell you much about the PVP segment. The story line is WROUGHT with betrayal, it is FAR toooverdone! STOP WITH THE BETRAYAL SCENES! All games in this insufferable modern era, are WROUGHT with betrayal.Personally, despite the four things feeling like, rehashed, and like not enough thought was put in it, it is honestly notbad. I mean for god's sake, I was betrayed twice in my campaign playthrough! JUST STOP IT!Plus, in my opinion, or at least a few times for me, the game seemed to hiccup in certain circumstances. Dropping tolower framerates, and sputtering a bit when lots of action occurs on screen. It's negligible,but slightly annoying.Lets just make this review simple now, shall we.Pros:- Expansive locale, LARGE areas to explore.- Most of the guns seem fun, The sniper rifle, I believe it is the, ""Z90"" or something, it is AMAZING, and powerful.I am saying this after 24 hours playing with them, I do not have the season pass, and for some reason, never got theharpoon gun with my digital copy.- The story has some interesting segments, I wish they would curse less, but I think it is marginally less cursing than 3.To me anyway.- They make you REALLY feel helpless, like this is a true survival game, even the EAGLES attack you.- Graphics are decent, but it IS FLAWED, which I will cover in the, ""cons"" part.- Personally, the pachyderm commandeering is a BLAST! Smashing people with a pachyderm is fun!- The environment is so large, you NEED to fast travel ,or use the new, ""buzzer"" personal helicopter.- The buzzer is amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Takedowns from it are DIFFICULT, but SO FUN!- More takedowns, even VEHICLE ones apparently!Cons:- There are ZERO positive outcomes, when you REALLY think about it, even the gag ending if you just SIT for thirteenminutes at his dinner table, than he returns after an extended period, and you go, and put his mother with Lakshmana.It is not positive, because despite seeming slightly kind, Pagan IS a dictator.- STOP WITH THE ACCURSED NUDITY! I am sick of seeing breasts everywhere! Stop objectifying women! I want♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in games, if you can show us engaging in deplortable acts of lust filled, delinquent coitus, than you can show a man'sphallus, and testicles, sorry. But this is sexism to me, just leave the sex out, or put nude men in. Like Outlast, eventhough the twins had mange, and were gross!- Please omit as much cursing as you can from games, and make an intricate plotline! But one less convoluted than this!Shangri-La? Demons? Nirvana? Transformations? WHO IS THE GOAT?!?! THIS BETTER BE COVERED!-Frame rate drops occasionally, and it can disrupt immersion/effect gameplay minorly. I have been hit, thought it wasn'ta detrimental wound, than seconds later, my health was gone, after receiving ZERO subsequential shots!- REALLY ODD, AND INCONSISTENT ANIMAL HEALTH!!!!!!!!!!!! Honey badgers can take 4 ROUNDS from the first boltaction rifle. The alloted health, and damage threshold for animals, and some units, is just preposterous.- You take really peculiar increments of damage for particular outcomes, and various situations. Falling damage seemsodd as well.- Some people say, ""Oh Pagan Min is a great guy"" from the gag ending, from what I have seen, NONE of the endingsTRULY aid Kyrat. Maybe add another, more positive outcome?- The story, like I said is great. BUT SO CONVOLUTED, and at times, makes ZERO sense!- Certain things seem like they are copying that god AWFUL cod series. COUGH wingsuit through an avalanche COUGH!- I am nearing halway through the game, more questions, than answers thus far, I hope the clarify on the, ""Goat""murderer. I hope you at least see him.- Keep the action, but make it more believable please? Stop trying to emulate cod?- Keep fixing your games Ubisoft, I will support your games, and buy them more.- Since they have added demons, in my opinion, I hope they go BROADER with the story, if it finishes in this light, andpace, it was not original enough.- Uninspired, ""demons"". Though, they could of been more interesting, they LOOK cool, till you see their face. DULL!- Though this game was NOT bad at all! I sort of expected a little more so far, and less betrayal.A great game, and you will NOT be sorry, just have at LEAST 8 gigabytes of ram, and a DECENT graphics card. Driving isROUGH at first with a keyboard, but you SHOULD get used to it. The wingsuit/parachute comboe is BOUGHT in this one,it is NOT found like in three. It seems like FAR too many people are using the old adage, ""Sex sells, drop a ladies panties,spread her thighs, and show her breasts to make money"" is FAR too prominant here! I am a bisexual woman, but GOD layOFF the sex sells stuff! I watch pornography if I need to for that... I pick games for the ESCAPE from a dull, listless life."
,Recommended,298110,16853113,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Tha Goat,"helo, u see, htis gaem had aloet of petetional but it fel short bcuz of is repetotove gem play =) thanks for redying my revu and i hoep u like it!!1!!11111my ovrell ratung = 1.9999/11vizuelz = 3.111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111/1gem ingin = seme shet dif gemso my litl pony frendship is majic is a good show ovrel and i fink that broniys shud nto get so much hate on teh interwebs :3thankz for readying my reiview for mlp princes town"
,Not Recommended,298110,23997792,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,MoxNix,"Seemed like a downgrade from Far Cry 3.Same gamplay, same combat, worse setting, much worst plot."
,Not Recommended,298110,25516298,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Samuel | Cringysam,MY ACCOUNT WONT WORK PLEASE HELP  I CANT CHANGE THE PASSWORD
,Recommended,298110,13146017,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,1erMarins_Sgt_Ryan_Jenkins,Breathtaking.
,Not Recommended,298110,20245955,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Gorra,"♥♥♥♥♥♥ game, nothing compared to the last entry of the series 3/10"
,Not Recommended,298110,24714593,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,GunMetalGregory,"Credit is given where crdit is due, this game runs much better than Far cry 3 and Far Cry 3: Blood Dragon. Rather than crashing at launch, it crashes randomly during gameplay. From now on, any game that has the Far Cry label on it is a game that I will refuse to buy. Out of the 40 games that I have on my system, Far Cry 3, Far Cry 3: Blood Dragon and Far Cry 4 are the only games that just dont run. I will be sure to uninstall these games as soon as this post has been written. I am so Dissapointed!"
76561198010266833,Not Recommended,298110,30209050,Posted: 26 February,all,LeChuck,"I can't recommend it, because I'm unable to get it running on my PC smoothly. It is filled with bugs which I am going to list up here:- NVIDIA Hairworks clipping bugs.  -still broken- Blank map and super dark shadows (have a look at my screenshots for evidence). -works now- Framerate is super inconsistent and drops often under 60 FPS at 1080p. -works now- NPC animation flickering happens really often. -works now- NVIDIA HBAO+ totally busted. -still broken- DSR or downsampling doesn't work, either it zooms and isn't playable or it refuses to go to fullscreen -works now- borderless window mode doesn't work. It always does this DSR zoom in effect. Don't ask me why. -still broken- Game crashes when i try to join a friends coop session with windows 10. Awesome :D.What i tried to get rid of these problems:#1 Game reinstallation#2 Moved game from HDD to SSD#3 Reinstalled NVIDIA Drivers with DDU.#4 Checked HPET timings, they are fine, on both Operation systems (win 10 pro and win 7 pro)#5 Tested it on my second OS (win 7 pro).#6 Swapped HBAO+ to SSAO#7 Changed lighting settingsyes, indeed, I tried to fix this game for ~10 hours,nothing was successful.My system:i7 5820k @4,2GHz16GB Corsair Vengeance Ram @2400MHzGTX 1080 @2050Mhz Vram @11000MhzAsus Phoebus Soundcard700W Cougar CMX 700 PSUAs you can see, this PC should be destroying this game with ease.Doom 4 max settings 1080p = min ~120 and often upt to 200 FPSFar Cry 3 Blood dragon max settings 1620p 8xMSAA = ~85FPSWitcher 3 with ~140% Ultra settings (tuned Config) = 80-90 FPSand many other games...Far cry 4 is indeed the only game which just doesn't want to run on this setup.everything else runs just fine.very disappointed.edit: it runs now at 2880x1620p with smooth 60 FPS@ Ultra.I'm super confused how this game behaves but whatever, it does run now smoothly.CPU usage is terrible tho, i guess it's still crappy optimised and i5 CPU's like the 3XXX or even a 4XXX could have trouble to stay at 60 fps in certain areas.edit #2: Just figured out that the game crashes on Windows 10 when I try to join coop. Classic Ubisoft."
76561198016995797,Recommended,298110,17585291,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,It's my puppy,"Recommended! I don't get why people complain that it's too similar to FC3 you're damn right it's similar and that's what makes it awesome as heck! Wasn't FC3 a great game?! Man I love the visuals of this game. It's even prettier than the last one. I'd buy it just to experience that Kyrat! @_@ Nice music too, and story! Why do people complain about the stoooryyy?? There is nothing wrong with it it's actually cool. Ethnically Kyrati boy raised in the States returns to his homeland to restore order without even having planned it :D And the villain maaan don't get me started. I loved Pagan, even more than Vaas. He's just funny... and weird, and weirdly nice to you :D AND talks kinda homo (no disrespect to homosexuals), the kind of homo that makes u chuckle. Recommended! Get it, enjoy Kyrat, and Pagan and oh I can't believe I almost left out the co-op!! Yes there is co-op this time!! It's so fun you can explore the beautiful Far Cry 4 world along with your buddy!!"
76561197971476906,Recommended,298110,15394711,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,DollarBill,Much better than #3 as it is quicker to get around and things move along quickly if you want to push it.
,Not Recommended,298110,23847539,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,angrymonkey,Fun but too prone to crashes and totally unoptimized. I have a nice rig and I still can only get about 40fps on ultra settings.
,Recommended,298110,24489721,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Witch King of Angmar,Like Farcry Primal with guns!
,Not Recommended,298110,20184028,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,♣ Blue Dragon ♣,I recommend this game for funAnd i don't recommend because of Black Screen.
76561198084953778,Not Recommended,298110,23558901,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,THE HERON,my game is not on my uplay account. now i cant play it. and i cant give it back.thanks uplay
76561198084119818,Recommended,298110,13714927,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Bark,Ooooh so gooood
76561198070385225,Not Recommended,298110,15459017,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,PunchY,Piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥doesn't even run.
76561198174017906,Not Recommended,298110,30529571,Posted: 15 March,all,Jung,Bugge mission you can't complete
76561198144778716,Not Recommended,298110,29146523,Posted: 9 January,all,KillWonder,"A Far Cry 3 on steroids! You can't even walk 10 seconds in the game witouth something attacking you, even after you liberated all the outposts in the area! Besides this a great game!"
76561198094281335,Not Recommended,298110,20216832,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Nedge,"Own 3? Stick with that...It offered enough bare essential changes to warrent a release, however if like me you'd just finished 3 and went straight to 4 it felt like nothing had really been done, a few infuriating menu changes that actually made it worse to use and some sharper visuals.If i had started with 4 and gone backwards i probably would of enjoyed it more but for £30 i wanted something worth the money, not just an update with new characters. Characters that are less interesting than 3's at that."
76561198349856323,Not Recommended,298110,28883092,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,shisuko.renege14,"it wont launch O,.,O im so dune with steam"
76561197989434542,Recommended,298110,13064697,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,kirhgoff,Why did you do this? Why I cannot buy the game in English?
76561198151500673,Recommended,298110,25035383,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Nathan emerald.gg,cool
,Recommended,298110,14202559,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Recon3Y3z,Far Cry 3 +1
,Recommended,298110,15422377,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Dr. Hound,Sound doesnt work 11/10 IGN would play again
76561197990564055,Recommended,298110,30250509,Posted: 28 February,all,Johnny,Pagan Min - our lord and savior!
,Not Recommended,298110,18496594,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Nakey,21 gig for 15 min of play? what the literal f**k?
,Recommended,298110,13035642,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Dolan,"Pretty fun so far, really like the improvements to gameplay such as kicking and the buzzer. really makes stuff easier and more enjoyable"
,Recommended,298110,13035400,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,FlowMotion,"Best FarCry yet.  The graphics are incredible, and the sandbox gameplay is prime.Storyline is creative and holds your interest.After playing most of the campaign I frickin love this game.Recurve bow.9/10"
,Recommended,298110,27812761,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Snickerlicker69 skins4bsnick,No russian?? Damn
,Recommended,298110,24769097,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,PaladiN,"-Buys game.-Waits a month because of lack of space.-Installs after a month-opens game""Far Cry 4 Has Stopped Working""69/68"
76561198291291344,Recommended,298110,29507589,Posted: 26 January,all,T!ME TO RANK UP...!!,good game
,Recommended,298110,20292364,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,KuyuKiOnTheRadio,"This game was totally insane!!!AWESOME gameplay,AWESOME multiplayer,AWESOME Graphics,AWESOME Story line even i didnt play the campaign yet :3 BUT IT WAS AWESOMEEEE!!!!!!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,298110,28945141,Posted: 2 January,all,Addy,"I played for about 5 hours, got plenty pst the prologue.Launched the game a total of three times, and since then, the game always launches to a black window.I was honestly looking forward to the game, but after more research I have seen that I am one of many that has had this issue."
,Not Recommended,298110,18443961,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,^Pirate ^Sam,"Nothing new, just different annoyances."
,Not Recommended,298110,27554060,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,F_98|hellcase.com|skinhub.com,"too many bug, cant continue the first part stuck in the house cannot move anywhere but waiting 20 minute and you finish the game witch is nice"
76561198022164539,Not Recommended,298110,24376167,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Lorcan Mulhuddart,"Does not support 21 x 9 ultra-wide, another ♥♥♥♥♥♥ PC port by Ubisoft."
76561198070718206,Recommended,298110,18404290,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,JEW,i killed cow now he's dead :(
,Recommended,298110,13012148,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Smashzone,"Can win the game from the very start. 10/10 ""Now really skyrim with guns"""
,Recommended,298110,12996607,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Cristi,^_^
76561198022738725,Not Recommended,298110,29288964,Posted: 15 January,all,Mister 74,"Its like Far Cry 3 but worse. The story, characters, region, and villians arent as memorable or great as Far Cry 3. The gameplay is still the same. You can drive vehicles, ride on elephants, take down radio towers and what not. Its a decent game but not as good as Far Cry 3. Unlike Vaas, Pagan doesnt do much and is not as threatning. Get it on sale like I did."
76561197971172954,Not Recommended,298110,21190889,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Pure SKill,"It's OK.  FC3 engine, basically the same game.   Uplay required."
,Recommended,298110,13004347,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,tonyphanho,this is one of my favorite games out to date im at 8 hours only 30% done lol theres alot to do idk why people are complaining if you play the 3rd and liked it. its the same thing but alot more to do i skipped overtime to play this game twice already would i do it again hell yeah im skipping overtime today just so i can play this game and seems like everyone is having problems i havnt yet (hopefully never like dead rising 3) well off to do more♥♥♥♥♥♥before even starting the story
76561198007805254,Recommended,298110,25315900,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Teh_Trooper,>be me>30 mins in>i am in a border hopping bus>gets stopped.reminds me of trump>possibly gay man steps out of helicopter and stabs an asian man>with a pen>have to take a selfie with big freedia>goes to insane friends mansion>served crab rangoon>i hate crab>the natives of this land break into mansion and abduct me>shoot 12 people with unregistered gun>driver is shot>drives off cliff>i am being searched for>just like 'nam>throw chunk of meat i took off a dead goat>3 bears come out of water and kill more asian men>am involved in avalanche>taken in as leader of the yellow people>k
76561198216577757,Recommended,298110,23686715,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,rsivachalapathy,"This game is very slow even my laptop having nvidia 940M,8gb ram,i5 5th gen"
76561198249544410,Not Recommended,298110,28391169,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,bullen,repetitive gameplay multiplayer not worth a♥♥♥♥♥♥and uplay ♥♥♥♥ery on top of that.
76561198050096404,Not Recommended,298110,30353325,Posted: 6 March,all,helloMYbanebridge,"tl;dr  Don't ever pay full price for this game.  Get it on sale for the Far Cry stealth fun and the incidental chaos of the Dunia engine.Here's the Rest-Game Mechanics are good, fun stealth elements, far too much chaos going on in the world around you.  The animals are hyper aggressive and more dangerous than the vast majority of the human enemies.  Squads of Golden Path shooting at eagles because the A.I. is pretty dumb, enemies moderately smarter than allies in this respect.  Beautiful settings and (seemingly) immense map to explore,♥♥♥♥♥loads of guns and people to use them on.  Pagan Min is by far my favorite villian for sometime (think Handsome Jack meets Saddam Hussein) rooting for him all the way, I hope he wins :DBIggest Drawback-Story sucks a big one so far.  Allow me to explainThe only way the story even works is if you are willing to believe that a soft skinned spineless kid from America is the ONLY hope the downtrodden people of Kyrat have for being free.Ajay, Stand up for yourself in the face of undue criticism from the so called leaders of the Golden Path? NO THANKS!  Ajay, do all the work and liberate Kyrat without any one of the incompetent Golden Path lifting a finger to help?  YES PLEASE!Everything one would expect from a modern day hero-natural born weapons expert, marksman and stealth prodigy with zero training? CHECKUtterly incapable of forming a cogent sentence or using his brain? DOUBLE CHECKPagan Min is the only character worth paying attention to in this whole game so far.  We'll see what the rest of the game has in store but I get the feeling it's going to be cringe worth character ""development"" and a lot of flimsy pretexts for story advancement. Thank God the main character is a maleable lump of goo...."
,Not Recommended,298110,23816503,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,aa,It's the same recycled♥♥♥♥♥♥from Far Cry 3 but with a really bad story.
,Recommended,298110,28137868,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,jazz,Great game
76561198000021481,Not Recommended,298110,31386496,Posted: 26 April,all,slyr,really bad game on steam . ubisoft ask for a code that you never recieve.game wont start CAUTION !!!!!
,Not Recommended,298110,33415280,Posted: 9 July,all,Pterop,No 16:10 support.
,Recommended,298110,13032755,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Ace Rimmer,"Скайрим с пушками,  расизмом и таким-то экшоном.10/10, сириусли."
76561198032590282,Not Recommended,298110,25888517,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,asarshalom,One word disappointing
76561198249105648,Recommended,298110,33167244,Posted: 2 July,all,flyingbazooka,One of my favorite games of all time
,Recommended,298110,13963588,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,DArkiller21,damn it
76561198096115401,Recommended,298110,30317291,Posted: 4 March,all,xd,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,298110,24182486,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Ritsuka,"This would be a fun game if you like mindless killing and through an entire playthrough, I have to say it is pretty well polished, I found absolutely no bugs. It is definitely worth buying.The reason I am not recommending this game, is because of the following:*Some, mild-spoilers*1. I like a story, more indepth than ""the king is bad because he is bad, and we must overthrow him with someone who says they are good"". There is so little character developement that when at the end I was given a choice on which key character to kill, I really didn't care. Some characters you just don't see anymore without any explanation, maybe they are in a DLC?2. Multiplayer Co-op, this game you can only play side quests with friends, not the main story. This was a huge dissapointment given that I had bought this to play with a friend.3. The quests are so repetitive that in the main story line, they just start saying ""you know what to do"".4. I'm in a country that is fighting a civil war, yet I feel like I am the only person fighting except for a few moments in the game.5. Serious lack of ""true"" weapon choices. Yes there is like around 60 weapons to choose from, but you will find there is only 3 that do not suck, grenade launcher, silenced sniper, and machine gun. The rest that you work so hard to unlock are utterly meaningless, and usually have accuracy so atrocious that you will miss with the barrel shoved up your enemies♥♥♥♥♥6. Uplay. Which means, No steam achievements and makes playing with friends 3x more difficult than it needs to be.7. This is mild, but a personal thing that irritated me. The friendly AI soldiers, are brilliant when driving a car, it takes effort to hit them because they are very good at dodging you, however, on foot, I often found myself avoiding side quests that involved  rescuing them because they will jump in front of your bullets and car, they will try to ""run away scared"" straight into an enemy soldier's gunfire. On top of that, if you do accidently shoot one, they will open fire on you,  and thats the only time they have any accuracy, they will miss 99% of all shots when firing at enemies, but with you, they will hit every single one.8. The game has the most anticlimactic ending of ubisoft to date (ubisoft seems to make it a compitition with themselves to see how lame of an ending to a game they create). You kill the final bad guy, one shot. Goes black, and 'FIN"" on the screen. I am not joking."
,Not Recommended,298110,33938508,Posted: 31 July,all,XD.proxy,"Plauged with bugs, crashes, and frame rate drops. Also the game freaks out anytime you tab out sometimes crashing and sometimes not going back into fulscreen. The game also does not allow co-op to work, for me and everyone I know who owns the game on PC there is some type of error everytime you try to join someones game. As for the gameplay side of things it's nothing you haven't seen before, as in the gamepleay is exactly the same as far cry 3 and the world is just a reskinned hi-def version of the farcry 3 map. The story is not deep enough to make up for the fact that it is exactly like its predecessor. Might be an okay game if the technological side of things was fixed, but what else can you expect from Ubisoft."
76561198130218097,Recommended,298110,23812620,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,SPADE165,it good game
76561198322262818,Not Recommended,298110,26566753,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,LarryPinhead,"As much as I like the concept of this game, it's ♥♥♥♥ing stupid. After years of development it still crashes very frequently. And what I hate the most is, when I finally completed a mission, I don't want to listen to their fake Indian accent ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t so I fast travelled away, the mission is counted as fail."
,Not Recommended,298110,31159752,Posted: 15 April,all,SpudButter,Its just different enough to not be far cry 3
,Recommended,298110,20016080,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,🎃 Demon Cobra Dinger 🎃,This game is ♥♥♥♥in dank. That's all you really need to know.
76561198035464091,Recommended,298110,20996988,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,SmithCommaJohn,syasy n
76561198043789275,Not Recommended,298110,19462540,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,*****,Far Cry 3 with a different skin. Full of logical errors.
76561198012433023,Not Recommended,298110,33509815,Posted: 13 July,all,Johan,"DO NOT BUY!!! you need to use U-Play also, ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t! DO NOT BUY!!!"
,Recommended,298110,30291330,Posted: 3 March,all,KNACKKK!!!,a very good game...
,Not Recommended,298110,13605414,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Sauceborn,Cant even start it... -.-
76561198150324967,Recommended,298110,15434020,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,lonewolf870,Is anyone else having a problem playing this game? everytime i want to play it i have to wait like 5-10 minutes before it will even play. It's annoying.
76561198064811677,Not Recommended,298110,35362286,Posted: 30 September,all,KP,Reqiures use of UplayMust connect to servers to playServers always downGame is completely unplayable for me.
76561197994643357,Not Recommended,298110,12999373,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Abscissa,Game is inoperable. Thanks Ubisoft. Wish I could get a ♥♥♥♥ing refund. It's becoming very tiring that the players are the beta testers now.
,Not Recommended,298110,12995700,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Swededweeb,"This is a extremely buggy game at the moment, I would recommend holding off buying it for a couple of weeks until they patch out the worst of it. I'm personally unable to continue through the main storyline due to a mission that I'm unable to play through, because the NPCs doesn't spawn in the mission area."
,Recommended,298110,13901618,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Legitti,Awesome.
76561198004066778,Recommended,298110,12991946,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Blade,little bit buggy but if it works fine its a kick♥♥♥♥♥game !!! if you liked far cry 3 you will love this game its the samn with lots more !!
,Not Recommended,298110,12995043,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,{D(.Y.)M}  ŦД☈₴ ™  ☚ˬ˯˯ˬ☛,This is another game that ubisoft didnt bother to optomize. I runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥for everyone i know. I also has a number of clipping and bullet colision issues as well as Omtiant AI. This game was noware near ready for release...
76561198020324168,Recommended,298110,12996956,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,badmanjose,Based on about 5 and a half hours of Multiplayer. Showed up in a match the first time I jumped in and was trampled by an elephant.Would get trampled again/10
,Recommended,298110,13039475,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,SIX | GTA,Holy F*ck it this game sick 11/10
,Not Recommended,298110,25011588,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Jelmer₁₃₃₇,ridiculously low sound quality
76561198048296814,Not Recommended,298110,32492412,Posted: 16 June,all,HazardXXI,Hate Uplay
76561198023217659,Not Recommended,298110,23775186,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,ch33353,Game will not launch.  A black window opens and that's it.
,Not Recommended,298110,23281354,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,C0ntinues,Dont by this♥♥♥♥♥♥Ubisoft Create a Game with a Fantastic Graphic! But i own this Game on release Day and still cannot Save!!!!!!!!!!!! But i know i will never get my Money back!
76561198133710377,Recommended,298110,13011759,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Dr.Chaimsaw™,"I found a gyro copter, crashed it into a a group of enemeys, killed them all, then got attacked by 6 eagles and 3 ♥♥♥♥ing tiger.....in my first hour of the game.11/10Im scared of eagles nowNature ♥♥♥♥ing hates AjayBuy the game its fun."
,Not Recommended,298110,23909994,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,pipe,"Didn't work on Windows 10 64-bit. Tried any and all fixes I could find (though, to be fair, there weren't many).S U X"
,Recommended,298110,13042689,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,twitch.tv/exdeedee,"Great game still not♥♥♥♥♥♥♥""1/14.5643 IDN"""
,Not Recommended,298110,32710762,Posted: 23 June,all,Valiryon,"This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ I am reminded why I don't play ubisoft games. Got it for the coop, ended up in an endless intro cinematic that can't be skipped, I assume we have to both play to some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t progression point to be able to start playing together. Who thought this would be a good idea? It's terrible."
76561198274466375,Recommended,298110,25017971,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,gerdvanmechelen,"Paid for the game, can't play it anymore because of some Steam stuff not working. Thanks guys."
76561198059219740,Not Recommended,298110,34647995,Posted: 31 August,all,TJ♛,No vaas
,Recommended,298110,17842166,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,̩̥͓͔͒,Far Cry 4 Gold costs the same as buying the base game and getting the season pass. Sneaky. lol
,Recommended,298110,30313282,Posted: 4 March,all,Unknown_User,"Seriously? I just bought the game like 2 month ago and it STILL HAS THE BEST ♥♥♥♥ING GRAPHIC even better than GTA V. It´s the best game i have ever played! Great story, good dialoges, perfect graphic, cool guns and vehicles and not to easy! Now I´m dead inside cause I finished the game with 100% :("
76561198132931841,Not Recommended,298110,29892780,Posted: 12 February,all,craigspam,"very buggy cannot play, sorry I bought it"
76561198018753867,Not Recommended,298110,33063112,Posted: 30 June,all,DamageDone,stupid UBI Soft. Its 2017 and you cant get the resolution right.
76561198181715997,Not Recommended,298110,26366320,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,chronic hunger,gets veery repetitive very fast. compared to far cry 3 the storyline sucks and isnt all that interesting. the villain is just kinda bleh especially when you compare hime to vaas from fc3. having said that it is visually much better than fc3 and is still quite fun to go around raiding villages and capturing fortresses. which is basically the entire game in a nutshell without all that much interesting story.
,Not Recommended,298110,25809882,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,MightyLeeMoon,"It's an okay game that you'll only be able to play whenever uPlay happens to be working because, even though you bough tthe game, you can't do anything without logging into their servers. 0/10 would not play again."
76561198072915911,Not Recommended,298110,24925012,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Dex,"Have to use the frankly defective and taxing ubiware, not well ported, basically the same as far cry 3, oh and the best part? Terrible story that makes you side with someone whos mad at you all the time or is super pissy that you didnt side with them and you cant skip the cutscenes, ever. ♥♥♥♥ Ubisoft, I hope they go under like the reports."
,Recommended,298110,12998282,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Military furry,it very fun good story but f!#$%^& uplay just come on
,Recommended,298110,12999427,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,The Flying LumberJack,"Great graphics, great machanics, and great story line. Possibly one of the best games of 2014."
,Recommended,298110,14449088,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,DoomPatrol85,It's Like Skyrim with guns & rideable elephants.
,Not Recommended,298110,34794789,Posted: 7 September,all,Killerlensen,Not a fan tbh
,Not Recommended,298110,28463300,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Hymen Buster 5000,♥♥♥♥ING UPLAY PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥UBISOFT GIVE ME A TOOTHY ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,298110,13003452,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Dope User,This is a must buy!
76561198058693063,Not Recommended,298110,23785119,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,"""SLUTS""",just doesnt work for me right after launch it stays at a black screen
,Not Recommended,298110,31872214,Posted: 20 May,all,Ulysses,"This game's story is good, but here are my reasons why it's bad,it's way too buggy and glitchy, stealth is♥♥♥♥♥♥ detection is♥♥♥♥♥♥(and I mean they detect you way more easily than people in real life would. I could not stop failing City of Pain mission because of this), The map is nearly exactly the same as Far Cry 3, projectiles don't hit where they are suppose to (like knives and bullets), some AI NPCs survive waaaay too many bullets, you don't have many oppertunities to upgrade health unlike Far Cry Primal (I had to run with City of Pain with 4 HEALTH BARS unlike Far Cry Primal. . .), you unlock too many guns right away and they are kind of♥♥♥♥♥♥ and the good guns you need to travel to northern Kyrat to unlock them, you don't get enough bell towers in the map (disregarding northern Kyrat), the M1911 reguires waaaay too many bell towers to unlock and it's a goddamned pistol, you cannot apply any type of attachments to ANY gun (which in real life you can), they limit how many attachments you can have which is pointless, can't run 60FPS on Ultra with a GTX 1050 Ti. . . . . , missions and side missions are tooo ♥♥♥♥ing demanding for what you have to do when it's simple KILL THE ENEMY(ies) AND LEAVE! (NOT use knives to take down TWO commanders! ♥♥♥♥ing really?. . .), absurd for the fact that you sometimes need to use CERTAIN guns to kill CERTAIN enemies with. . ., not optimized, controls are ♥♥♥♥ing bugged at times, wingsuit SHIFT control glitches, glider controls are too complicated if you have the wingsuit, you die too easily, and animals are too aggressive which in real life some ARE NOT (rinos).Seriously, get Far Cry 3 or Primal or the original, or get no Far Cry game at all, they are soo ♥♥♥♥ing garbage, this game was fun at first and there are a lot of good things about it, but these things kill it for me. (pun intended)"
76561198056122979,Not Recommended,298110,29223433,Posted: 13 January,all,BlackVoltage,very badly made AI
,Recommended,298110,25020693,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,ム InTiNiTioN ム | CSOFFER.ME,the graphics are not so good like in the trailer
,Not Recommended,298110,24770893,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Ulysses,I just honestly hated it and refunded my purchase. This just makes me sad I can't play more Far Cry 3.
76561198065049658,Recommended,298110,13728434,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Tane Plug,"as some people would say this game is just like far cry 3, i disagree, this game is its own, beautiful masterpiece built to show the dark side of the himalayas and how fun it is to drive, boat and even fly above enemies, taking them out with your crossbow or even sticky grenades. this is a must buy for everyone."
,Not Recommended,298110,28420850,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Valmiric,"NO CO-OP CAMPAIGN !!!looked forward for a weekend full of fun and co-op campaigning... totally disappointed with there not being any of that in this game... sure, it looks, nice and is fun for playing alone...but the ADVERTISED co-op campaign simply does not exist...0 of 5 stars !"
76561198056281022,Not Recommended,298110,34206679,Posted: 12 August,all,T.King413,"let me write you a poem to disribe far cry 4GARBAGE FIRE. Garbage Fire. GARBAGE fire. garbage FIRE. garbage fire, garbage fire. GARBAGE FIREive played some %@#& games, but this takes the cake. because no matter how bad of a game ive ever played, they all let me finish the tutorial, this glicthy bug infested game didnt even let me complete the TUTORIAL. from the first bug, 1 truck/enemy not spawning at the start, 2 once your in the truck (you have to die to get it to spawn) it does nothing, 3 once the truck starts moveing (by waiting to die AGAIN) the game gives you your frist gun.....wait NO IT DOESNT. 4 once you get your gun to spawn (guess how!) you finally get a break, for 1 minute untill the next cutsceen where its time to learn about stealth and melee. 5 your melee doesnt spawn. you get it by (and you'll never see this coming) but you get it by being shot, like a lot, then dying, AGAIN. so once you get your melee weapon you start your adventure. untill your next scripted encounter, a woman throws a rope down to you for you to climb. and big surprise. it actually works. my hope reborn. my humanity restored, my ember kindled.......ONLY FOR IT ALL TO END IN THE NEXT BUG THAT FINALLY BROKE THE GAME. you meet Sabal the nice guy who recuesed you, aka the @$$hole that started this decline into madness. but much like Waldo, Sabal is no where to be seen, the quest marker tells you he is right in front of you, but no much like my father, HE GONE. so i reload last checkpoint, then reload again, and again, untill i got angery and shot a couple of random bullets into the tower, THEN BOOM! 3 men spawn out of nowhere! my bullets create life from nothing its a miracle! but sadly much like a trio of alcoholic step-fathers, none are able to fill Sabals place. it was at that moment i realized...the games hard mode, was never the gameplay, it was the game."
,Not Recommended,298110,24104520,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Bai dvoiko mutrata,Game not work start game black screen
,Recommended,298110,13024547,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Eksray,
76561197994988907,Recommended,298110,32650914,Posted: 22 June,all,Ickon CL-Mike waBOOski,ech
,Recommended,298110,20145060,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,"Grink ""Skyrim the 13th"" da Boy",i like itbut yet i cant hear any audio ingame
,Not Recommended,298110,16466127,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,RaphielDrake,"So, I bought this for myself and my girlfriend. Imagine my surprise when I can't get past the uplay loading screen. ""Alright, I'll reinstall uplay."" I press play again and this time my kaspersky tells me it cannot confirm the certificate. I carry on anyway, I log into uplay, I start the game.""Cannot connect to Far Cry 4 servers."" I cannot access the exclusive content, go on multiplayer or do co-op. Brilliant. I spend hours fiddling with port forwarding to no avail.I try out the single player and find myself bored within hours. Jason Brody in Far Cry 3 had character progression, an interesting story and an intriguing nemesis. Not this guy. Hes about as interesting as grey paint. Hes apparantly a normal guy but he can climb, use firearms and treat wounds like hes been doing it all his life. No explaination.  The gameplay is just dull in comparison to Far Cry 3.Waste of my money and time. ♥♥♥♥ uplay and ♥♥♥♥ this game."
76561198119163413,Recommended,298110,23946471,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Hey B0ss PLs,Can I get a wall?
76561198303349417,Not Recommended,298110,29295019,Posted: 16 January,all,hoNeYKiD,this game really ♥♥♥♥s ///////??????
,Not Recommended,298110,24680904,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Death Stalker,"I have to say I very much enjoyed playing this game. The story was great, and my time was well spent. However I cannot reccomend it because it is a buggy piece of crap. I had to constantly reset it to full screen and there were many other infuriating bugs to deal with. Ubisoft, I won't be buying anything else from you."
,Not Recommended,298110,24148657,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,King Malotroth,"I really don't like this game the way it is. It feels like it was originally a movie due to the fact that everything that makes it a game is bad. The characters and story are good, but the gameplay is buggy (enemy ai bugging out, getting stuck on things and dying due to wingsuit not opening, just to name a few), its not really bringing anything new to the table that games like Just Cause 3 already made better (wingsuit, grappling hook, parachute), and the screen is stuck in widescreen so the immersion is ruined.I'm not saying that its a hopeless mess however. If the devs put more work into making a smoother, more innovative game that captured gamers' attention, it could have been a huge hit. The actually good bit of the game came in the second half, which is bad because that should be near the start so critics can see the possibilities of the game and where its going. What I got was people worshiping me and getting drugged a lot (halfway through game already got drugged for plot purposes 7 times). Something that really bothered me though is that they used a voice actor for Ajay that has a voice very similar to Jason from FC3 so they could reuse the sound effects for things like grunting and pain. Overall, it could have been good if more effort was made and perhaps released later. I got this game for $20 (50% off) and I still think that that should have been the full price normally. For $40, no less $70 for gold, this is not a game worth getting.tl;dr, needs more effort 2/10"
76561198193279619,Not Recommended,298110,30044877,Posted: 19 February,all,neonmosh,"I really liked Far Cry 3 (despite it's flaws), and this is more of the same. However, there is something tired here that I can't quite put my finger on, and because of it paying even $10 seems a bit steep."
76561198204236711,Not Recommended,298110,19356745,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,LordBlue,♥♥♥♥ING STUPID I WROTE A TYPEO IN MY UPLAY AND NOW I HAVE TO REDOWNLOAD THE MOTHER♥♥♥♥ING GAME
76561198165512686,Not Recommended,298110,27888476,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,SpongeBill,This is so stupid. i can't even start the freaking game up.
76561198008013178,Not Recommended,298110,23827273,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,jat,"Do not buy on AMD unless you are fine with ~60 FPS!First of all I have to say that I don't need the fanciest graphics but I'm used to 120 fps and my eyes hurt when I have to play a game on 60fps. When you're fine with playing on 60FPS or have a NVIDIA Graphics Card then this review probably won't be very helpful to you since I can't tell you anything about gameplay. Also, my System Specs are good enough to run games like this on around 120 fps.I started the game with the graphics settings on highI recently got Farcry 3 and I had a lot of fun with it so I figured why not buy Farcry 4 during the Summer Sale. Huge mistake.It started off great, the Cutscene in the beginning ran smoothly on 250+ fps. Once the cutscene ends a scripted scene inside a house starts where you just sit there and can't move for about two minutes. That's where the problems began: the fps dropped to around 60 and once I was able to I ran around to see if the fps would change at all but even when I was standing in a corner facing the wall the fps didn't go above 70. On the contrary when running around they dropped at times to 30. I adjusted the graphics settings, tried the highest and the lowest. Changing the setting to ultra affected my performance as expected, I dropped to around 30fps but changing the settings to the lowest possible didn't do much at all. The highest I got on the lowest settings was around 75.I tried out some fixes for fps drops I found on the internet but none helped me.I'm very disappointed, was really looking forward to playing this game. Maybe I'll pick it up again If I were to buy a NVIDIA Graphics card in the future."
,Recommended,298110,13797483,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Hypoman,"I don't know what to write as a review for this game so instead here is a recepie on how to make a pancake, enjoy c;Basic pancakes recipeA delicious and easy pancake recipe that is fast to get on the table and better tasting than any convenience pre- packaged mix.Serving Size:8Category:Basic recipes, Breakfast, Budget, Cakes & Baking, Dessert, Easy recipes, Kids cooking, Kids food, Lunch box, Pancake recipes, SnacksPrep Time:5 minsCook Time:10 minsIngredients:1 cup (150g) self-raising flour1 tbsp sugar1 egg, lightly beaten3/4 cup (180ml) milk50g butter, meltedMethod:In a bowl mix flour and sugar.Beat in the egg and then milk at little at a time until batter is smooth and lump-free.In a hot pan or flat grill, brush butter over cooking surface and pour 1/4 cup measures for each pancake.When large bubbles form on the surface, flip over and cook until lightly golden on the other side."
,Not Recommended,298110,29150420,Posted: 9 January,all,datpenguinSKİPPER,dont buy a f*ckıng wingsuit
,Recommended,298110,15439560,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Bear Fucking Grylls,PLOT TWIST: YOU'RE THE BAD GUY!!!!! 11/2 thumbs way up!!!
76561198141344287,Not Recommended,298110,32190923,Posted: 4 June,all,sjorsens,not good had fun for a bit but then thescreen whn black and said not responding tried everything not worked
,Not Recommended,298110,24722765,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,ptr,♥♥♥♥ING ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ HITBOXES 0/10
76561198043495262,Recommended,298110,32108641,Posted: 1 June,all,Red Pyro,.
76561198129571530,Recommended,298110,23680387,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Thrillmatictv,9 pimps out of 10 pimps
,Not Recommended,298110,24586726,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,reprisal,"couldn't get over the fact that the graphics were pixelated as hell when loading textures, and that there is no way to edit the sharpness of the graphics. Gets to the point where it hurts your eyes playing. This game looks sick, but until Ubisoft makes more advanced graphical options to edit these effects, I can't enjoy the story that looked really dope."
76561198335404270,Recommended,298110,30325778,Posted: 4 March,all,Sarra,Great game!
76561198112669681,Recommended,298110,25232014,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Chef Blazer,topkek
,Not Recommended,298110,29132377,Posted: 8 January,all,Brain Force Dietary Supplement,"far cry 3 is so much better buy that instead of this garbage that can never save your progress. I've literally played through the same few missions four times before the game ♥♥♥♥s up and deletes all my progress. Ubisoft is the worst company I have ever seen, they cannot release full, working games. They just rush to release their next ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, glitchy title. Ubisoft have not released a single good game since far cry 3. They can go ♥♥♥♥ themselves and try to realize how to make a decent game that isn't half ♥♥♥♥ing working. Ubisoft can go ♥♥♥♥ themselves, made me waste five dollars you ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198083709161,Not Recommended,298110,34487759,Posted: 25 August,all,PPSS zach.tucher,"i wish i could play this gam i really do however for some reason it just nerver runs right on my pc and i know other people that have tryed it and it just houldnt work for them and ive watched several videos on how to fix the problem and every time i tryed the ""solutions"" they would not work so sadly i have not goten to play the actual game i post this more for a warrning to anyone else and if anyone else has had this isue and managed to fix it pleas e let me know how u did it thank you"
76561198222805904,Not Recommended,298110,25892535,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,brandod8,♥♥♥♥ this it does not work black screen FIX or die
76561198110325766,Not Recommended,298110,33969577,Posted: 2 August,all,Child Dismemberment,Worst story ever
76561198123600431,Not Recommended,298110,28193626,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,BEE NUMBER 1899,ubisoft pls for love of ♥♥♥♥ing god stop ♥♥♥♥ing using uplay its the only thing i hate about your games because now its glitched me out so i can't sign and play my 60 dollar game i payed for  thanks
76561198274451892,Not Recommended,298110,26301751,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,racer01234,never gave me the key
,Not Recommended,298110,19301323,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Altitude_Seven,boycott ubisoft and their terrible quality towards users
76561198000544247,Not Recommended,298110,19294973,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,ZedsDead,Uplay is just so awesome!!!
76561198038896729,Not Recommended,298110,30544877,Posted: 16 March,all,Mirilion,"The ending is bad, really, really bad. Back up your saves to replay the ending, because if you don't, there's a chance you just wasted all these hours and there's no payoff to the plot. The absolute worst crap ending I have ever experienced. I will no longer buy any games made by these developers."
,Not Recommended,298110,20903773,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Gandork of the Popcorn world,i CANT EVEN GET INTO THE GOD DANG GAME BECUASE FREAKIN UPLAY
,Recommended,298110,32634369,Posted: 21 June,all,def,FUN FUN FUN!!!!
76561197969819787,Not Recommended,298110,18513212,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Amik,"Game doesn't even start. It crashes on startup on a high end gaming rig with Haswell-E and GTX 900 SLI. We should expect a few bugs in a game, but the game itself should at least be able to start on a brand new rig. I'm glad that Steam have a good return policy."
76561198040770900,Recommended,298110,21736383,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,thehonorablepleb,"As with all the other far cry games I've played,I start off saying yeah! This game is awesome. But after about 15 hours from doing all the side quests and missions and looking for collectibles I found myself saying, damn. Is it over yet? Far Cry is an excellent franchise and they have a great formula.. but it is a formula that becomes routine and mundane after a while.However, this game killed tremendous amounts of time for me. It gave me highs, lows, and frustration. So overall, I give it a mostly positive rating.I'd reccommend if you enjoy a (mostly) open world game that allows player freedom and relies on stealth gameplay but allows you to play how you choose.  The story was good, in my opinion, it had no clear moral line and really difficult choices that blur moral lines so in my opinion it was engaging."
,Recommended,298110,24173144,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Steven Johnson,"This is basicaly a better version of Far Cry 3. There are plent more weapons (LMG's that juice a Heavy in less than a second and a .50 semi-auto sniper) and animals. The campaign allows you to choose your path, between Amita, who wants to make drugs so that Kyrat is finacially stable after the war, and Sabal who wants to keep tradition, I always went with Amita though (she's pretty hot). One thing I love is that multiple times throughout the game, you can personally execute a few major enemys (such as Pagan Min). The map is very different from Far Cry 3, it is much more mountainous and harder to trek. For negatives: The Repair Tool is no longer a weapon meaning you can no longer run around starting fires. It can only be used if a vehicle needs repairing (where you wil then be able to run around with it but only until you equip a weapon). I have amajorproblem where location names won't leave when you go there, for example, with major locations, a yellow box will pop up with the name of it and it's altitude above sea level, sometimes the box will disapear but the text and altitude will stay, meaning I got these big yellow letters over my screen, you must either die or restart the game from the menu to fix it. This problem is something that is also in Far Cry 3, you can't fall from anything and survive practically, you may die from a simple fall or take 3 bars from small falls.Far Cry 3 was great, Far Cry 4 is amazing."
,Not Recommended,298110,28333451,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Ogden,just a pure piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥win 40 scene under drungs where you just walk in the forest for 40mins and die
76561198060280011,Recommended,298110,13083077,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,ChrisThePR,"After playing farcry 4 and beating it, i gotta say this is one hell of a game!!PROS:> Great story!> Co-op> Good graphics> Great game play!CONS:> Black screen> For me I CANT JOIN CO-OP> The end was not strong> Bugs (not as much as ac unity though!)Thats my review! overall a 8.7/10 :)"
76561198065842194,Recommended,298110,28660866,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,ST0PxistingN0W,Honey badgers...Will♥♥♥♥♥♥you♥♥♥♥♥♥..
76561198124669030,Not Recommended,298110,27155710,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,CSI48,"i LOVED this game on Console , but here on PC , this game won't even start. even with it being on sale right now , i would avoid this... Uplay IMO have ruined games.Yeah , if you want to play this , go buy it for console."
76561198049680409,Not Recommended,298110,20725663,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Pete,oh Uplay Farcry 4? well I can't.
76561198009980255,Recommended,298110,13043940,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,mxinsane33,"Sex feels relatively good, so does this game.. Is this game sex?"
76561197972447870,Not Recommended,298110,30094757,Posted: 21 February,all,Elipsis,"Poor performance, ugly visuals, and the game is kind of boring..."
76561198075136572,Not Recommended,298110,23023482,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Casual Casshern,"The worst game I have ever touched.The controls and mechanics in this game are so god damn clunky and unreliable at best, it feels as if every other part of this game is fine but when it came to polishing AI and controls they literally grabbed a garbage bag full of trash and slammed it on top of the keyboard and said that the AI and controls were programmed correctly..."
76561197988166039,Recommended,298110,12996859,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Rehab Officer Tylenol Jones,"I came across a friendly Golden Path terrorist as he opened fire at a group of hostile clouds. I noticed he had a throwing knife stuck in his face, since clouds don't have hands I assumed one of his friends accidentally threw it there due to the jittery mouse acceleration. When I approached him I automatically picked up his face-knife and it was added to my inventory.    11/10 Would get eyes clawed out by hawk again."
,Not Recommended,298110,23079693,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,fw00r,"Unresolvable sound issues over PCM, DTS  encrypted optical with realtek sound."
,Recommended,298110,23770918,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Disasterbenz,Amazing game!Was a little short around 30 minsPros- Voice acting is amazing- Graphics are stunning- The story while it was short it had a great storyCons- Short but for the price your paying i think thats alright
,Recommended,298110,13067027,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Чёрный властелин,Охуен*ый  Невьеб*ческий тёмный экран
,Not Recommended,298110,30117022,Posted: 23 February,all,Student,Set of bugs despite a large number of patches since 2014(the policy of Ubisoft doesn't allow to complete begun up to the end).To horror are arcadian a plot and gameplay:at most 8+ (age restriction).Extremely I don't recommend to play and the more so to buy.Множество багов не смотря на большое количество патчей с 2014 года(политика Ubisoft не позволяет доделывать начатое до конца).До ужаса аркадны сюжет и геймплей:максимум 8+(возрастное ограничение).Крайне не рекомендую играть и тем более покупать.
76561198048703248,Not Recommended,298110,32789291,Posted: 25 June,all,Lowki,The worst ♥♥♥♥ing co op in gaming history.  you have to play the main mission for 2 hours before being able to even access the co op options.  Then if you happen to start a ♥♥♥♥ing cut scene of a mission you cant invite anyone until that mission is complete.  Who ever though of this mechanic should go kill themselves.
,Recommended,298110,13003641,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Phozphol1c,"นิยามสั้นๆ เกี่ยวกับเกมนี้ ""เช่นเดียวกับในภาค 3 มันคือ Skyrim ที่มีปืน... และถูกขัดเกลาให้สนุกยิ่งขึ้น""+ รูปแบบการเล่นหลักๆ เหมือนกับภาคก่อน แต่กะทัดรัดและเข้าถึงได้ง่ายกว่าเดิม+ การขี่ช้างใน Far Cry 4 เจ๋งยิ่งกว่าขี่มังกรใน Skyrim ซะอีก โดยเฉพาะตอนเอางวงฟาดศัตรูลอยข้ามหลังคาบ้าน+ Co-op ทั้งมันส์ ทั้งฮา และเพี้ยน ในหลอดเดียวกัน+ ปืนครกเป็นอาวุธสุดยอดของความสะใจ ใช้แล้วจะพบกับพลังทำลายล้างอันวินาศสันตะโรที่เร้าใจสุดๆ+ เฮฮามิใช่น้อย ถ้าได้เดินทางด้วยการเอาตะขอเกี่ยวไปกับเฮลิคอปเตอร์+ แค่ตัวร้ายอย่าง Pegan Min เพียงคงเดียวก็คุมทั้งเกมได้อยู่หมัด ทำให้เนื้อเรื่องน่าติดตามเป็นอย่างยิ่ง- Uplay ห่วย ทำเกมค้างบ่อยขณะเรียกใช้งาน ไม่สะดวกเอาซะเลย- AI ทำอะไรเพี้ยนๆ เยอะ (ถึงทำแล้วจะฮาก็เถอะ)- สัตว์ป่าในเกมเข้าขั้นอภิมหาดุ เจอทีไรก็ไล่ล่ายังกับเป็นศัตรูคู่แค้นกันมาตั้งแต่ชาติปางก่อน"
76561198226869316,Not Recommended,298110,31360309,Posted: 25 April,all,zodiaac1,.
,Not Recommended,298110,28572450,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,[Revelation],When the Audio doesn't work after the first cutscene and you have to use uplay the game isn't worth it eve non sale.
76561198010890724,Not Recommended,298110,34100887,Posted: 8 August,all,[H+] Eule,Crashes at least once every hour and if you are in a kampaign mission all the progress of it is lost.
76561198113377088,Not Recommended,298110,34080636,Posted: 7 August,all,Sticky Love,"I feel that most of the game content is repedative,I guess I was looking more to role play and explore the world, much like in Fallout, but I guess the game is more about refining stealth skills and blowing stuff up.I might continue playing it again sometimes, but meh..."
76561198268970497,Not Recommended,298110,29098961,Posted: 7 January,all,cibmr13,The game did not work at all on pc
76561198317612221,Recommended,298110,25629390,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,lxyleader,孤岛惊魂4(亲切点叫远哭4)这游戏刚出来的时候我就想玩了，无奈当时学生狗没时间没经费，现在等到打折入了正。果然没有让我失望，首先游戏的画面和光影效果在现在看也是主流的，而且对N卡的优化很好，游戏爽玩。剧情方面没有什么亮点，男主自带母亲骨灰盒buff加持，被抓后不但没啥事还吃了顿大餐，然后游戏全程就是各种帮助黄金之路杀敌占据点，并且任务地点一般离得较远，中途能找的旋翼机是最好的，没有的话就要开车，跑步或者再搞点信仰之跃什么的。挺耗时间的，但是这游戏的乐趣也就这这样，在赶路的时候你会随机遇到各种事件，完成可以获得等级提升和技能点。完成了各种任务后也会解锁不同的武器，这里说一下前期的副武器榴弹炮和后期的大狙都是神器，尤其是后来拿把重型狙击枪占领前哨站基本上全是在外围打黑枪全解决的。把哨站占领了之后会带来许多的方便的。快速旅行可以满地图的乱传送了，不过好多任务还是要跑跑路。玩了五十多个小时把能做的基本上都做完了，没有新任务这游戏也就基本上没啥乐趣了，因为到了后期基本上只要不作死都是死不了的了，而且装备精良做任务也没有啥压力了，一言不合就机枪狂扫，大炮乱炸。这游戏是在Uplay平台上运行的，是没有steam成就的，不过Uplay上也会解锁成就，同样能让人体会到完成成就的自豪感。目前不准备搞二周目，DLC也还没玩过，以后再说吧。想体验那种从零开始的异世界最后称王称霸的满足感的，就赶紧买买买吧！最后吐槽一下:对于手残党来说，香格里拉那五个特殊关卡(尤其是最后一关全程无存档点)真心是噩梦啊！！！
,Not Recommended,298110,34724077,Posted: 3 September,all,lifeoftim,no. r♥♥♥♥ off
,Recommended,298110,29813430,Posted: 9 February,all,True Pc King,good story and also user created maps are fun to play with friends
,Not Recommended,298110,34462986,Posted: 24 August,all,Chance,its a great game howevercons:it's a uplay gamethere is no co-op multiplayer for the campaign (makes no sense?)pros:if it weren't a uplay game i'd actually bother writing this out. You know what you're getting with this game.
,Not Recommended,298110,29921780,Posted: 14 February,all,アニメの女の子,♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,298110,13018207,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Stef,"Love the game, good follow up from FarCry 3, few minor bugs but sure as hell beats the crappy "" Assasins creed unity "" :)!"
76561197973654845,Not Recommended,298110,12990718,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,artproject,piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ forced mouse acceleration with forced aim assist on PC. I bought the game on PC so I don't want to use a ♥♥♥♥ing controller to play this♥♥♥♥♥♥sucker of a game. The performance is dog♥♥♥♥♥♥as well. I have an i7 2600k at 4.0 and a gtx 780 and I have to play on the lowest settings to get around 100 fps. On low settings this game looks similar to CS GO and CS GO is 100x better optimized than this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥Ubisoft ♥♥♥♥ed everyone in the♥♥♥♥♥that bought this trashcan of a game once again. Never buying another product from ♥♥♥♥♥♥soft.
76561197967003720,Not Recommended,298110,30085928,Posted: 21 February,all,Pluvius,"WARNING! Game very Unstable!!      Game played amazing for the first couple days, no problems no errors... now it crashes randomly every 15 minutes, sometimes will let me play for an hour maybehalf a day but It always hard Crashes I build a brand new gaming rig and even on ultra the game is smooth and does not lag but Hard Crashes my entire PC.. Have to hard restart and I cannot complete missions because It makes me restart from beggining and game crashes before I can finish.. This game is UNplayable and Ubisoft offeres no help or support.. Do not waste your money on this game for it will get you just past the refund period then start crashing... Bad bad game"
76561198358544983,Not Recommended,298110,32326307,Posted: 10 June,all,badboy79.rh,I bought this game and I still have not been able to play it because when I go to upload the game I get a black screen what am I suppossed to do
,Not Recommended,298110,24355736,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Volume.-,bad
76561198127543733,Not Recommended,298110,20150839,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,terminator,i cant even play the game
76561198286759395,Not Recommended,298110,33245033,Posted: 4 July,all,why...,IT DONT ♥♥♥♥ING WORK
76561198020558790,Not Recommended,298110,30354962,Posted: 6 March,all,JFT96,game runs poor when driving.
,Recommended,298110,15420051,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Niko Needs Trophies,http://www.twitch.tv/playl4d2http://www.twitch.tv/playl4d2http://www.twitch.tv/playl4d2http://www.twitch.tv/playl4d2http://www.twitch.tv/playl4d2http://www.twitch.tv/playl4d2http://www.twitch.tv/playl4d2http://www.twitch.tv/playl4d2http://www.twitch.tv/playl4d2http://www.twitch.tv/playl4d2http://www.twitch.tv/playl4d2http://www.twitch.tv/playl4d2http://www.twitch.tv/playl4d2http://www.twitch.tv/playl4d2http://www.twitch.tv/playl4d2http://www.twitch.tv/playl4d2http://www.twitch.tv/playl4d2http://www.twitch.tv/playl4d2http://www.twitch.tv/playl4d2http://www.twitch.tv/playl4d2http://www.twitch.tv/playl4d2http://www.twitch.tv/playl4d2http://www.twitch.tv/playl4d2http://www.twitch.tv/playl4d2http://www.twitch.tv/playl4d2http://www.twitch.tv/playl4d2http://www.twitch.tv/playl4d2http://www.twitch.tv/playl4d2http://www.twitch.tv/playl4d2http://www.twitch.tv/playl4d2http://www.twitch.tv/playl4d2http://www.twitch.tv/playl4d2http://www.twitch.tv/playl4d2http://www.twitch.tv/playl4d2http://www.twitch.tv/playl4d2http://www.twitch.tv/playl4d2http://www.twitch.tv/playl4d2http://www.twitch.tv/playl4d2http://www.twitch.tv/playl4d2http://www.twitch.tv/playl4d2http://www.twitch.tv/playl4d2http://www.twitch.tv/playl4d2http://www.twitch.tv/playl4d2http://www.twitch.tv/playl4d2http://www.twitch.tv/playl4d2http://www.twitch.tv/playl4d2http://www.twitch.tv/playl4d2http://www.twitch.tv/playl4d2http://www.twitch.tv/playl4d2http://www.twitch.tv/playl4d2http://www.twitch.tv/playl4d2http://www.twitch.tv/playl4d2http://www.twitch.tv/playl4d2http://www.twitch.tv/playl4d2http://www.twitch.tv/playl4d2http://www.twitch.tv/playl4d2http://www.twitch.tv/playl4d2http://www.twitch.tv/playl4d2http://www.twitch.tv/playl4d2http://www.twitch.tv/playl4d2http://www.twitch.tv/playl4d2http://www.twitch.tv/playl4d2http://www.twitch.tv/playl4d2http://www.twitch.tv/playl4d2
76561198117806970,Not Recommended,298110,33987127,Posted: 3 August,all,mccafferty.max,"2/10Literally farcry 3 with like nothing else,Guns are made unreasonably bad and enemy ai is somehow the worst but the best all at the same time (best as in they always spot you.)Silenced guns are way underpowered, don't really serve a purpose, and i mean, all around, gun immersion is 1/10 - Bullets hit their target in an instant.......Ubisoft should just cease to do this - Their doing this is a spit in the face to all gamers"
76561198110571901,Recommended,298110,14304368,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,bgray9054,"Great game. If you liked Far Cry 3, you'll enjoy this one as well. I've played this one through twice now, and it's just a blast.The only cons I can think of are the bugs - some have been fixed since launch, and others have not. Check out the forums here on Steam for fixes on stuttering (engine inefficiency), mouse movements, and the like.I'm fortunate enough to be able to play this game in Ultra HD resolutions (4k) and thsi game is gorgeous. Highly recommended."
76561197971414210,Not Recommended,298110,25694146,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Thadew,Very boring game
76561198102303446,Not Recommended,298110,25633729,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,BlOoDy TouCh,i sn open
76561198145593951,Not Recommended,298110,28139929,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Adea=Sexy,UPLAY IS BAD!!!
76561198307362267,Not Recommended,298110,30721994,Posted: 25 March,all,TheGingerNinja,I was looking so forward to playing this game! When it got to the first loading screen it would crash. There was no patch for it and steam and ubisoft did not help me out so I had to refund it. I was so looking forward to playing.
,Recommended,298110,23679536,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Buzz,so'kay not great
,Recommended,298110,19374773,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Neko-Nomikon,"Really good. Nice plot and gameplay, utterly beautiful graphics AND, AND, AND!Yeti DLC."
,Recommended,298110,26298515,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Hydrox,Uplay is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198059448590,Not Recommended,298110,19136350,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,csgolive.com Cole,"Errytime I pass by Far Cry 4  I dream that it is fallout 4, then I wake from my slumber and dreams and cry the most luchess of tears over my computer. 1 like = 1 tearplz give me Fallout 4 Gaben... plz..."
76561198120276416,Not Recommended,298110,27865823,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,HaloTruck,i do not recomend this game for one reason and that is because there is a likly chance that the game will only give yo ua black screen and there is no clear way on how to fix it.
,Recommended,298110,12991196,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Gabenfoodle,"OI!NO TEXTING AT THE TABLE!Also, The Gospel of 1911. Revolations 7+1 mother ♥♥♥♥ers""Its like Skyrim, with Elphants. 10/10 IGN""For a more cereal review, well, here's the short version. Its good. Satisfied? Also, Ubi, you gave us a decent port. Good Job. Fix Unity  and get rid of Uplay and you've got yourselves a happy camper."
,Not Recommended,298110,12993947,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Smokey [.CBF.],"OVERPRICEDNot a fan. For a game that wasnt meant to be a port, sure does feel like one. Not sure why it's so hard to get the basics like mouse acceleration and basic smooth frame rates right. Pretty sure I watched the non-skippable 5 minute intro about 10 times. Thanks for that. Thanks also for having to install U-Play. I don't want it and I don't need it. Maybe you should just keep it? The story is weak so far, as is the action, I've set it to 'hard', but maybe it should read 'boring'. At this stage, not much inclination to keep playing. As they say, don't throw good money after bad, and time is money. My $75 is gone and it's not coming back. Should I bother spending more time? I found Alien:Isolation to be a lot more engaging and a trouble-free experience (plus it was cheaper / better value).My Rig:Gigabyte GTX780i7-4770 @ 3.4GHz32GB RAMDriver: 344.75"
,Recommended,298110,24026785,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,◊ Stethan 李祤傑,Before I played:＼＼ ＿＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)<　⌒ヽ/ 　 へ＼/　　/　＼＼ﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ/　//　/|(　(ヽ|　|、＼| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /`ノ )　　LﾉAfter I played:＼＼ ＿＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)<　⌒ヽ/ 　 へ＼/　　/　＼＼ﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ/　//　/|(　(ヽ|　|、＼| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /`ノ )　　Lﾉ
,Not Recommended,298110,20414629,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,the hollywood hootsman,my name is nolan and think this game is cRAP
,Not Recommended,298110,32703404,Posted: 23 June,all,Waifu Body Pillow,"For something that's as trivial as just getting the game to run that is not something this game does well. Like, in any aspect.Want to run borderless? ""NOPE. ♥♥♥♥ YOU. YOU GET A 4K RES ON AN 1080 RES MONITOR"".Want to close the game? ""NO. ♥♥♥♥ YOU. YOU GET A BLACK SCREEN FOR ETERNITY.""Want a solution to these problems? ""NOPE. ♥♥♥♥ YOU. WE HAVE YOUR MONEY. NOW PLS ♥♥♥♥ OFF PLS KTHANKSBAI.""On a serious note, I'm hardcore contemplating returning this for Dishonored 2. Will update if I decided to do that."
76561198132985932,Not Recommended,298110,30742925,Posted: 25 March,all,Andrew_WOT,After 3 years on a top of poor optimization the game still freezes and crashes constantly. Typical Ubisoft.
76561198100237709,Not Recommended,298110,13002021,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Slick Daddy,0/10 BUGY TRASH MADE BY UNWORTHY GARBAGE
,Not Recommended,298110,12992916,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Tepelstreeltje,"Bought on a pre-order, psyched when it pre-loaded, started it on release day ...nothing. Black screen which is not responding. To the forums then.Apparently, FC4 can not handle most USB devices. I unplugged my Sytek Evo Force and TrackIR 5.Still no go. I can apparently only play this KB + mouse game without  KB+mouse installed.Ubisoft: FACEPALM!"
76561198144816879,Not Recommended,298110,33030292,Posted: 30 June,all,SubSonicBoom,"if you like far cry 3 scene for scene and you want to pay money for a texture pack for the game, this is the dlc for you"
76561198043518980,Not Recommended,298110,12997566,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,gawd19692005,Sure would love to review the game but cant play it hit the any key and crash everytime
,Recommended,298110,13042969,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,EliteUkrainian(УПА),So ♥♥♥♥ing awesome game !!Very love it !!!
,Recommended,298110,30851319,Posted: 31 March,all,♥ Great Goddess Guri 💕,Is good!
76561198178510119,Not Recommended,298110,25001461,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,TheFishKing,"Great game, would recommend it, but have to leave a negative review because of one soul crushing reason...Uplay"
,Not Recommended,298110,24500080,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,saltimbanque,Mostly terrible
76561198046675266,Recommended,298110,29926163,Posted: 14 February,all,Dustin,"A huge improvement from FarCry 3.First off, your character isn't a whiny p*ssy like before. He does talk (which is a drastic change from the regular FPS') but FINALLY we have a realistic character you can connect with.Second, every element from FC3 is in this game, except more sh*t and everything wrong with 3 fixed.There's nothing that keeps you going. Missions are repetitive, you don't feel encouraged to go on. Nothing in this game will want to you to play it over and over.Honestly f*ck FarCry3, skip it and just play this one, but in saying that, FarCry 1 is still the best.7/10"
76561198016276776,Recommended,298110,12995937,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,#Picks#WeeWooWeeWooWeeWooWeeWoo,Shot a wolf in the brain and it mauled me. 9/10 good game. Would overlook stupid gimmicks and leaps in logic again.
,Not Recommended,298110,32500404,Posted: 17 June,all,九灵,70/100。游戏方式完全复制farcry3。无线电塔改了个名字叫钟塔，技能也一模一样，地图也和上一代一样都是植被没什么新意；反而失去了fc3宏大的地下世界。探险性大大降低。没有阴森恐怖的洞穴，没有一点恐怖的元素。哪怕是藏传佛教里的邪神一个都没有。古藏区用人皮作画(唐卡)和用活人头骨作法器也没有展现，对藏区的描写还不如鬼吹灯；游戏冗长，任务重复性太高，打到第二个地图都没啥打下去的动力；bug很多，感觉游戏公司好像糊弄着交了一篇作业一样。本人掉出地图两次、卡墙(山)里两次、卡住动不了一次、该爬上去的地方怎么也爬不上一处、该钩住的地方钩不住一处、一个箱子捡不了、一个地点探索不了；为数不多好玩的地方：骑大象、喜马拉雅雪景、香格里拉勉强算(因为色彩太艳丽，视觉疲劳)、还有喜马拉雅上的皇家监狱、美国特务的任务。最后游戏进度92%+ 收集了全部要素(转经筒、海报、日记、信、面具、宝箱)、探索所有地点。
76561198214944925,Not Recommended,298110,25341422,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,skilled player,bei Far Cry 4 ist immer noch ein problem. wenn man das Spiel startet ist nur schwarzer bildschirm zu sehendas sollte eigentlich mit dem neusten update reperiert werden. Ich bin sehr entäuscht.
76561198041328002,Recommended,298110,23685763,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,GretigeVent,"Before I played:＼＼ ＿＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)<　⌒ヽ/ 　 へ＼/　　/　＼＼ﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ/　//　/|(　(ヽ|　|、＼| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /`ノ )　　LﾉAfter I played:／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　 　ム｀ヽ/ ノ) 　）　ヽ/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ._,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡)"
76561197999103296,Not Recommended,298110,26059224,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Victor Angelino,i'll put this  VERY simply;DO    NOT    BUY    THIS    BROKEN    PIECE    OF    GARBAGE    !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,298110,13025843,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,.Ż. Dathus [BR],"This is a good game, Is not good as Far Cry 3 when was launched, It uses a lot of Far Cry 3 mechanics, Introduced very few new mechanics.The end killing Pagan Min is very disappointing!Overall is a good game, but is like a ""Reskin"" of Far Cry 3, It is not Exciting as Far Cry 3 but Still you can spend 30 hours on it.I give 8/10."
,Recommended,298110,27929961,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,The Creature From Mud Lagoon,"I dislike this game, but I like the fact that it takes place in a real country."
76561198043732008,Not Recommended,298110,31747089,Posted: 14 May,all,Slee,It took me off my account and now I cant play it. Does anyone know how to fix it? Thanks
76561197998197307,Recommended,298110,22990246,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Small dick; Fat tits,why am i not black in this game
,Not Recommended,298110,20145686,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,mkess,Does not even start.
76561198158587216,Not Recommended,298110,23471230,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,autokill99,i domt know how to recive a product code for uplay and i check my emails and there is no code recived to me!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,298110,25813921,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Teddy,"Good map editor ruined by a 12 year old community that follows the likes of some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ screamer SqueakLord on youtube ""jacksepticeye"". He's a thoroughly unenjoyable ♥♥♥♥♥ with a thoroughly moronic following, and the map system is flooded with moronic maps that all have his name plastered on them.These maps are all unanimously horrible. They usually involve invincibility, zero effort in mapmaking, a bunch of weapons and about 500 enemies. The most low-effort, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ maps ever to exist in far cry are all thanks to jack and his squeaker army.The main map wasn't made by squeakers or squawkers, but by devs getting paid. And If you look hard enough, you can even find some decent maps by people like COLD_BLAST which look even better than Kyrat itself, although in smaller chunks at a time (maps have a size limit).The game's good though. You should get it."
,Recommended,298110,13000553,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Empathy KING,"First of all (and this is very important) if you do not have an up-to-date high end pc with all of the bells and whistles (motherboard, ram and graphics card) then do not even attempt to buy this game. I have been reading to many reviews where people are saying that this game is broke! It is not broke, it just requires a really high end pc.That said... this game rocks! It is everything that FC3 is and much more. The in game menus and interface have been spruced up, the graphics are several steps above FC3 and the story line has a more spiritual feel to it. Thank God there are no rich-prick a$$ holes in your party this rip! I have only played it about 2 hours and I just had to stop so I could write this review and let everyone know that this game is not at all broken. If you have a top-notch rig then you have nothing to worry about... The game will run fine as it does on my system. You will be blown away at how beautiful your surroundings are and just how real Kyrat feels. It is ashame that not everyone can play this game. The only draw back is that the game does require a super high end pc because not everyone can afford to buy one. If you don't have a nice system then I suggest you buy yourself an XBox One or PS4... They are ten times cheaper than a gaming rig and you still get beautiful graphics at great frame rates. Times are changing and it seems that all games are gonna be going to super high res graphics which require ""Next Gen"" machines to play them. If you liked FC3 then you will love FC4... If your PC can handle it! FC4 is a beast of RAM ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and your gonna have to take your rig to the moon if ya wanna play FC4 properly with no lag! Sorry, but thats the way the cookie crumbles."
76561198067338682,Not Recommended,298110,12997969,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,HiThisIsNick,"It doesn't start up! If I could play the game I might recommend it, but the only help I have recived is to unpug all my usb devices. Even if that worked (doesn't work) It still would not make me recommend this game. Enjoy my 60 bucks Ubisoft."
76561198023889112,Not Recommended,298110,12990558,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Squashie,Seems good. unfortunatley mouse controls are unplayable as it stutters and jitters. Wasted money can't play.
76561198026763833,Not Recommended,298110,13022251,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Ruf,Before paly Far Cry 4 I run Far Cry 3 on max settings just to feel the difference.Hardware:Intel Core i7 - 4790K - 4.4GhzCorsair 16Gb - 2400MhzOCZ Revo Drive - 120GbRADEON R9 295X2 8gb (overclocked 1070 Mhz )27 inch monitor 2560 x 1440FarCry 3 - average fps 120FarCry 4 - average fps 40 and drops down to 30 fps  (antialiasing - off) (antialiasing 8x - 15 fps)I would understnd if game graphic was 2 - 3 times better.To be honest FarCry 4 looks the same or even worse.  I expected much more from this game. I feel I want my money back.
76561197995837859,Not Recommended,298110,32661085,Posted: 22 June,all,darvis72,so basically because i have.............windows 10intel xeon processor . multi core.nvidia GTX titan x ...........i cannot run this game?????????????????????????can someone at ubisoft explain to me why after launching the game 3 years ago they never felt compelled to patch the game so that it run on windows 10 or multi core processor computer?please enlight me .
,Recommended,298110,12988428,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,.Вучковић,‌‌‌‌‌‌‌‌‌‌‌‌‌‌‌‌‌
76561198051161529,Not Recommended,298110,30315712,Posted: 4 March,all,Snugglepuss,Crashes every 10-15 minutes on 6700K and 980 Ti SLI. Copy-paste of Far Cry 3. Refunded.
76561197971357169,Recommended,298110,13886940,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Qune,.
76561198045512218,Not Recommended,298110,25048104,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Bl0wUrFace,camera wall hack no thank you
,Recommended,298110,14473333,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Ben,"All the people saying this is just an expansion for Far Cry 3 haven't played Far Cry 3. This is a completely different game with so many more features. It's a brilliant experience - I'll admit £50 is a lot for a game but I have no regrets paying it for this. Completely immersive, a huge map, loads of content, tons of stuff to do, and smooth gameplay all round. Good going Ubisoft, you should be proud of this one, not the mess that has been every Assassin's Creed game since Brotherhood."
,Not Recommended,298110,12994646,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Vindeso,can't even open the game. 10/10
76561197975294760,Not Recommended,298110,12990919,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Smash,"*******well seems that with the patch to fix keyboard and mouse stability they messed something up a perfect fix to make the game run good is to go adjust your number of pre-rendered frames in AMD/ or Nvidia control center. game runs no problem after that. Thank the guy on reddit that figured that out*******Well what do I say. Most people will find this laggy even when tuned down to low and my two hours in have netted me two crashs, haven't had that in a while.......  Story probably good - graphics same as FarCry3 really so good. Laggy and chuggy yep! I find it unplayble in its current state, its just not enjoyable with the lag three steps forward one back kind of thing...Sufficent play testing would have shown that. and before the responeses my gaming machine by alienware at $4000 + plus plays the s**t out of most games, this is a first (on this machine) . Shame shame ubi soft.I would recommend this game  other than this very important point! :trainbowbarf:A good visual idea would be a cracked out robot with concrete galoshes** did a little research seems ubi soft does do AMD card well **** same issues peolple are having with AC unity **"
,Recommended,298110,14405272,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Brin,"HOLY ♥♥♥♥ING BALL SACKS IN FORT KNOX. IS THIS THE FOURTH INSTALLMENT IN THE FAR CRY SERIES? YOU BET YOUR GOD DAMNED♥♥♥♥♥ON THE STREETS TO PAY FOR IT IT IS. WHAT HAS BEEN UPDATED FROM THE THIRD? I DON'T ♥♥♥♥ING KNOW THERE'S ELEPHANTS AND♥♥♥♥♥♥ AND A LITTLE TWIRLY WHIRLY LAWN MOWER YOU CAN RIDE IN THE SKY. THAT'S RIGHT, INSTEAD OF MOWING THE LAWN YOU CAN MOW SOME OPPRESSIVE♥♥♥♥♥♥LORDS. BRING DEMOCRACY AND FREEDOM TO THIS ♥♥♥♥ED UP LAND, DON'T LIKE TWIRLY WHIRLYS AND ELEPHANTS? WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥'S WRONG WITH YOU? ANYWAY, YOU SILLY♥♥♥♥♥♥THERE'S STILL MORE♥♥♥♥♥♥LIKE A GOD DAMNED SPEEDY BUGGY THING THAT GOES AFSTER THAN SONIC ON CRACK. LIKE BIG BOUNCING♥♥♥♥♥♥ GO STARE AT THEM AT THE ARENA. ARE YOU ♥♥♥♥ING STILL READING THIS? WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ DUDE BUY IT GOD DAMN IT OR YOU'RE A TERRORIST. A FREEDOM, ELEPHANT, TWIRLY WHIRLY HATING ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. GET YOUR ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥(OR YOUR♥♥♥♥♥♥HEY I DON'T JUDGE) OUT OF YOUR GOD DAMN HAND, AND WASD THE♥♥♥♥♥♥OUT OF THIS., UNTIL YOUR FINGERS BLEED."
,Not Recommended,298110,30224126,Posted: 27 February,all,Luke,I think FC3 is way better.
,Not Recommended,298110,31982754,Posted: 26 May,all,PaltrySun,Don't buy if you plan on getting any performace out of the sli. Spent most of my play time working out kinks that Nivida and Ubisoft didn't.
,Recommended,298110,21003775,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Derp ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"Bought the game, started to play 4hrs straight with all settings on ULTRA. Maaaaaan this game is beast. No regrets at all. Well done Ubi.The only cons in this game is controller. It's unplayable with controller so better to use K/M"
,Not Recommended,298110,22856205,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Billythekid88,"Seems nvidia gets priority once again, I have an amd card that maxes out all games that nvidia has no involvement with. I'm sick of the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t these money hungry♥♥♥♥♥♥heads do to get you to buy their product. Are you scared AMD is cable of surpassing you, you sound like you are. I will no longer be buying any games where nvidia has prime say in what goes! >>>Game only works with nvidia cards <<<"
76561198066014393,Not Recommended,298110,33272279,Posted: 5 July,all,Strompy,This game is trash in basically every respect.
76561198120626667,Not Recommended,298110,29470519,Posted: 24 January,all,6thBestSwimmerInPA,"dead game, had terrible frame rate, just an♥♥♥♥♥game in general."
76561198293412905,Not Recommended,298110,31692732,Posted: 11 May,all,NoHart - jellybelly588,Wouldnt install and i nevre got refund f this!!
76561198078551717,Not Recommended,298110,34515271,Posted: 26 August,all,kq_44,Black screen...
76561198175426887,Not Recommended,298110,25538945,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Björne(TFASF)Hellcase.com,Bad game cant play it inte only shows black screen and after i have closted it down it say that im still playing it :(
,Not Recommended,298110,30663264,Posted: 21 March,all,Lt.Bicko,Sound didn't work. Tried multiple fixes. Didn't work
,Recommended,298110,32870635,Posted: 27 June,all,Vix,.
,Not Recommended,298110,30301838,Posted: 3 March,all,Nikandros,A more annoying version of Far Cry 3.
76561198214834911,Not Recommended,298110,24028438,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,WearyWeevil1683,If you hate unskippable cutscenes that can't even be paused. (YEAH THEY CAN'T EVEN BE PAUSED.) Don't even consider getting this game. Requesting a refund shortly.
76561197971465038,Not Recommended,298110,30310448,Posted: 4 March,all,Hipi,"I have played single player game only, so I cannot say how multiplayer game goes. Also I will throw this game out from my lists right about now so my game experience is and will remain a bit short.First time that I logged to game I tought that intro was waaaay too long, well another time that I started game over, I realized that you cannot skip intro even on second start and that 5 mins discussing chit-chat /shooting session is really annoying and stupid.Also normal log in takes time as there is longer ""mandatory"" animated logos, 4 of them even...Game looks good in ultra resolution, even a bit too detailed to be honest. With ultra resolution enemies remain hidden behing bushes (as you can see every single leave. Therefore enemies are almost impossible to detect without binocular/camera (that makes enemies visible even behind the walls, like in other parts of serie). Bullets also seem to stop on leaves. Also when you shoot enemies from range above 150 meters with sharp shooting rifle and even aim looks to be perfect, you will hit enemy like 25% of the time, rest of the time they manage to dodge. Due you shooting every other enemy detects you. Enemies are using AK-47 from distanse easily 300 meters and they DO kill you with one burst. So if you enter to dogfight with more than 4 enemies, you will get killed if you dont use heavy machine gun (yep, machine gun is more effective than sniper rifle that you are able to buy in early phase). And stupiest thing ever is that in a middle of dogfight EAGLES are ataccing you from clear sky. Ftf, Eagles do not attack people, ever IRL, what is this?I have used withing another parts of this serie that you can study enemy movements (with binoculars) before planning your attac and you will survive normally with in first try even on hard settings. Well, not in this game, not even the normal mode. Enemy aiming is superior compared to you. Enemy have unlimited ammo, so more or less, it takes multiple tries before you can complete even quite simple task and that is really frustrating.If you just wonder around and collect loot, towers or masks, soon you notice that all them are similar, no challenge, just takes time.VOICES is game are sooo annoying. Females are crying all the time, your allies are shooting in air so you cannot hear if there is fight going on or are they just wasting ammo. Civilians are chit-chatting (with African acsent) all the time. And, obiously, player cannot turn any of these sounds off...Even your character itself makes discusting sounds i.e. when skinning animals, luckily that animation can be set off so noice is gone too.And as I said in beginning, I have not played co-op or multiplayer. Maybe co-op is worth testing if you like that kind of game."
,Not Recommended,298110,30780251,Posted: 27 March,all,ASIANSTREETMEAT The Exploited,"OMG NOOO!!! JUST, NO. Thought gameplay was gonna be similar to Dead Island/Riptide; it is not! OMG non optional quests... say waaaaa?!?!?   Manditory Cut Scenes (WTF) All Day OMFG!!!!!!!!!!!! Can't take it.  No saving! You cannot save your game!!  Seriously, any swag you collected right before you died, gone! Just gone!!!!PHAWKK THIS SH!Ti"
,Recommended,298110,30296260,Posted: 3 March,all,ShadowYarak,veri gud gaem m8 veri fun
76561198218508463,Not Recommended,298110,34133524,Posted: 9 August,all,halonite6996,"Too many steps to be able to play, ubisoft needs to stop making games"
76561198271127303,Not Recommended,298110,32338961,Posted: 11 June,all,Taco lover 2017,bla
76561198045506656,Not Recommended,298110,23783787,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Overlord,when i start it just crashes!
76561198056903684,Not Recommended,298110,12991704,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,superbesch,Nice Work developers... The game doesn`t even start ! Patch won´t download...
,Recommended,298110,24969250,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Citizen_Kane,1/10 lacks enough bugs to qualify as an Ubisoft game
,Not Recommended,298110,28774417,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,WarChortle,Hated it.
,Not Recommended,298110,35197829,Posted: 25 September,all,rastarat,"Everything is too busy. The animals are everywhere and constantly killing each other. The machine gun wielding npcs that congregate in every clearing blast away at packs of dogs, cats, and killer eagles constantly. It creates a constant din of machince gun fire, gurgling death rattles, and screams for help. Can't I just enjoy the sun dapple through the trees for one moment?Just like FC3 I spent the first hour poaching animals to buy decent equipment. Why are we shooting rhinos in 2017?Just play FC2, everything after that has been lipstick on a pig."
,Recommended,298110,12995490,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,tight little butthole,i like it butt it wasnt half as good as garfield the tail of two kittys
,Not Recommended,298110,12993108,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Johnny Magma Cum,"First AC Unity now this i Fear my library is terminaly ill now of ubisoft games. The cancer started in my prostate now its in my heart and brain.0.0000000000/10 Quote on quote ""would ♥♥♥♥ customers again and again""Ubisoft is making me want to live ""soft"" aka deadFlat trees crushed my heart to live. :("
,Not Recommended,298110,12990527,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Lord Cthulhu,I love how they captured the realism of how choppy real life is.Do not get this game.
76561198140879398,Not Recommended,298110,12992815,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,possposs,"I was keen to play this, after owning Far Cry 3 I was rather excited. That was a great game which I played on my play station 3 a few years back. Sadly I can't recommend this due to the fact that the game is not even loadable using their third party software (uplay). I was okay to buy the game through steam, it would've been easier to just maintain it through that.A $4,500 gaming pc just sitting here waiting to explore the areas of Kyrat... Well soon hopefully."
,Not Recommended,298110,34005457,Posted: 3 August,all,gg ez,"if you like pre-rendered, non-interactive, unskippable, feature-length cutscenes, this is for you."
,Not Recommended,298110,32913847,Posted: 27 June,all,Mafian_722,Don't buy Ubisoft products as this game is revoked and unable to play. WARNING: Your won't get any refunds if you buy it or any other Ubisoft products.
,Not Recommended,298110,30326244,Posted: 4 March,all,Stanky Pant Creamson,the sound quailty is the saddly the fingernails against a chock board in an otherwise respectable game
,Not Recommended,298110,30655987,Posted: 21 March,all,SickB,"Beware before you buy this game, this is full of this lazy s h i t.I´m stuck on a stupid mission now where there are 1000 of guards evywhere and when even 1 spots you it´s over.The best of all, Checkpoints? No Sir, play the whole 10 minutes crawl around bull s h i t again!I give this game a few minutes and then i go play something better for a better use of my time.Stay away of this bull s h i t game"
,Not Recommended,298110,23380107,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Updatte,"Far cry 4 stop working, ♥♥♥♥ it, i cant turn on this game, like 90% community."
76561198307097031,Not Recommended,298110,32784195,Posted: 25 June,all,titopolly,"The fps gets to low, and is just fun with that kind of fps( Im getting 10-13 fps)"
76561198036216963,Not Recommended,298110,32666607,Posted: 22 June,all,smokincatfood,Does not run on:i7 4790GTX 1070 SCBlack screen on startup then process crashes.
,Not Recommended,298110,24583017,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Bear nigga,How do you ♥♥♥♥ up so badly that your game doesn't have sound at all????
,Recommended,298110,25015336,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,cemkansu,bjergcock
76561198115812513,Not Recommended,298110,25877206,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,King Skywhale,"Alright, so this would be a GREAT game if you had a console, but on a lot of computers it just lags, and the controls are awkward. Unless you have a super-computer, get this for console or buy another game."
76561197997611677,Not Recommended,298110,30747881,Posted: 26 March,all,charelvisser,hij doet het niet
,Not Recommended,298110,32262404,Posted: 8 June,all,NUT,Horrible ♥♥♥♥ing game
,Not Recommended,298110,30329680,Posted: 4 March,all,Overzealous Cop,"This game is absolute garbage. It honestly feels like I'm playing a game that's still in the early alpha stages and has a long way to go with balancing.I have to give them credit for trying to create a world that's ""alive,"" or whatever, but it NEVER plays out in a fun or satisfying way. Wanna buy/sell something? Oops, an eagle(???) killed the merchant out of nowhere just as you were about to talk to him. Spent two hours hunting and crafting and finally found that rare item? Well, your allies are going to run you over, and your progress is going to be reset.This game honestly feels like a Grand Theft Auto with all of the most chaotic cheats turned on, and while that sort of thing CAN be funny and/or entertaining for awhile, it doesn't exactly make a playable ""game"" per se.I got this game for $15 and I'm still♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥enough to write a review."
76561198075604050,Not Recommended,298110,30303670,Posted: 3 March,all,carrienapier,"game will not start up,even though my play time is recorded as 909.5 hrs.start page comes up blank and have to use Alt+f4 to close down, and then come out of steam to stop FC4 running .Have never had this trouble with any other steam linked game.not happy!"
76561198320441327,Not Recommended,298110,28697405,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Dustpan,doesn't work at all on my core i7 dell computer. it keeps saying it stopped working when trying to get into the game. it would be nice if Ubisoft actually made games that work.
76561198050169004,Not Recommended,298110,25405630,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Galious,"So developers,.. lets talk for a minute.  You completely reproduced the exact same repedative game play as the previous game.  Seriously?, you suck, your game sucks, give up.  Put down the keyboards and just walk away.  I really tried to like this game but no,.. just no."
76561198024353648,Not Recommended,298110,30307514,Posted: 3 March,all,Prkl_,Lucky there is the refund option.
76561198133194194,Not Recommended,298110,23806952,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,JAMS,"DO NOT BUY. This game is the worst game I have ever seen be ported from console to PC. The mouse controls are impossible and the mouse lag oh my god it makes the game impossible to play. Spend your money on something better people, this game is horrendously bad half ported console piece of sh!t"
76561198355378455,Not Recommended,298110,28733377,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Mork,wont work. waste of 15 dollars.
76561198091599512,Not Recommended,298110,26407928,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Vyyrakk,"Spent 3-4 Hours on a City battle map, Crashed and it didn't save.This is strong enough to provoke a negative review!"
,Not Recommended,298110,34807981,Posted: 7 September,all,dick_21x6cm,-
76561198193070161,Not Recommended,298110,32525943,Posted: 17 June,all,Dankasorusrex,Dident even load the 2h I have are from the loading srceen
76561198183354427,Recommended,298110,23722400,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Day.PIe,"This game is very good, everypony  can try this game XD，But,this game is not a lot of sex scenes.:（PS: this game is Luna for me to buy，So I have time to accompany her to play，I have no choice :(I should let Twilight buy a play ,We can be very happy ; ) ._princess molestia"
,Not Recommended,298110,25024267,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Feline Disrespect,"Very buggy, couldn't even get past the tutorial because nothing in the game worked as intended. Got my refund tho. Buy at own risk"
76561198322325829,Not Recommended,298110,30344876,Posted: 5 March,all,|SG| ApolloT21,I would like refund
,Recommended,298110,12990458,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Captain ObviLex,It worked on my mac fine using bootcamp but when I got it on the Pc it wont launch does anyone have a solution cause Ive tried heaps of different ones but I you know any that do work please tell me :(But yes it is a amazing game
76561198045719336,Not Recommended,298110,12990719,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Katia,"Mouse smoothing is on, horrible mouse lag accross screen. Getting 50-60 fps on MEDIUM settings. Couldn't get past prologue mission. Until its patched do not waste money on this dogshit called Far Cry 4."
76561198018922562,Not Recommended,298110,34089597,Posted: 7 August,all,Elefant Füße,8/10
76561198088811209,Not Recommended,298110,30566697,Posted: 17 March,all,Nemoto,bad game
76561198046078166,Not Recommended,298110,25227819,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Galecko,The racism in this game is so offensive
,Not Recommended,298110,33022219,Posted: 29 June,all,Gamer And Yeah,game sux
,Recommended,298110,12989428,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,The Mountain Area Bushman,"The game is so awesome, put simply, to beat the experience I would have to go to the Himalayas and venture in to some remote country I've never heard of and brave its harsh mountainous regions in search of Shangri La.11/10"
76561198015503910,Recommended,298110,24043693,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,MS. Green Label,Love it...
76561198039948325,Not Recommended,298110,30331837,Posted: 4 March,all,jguralny,Don't even want to try playing!  The Far cry 3 program was so screwed up that I've decided not to ever download another ubisoft program.  Burnt with early Tom clancy programs that caused all sorts of computer glitches.  Don't think these people intend to pass off anything worth your hard earned money.
,Recommended,298110,15232098,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Pavel R,"Good, very good"
,Not Recommended,298110,33167297,Posted: 2 July,all,Not Galaxy,This game wasnt good. They tried to make it like 3 but failed.
76561198088055533,Not Recommended,298110,31591584,Posted: 6 May,all,A Massive Cock,Do you enjoy being detected in cover? Do you enjoy dying over and over to random damage takes while wing suiting? Do you enjoy being kicked from games because of the uplay servers? Do you not being able to heal in fire fights which cause you to die?Well if you're self-hating moron then this is the game for you!
76561198115390570,Not Recommended,298110,30335694,Posted: 5 March,all,TAIG_BASTERD,"crashes every hour or so and at the end of every shangri la level it crashes and i should be able to play this with 2 sli gtx 970's(don't even start, nerds). ♥♥♥♥ing take your femenism and multicuturalism and ♥♥♥♥ing die"
,Not Recommended,298110,34297346,Posted: 16 August,all,"Nick Polom, The Cafeteria Worker",cant ♥♥♥♥ing skip cutscenes ruins the literal entire game
,Not Recommended,298110,23940176,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,A Rejected Fox,Not as good as Far Cry 3 so if you liked 3 and think its got to be as good as that YOU'RE WRONG!I would say get blood dragon instead that was fun
,Not Recommended,298110,33095255,Posted: 1 July,all,Karelin,"Unable to skip intro, unable to skip videos. It's bad PC port with strange keymappings. Don't buy this."
76561198453960337,Not Recommended,298110,25035617,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,luicaliber15,it lagged way to much
76561198122080073,Not Recommended,298110,23753855,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,FEEDERS GONNA FEED,"The fps is poop on my computer and couldnt get a refund, so i decided to swallow the cost and play it anyway after i was immersed in how much i got out of this 3-d shooter game despite it being played like i was bullet timing everything from how stupid slow everything on my screen moved. I tried everything to fix that but either way its an immersable game and you'll enjoy travelling around and busting up helicopters and convoys and doing assasination missions.Basically make sure right off the bat that your computer can handle the requirements and refund it if its running too slow. Overall, the game would be a 3/10 for my experience with it being laggy as poop."
76561198052213166,Not Recommended,298110,32021495,Posted: 28 May,all,Floating Dust,"1) It is fun until i entered Shangri la, i only have a knife, and a lame tiger to defeat many demons. I thought i bought a shooter game? The shangrila part is super fustrating, the bosses are difficult. I would give it a 2/5 stars for this game, and would not recommend it.2) The co-op only allows 1 player to join you, and it takes awhile for the loading. So alot of time spent on loading.3) There is no clothing customization, the customization for the weapons are minimum (imo)4) It is lame to hunt animals to craft bags... And some animals dont spawn at the spawn area. you have to youtube to find certain animals."
76561198080476145,Not Recommended,298110,25017009,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Sir Jew,Unable to open a door in the first building of the game to lead me to continue the game.
,Not Recommended,298110,33574745,Posted: 15 July,all,Scoochie,The mean guy in the game is not white. The good guy in the game is white. White = good. Non white = evil.
,Not Recommended,298110,33166440,Posted: 2 July,all,Parrot,NUNCA TERMINEI
,Not Recommended,298110,30338721,Posted: 5 March,all,Louco,"I cant even open the game, do not buy. You just get a black screen and you can hear the audio but its a black screen and you can do♥♥♥♥♥♥ Don't waste your money on this garbage, no wonder is was 60% off. 0/10"
76561198065782394,Not Recommended,298110,12989595,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,sL1ck ♨,"""Day 2"" after release,still can't play this game,when i start the game,get ""Black Screen"" and ""Not Responding"" problem (T_T)I think after the experience of Assassins cread unity,Ubisoft learn to improve his game made,I've downloaded the day 1 patch, but still can not solve the problem,I still can't play this game,very sad, seeing developers like Ubisoft,do the same error in two games that they release in one week,AC Unity and Far Cry 4.maybe this is the last Ubisoft game I bought,I will not buy they games until Ubisoft learn to respect consumers who buy their games,they want to play this game normal,not as a display in their library list, because it can not be played.note:""I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS GAME""my system:#i7 3770#Corsair 16GB RAM#MSI Lightning 780 GTX#Samsung Pro 256SSD""with this system,still i can't play this game""( 1/10 )"
76561198272349357,Not Recommended,298110,31211914,Posted: 17 April,all,Algau1,¯\_(ツ)_/¯ don't mind me but don't work whit window 10 so...this is bulshit...Yea yea you might say *HOW DA HELL DID YU PLAY DAT GAME FOR 19 HOURS HEN???*Well...I just lie ¯\_(ツ)_/¯         :P ¯\_(ツ)_/¯¯\_(ツ)_/¯¯\_(ツ)_/¯¯\_(ツ)_/¯¯\_(ツ)_/¯¯\_(ツ)_/¯¯\_(ツ)_/¯¯\_(ツ)_/¯¯\_(ツ)_/¯¯\_(ツ)_/¯¯\_(ツ)_/¯DAMN YU GET RECKT¯\_(ツ)_/¯¯\_(ツ)_/¯¯\_(ツ)_/¯¯\_(ツ)_/¯¯\_(ツ)_/¯¯\_(ツ)_/¯¯\_(ツ)_/¯¯\_(ツ)_/¯¯\_(ツ)_/¯¯\_(ツ)_/¯¯\_(ツ)_/¯¯\_(ツ)_/¯
,Not Recommended,298110,23163098,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,hatty,i hate video games
,Not Recommended,298110,33150406,Posted: 2 July,all,EggRoll,game is garbage in terms of story ♥♥♥♥ing waste o money. . .
76561198037934205,Not Recommended,298110,25838253,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,xStrategystx,My Laptop Can't run it..
,Recommended,298110,12981153,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,kat,"wtf i cant walk properly LOLedit: i can walk now, this game owns boys, i 360 noscoped a guy with a throwing knife it's just like cowadoody"
76561198016613214,Not Recommended,298110,12989059,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Ranch Dubois,"Developers lying to consumers has become far too common, far cry 4 is no exeption. Game needs a patch for me to even consider trying to play it on my 5000$ pc.I suspect a dark future for pc gaming. Everything is developed for consoles first and developers have no issue charging top money for scaled-down console games on pc, and their marketing is lying about almost everything at the same time... f**k you, all of you, liars.I do not care how much they are ""gonna patch"" it, that is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t."
,Not Recommended,298110,12981724,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Ruazihtlab,"Do not buy in its current condition, i've barely been able to get into the game due to the horrible mouse settings, this game is designed for controllers and needs to be patched, until then avoid this purchase."
,Recommended,298110,30412604,Posted: 9 March,all,Balabolka,o jogo é otimo mas tem muitos bugs que acabam com a diversao no meu caso eu tive o pior bug de todos ele faz o jogador não conseguir salvar mesmo reiniciando-o por completo divertido mas com esse bug me faz querer fazer rembolso
76561198084079511,Recommended,298110,30431931,Posted: 10 March,all,pressure☯KING,As good as Far Cry 3
,Recommended,298110,30419792,Posted: 9 March,all,Владимир Путин,Very good game with alot of replayibility not to hard to upgarde but the enemys in the winter missions and paigans elite units are a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to kill but its okay because the game is insanly good.Tip: Use the buzzer to take over bell towers
,Recommended,298110,30479671,Posted: 12 March,all,Odey555,"Definitely have mixed thoughts on this one, but I recommend it either way.  Far Cry 4 has some major faults in my eyes and I'll address them.The graphics, even if they are pretty, suffered from the classic Ubisoft downgrade and look terrible compared to the E3 demo.  The AI is really annoying, especially in enemy territory. What happens is they give the player a challenge but they're somewhat broken. When I say broken I mean they can be stupid and blind, but when it comes to a dead body they suddenly have supersonic vision, not to mention how if I shoot someone and miss they know exactly where I am and the whole area goes on high alert.Missions are a bit repetitive, and gathering resources for crafting can be tedious (I need 2 Rhinos to make a small bag? Really? I can make 4 bags with 1 rhino.) but I think overall the gameplay is good and the story too, though they had so many missed opportunities there.Overall, great game minus a few annoyances.8/10"
76561198357675967,Recommended,298110,30473935,Posted: 12 March,all,wasabix47,nice!!!
76561198064527406,Recommended,298110,21368461,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,TeeLight,"This is a pretty game and I like wandering around in it. Pretty much the same thing I can say about a good number of Ubisoft games. The world is cool, the stuff in it feels forced and there's too damn much stuff to collect. If you really want to enjoy this world go for it. If your eyes cross at the thought of another Ubisoft game where you have to collect hundreds of random pointless things then ignore this. There isn't enough different about this game to keep it from feeling that way."
,Not Recommended,298110,21372882,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,||Prison||of||Mirrors||,"Breakdown-Gamplay: Almost identical to FC3s. Thought not a particularly bad thing, it feels a bit un-innovative. Karma events are a nice addition 8/10Graphics: Gorgeous and well optimized. Even on mid-level performance PCs it can be ran on Ultra with solid framerates. 10/10Story: Mediocre at best. Pales in comparsion to previous FC games. 5/10Characters: Pagan Min is the most intriguing. Main protagonist & side characters are a bore. 6/10Voice acting: Pagan Min is good. Side characters are alright. Main protagonist is abysmal. 7/10Other: Requires f****** UPlay 0/10Overall: 6/10Reasoning-If you are new to the Far Cry franchise, you will love this game. If you've played any of FC4s predecesors, you will view this as a disappiontment. I only say that because it doesn't live up to what FC2 and FC3 did best, story telling. 10 minutes into the story of FC3 and I was completely immersed. 10 minutes into FC4s story, and I was already bored. The story doesn't grip you, in any way really. The game doesn't succeed in grabbing my interest in what is happening in the story. I don't care about the Golden Path's cause, I don't relate to the main character, I don't feel compassion for the other main characters as I did in FC3...There is just nothing to grab on to here. Granted I have not played the story all the way through yet, so I hope it will get better. But the fact that I view playing the story as more of a chore than an experience is a testament to how bad it is. The most interesting character is of course Pagan Min, yet you hardly have any interaction with him after the first few hours of the game (so far, for me at least). Ajay's story is completely lacking in substance; why did he come to Kyrat? What was his life like before he traveled there? What reason does he have to help the Golden Path? The game makes no effort to explain the significance of Ajay's background, or the significance of his parents. The voice actor who plays Ajay really did a terrible job. There is no emotion delivered in the character's dialogue, so it's impossible to get a sense of how he feels in certain situations.The gameplay is VERY similar to FC3. The are only a few new additions I've come across so far. Karma events are a welcome breath of fresh air. They have also added a neat feature where the enemy will try to re-take any outposts you've liberated. This makes the simulated civil war in the game more realistic. Auto-drive is also pretty convienent. The AI in this game seem to have super hightened senses that have no basis in reality. There have been several scenarios where I have been scouting an outpost from 100 or more yards away, take a shot with the sniper, miss, and are instanly spotted. Despite being hidden among underbrush and a wide variety of trees, the enemy immediately know the trajectory & source of an errant sniper shot. Assuming Ajay is smart enough to wear some camoflauged clothing, it'd be practically impossible to spot him through trees & underbrush from that distance. But my main issue with the gameplay is this: It's imppossible to defend against an eagle attack.I don't have too much to say about the voice acting other than it's passable, save for Ajay, who is escpecially terrible.Is this a bad game? No. Is this a good game? No. It's somewhere in the middle. The only way I would recommend this game is if you're getting it on sale. I would not recommend paying full price for this. The experience the game delivers isn't worth the full price. And more importantly, Ubisoft doesn't deserve it."
,Recommended,298110,21387335,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,blade kid,"Gr8 game, love the optional storyline. Sidequests are unique and the world is open."
76561198070464108,Recommended,298110,21355804,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Boo Kill,Beautiful and brutal game. Fantastic experience.
76561198020130791,Recommended,298110,21356103,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Hentai Fapper Supreme,heh
76561198044942749,Recommended,298110,21375530,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Rok223,"really nice game (graphic,gameplay,story)"
76561197988543916,Recommended,298110,21379825,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,That_Guy,"Run around shoot some stuff...and then shoot some more stuff.  Oh and look at the mountains!  Yeah it is a pretty decent game.  I would give it a 7 out of `10.  Not one of the best games I have ever played but not bad.  If you have played Far Cry 3, then you have played this game pretty much.   If you can get it on sale, and you want to play a shooter with some funny moments, and don't mind the over the top drug references, then get it."
,Recommended,298110,21385357,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Prolapser,"As there are thousands of reviews, I will keep this short.Far Cry 4 is an excellent game overall.There are too many positive aspects to list, so i'll list the negatives:- As I discussed in my Far Cry 3 review, I do not understand the need for ""trippy"" events except to show the player a new type of constrained play-style. Maybe I do not understand the drug culture, but I suppose the developers wanted us to see the fun/darker side of hallucinations. Shangri-La was visually beautiful, but an annoying set of quests I would never want to play ever again. I suppose magical enemies popping randomly around the map went against my planning/fun, and at one point I just suicide ran to the bell just to finish it off.- The story was a bit pathetic in terms of the mechanics. Helicopters did funny things when approaching the primary campaign locations. Gliders would fail if you were on a mission. You couldn't call in your buddies (V key) when you're on a mission. I had unlimited tokens to spend on the final mission. Nope, not allowed.I really enjoyed this game and I definitely recommend it if you like open-world sandbox constant chaos."
76561198121586060,Not Recommended,298110,21390482,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,CoolExp,"Basically Farcry 3, consisting of a bland story and weak predictable charactersWould I Recommend……No"
,Recommended,298110,21368457,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Doug Dimmadome,"Windows 10 users: put the game in compatibility mode for Windows 7!Fun shooter, great scenery, and plenty of action to have."
,Recommended,298110,21399869,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Nyancide,"Although ATM I haven't completed it, on the PS4 I 100% the game. It is a very fun game, and today alone I played 13 hours."
,Recommended,298110,21417545,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,FyriFloo,"TL;DR VERSION: 8.1/10: I don't feel that the Gold Edition is worth the $70 price tag, but Steam Sales are a great reason to go ahead and wishlist this. You might play only once, but the experience is unforgettable.THE LONG VERSION: I entered into the Far Cry series as a solid skeptic at Far Cry 2. I was convinced that nothing could convince me to enjoy the series again because it only ever features male characters like so many other boring male-action-star titles produced by Ubisoft and it tends to be an unredeeming bug fest.Then Far Cry 4 was on sale and I figured, ""Why the hell not?"" Sure, it had a few bugs related to platforming at times and it frustrated me to no end because I never had the difficulty below ""Hard"" ever. But once I really got into it, Ajay's story was a wild trip, the mayhem I was capable of causing was hilarious, and then I unexpectedly had the extreme satisfaction of conquering Yuma's Fortress undetected on the first try. I felt rewarded just for pulling it off, and that doesn't happen for me often in games.In the end, I decided that Far Cry has redeemed itself as a series and then some. The gameplay was fantastic, the scenery was breath taking, the music was exotic, there were a few very meaningful choices to make, and several characters were so much fun to hate and then capture or kill. Other characters caused unexpected emotions, but they would have been stronger had the story helped me get more attached to them before certain plot climaxes.Here's hoping that the true Far Cry 5 (not Far Cry Primal) exceeds this standard just a little and allows the player to choose between a male or female character when starting the campaign. I'll probably choose male and go ""Hard"" difficulty anyway, but a female character's second perspective and some notable changes in dialogue would address the issue of this game's somewhat poor replay value at such a comparitively low cost of labor.My only serious complaint and a hefty portion of my ""out of ten"" reduction is that the game mechanics seemed to be missing a few basic borrowed-enemy-vehicle-disguise and friendly-NPC-summoning-to-follow innovations that have been around since Mercenaries: Playground of Destruction in 2005. That's about a decade behind the curve for this title.It gets ludicrous at times because randomly generated events on roads are almost unavoidable and tend to distract the player from what they were really setting out to do. It gets ludicrous because you can only take one NPC soldier into combat when in reality you could just honk a horn and get a few more to pile into your car in older titles, or call in a full vehicle of allies as back-up instead of a single pawn who ends up dying instantly."
,Recommended,298110,13115505,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Zoffix Znet,"What am I doing here?I'll go past the glitchy black bars, the flickering paper-thin trees, and the inability to remap the controls I've experienced so far in this buggy game.After 4 hours of play, I have to ask myself, my character ""what am I doing here?,"" ""why am I being shot at?""You come to an island to get rid of your mom's ashes, only to be almost-killed on numerous occasions. Then, it tuns out your now-dead mom knew that would happen all along, but without a warning she planned your visit. The supposedly-insane and wild villan treats you to a nice meal and a place to rest your head, but you don't get a chance to enjoy it as a gang of gun-slinging dudes come in to ""rescue"" you.After that point you are thrown into the broken world of annoying mountains and obstacles. Fighting for a goal you couldn't care less.What am I doing in this place? Why am I helping these people? Why am I risking my life for all of this?There's no motivation for my character to be in this place. None at all. I'm just throwing myself into battles because the game wants me to. At one point I found myself being shot at by ""hunters,"" and I had absolutely no freakin' idea who they were or why they were trying to kill me.All the basic elements of the genius Far Cry 3 are rehashed in this game: the towers, the outposts, the plants, and the animals. But there's no decent story, no motivation, no plot. You're just thrown into the place.In Far Cry 3, right from the start, you were given no choice: you were forced to move on, to get stronger, to save those close to you because they were too big a part of who you are.In Far Cry 4, you're meant to care about a dead woman you never knew, who supposedly knew you were going to meet danger but did not bother to warn you. You're meant to fight against a villan who loved your mom and who treated you nicely. It's just.... weak, dumb, and pointless.I feel I can leave the world of Far Cry 4 at any second and nothing in my character's life would change; not for the worse at least, only for the better. Why should I care to scatter some random woman's (main character's mom) ashes in a warzone? Why should I care if some random guy (main characer's dad) was supposedly a badass at this place? Why does my characer constantly agree to risk his life to rescue a bunch of ""hostages"" simply because a random guy tells me to; while himself doing nothing for those hostages?Just like Skyrim, Far Cry 4's positives are nothing by nostalgia whiffed off the previous iteration that ignore all the glaring bugs, plot holes, and lack of characterization.I'm glad Far Cry 3  was great. It was amazing. It's the only justification I can give myself for spending $100 on the buggy, rushed, and barely-thought-through Far Cry 4.All good things must come to an end, I guess. Far Cry 4 is the coffin of Far Cry 3.--------June, 2015 EDIT:After waiting for critical bug fixes and buying a new, 16:9 monitor to fix the black bars issues, I've actually played and completed this game.I suppose 60 hours of entertainment (and more, since I'll likely play it again in the future) justify the $100 I paid for the full super-duper edition. But it's an incredibly lazy re-hash of Far Cry 3 and it shows and that's what annoys me. It could've been an amazing Top-All-Time game if UbiSoft spent another year on it.I've came across many bugs and glitches that look like problems swept under the rug by the devs/quality assurance team. The unlocks are incredibly unbalanced: you get a ton of unlocks at one time, then nothing for a long period. You get the best guns almost at the start of the game, so there's no point in getting any of the other ones. And the best and most fun gun to take out the outposts with is locked until you've completed 23 out 24 outposts. Ridiculous.The writing is abhorrent. It serves no other purpose than to interrupt your pillaging of outposts. I didn't hate the villan: he was just a dictator, subjugating the people I didn't care about. I suppose it's bad, but should I do something about it? I didn't like the protagonists: they're obnoxious, ugly, and incessantly cry for help. Most of the missions you're told to do something while they all sit somewhere comfy. You're supposed to care for Kyrat because it's your birthplace, but you're constantly being told that you left when you were very young and you don't remember any of it. Should I care about a piece of land that was proximate to my mother's womb when I was born? Please!The choices you make with the two supposed leaders of the Golden Path are non-choices. At one point I had to decide whether to side with Amita and keep the drug fields to make money to rebuild Kyrat or to side with Sabal and burn the field down because it's ""not who we are."" But that's a non-choice! I'm not given any alternative on how to rebuild Kyrat if we destroy the drugs. Amita says without the drugs we'll live in poverty and Sabal makes no counterargument!The details of the choices are moot, however, because they have absolutely no impact at the end.Speaking of the end, what a load of manure it is! You can definitely find the various endings on YouTube, but the one I ended up with didn't even resolve the initial conflict. The very reason why my character decided to stay in Kyrat instead of legging it! I killed the bad gun with a boring shot to the head from a pistol during a cutscene and instantly it faded and I was shown ""FIN."" What about tea-bagging the guy? Good grief!Lazy. Obnoxious. Pallid. An overpriced reskin of Far Cry 3, to be enjoyable by people who loved Far Cry 3.--------March, 2016 EDIT:After more than a year of having this game, I recently started another playthrough, and I'm actually changing my Not Recommended rating to Recommended. The most annoying bugs have been patched. The price of the game went down as well. Yes, it's still a cash grab with stupid story, but there are enjoyable elements of traipsing through grassy slopes in sunny weather, shooting goats, and occasional terrorists, in the head."
,Recommended,298110,21616103,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Raum,"Usually I don't feel comfortable reviewing a game until I've either completed the main story, or put invested a respectable amount of time (30+ hours)... but I'm breaking my rule here, because there just isn't really much to say about Far Cry 4.If you've played Far Cry 3, you've played Far Cry 4. The game feels almost exactly the same, and in fact I've had a real problem finding real differences beyond some slightly adjusted mechanics like throwing bait to attract animals, and a new map.The new map is kind of a love/hate thing, because it can be both frustrating to move around, yet interesting to engage with. The map is very vertical, as opposed to the much flatter Far Cry 3 map, and this added verticality introduces some interesting gameplay choices. However, trying to get from point A to point B can be obnoxious, especially when the mountain in front of you apparently has no places to climb on.You can throw bait to attract animals to attack outposts, but sometimes it doesn't work. The bait is a great way to bunch enemies together before throwing a grenade and making them all explode.Uh, there's a wingsuit and it's fun to use... and the verticality of the map means that this time around, the hang-glider is kind of a legitimate way to get around.The story is weak, with a somewhat interesting and snarky antagonist whom you keep in contact with. Your character just wants to go on vacation but then decides to become a murderer, and even then, Ajay doesn't seem to care like Jason pretended to in Far Cry 3. One minute Ajay is breathing heavily and scared of bullets, and then almost immediately you're skinning a leapord and killing tons of people in a conflict Ajay doesn't understand.I don't know. I guess I'm enjoying my time here, but the open-world collect-a-thon games are kind of tired at this point, and Far Cry 4 doesn't do anything interesting or new, it's kind of just the same thing I've already played but with nicer graphics. On that note, the really nifty ultra settings are all very crash-prone, so beyond taking some nice screenshots, there is no reason to turn on all of the special settings unless you really want to crash to your desktop over and over again.If you've never played a Far Cry game, you'll definitely enjoy the hell out of this game. Far Cry 4 has a lot to keep you busy, and the emergent gameplay can be very fun. Most of my best Far Cry moments were totally disconnected from missions, like rounding a corner to a Rhino stampeding through a group of dudes. Some really amusing stuff can happen.If you've played Far Cry 3 or another game, though, it's seriously difficult to endorse this game, because you've basically already played it. It will feel too familiar, in a not-so-good way, and if you've been playing video games for the past few years you might be like me and a tad tired of the collect-a-thon open world games by this point. I just can't get behind tearing down nearly 200 propaganda posters or finding masks, I've climbed enough towers in games to reveal a map, I don't care about skinning animals to increase my inventory size... it's all just very meh."
,Not Recommended,298110,21614158,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,DawG,"Dissappointing to say the least..Graphically speaking its not a huge update from Far Cry 3, yet it has so many more problems than the previous title. Game crushes for no reason, errors keep popping out, massvie frame rate drop during gameplay, made the game unplayable sometime. I had a reasonable good PC (GTX 960) and I can only play in medium settings, any higher than that would cause the game to lag to hell, which is dissapointing since Far Cry 3 did a wonderful job optimizing.Gameplay-wise, it's good with original formula, but the damn eagles man, F*CK THE EAGLES, wtf, Ubisoft? Not to say it's not realistic for them to attack people like that, it offers nothing in return. You wanna sneak in to a outpost? Here comes eagles! You wanna finish a timed mission? Motherf*cking EAGLES! Not even mentioning the packed dogs/wolves randomly spawning and attack the sh*t out of you. I get it, it supposed to be in the nature and wilderness and whatever, but sometime it's just too annoying.I love Far Cry Franchise, but it's shame to say I don't recommend to buy this game."
,Recommended,298110,30446268,Posted: 11 March,all,ToiletROCK,"Overall good game with beautiful graphics (considering its release date was in 2014), interesting story and a plethora of gameplay elements that defines it from the other Far Cry games in the franchise. The most apparent downside to me is that the game gets increasingly more repetitive the longer you play and the Co-op aspect is rather disappointing since you're only limited to Open Word and side quests. However, if you're content with just exploring an expansive world with dynamic events, one can consider getting this game."
,Recommended,298110,30448313,Posted: 11 March,all,The Major,Wow! Very cool. I enjoy the complexity and atmoshphere. Multi-player is even better.
76561198085912288,Recommended,298110,30436762,Posted: 10 March,all,juliebergeron1975,ok so i spent 19 hours dowloading this game i  was so hyped to play i start it and black screen itried so many times i waited for like an hour and i did not work please fix it im reinstlling it i hope it works
,Recommended,298110,29483758,Posted: 25 January,all,이희조,an awsome game with various contents however you might easily get bored of repeating submissions. (which some of them are neccessarily has to be done for upgrades) .overall thumbs up !
76561198267486327,Not Recommended,298110,23759298,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,saran,cd-key ผมล่ะคับ ซื้อมาแล้วไม่มีมาให้ จะเล่นยังไง
76561198152611876,Recommended,298110,31013394,Posted: 8 April,all,KEBAB,its a good game
,Recommended,298110,16935702,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Squeaks,"Wonderful environment to free roam, gamplay is solid and mechanics seem sound (at least in the campain, I have yet to do any multiplayer). Overall I would give the game a 9/10, its only real flaw I have seen so far is that when changing major graphics settings like the resolution in game it will freeze for maybe a minute, but it will come back... just annouying is all.I have this game on PS4, must say I enjoy it more on the PC, it just seems to look smoother!EDIT:: Been seeing a lot of crashes lately, still recommend (although barely) because in the time between crashes I have the time of my life. I love free roam FPSes! :3"
,Recommended,298110,16988637,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Surveyant,"Ton of fun, very large world. Nothing really notably unique about the game from previous far cry games.  But a dynamic story and tons of action.  I played the game on hard my first playthrough and I still thought it was too easy at times, only really challenged like 2-3 times the entire game.Also one thing that really annoyed me about this is I have to play it through UPLAY which is some crap it made me download so steam can't track my achievements.  WTFBut all in all it's fun to play even though it might be targeted towards kids which is weird cuz there's a little nudity in there but w/e that's how these big companies survive."
76561198044071847,Not Recommended,298110,16996073,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Cynical Patriot,Potential buyers beware. Far Cry 4 is not garanteed to work on every computer as is the case with me. I can not even get beyond the main menu without completely crashing and I'm not the only one with this problem.To say the least with the money I put into it and it not working has me very irritated. Even if the game is great I can not recommend it one bit for pc until Ubisoft fixes this issue. And I will have no motivation to support or buy anything from them as a consequence
76561197970712242,Not Recommended,298110,17033472,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,ithaqua,"I have played Farcry 1 at least 5 times all the way through and Farcry 3 all the way through 3 times, including finding all the secrets. (The less said about Farcry 2 the better) Unfortunatly Farcry 4 carries on the tradition of even numbered games in the series being not being that good. It is not a bad game, it's just that after 3, its...kind of boring. I'm halfway through the main story and while I could not wait to play 3, 4 is a slog. I have to debate with myself before I go back to it. On the surface it is very similar to 3, but they decided to add a lot of nagging, annoying things in the game. Eagle attacks add nothing to the game but another reason I don't really have fun with it. Eneimes attempting to retake bases, while realistic, just seems nagging. I can't stand when I have a mission and then I get the alert that I have to run back to defend a base, it pulls me right out of the story I was creating for myself. The verticality is also getting old fast. I know some people will love everything about the game that I do not, but this is my opinion and I'm standing by it. Also, what is up with the horrible ubisoft front end? It sucks. What I do find interesting is that I had posted another negative review of this game when it first game out, I made the mistake of preordering it (never again) and that review magically went away.Summery:Negatives:Horrible Ubisoft front end. Money goes to horrible Ubisoft suits.Game is just OK, no real innovationsm which would be fine if the game was as good as 3, but it is not.The game feels like it has ADHD. Constant noise, constant nagging, it;s one of the few games that can give me a real headache.Crafting is still pretty useless after you make the item upgrades. (as it was in 3)Possatives:Great looking, as are all the Farcry games.There can be some really fun moments, taking over bases is still a blast.Traveling merchants are a nice touch.The writing and voice acting is good.The music is good.Nothing in this game is outright bad, just very annoying.Should you get it? No, get 3 instead. If you have 3, play it again.3 was a treat, 4 is a slog.I was so looking forward to this game, but in the end it was like finally going on a date with soemone you have had a crush on only to find they talk too much, have little to say...and pick their nose in public."
,Recommended,298110,17036827,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Daddy™,"good game with a good plot, good weapon play and good multiplayer. lots of fun to be had and a fun game.(WARNING: YOU MUST HAVE A FAIRLY GOOD COMPUTER TO PLAY THIS GAME, MY FRIENDS FOUND THIS OUT THE HARD WAY, DONT BE LIKE THEM!)80/100"
,Recommended,298110,17039617,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,ninja!,This is by far one of my favourite games. And I have played a LOT of games.
76561197970659278,Recommended,298110,17041224,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,pinkhq,"What a killer KICKASS game. Ubisoft have somehow surpassed FARCRY3' excellence by 100 fold with this latest FarCry title. I reccomend this to anyone who loves First Person Shooters, Hunting, Stealth, Co-Op Game play and a MASSIVE HUGE game with hours upon hours of killer kickass fun."
76561198051297351,Not Recommended,298110,12990669,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,☠LAME㊉GINҞS☠,"Wish I could get a refund for the game that never worked on my system. But alas, Steam only allows after 2 week purchases. </3"
76561198003605380,Not Recommended,298110,17057510,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Hyperfiction,"Ohhh you ubisoft... And here i tought there would have been a change to my opinion about your games... And you yet made a fool out of me. I hoped that, maybe this time? You could publish FINISHED game this time? No... Numerous bugs and very dissappointing mechanics of the AI ""Throw a steak and spawn a bear"" The actual♥♥♥♥♥What about dissappearing cars and a bug that makes me redo already FINISHED missions?This game is basicly an playable benchmark software to test your computers capacity to run beautiful enviroment.A person i was about to talk to, went ape♥♥♥♥. Ran away from me and finally when i was about reach her? Guess what? SHE ♥♥♥♥♥♥ FELL TROUGH THE FLOOR.The only thing that makes me want to play this game, is the story. Which hasnt even started to roll yet. So cant say a word about it.U-play and the co-op feature sucks monkey@ss like in every other game so far.Atleast this game is somewhat playable compared to this WatchDogs, which i happened to pay over 60e from and all in all played it for 77 minutes.We are unable to start the co-op game since the game crashes every time.Anyway, Thank you ubisoft. For p1ssing all over the gaming community. Yet again :)"
76561198075559538,Not Recommended,298110,17070307,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,wildthangksy,Far Cry  4 is a single player only game.  Co-op and multiplayer have never worked since launch for me or my steam friends. Ubisoft did what it does best selling a broken game and dropping all support for it a month after release and never bothering to fix its issues. Dont take my word for it though do a quick google search and see for yourself the staggering amount of forums saying multiplayer and co-op dont work.Single player is fun and intreasting but always makes you wonder how good it would be if you could have a friend along for the ride
76561198084982102,Recommended,298110,17085005,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Uncle Anjonio,HEHEHEH 4 CRY FAR HEUHEUEHE
76561198054597732,Recommended,298110,30633909,Posted: 20 March,all,Rein,"I've been meaning to buy this for a while now but only got around to it couple days ago. And I must say that gameplay is a lot better than in Far Cry 3 but story is a lot worse. 14hours into the game and I'm still going like ''Just let me team up with Pagan! I don't want to be a ♥♥♥♥ing terrorist!'' Because that's what golden path feels like and probably is. Seriously if you just wait for Pagan to come back at the very start of the game you do what you came to do and then you get into a chopper and supposedly go and tear some sh!t up with him.But that's not what game wants you to do. Nope,you're ♥♥♥♥ing forced to fight against Pagan even when every character you're supposed to root for is a complete ♥♥♥♥!ng pr!ck when compared to ''antagonist''. All these terrorist/rebel♥♥♥♥♥♥♥do is basically blackmail you to help them''Yea sure we'll tell you where the place where your mother wanted you to put her ashes is as long as you do all of our work for us.'' Whereas Pagan is like ''Did you enjoy the Crab Rangoon? Great,hop into my chopper and let's go to the shrine where your mothers ashes should be.''However nobody probably gives a flying ♥♥♥♥ about story in these games and I can't blame them so I have absolutely no problems with recommending this game because weapons are pretty damn fun to use and there's a lot of fun toys to play around with. One of these toys is riding elephants and mauling enemies down with a ♥♥♥♥ing LMG while the elephant you're ♥♥♥♥ing riding just destroyed the gate to a fortress. Need I tell you more? Now that price has gone down to 30 euros it's worth the price if you ask me.I couldn't tell you anything about multiplayer thou,it seems to be completely ♥♥♥♥ing dead,haven't found a single match and gave up with it. However you can play Co-op in actual story mode now,which seems cool. If you have a friend who owns this game blackmail them into playing co-op with you. Afterwards come back and tell me if it was fun or not."
,Not Recommended,298110,19401791,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,peetapan,"Far Cry 4 does NOT boot. I got the game to run for like an hour, and it crashed. Now it just won't start, so I can't really leave a positive review if I haven't played the game. I even opened Steam as an Administrator, updated my Nvidia drivers from 358.91 to 359.00, and pretty much all of the common sense stuff, such as reinstalling the game, verifying cache, yada yada yada...I would not reccommend this game to anyone on PC until someone can get the game to boot.0/10. Would not, and still will not reccommend. In fact, I will probably go out of my way to make sure every PC gamer I know, will not buy this game.If anyone has a fix for this, PM directly. (Yes, I've browsed the forums for advice already. Tried practically everything I could find.)In case anyone suspects my rig isn't able to run Far Cry 4, this is what's under the hood:i7-5820K @ 4.2GHzASUS X99 Sabertooth32GB Corsair Dominator 3000MHz (8x4GB)EVGA GTX 980TI SC ACX 2.02x 120GB Intel 320 Series SSDs (240GB RAID-0)Corsair AX850Corsair H100i GTX"
,Not Recommended,298110,19402690,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Fundamentalist Herbertarian,"A step back from Far Cry 3Controls are clumsy, stealth mechanics are immature and flawed, graphics are identical to Far Cry 3, and story is boring.This game is a glorified collecterfest.I care nothing about the story or the characters.  The surrounding mountains are beautiful.  Otherwise, I cared nothing about the setting in this game.Don't buy this game.  It's barely an expansion pack.It's a step back from Far Cry 3"
76561198094780222,Recommended,298110,19409733,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,suck my ass,I had great fun while playing. Only problem i found was the wingsuit being unforgiving killing you when you jumped of one storey buildings if you held the shift button.
76561198028430518,Recommended,298110,19421607,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,ApacheChief,Beautiful and immersive.  Thoroughly enjoyed it.
76561198053512153,Recommended,298110,19404399,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,omgpickles,Like Skyrim...but with guns...and drugs...and no magic...or dragons...
76561197985679061,Recommended,298110,19407745,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,angstseed,"This is essentially just a slightly prettier version of Far Cry 3, and for that reason I'm glad I waited so long and got it on sale.  I personally thought the story in 3 was boring.  I hated all of the characters, especially myself.  I didn’t care if any of them lived or died.  The bad guy was the most interesting one.  Far Cry 4 has a much more interesting protagonist from the get-go.  Even his voice is less annoying.  And while it still suffers from the silly stupid stuff that FC3 had (the looting system feels so archaic for example), it already feels like a better game.  The animals really mess with you in this, way more than they did in FC3.  The enemies are much smarter, and the weapons feel more varied.  The mini moped chopper is pretty fun to zip around in, too.Overall, I’m impressed with the game in general.  I liked Far Cry 3.  I just hated the protag and his stupid friends.  Far Cry 4 is better in all the right ways, and the same in all the ones you liked.  Sure you’ll get clipped into an invisible rock and have to reload once in awhile.. but for a game with so many different approaches and ways to do things, the mistakes are very forgivable.  Grab it on sale for 25 bucks, it’s well worth that.A word to Ubisoft -  Uplay sucks.  It sucks because Steam is just better.  No one wants to log into your crappy distribution    platform.  It’s terrible.  Just let Steam handle it and focus on making games that are fun and everyone will give you all the money.TLDR:  Far Cry 3.5 is pretty fun.  7/10"
,Recommended,298110,19223568,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Vortex,FUUUUUUNN
76561198050662040,Recommended,298110,19223994,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,PopeLaT,"As of lately, I have been refunding games becuase after an hour they are boring AF. This game however captured my attention. The visuals are great, the story I like so far, and the voice acting is very very good! The gameplay is also a lot of fun and although it may be repetitive at times, I cant help but feel like a complete bad♥♥♥♥♥walking into a camp and mowing down everyone to librate that♥♥♥♥♥♥Badgers suck...9/10"
,Recommended,298110,19244357,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Sailstone,"Pros:- Large map- Large variety of weapons w/ customization,- Beautiful scenery- Good graphics- Not alot of loading screens- Alot of random ecents- Beautiful wildlife- Hunting -> Either oldstyle w/ bow and arrow, guns or explosives- Good story where the player can part with different characters in order to affect the story.- Resources are not hard to aquireCons:- Cutscenes are unskipable (This will irritate you)- Some quest bugs- It's an Ubisoft game therefor it runs though Uplay, which sucks.All in all a good game, I've had it on two platforms and enjoyed it alot.Highly recommended!"
76561198196622881,Recommended,298110,19258964,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,THE 2ND COMING,great game loved it
76561198007530829,Recommended,298110,19248280,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,anthonyjk47,This game kicks♥♥♥♥♥!! So many side quest and all the main charcters are clearly insaine!!!
,Recommended,298110,19371097,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,draco_aroch,"I do not get why so many disliked this game or its storyline.  Unlike the past where FC games were straightforward (there's the bad guy; you killed him; happy ending), this one is a twist and tends to require the player to think.There are new features and new things to do.  It is the same in many respects to its predecessors, but so was FC3 and FC2.  If you redefine the foundation of a game and release it under the same title, you are pulling an EA and trying perform a cash grab.  This is Farcry with some incremental improvements and a great storyline."
76561198042997034,Recommended,298110,19417491,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,SquishyLemon,"The game is awesome to play, but why is the ♥♥♥♥ing auto save so ghetto-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and cheap? and why do you spawn so far far far far away from another galaxy when you die????? the game is aewsome and beautiful, but they had to ♥♥♥♥ that up........"
,Recommended,298110,19473240,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,cjmarinebrat,"I don't even know where to begin. I also can't believe I'm writing this review months after I beat the game. Far Cry is by far my favorite franchise. I love all the games and have been especially hooked since the last far cry 3. They put a lot of work into giving the player complete and utter fredom in how to demolish and destroy enemies and conquer bases. It's esentially a huge playground. The graphics are fantastic and the game is well optimized for PC. For those that care, I ran on a gtx 970 and an fx-8350 and I cant recall one significant hiccup or stutter. If you enjoy creativity, demolition, open-world, and customization, im not sure why you are still reading this and haven't bought it yet. Go. Buy. Now."
76561198107383704,Recommended,298110,19474861,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,NocturnalLoner,"Farcry 4 is a solid and rich open world game, with a nice variety of environments, action, crazy animal attacks, and a good story to boot. There are many distractions you can occupy yourself with or the decent branching story missions. If all else fails, you can glide around the map in your wingsuit and blow up random people or animals.I got about 30 hours of solid entertainment from this title. For getting this game on sale quite a while back, it was worth the price I paid for it. I do feel I have gotten my moneys worth.I recommend the game, although it may not be worth the full price to everyone. If you find it on sale though, especially in the league of 30-50% or more off, I'd highly recommend it as a nice story driven time sink with some fun dicking around thrown in for good measure."
,Recommended,298110,19505479,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,NicoNicoNii,"Its fun , totally awesome looking , open worldPS: u have to kill HOneybadgers ! honeybadgers .. Those cute creatures! And what for? a weapon holster ! Thats so unfair 3 of these creatures have to die for such a thing , for your selfish reasonsIf PETA would know, I think this game would have to worry about a lot more than just the minor glitching in the cutscenes .Anyway nobody is going to read it but if you do , you should question urself: "" are dead honeybadgers what you want ?"""
,Recommended,298110,30643877,Posted: 20 March,all,buffjape,"Fabulous graphics - a whole country to explore and free from tyranny,Everyone I meet seems to have 60 seconds to live. Even if I save them from the enemy, they are eaten by wolves, or torn apart by leapords, or bears, or run over by their own soldiers while celebrating - so why bother?But the story is great (wonderful first cut-scene) and the game is VERY enjoyable.Well worth it."
76561197984975106,Recommended,298110,19555787,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Calm64,Far Cry 4 is the best Far Cry so far.One of the best games I've had the pleasure to play.No bugs nor glitches and great graphics.....runs like a charm!10/10
76561198025655120,Recommended,298110,19556042,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,KG Soloman 5000,Best Farcry for gun fights. It's like an action movie
,Recommended,298110,19526930,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Harboe Escobar,the game far cry 4 is really good it have some realistic moments and thats amazing.i can recomend this game if you are to the adventure games then its awsome
,Recommended,298110,19451523,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,cbr9guy,"Having played FC2,3 and now 4 I can say this is by far the best Far Cry installment in the series, I did like Voss as a Vilain in FC3 but FC4 managed to outshine it with it's graphics and gameplay. I'ved played over 100 hours and keep playing some of the user created maps. If I were to lodge a complain it would be that I wish there was more missions in higher elevations, other then that, everything is great!"
,Recommended,298110,19512844,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,WarlikeChunk,"This game is fantastic, I definetely recommend the gold version. It is very addictive and one of my favourite games. It never gets old."
,Recommended,298110,19747909,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,kent,9.5/10lots of animals-1 too legal.
,Recommended,298110,19585633,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,WolfRam,"Its good, but not FC3. This should be FC 3.5And i wish FarCry would stop with the ""edgy"" drug-missions. I never like them."
,Not Recommended,298110,19589722,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,The Cheeky Führer,doesn't work
,Recommended,298110,18244583,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Hecklar,too good11/10
,Not Recommended,298110,19594232,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,kupokupkupo,"Fun game, but Uplay ruins it."
76561198111427919,Recommended,298110,19595738,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Suleiman the mujahid,"I am a historian and want to provide  some cultural persepcitves in this review of Far cry 4To start with, let's first look at the main stage: beautiful Himalayan country Kyrat. From my point of view, Kyrat is an interesting mixture of Nepal, Bhutan and Tibet.It has typical archecture style of Tibet, the population with obvious East asian looks( which suggests clearly that local people are of Tibetan heritage), a language empolyng Devanagari (which is the main writing system of Hindi and popular choice for writing Sanskrit) on modern fancies such as  various vehicles, posters, store brands and goods (all are daily life related), but Tibetan language was also employed( can be seen on Divine rocks, Prayer wheels,mani wheels, prayer flags and many very typical Tibetan Buddhist sutra papers(all are religion related) It looks as if like a India controled Tibet, hindi is used in Kyrat just as how Chinese is used in modern Tibet, as a language of Commerce and negoitation, while Tibetan remain a language of Classics and religion.This special design of Kyrat made the stage immensely interesting to me since it is really fascinating to explore such a place, also being able to travel or fight through the Shangri-la (God i love this place, do you know how fantastic the Buddhist-Hindu statues, temples and even the Demon ""Rakhshasa"" were made?).From a cultural viewpoint, i give this game a 9.5/10, definitly recommnended for people who want to explore Tibet and Nepal culture through ""digital"" way."
76561198088841075,Recommended,298110,19595987,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Lethal Noob,"Played for some time. I didnt finished the story misions but I can say that the introduction of far cry 3 was so much better, well who knows may be far cry 4's story will turn good as game progresses. The gameplay is very good like far cry 3 may be better. Graphics is much better. I reccomend this game if you liked far cry 3.I cant find text chat options in co op. If there is one please reply"
76561198065927444,Recommended,298110,19796044,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,getbent689,Very nice
,Recommended,298110,19797264,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Tremby,"Intentonally the best fun in gaming when it came out, the only issue is when it did come out alot of people couldn't run it... thats thats not ubisofts fault though.. is it. Best to say that the hype will still go on in the next farcry ""Farcry Primal"" it would be fun to play ARK:SE and FC4 Have a baby and ride dino's!"
,Recommended,298110,12998655,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Twizted420,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME YET. IT IS FKED BEYOND BELIEF ATM.almost a year later and im tryin this game again...its like a whole new game so far >D
,Recommended,298110,19809960,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,CasualBruhh,"Fun game, this is one of those games where even if you havent completed the campaign yet you can still have fun!8/10"
,Recommended,298110,19808345,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Rylai,Game 10/10Also never had problems with Uplay.
76561198004149303,Not Recommended,298110,19570785,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,e90,"ProWorld looks niceConI've never seen so much camera wobble to just run/walk/climb.  I have 80+FPS yet it feels like 15.  This is *the* reason I uninstalled after 1 hour.  Even though it's not a performance issue I've tried all graphics settings, but it's not that... it;s motion sickness, almost like an 8 year old is controlling the cameara.  No needs, it's ruined the game.Not a fan of the menu systemNot a fan of the save system"
76561198071437933,Not Recommended,298110,19574694,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Major Khunt,This game is absolute ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t i would rather♥♥♥♥♥♥in my hands and clap. If your looking to play farcry get farcry three for the sake of ♥♥♥♥en playing too many hours and not being able to refund it. ♥♥♥♥ this♥♥♥♥♥♥im out
,Recommended,298110,13026341,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Monk,"Amazing game! I run it at 1080p 60FPS, with my i5 processor and my GTX 660 on Ultra!The gameplay is amazing! You can see they've spent more hours into this, than Unity...There's still some major bugs, but nothing to worry about.9/10"
76561198077731596,Recommended,298110,13026835,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,RZB-Deacon,"Fun as always, Playing farcry series since a long time and i liked all of them ( FC2 was a bit boring)this time, FC4 is good but could be more worked out.Animations and GUI are the same as FC3 and Blood Dragon.they didn't really worked on this and concentrated on the map and the missionsNothing really new in FC4, but still funnyon a High-end pc and some missions are really funny.Some good new mechanics:- Shooting when driving- Mounting Elephant :D- Bigger Map - Bigger playground-  the atmosphere, the playground- Chopper flying :D- many secondary missionsSome things i didn't liked:- Same animation, same GUI, same mechanics- some technical issues with Hardware ( joystick / ATI graphic Cards)- Some Crashes- not enough weapon choice ON YOU.  (only 2 hand-weapons and 2 primary..)- Some Sound issues.- BO is not really linked to the environnement.- Some stealth mechanics are not well-handled.- The Story is a bit ♥♥♥♥♥♥, and the hero ( another tourist ) is in a short way capable of killing everyone without any moral issue.- the background of the hero is not well introducedbut clearly a Game to recommend for all FC Fans even if it's a copy from FC3 with a little more graphic options on the same engine and a new map.Forgot to mention:playing on all settings Ultra in 1920 with a 780GTX / i52500k / 16GB, not going under 30fps without Vsync."
76561198065080112,Recommended,298110,13027192,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,FRe4k_SH0w,"one of the games i was grounded to him and i could not leave the computer until the end of the day , highly recommended"
,Recommended,298110,13027578,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Skadoodoo,So much room for activities!!!! :D
76561198038091715,Recommended,298110,13027838,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,esadzepass,"So I give this 6.5/10 however be aware:1, Far cry 4 is far cry 3 with new stroy and better graphics.2. Obviously not optimized for PC, I had same issue with Tomb rider 2014 which was a console port:Regardless of graphics settings it seems to have FPS drops which makes me feel the game lags, this is kinda ruining the expiriance. I tried the High settings and then the all ultra to the max, no difference.Overall needs optimization for PC asap"
76561198140960497,Recommended,298110,13028096,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,DIESEL4REASON,a
76561198089442875,Recommended,298110,13028157,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,supern0va3000,10/10
76561198082509206,Recommended,298110,13023966,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,ed10k399,"Good game. Bad UPlay. This game is similar to Far Cry 3 and Blood Dragon. Nothing much has changed. Still, this is a fun gameGAMEPLAY:You start off weak and have almost nothing. Similar mechanics to FC3 with a different story. If you enjoy the previous FC, you will enjoy this one. It took me almost 10 hours to finish Act 1 (starting from the Prologue, at a relaxed, I am collecting everything pace), so I think it will yield more than 80 hours of game time.CONTROLS / PHYSICS:Controls aren't bad. The mouse look takes some getting used to. Vehicle physics are bad either. Animals and vehicles belonging to air, land and water are present and can be interacted with.GRAPHICS:It has a demanding engine. So far, I can play on the highest settings at 1080. My GTX 770 is almost always at 100% load when playing. On my i7-4770k (3.5 GHz quad core \\ Hyperthreading \\ 64 bit), it has 20-35% load when playing, and it has more than 40% load when loading game files.Despite the high requirements, it still has some flaws. Some NPCs suddenly appears (meaning they are not loaded in advanced properly). The good side of it is that the scenery looks gorgeous. The fur on animals also look beautiful. The fur on Amita's coat sometimes look blurred, though. The skin and flesh tone are above average compared to other games.Most tearing disappeared and performance improved when I increased the field of view (FOV). Curious.MUSIC / SOUNDS:The music used are not out of place. Everything that can be interacted with has its own sound effects. Audio production of everything in-game hasn't failed yet (meaning there's no skipping audio). Environmental sounds are present and can be made good use of. Audio positioning are, at many times, confusing; except for gunfire, which its position can be determined right away.UPLAY:Before playing the game, you must have UPlay. Activate Far Cry 4 by inputting the CD key into UPlay if you have the Gold Edition and have the Season Pass, there are 2 keys to input.Some features are only accessible from UPlay. You need to spend UPoints, which can be earned by playing Ubi's games, for some of the weapons, soundtrack, wallpapers, etc. When pressing F12 for the screenshot, UPlay will also notify you that you have taken a screenshot.HIGHLY RECOMMENDEDDespite UPlay... just get this game. You can exit UPlay after playing."
76561197995663294,Recommended,298110,13029274,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,God's Vagina,Far Cry 4 has taught me that eagles are unconscionable♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,298110,13029458,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Ethicus,"If you liked Far Cry 3, get this game.... But dont expect the same kind of character depth and straightforwardness of the plot.The ""insanity"" is back but instead of people losing their minds in the jungle and the line between sanity and insanity being blurred, the characters in FC4 are in-your-face insane. Characters talk at you rather than with you.Whereas in FC3, Buck-a clearly sadistic psychopath-tells you to get something for him or he will♥♥♥♥♥♥your brother again; FC4 has Longinus, a former African War lord who quotes/shouts bible passages at you and gets uncomfortably close.FC3's plot was wonderful because of how simple it was. You crash on an island, your friends get kidnapped. Get your friends, kill the pirates. Not much thought required, not much justification required. The game made up for it in character richness.So far FC4's plot justiication has something to do with a political feud and you are involved because your parents were involved and there are terrorists and not terrorists... etc. The point is, you dont fall into the role like you could with FC3.Aside from that, the gameplay is FC3+, they reused a lot of the same animations and sound files. Added a couple new animals. Hit boxes seem smaller so sniping is a bit tricker.Framerate drops occassionally but I can run on ~high settings (GTX 660TI, 8gbRAM, AMD FX6300)Needs some balancing tweaks, the skill tree doesnt have many skills I would want to put points into (because it would make the game too easy) and the skills I would want are unlocked with next-to-no effort.Looking forward to a ""Ziggy's HardCore Mod""All in all, a fun game! Way better than Unity but I find myself missing FC3 a little when I play it.Thanks for reading!"
76561198022179814,Recommended,298110,13030342,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,J FATT,Have no way of currently playing this game due to the black screen issue. Steam should pull this title from sale until UBISOFT fixes it.
,Recommended,298110,13173748,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,TheDavah,Amazing game! Took everything good from Far Cry 3 made it better then added more.
76561198121445244,Recommended,298110,13173974,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,DrHoeRoe,"while not as good as far cry 3 it is still a very fun game. it doesnt have as much story as far cry 3 did but it added so much more fun stuff to the open world which will be fun fun to paly till 100% completion. in some ways i feel the game is harder but when you get good weapons and skills and crafting, you will have no problem fighting enemys or huntings animals."
76561198015611795,Recommended,298110,13174272,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Michs,"I am working on day 3 playing offline and having a blast. The game isn't perfect but then again what in life is! I had a lot of fun with FC3 and FC4 is even better. The new additions like the copter is a blast to use. Fly high and drop napalm, that's my motto."
76561198093535523,Recommended,298110,13174464,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Scruffy,"Super dissapointed.I LOVED Far Cry 3 and Blood Dragon. LOVED em!I also have no problem with the ""next game"" being similar to the last game. (Just don't make it worse and include plenty of new story/experience).But Far Cry 4 is wonky and unhappy for me.  Story missions seem stuck in weirdly between the grinding. Often I'll be on a mission and be sidetracked by an ""event"" that interrupts the mission itself. I actually had trouble figuring out what to do next on several occasions...but not in a good way.I mean...that'd be awesome if it was a world full of possiblities and I could do anything! But it's a world full of grinding and I couldn't figure out how to advance the game (even so I could grind efficiently with waypoints and belltowers in the North).When the game actually gets in the way of the game itself, something has gone wrong.  The ""improvements"" they made over Far Cry 3 were mistakes that break immersion and pull you out of the story and into the ""open world"" aka ""grind"".I'd still give it a 6/10 and plan to finish it..but I'm hella dissapointed. (I'd have rated FC3 9/10 and hoped to rate this somewhere between 8/10 and 10/10).Maybe FC5 will be better...but I won't be preordering it."
76561198023588258,Recommended,298110,13176202,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Xeno,A worthy successor to Far Cry 3.  My only complaint is that it wasn't longer.  In the beginning there isn't much of a selection for what weapons to use but that changes quickly as you progress through the story.  A must have for anyone who likes first person shooters.
76561197999597388,Recommended,298110,13176273,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Smig,"Slightly disappointed, but good enough. Slightly disappointed because it's an inferior experience in comparison to Far Cry 3, and the main reasons for that are the plot and the characters.As for the characters, there's only one worthy of note, and that's the main antagonist, whom the player doesn't interact with for most of the game. It reminds me of Handsome Jack from Borderlands 2, since he also contacts the player during gameplay with either goofy stories, or more rarely, some insight into some characters you meet. Other than that, the two main characters that will accompany the player in this journey are bland, and serve mainly to advance the plot. It's unlikely you'll care a whole lot for any of them. Interestingly enough, there are three other antagonists that stand at key turning points in the game who seemed way more interesting, but unfortunately disappear shortly after they're introduced. All in all, compared to the cast of friends and family from Far Cry 3's protagonist, plus Citra and Vaas, not to mention other side characters; Far Cry 4 feels like it lacks character.About the plot, I have mixed feelings. I think it's original and inventive, in the way in intertwines in itself, but it only shines right at the end; and by the end, I mean the very last cutscenes. This plot doesn't provide the player with much motive to do what he's supposed to do, other than, ""it's a video-game about shooting things, so let's shoot things"". Again, contrast that with Far Cry 3, where the protagonist was given so much purpose. Between saving his friends and family, getting revenge and becoming a tribal hero (either by spiritual guidance or manipulation, depending on your take on Citra), there was plenty of motivation to go around. In this game, the protagonist comes simply to scatter his mother's ashes, when he's taken peacefully by a quirky king of the island, then leaves his palace while he's away, then joins a rebelion against him, seemingly just so that he can get to the place where he's supposed to scatter the ashes. Furthermore, the protagonist inexplicably has great skill at killing people with a knife and all sorts of firearms, plus, an uncanny ability to skin animals to craft better equipment for him. In Far Cry 3, this change was also appalling, but at least it attempted to justify the change. In this game, there's not even an attempt at justifying it.About the game mechanics, there are a few things that bother me. The skill tree is underwhelming. It seems smaller than Far Cry 3's, and most of them are very bland. An exception to this is the skill to mount an elephant, of course. I'm not a fan of the locks on some skills and weapons, that forces the player to do specific side quests a number of times. I'd rather they were kept optional, and the difficulty in getting those items based on an increased number of skill points or money, respectively, so that the player can pick what he wants to do, from all the optional activities, to unlock what he wants to take. Also, the climbing of towers to reveal the map is back, which I think is something that worn out its welcome a long time ago. Again, keeping those as optional quests would be fine, but linking them to clearing the map makes them mandatory, and 1st person platforming doesn't get any more fun the more you do it.The sandbox is, as always, fun, but it's crossing the line between being active and being annoying. Many more things happen as you travel around, not just in type, but in volume as well. For the most part, it's a good change. For instance, skirmishes between the two factions happen along the road much more frequently, and this time, the player actually gets rewarded by helping. The volume of these interruptions might be a little too over the top, though. Often it feels like the whole island is out to kill you, due unlikely chains of events that happen more than they should; like leaving an outpost only to have to go back to it seconds later because it's under attack, then leaving again only to be sidetracked by an event where you have to chase an enemy truck, only to be attacked by an eagle, then a leopard, then the bad guys show up, until you have to decide to just ignore the sandbox and do whatever you wanted to do in the first place.Having said all that, I'd still recomend this game. It's core mechanics are mostly unchanged since Far Cry 3, but they're still a lot of fun. Liberating outposts and fortresses never gets old, especially with all the options that the player has to deal with them. The addition of grappling is very circumstantial, so I didn't care for it. The addition of a buzzer, on the other hand, was very welcome; you basically have a small helicopter to cut down on long travel times. The sandbox nature of the game really comes to light as unscripted, unexpected awesomeness happens all the time. The weapons are fun to use. The animal life had a definitive upgrade with elephants and rhinos.All in all, it's a solid game, but if faced with the choice between this and its predecessor, I'd recomend Far Cry 3 instead."
76561198067486109,Recommended,298110,13088713,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,eliasaur,HUlk THink GAme gooD!!!!!
76561198057006053,Recommended,298110,13089126,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Ironnuts,Gameplay 10/10Graphics 10/10Story 10/10Riding elephants 10/10
76561198036728959,Recommended,298110,13089963,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,GD,pretty good game in the series havent found any reasons to say that it would be bad.
,Not Recommended,298110,16903674,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,CommieBastard,"amazing gun play, amazing action, and amazing fun that's♥♥♥♥♥♥on by a game that yells at you for any choice you make and the most likable character is a mass murdering psychopath. seriously i would LOVE to be a bad buy in this game because i want to shoot all the good guys in the head. this game is good but because of how unbelievly BS the story ""choices"" revolve around who do you want to ruin the country you saved. i seriously cannot begin to say how much i hate the writer of this game for making a game that i love become a game that i cannot stand to finish.10/10 would butt hurt again"
76561198058418645,Recommended,298110,16906343,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,VivifiedStriker,"Overall the same seems solid, but it fails to pull you in like Far Cry 2 and 3 did. Far Cry 4 seems like a rehash of Far Cry 3 just with a different map and new characters. If you loved Far Cry 3 I'm sure you'll like Far Cry 4 but be prepared, the novelty of it wears off fairly quickly."
76561198037556821,Not Recommended,298110,16927036,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Whippo,"you play games to have fun, correct? there are many points along the campaign where your fun will stop, too much wandering through dark, trippy caves. Many of these missions disable your hard earned weapons that took a lot of money and time to aquire. I give it a 6 out of 10, needs more shooty shooty, less whatever the hell that stupidity was..."
76561198067841644,Recommended,298110,16928168,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Mister Redeye,"I have played the Far Cry games since day one and I am still being amazed with each installment. FC4 is visually stunning and has an immersive story line. I would like to have seen more tangible consequences for the choices one is faced with throughout the main story but all in all it is a great game. One thing I will complain about/compliment the developers on is they did not withhold content from the initial release just to turn around and sell it back to us as DLC (a disgusting practice that has become the industry norm.) However, the short DLC missions leave a little to be desired. I would recommend this game for anyone who would love a FPS steeped in realism but infused with enough fantasy to keep it fun (ie. not dying from a single shotgun blast to the mouth.)5/5"
76561198097129218,Not Recommended,298110,16931670,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Nicolodo,If the game would run that would be great. I'm sure it must be ever so hard to add a dual core fix ubisoft.
76561198170157522,Recommended,298110,16212384,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,senor chang,"FarCry 4 is the latest installment in the farcry game series and wow am I shocked at how good it was, the mechanics and controls were perfect. The story line was gripping and action packed and theres so much to do and you DEFINANTLY will not get bored by this game, although I would not recommend this game if you are not a fan of the FPS genre or the other farcry games but I came into it with no knowledge of the other games and still found it amazing at the least. The island in which you are set on is a beautiful island full of a colorful environment and tons of animals to admire/hunt. Although for me the game had some technical issues such as it takes up so much space if you have a small hard drive to over heating my PC to the point of it shutting off. But other than those minor reasons this game is damn near perfectMy rate: 10/10 :)"
,Recommended,298110,16937134,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Blood Arnie,"""Watch out! Eagles! EEAAAGOLES!"" (c) every NPC everEagles are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,298110,16943523,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,+1,This game is awesome. I´d highly recommend it.vine.
76561198170148157,Recommended,298110,16947095,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,paolini030373,"Gran bel gioco, storia abbastanza lunga e ben articolata, dinamiche di gioco appasionanti... spero esca un altro capitolo della saga consiggliato!!!!!!!"
76561198023748588,Recommended,298110,16828796,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Not a seagull,Those eagles go full 'murica on you every f*kn 250 m
,Recommended,298110,16833625,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Going4yourmom,fantastic game!
76561198066250603,Recommended,298110,15223852,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,animal also clown,Got on an elephant and rammed the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of a dude in a truck.420/10 would play fc4 again.
76561197987589487,Recommended,298110,17165155,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,RIAMU,"I really enjoyed the vibe of this game. Yes it is based off the Far Cry 3 engine with only differences in characters, events and setting, but I identified more with Far Cry 4 than its predesessor. It certainly has its flaws, some strange design choices and cop-outs, but... it's a ubisoft game, and those are their hallmarks.There are considerable bugs with this game, be sure to double check your hardware against what is reccomended if you'd like to play it. For instance, my version of this game is unplayable now despite uninstalls and driver updates. I don't know if it's just the Steam version of this game that is buggy, but be cautious."
,Recommended,298110,17071617,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,twizzlerdiddler,♥♥♥♥ you rabi ray rana
,Recommended,298110,17168213,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Mentally Unstable,After playing both Far Cry 3 and 4 I have to say I am sad to have them end it was a lot of fun flying over mountains dirt biking over the trails saving hostages  helping a crazy black guy blow stuff up and much more! Now it's time to wait for the next one hopefully.....But all in all great game 9/10 did have some performance issues and crashing on startup but looking up solutions is easy.If you buy this game get ready for a good time and a bumpy ride!
,Recommended,298110,17168796,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Syuk_Dat_Deke,"Far Cry 4 is to Far Cry 3 what Saints Row 4 is to Saints Row 3. Coulda been an expansion, but in all honesty a bit better in game play wise, there is more to do, its beautiful, and its more of the same. However the story is very weak, it took a back seat for me, I prefered the side quests to the main story line. The major flaw to me is the ending, it just wasn't on the same level as Far Cry 3.I'd say buy this game but wait for a sale. I snagged it for $30 and feel that wasn't bad but you may want to wait for a $20, seeing as it has been cheaper on consoles, and Amazon even sold some copies for $15."
76561198010590304,Not Recommended,298110,17169618,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,NitroDubz,"Broken ♥♥♥♥ing glitch fest.Started off good.Now I literally can't play 5 minutes of this game without running into a game breaking bug.Broken mission scripts. It takes 10 minutes after clearing out an outpost for it to register.I have to keep leaving mission areas and coming back for it to give me the next objective.No matter how I tweak the setting, I get some kind of game breaking performance issue.I turn V-sync off, I get these flickering black boxes all over my screen. I turn it on. They go away but I get horrible studdering every 5 seconds.Not to mention pop-ins. Texture bugs. Stupid AI. Choppy aiming. Cutscene glitches.Its a real shame. I really love the Far Cry franchise, and I want to enjoy this game, but it needs about 10 more patches to even be considered playable on the PC.  WTF Ubisoft!"
,Recommended,298110,17130731,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Seroto-9,"As good as ever; it's the kind of game that Ubisoft are the masters at making: a deliciously-detailed open world, with sandbox mechanics that delight.If there's one sad consequence of the ultimate freedom it provides, it is that progression and direction can seem artificial: I'd like a better narrative-based reason to do things and not be just visiting icons from a map. I'm sure it's possible: I have my own ideas - feel free to get in touch should be reading this Ubi!"
,Not Recommended,298110,17137374,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Slim Jong Un,"How could I like it? I can't even open it. Yes, my computermeetsvery much surpasses the requirements. It never even makes it to a game screen. Just says that it has stopped working and needs to close. Couldn't see a single solution from the internet. If only I had installed it sooner, then I could have refunded it. Now I have $40 worth of junk occupying my hard drive and a ton of regret for buying too much too soon and not have time to test the games I bought."
,Recommended,298110,17140775,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,GenuinePork,"Lets start off with the way the game looks; Beutiful surrondings, great textures and graphics.The story; pretty good story in my opinion.The Protagonist; Very good job on this character, hes nervous but willing to help and sometimes unsure.GenuinePork professional opinion: 8/10Would give a bucket of KFC"
,Recommended,298110,17568744,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Harry,The story is short and it isn't as good as its predecessor but it's still fun and will take me about 30+ hours to get everything i think it still has a few bugs but nothing game breaking .A lot of the missions are quite repetitive but they're still fun and the story is quite interesting .Definitely worth getting this but i'd recommend getting it on sale as i think £30 for the game is a bit excessive but im used to low PC prices it does occasionally drop to £15 so get it then since it doesn't take too long to complete but if you have nothing to play this should keep you going for a while .It's worth mentioning i have only played single player
76561198023100146,Recommended,298110,17570190,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,SignusX1,"Not very far in, but so far the gameplay is fun and difficult. Not bad for the price. Great for the times I only have 1 or 2 friends online."
,Recommended,298110,17593820,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,OSSkur,"Pros:nice graphics, good storyCons:Pricey8/10"
76561198045613523,Recommended,298110,17608213,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Sekapoko,Far Cry 3 with a WAYYYYYYYYYYYYY better bad guy.#Best villian ever?
76561198202297961,Recommended,298110,17609483,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Harry Balzonya,This game is a great game. it has a very detailed open world as well as an action packed story. there are very few (if any at all) negative things to say about this game.
,Not Recommended,298110,14588078,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Kitsoran,Co-op constantly dropping out and game crashing before launching.
76561198166448121,Recommended,298110,17580374,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Dylanjay721,Far cry 4 is a awsome fun game but the campain can get boring but co-op is a slot of fun!
,Recommended,298110,17585988,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Kazerz,i have never in my entire life hated rhinos this much
76561198196360090,Recommended,298110,17486400,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Kritchie,great game would recommend buying it
76561197978671975,Recommended,298110,13219664,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Ghostbear,"DOES NOT WORK...with dualcore cpu.But otherwise a great game, like Farcry 3."
76561198172152231,Recommended,298110,17475383,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Doochebaggian,"Story is alright, gameplay is fun. Having problems playing the dlc though."
,Recommended,298110,17477911,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,thezorch,"If you liked Far Cry 3 you'll like Far Cry 4. It's more of the same, except for the flying. That's probably the most awesome part. Jumping off a mountain side and spreading your wingsuit wings to glide to the valley floor feels great. But, flying in a mini-copter and fighting from the air is so worth it."
76561198063476519,Recommended,298110,16566990,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Orange BMW,♥♥♥♥♥
76561198055576691,Recommended,298110,16571416,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,rymac132,story written by m night shyamalan
,Not Recommended,298110,16575694,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,ArkonBlade,Refund Simulator 2015.Bought this game 7 months after release thinking by now it would work right. It doesnt... at all. Can barely get the game to start. Get stuck at a black screen when i load it up if i manage to get past that It takes for ever to load. like 15 minutes from when i finally start the game till i get in the game. Thats barring it doesnt error out while loading up.I have a FX 8320 at 4.0 with a GTX 780 and 8GB of RAM. So its not for lack of PC Power on my side. I tried a few fixes seeing if i could get it to work no Luck.Don't know why i expected any less from Ubisoft. All they make is broken garbage. Getting my money back on this trash.
,Recommended,298110,16552577,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Washable,"Really well done, about 6 hours in and I love taking down outposts and everything. Keep up th good work."
76561197981525492,Recommended,298110,16582278,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Baly,- Went out to hunt honey badgers for last weapon holder upgrade.- Thought shot with a freakin' bow to the head has to kill them.- Watched that arrow stick out of his skull as he rekt me.10/10 would boost badger♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥next patch
76561198081176141,Recommended,298110,16520932,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Reaper-5313,Loved this game
,Recommended,298110,16533427,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Briana_The_Diva,"Well, where do I start? There are some drawbacks to this game and I'll start with those. The most annoying thing is that you can't type to your partner in co-op. The only way to talk is if you have a microphone, and I don't have any idea how to use that on this game so I'm not going to buy a headset. Another thing is, the story is cool but it seems kind of vague. Like, I have finished the campaign and I still don't know how the war started, or why I am even fighting this guy and his troops. It kind of seems like we're taking him over because we feel like it. I mean Pagan and his troops did some terrible things, but if I lived there I would just take a boat or a plane and move somewhere else. Other than that, I don't really like how the difficulty settings operate. I actually find taking over an outpost on hard easier than on medium. Yes the enemies do more damage, but when I took over an outpost on hard they all came towards me in a group. I just tossed C4 at them and blew them all up. Much easier than having to work around buildings and such. Also it is a lot like Far Cry 3, but different enough for me.Ok, now for what I like about it.First of all, the graphics are amazing. I mean, the water was done sort of poorly, but other than that the game looks great, especially on max settings which I can run on my GTX 770.Secondly, there are so many different battle strategies to choose from. Unlike many FPS games, you don't choose classes. Instead, you choose each weapon individually. I like (ok, love) taking over outposts and fortresses. I also like the option to reset all of the outposts so you can take them over all over again without restarting the game. Some outposts I take over by running in and shooting everyone, and I like the reinforcements because it adds more challenge. Other times I like planting mines, shooting a gun in the air, and then running to the other side of the outpost. Most of them go towards the gun shot and get blown up by the mines. Then I can snipe a few of them or the rest of them, and sometimes I can use their mortars to finish the rest of them off. And then, since I have the biggest ammo bags, I have 50 grenades in my grenade launcher, so I once just took a buzzer, or small helicopter, and flew above an outpost and killed most of them with the grenade launcher from the air. It does take skill and practice to do this which is rewarding. Then once I took over a fortress with nothing but a bow and my knife.The good, and kind of bad thing is that once you unlock all of the bell towers, you get a gun called a buzzsaw. This thing can go a decent range, so acts as a close range sniper rifle. Each clip holds about 300 rounds, so you hardly ever have to reload. Also the bullets are so big and the fire rate is so high, you can kill a heavy in literally 2 seconds. Well, anything you shoot with it will die in 2 seconds, even a Rhino or an elephant. The only thing is that when you do that, all you can get most of the time is damaged flesh or skin, so it reaps no scalvaging value.As for the map and interface, I find this game much easier to use than Far Cry 3. Perhaps I didn't take the time to learn hotkeys in FC 3 or something, but on that note, it's much easier to learn in FC 4, as the game shows you tutorials and tips showing you the controls of the game and how to use it, which isn't in FC 3. On the map in FC 4, when you mouse over an animal, it actually tells you what kind of animal it is, one thing I really wish was in FC 3. Also you can buy map upgrades, which I'm not sure about in FC 3 if you can or not.The new vehicles and features in FC 4 are great. I'd say the most improvements are the helicopter and the wing suit, and I almost forgot, the grapple hook. It makes it so much easier to get around. I find in FC 3 I'm spending a lot of time just getting from point A to point B, and often getting somewhere just to realize that I have to go a long way around because there's a cliff there. These features are actually what really sold me on this game, other than the graphics. Also the auto drive feature is great, but it is a good idea to keep your hands on the controls if you don't want to run friendlies over, or if there is an enemy truck that starts following you and shooting at you.In general, I played FC 3 for a while and didn't get that into it. In fact I might get back into it now that I know how to play the game well, thanks to FC 4. I got hooked on this game and keep playing it even though I've finished the main campaign. There are a lot of new things in this game, and even though it's kind of a FC 3.5, I find it much more enjoyable. Also, (note, on ULTRA settings at 1080p) the explosions are GREAT on this game. I'd say it's worth every penny."
76561198005247174,Recommended,298110,16537434,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Nattypack,"Fun game and alot of  replayabilty, worth a try"
76561198043734584,Not Recommended,298110,13754417,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,rdfairfax,The game a fatal error and will not open. i can't judge the content of the game as it will not open.  I look forward to being able to play it I've owned the game since christmas and still haven't been able to play it.
,Recommended,298110,13672686,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,muffinsAKA,"If you liked Far Cry 3 and wished for more, here it is. Kyrat is a lot of fun to explore especially when you can wingsuit around the map. Just like Far Cry 3 I spent hours taking outposts and fortresses long before continuing the actual story missions.The story hits on a lot of the same beats as 3 which is a shame. It's still interesting but shows a bit of hesitation at moving to something more direct. I suppose when you're trying to have multiple endings it's hard to be anything but vague."
,Recommended,298110,13672718,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,[P2G] Alpha-Q_214,"After playing several hours threw this game I must say it is a pleasure to play. It is a beautiful game and from the very beginning is feels like Far Cary 3. There are a lot of good things about this game but I have found a few things I didnt like.Pros-1. Visuals-The game looks beautiful and the world is HUGE. The detail that went into this game is outstanding and maxing out the setting makes everything look amazing.2. Content-There is so much gameplay that you might never get bored. From following the story to a disappointing ending to hunting and gathering to craft bags and increase ammo and money capacity.3. Map Editor-I love the fact that a map editor is included in the game and it gives you a sandbox for 4 types of mission. I prefer making outpost missions and testing how hard you can make it to go undetected, or make it like shooting fish in a barrel.Cons-1. The story-The story started out very well and I rather enjoyed getting thrown into this rebel uprising. You are then given choices on who you deside to follow within the Golden Pass, but when I finished the main story it feels like no choices I made even matter. Who I killed and who I decided not to kill made no difference in the end plot and they are also not even brought up again. It took about 10 hours for me to complete the main story, but I took another 10 just exploring, hunting, crafting, taking outposts and unlocking weapons, not to mention the hours you can spend in the gladiators arena.2. Glitches and Bugs-With worlds this big there is always bound to be a few bugs, some I ran into in my hours of gameplay came from being detected by nothing to clearing a outpost or fortress only to find that it wouldnt complete it. I then had to leave or die and do it again which after 10 mins of scouting and planning would get annoying. Other glitches I found were with Hunter class enemies and animals not changing back to wild after there death which wasn't to big of a deal. The last glitch was just in AI moving glitches when the would rrandomly shoot across an area to another location while walking. Sometimes it was funny because they glitched off the mountain to there own death."
76561198075030306,Recommended,298110,13674543,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,DINKLEBERG,makes me happy to shank a man
,Recommended,298110,13675004,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Aporia,The only game where it takes multiple ammo clips to kill a tiger 10/10
76561198018775163,Recommended,298110,13675125,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,INIMICUS,Good game!!! Stroy was better in 3 but still a solid game.
,Recommended,298110,13742511,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Brackso,"I love the story and the massive feel of the world and fun quests. But the PvP in this game is just so unbalanced, one faction can stealth. How do this even making PvP fun, balanced and fair game play?Mixing FarCry with Assasins Creed is a big fail. If Ubisoft had made Golden Path vs Pegan Min`s menn, this whould have been the best FPS of the year for me.+ I recommend this game for the single player and co-op . And not to forget the awesome map editor tool.- PvP this is just unbalanced and boring.4/10 because I am a PvP player and like games balanced and fair."
76561198089055403,Recommended,298110,13743887,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Forkinator9000,"Fun as bloody hell, nuff said. Buy it. Buy it now."
,Recommended,298110,13744047,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Mushy-93,"I like it alot.The Story is pretty on Rails (meaning no real choises, just like most games) but It's still good.I never played far cry 3 but I hear that this game is basicly a $60 DLC to it so if you played FC3 you may feel that this game is far below acceptable levels as it is reportadly the same game.Think of it like Borderlands 2 VS Borderlands PreSecule or Saints Row 4 vs Saints Row 5, they are esentualy $60 DLC but if you liked the first one you will like the next."
,Not Recommended,298110,13746739,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Stonygman,"Although one would think after their blockbuster hit Far Cry 3, why not pick it's follow up Far Cry 4 on release? BIG MISTAKE.The game is going through several patching focused on fixing minor issues BUT, the most crucial, annoying, frustrating bugs remains at it's fullest... Stutter and FPS loss. I hate to tune down my settings when I know my rig is more than capable of running this game in Ultra.What is the point on going gun blazing with graphics and presentation when you sacrifice quality decided by playability. Game mechanics, exploration, vehicles, gun customization and beautiful landscapes is what makes this game still a decent shooter. That if you can tolerate performance issues during gameplay.My best advice would be for you to wait until Ubisoft is done with their pathetic patches, which is ridiculous and for a price cut. As it is, I regret paying full retail price although I don't think I will buy another of their games this easily anymore. On the other hand, if you feel like going trough a photo slideshow with random black screens be my guest.This gotta be Ubisoft's worst year, ruining some of the most anticipated titles for PC gamers either by lying to us like they did with Watch Dogs or, releasing half baked products like AC:U and now FC4?!?!"
76561197971091826,Recommended,298110,13747142,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Darth Kitty™,Awesome game- even better than FC3.
76561198006221358,Recommended,298110,13747600,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,brianhopper,My son and I both really enjoyed this game. Bad thing is that you can only have one game save. We both wanted to play so we played the game together. Otherwise this game is amazing. Go play Far Cry 3 after you play this game and you will see a big difference!!
76561198080626389,Not Recommended,298110,13749348,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Winter,"When I try to play this game, my controller and my mouse lag so badly that the game is impossible to play. I don't know whose fault this is, but, like as not, it's Steam. Your service is hilariously unreliable; 50% of the games I buy from you do not work. You should be ashamed of yourselves. You give us no option to return defective merchandise, making your service little better than robbery. Eventually, a competant rival will get a foot in the door, and then you will go out of business in short order. Have a bad day, you morons."
,Not Recommended,298110,13749867,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Uzi Foo,"Can't even launch the game.Uplay start, then it takes for every to syncronize the sames (why?), then it stops doing that and nothing happens...Had it running for a but running uplay and the game as administrator, but that's not working any more."
76561197978500346,Recommended,298110,13749868,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Super Nintendo Chalmers,"Saved villiagers from enemy soliders, watched them get torn to shreds by Honey badgers. 10/10"
,Recommended,298110,13708508,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Pink Guy,"If you're planning on running at 2560x1440/60fps on ultra have some serious horsepower on hand, my single 970 can bearly push 40fps at those settings and turning it down to 1080p and running at non native res just looks horrible. Just some advice. Otherwise game is great!"
,Recommended,298110,13737796,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,McSinned,Love it. If you liked Far Cry 3 then you'll like this. It's exactly what I was hoping for.
,Recommended,298110,13742095,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,PICKLES™,lots of FUN!!!
76561198057918559,Not Recommended,298110,13772013,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Tours732,glitchy as ♥♥♥♥........massively over-rated.......reskin of FC3......awkward character movements....dont buy!
,Not Recommended,298110,13773596,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Dragonlord Corrin,Game needs a quad core processor which I think is bull because of the fact that im running wolfeinstein the new order on a dual core processor at ultra graphics with 60+ frames per second. I just blew 40 bucks time to blow 60 on a ps4 copy....
76561198040394130,Recommended,298110,18110489,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Sneakatoke420,One word. Epic. Recommended.
76561198159060263,Recommended,298110,18338747,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Prince Gooly,One of the best games.
76561198060641723,Not Recommended,298110,18320904,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,csanchez024,"I'm only giving this game a thumb down because... if you take everything from Far Cry 3 that made it the amazing game it is, and took AWAY all those great things, you get Far Cry 4.Far Cry 3-Great story!-Bad♥♥♥♥♥Villian-Interesting map-Relatable interesting protagonist-Overall interesting characters throughout the game-Tons of new stuff to seperate it from FC2Far Cry 4Quite literally, none of the above.As I said to a friend who hadn't played either... Get FC3. If you beat it and just want to keep experience the GAMEPLAY, then get 4. But it won't be as interesting."
,Recommended,298110,18321191,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Coremaster,Great Game
76561197999668533,Recommended,298110,19064990,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,setzor,gg what a beautiful game!
76561198127656156,Recommended,298110,19065175,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Its Bagoom Mogli,great game  with alot of things to do after you finish the storywith good weapons and stealth
,Recommended,298110,30603350,Posted: 18 March,all,Fuck.,Great StoryGood graphicsGood WeaponsGood vehiclesWorth checking out if you have the money8/10
,Recommended,298110,19023814,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Mashedy,i have over 50+ hours and the game never gets old. I've very much enjoyed the campaign playing by myself and the ability to invite a friend to help me conquer the bigger fortresses in the game is just amazing. Riding an Elephant with a flamethrower? UH yeah. Worth every pennny.
76561198233034080,Recommended,298110,19084756,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Fritzsche,"Basically improved Far Cry 3, nonetheless, Far Cry 4 is an amazing game. A must have."
76561198124882001,Recommended,298110,19079399,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,weefree1,good game!
,Recommended,298110,19014963,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Miles,"Ran very well on my budget system! This game is lightyears better than Far Cry 3, and FC3 was a terrific game. I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys the Far Cry series, first person shooters or even open-world RPG's."
,Recommended,298110,19004196,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Your Left Nipple™,A really good game with A lot of meat in the story I have 60 hours in it still am not even close to finishing even half of the game and if you have another friend taking over things such as fortresses can be a lot of fun I the time I write this review this game is only 20 bucks on♥♥♥♥♥witch is really worth the price.
,Recommended,298110,19036711,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Leo,"8.5/10This game shows off its beautiful graphics and deep storyline, and has a good replayability to it.The only problem is the amount of bugs that are still present.The graphics in this game are astounding, everything looks realistic, and it is easy to immerse yourself into it, along with the help of the story. It provides for every playstyle as well, wether you like stealth or rockets. The game is also highly replayable, as you can reset the outpost to capture them again, or improve your scores on said captured outposts by playing outpost master. There's plenty of side missions and DLC as well. On top of that, there's also a map creator and a co-op mode, meaning that even after you have earned 100% completion rate of the game, there's still more to do.The problem comes in with the bugs, spoilers ahead.When using thewingsuit, there's a chance that, if  theparachuteanimation starts too late or too early, you'll either hit a rock and die halfway through the animation, or fall to your death.Another bug I've noticed is that enemies can spawn inside rocks, and NPC's will sometimes float around in the air. Cars sometimes also spin on their vertical axis.Also, somwetimes waypoints will just straight up disappear.One more thing I don't like is the bindings.F is the button forpicking up bodiesandslashing your knife.This wouldn't be that much of a problem if you could change it in the settings, but you can't, they have to be the same key.Again, even that wouldn't be a problem, but since I prefer stealth, when taking down an outpost and I press F topick up a body and move it, it would sometimesslash my knife instead, alertingeveryonein the base that I am there.Another bind that was horribly choses is E. E is used tosearch bodiesandswitch wepons. If I want tosearch a body, sometimes I'll accidentlypick up their weapon instead, whichthrows your weapon out into an unretrievable location, or just under the map itself, meaning you have to go to an outpost to restock.Even though these bugs exist and the bindings can be annoying, I still found it an extremly fun game to play, and would recommend it for anyone who likes open world FPS's."
,Recommended,298110,19038511,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Skeet,Beautiful Game!
,Recommended,298110,18979378,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,WimpLow,Fear the eagles...
,Recommended,298110,18982061,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Bobyzola,"Buy it on sale not full price. It is an enjoyable game but just feels like a reskin of Far Cry 3. The story is also pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥and none of the main villains are memorable. Far Cry 3 attempted to explain how Jason became a stone cold killer. There was none of this in Far Cry 4. A man came to the country to scatter ashes and now he is fighting in a civil war. Where is the logic in that? I also really hated the ending.You had to chose between  Amita and Sabal to lead the Golden Path. Both are horrible people. Amita wants to turn the country into a drug state, which will make money not feed the people,  and Sabal is a religious extremist who executes those who defy him. Why do I have to pick between two horrible people when I just won the civil war pretty much single handedly?"
,Recommended,298110,18982355,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Cranioman,"As aways Far Cry tends to top itself.Immersive gameplay, a lot like FC3 with a different story and different choices to do during the development of the narrative.A great experience, worth the time invested to beat it!"
,Recommended,298110,18972426,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,C4Gamer,Was Hunting A Demon Fish Jump On A Villagers Boat Drove it saw the Demon Fish Threw C4 at it Blow it Villager and Boat got Sunk Under the Water And The Demon Fish Didnt Die yet i swim back to shore and got ♥♥♥♥ed by a rhino Best Game Ever  10/10 would play it (amazingly delayed post)
,Recommended,298110,19021797,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,IRONHATEN,"A great game with a lot of guns, lots of bad people to kill, animals to hunt, things to see, awesome stuff to do, awesome graphics and amazing gameplay with a far fethched plot. I have had tones of fun on this game and I think you will to!!!I WOULD totaly recommened, I love this game!!!!!"
,Recommended,298110,17831310,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Bilbo Baggins III,"I had literally a windows 7 laptop that was 2 years old and almost out of memory space and it lags, but none the less, i loved the game"
76561198040297916,Recommended,298110,15457732,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Bigjigga,I'm addicted... Love it.
,Recommended,298110,15458034,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,vrykolakas,"Alright kids, gather around grandpa. It's story time.Haha just kidding.But seriously buy this freaking game, get a friend, and tear♥♥♥♥♥♥up in co-op.Do it.Graphics are great, gameplay is great, arena/tournament mode is pretty fun. So are all the little easter eggs.And the gyro copter man. THE FREAKING GYROCOPTER. Guess what you can do from a gyrocopter on co-op with a friend?SHOOT. FREAKING. MISSILES.11/10 get this freaking game.also there is a yetiCons-the thing i didnt like was that pagin min was BARELY in the game and he was the strongest character anywayalso ♥♥♥♥ Anita and that other dude. He was a♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,298110,15458777,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Deathstroke,"vaya truño, 40 euros a la ♥♥♥♥♥♥, despues de pagarlo, bajarlo durante horas se me pone la pantalla negra al iniciarlo y eso que antes de bajarlo me asegure de que cumplía todos los requisitos, en internet no veo ninguna solucion nada mas que para juegos pirata"
,Recommended,298110,15766317,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Shleal,if you like Far Cry 3 then you sh ould like this one...
,Recommended,298110,15767735,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Entropy,"Gets somewhat repetitive (as do pretty much all games of this type), but overall was lots of fun and even more entertaining than its predecessor."
,Recommended,298110,15547855,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Mithril,"Love this game, much better than Far Cry 3. Especially the Shangri-La parts. I would love to see a game exploring the Indian mythology to the fullest (like the Shangri-La parts. Loved that the guy spoke in native tongue). So many possibilities. The only issue is the last SL mission, it is very badly designed (and the boss can fall through the floor, which forces you to start that mission all over again) You'll see it when you get there. But I do enjoyed this game a lot. Some minor issues here and there. Some graphical parts where is you set the options in a certain way, you can see the polygons appear, and very frequent LOD blending. It breaks the immersion mostly. Very rarely (I only saw it in three places) the screen could go black (and only at the same location every time). It didn't crash, just didn't draw anything from the scene. I have never seen that happen in any game before. That must be fixed. Another issue is the weapon system. By that I mean purchasing weapons, and unlocking them. Some unlockables are completely worthless, you won't ever use them because... well.. they suck to be honest. It would have been soo much better if they looked at let's say Fallout instead. Where you find certain weapons at locations, and *then* they become available. It promotes exploration, and increases replayability. Especially if you are a completionist like I am."
76561198172499251,Recommended,298110,15783047,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,stoney,good game
,Not Recommended,298110,15785465,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,koffE,"On paper this is a thing of beauty, in practise it struggles to captivate me."
,Recommended,298110,15780783,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,eXstermos,like skyrim
76561198069467399,Recommended,298110,16801859,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,john16475,"Good game, much like Farcry 3.That said, its taxing on your pc, not sure what the hell kind of computer would run on full graphics.Fun, exciting gameplay.I enjoy the challenge of a bow! Always sneaking and trying to be the ninja type is quite fun.It crashes a whole lot on me and for a while I could not even play it for some odd reason. Had to unistall the entire thing and reinstall.Besides the few minor hangups, it is a fun game and it's worth playing if you enjoyed Farcry 3.I would highly recomend the bow route, it's exciting.Also, beware of the bears..."
,Recommended,298110,16742312,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Gizmo Xaris,"Definitely a must for anyone who enjoyed the previous title in the series.Graphical detail is beautiful, pushing the already serene beauty of Far Cry 3 into more of a Skyrim-esque high altitude mountain environment. Gameplay is very similar to FC3, some of the weapon animations are similar, yet tweaked to be a bit different, still have the radio towers and outposts to liberate, and you've still got two main areas to the gameplay map, the second of which doesn't open to you until you've progressed through the missions and the enemies in which are more trained and award double EXP just like the pirates to mercs transition on FC3. You now get a grappling hook to scale certain cliffsides easier without looking for another way up/down, you've got new vehicles like the buzzer helicopter (which is really fun if you've got an m79 on your sidearm slot) and they've added a substantial amount of new guns, signature weapons, side missions and other goodies that just make this game more worth grabbing if you haven't yet.I could go on about everything but I wouldn't want to spoil it all. I will say that I'm surprised at it's controller support though. Just about every game I've seen with gamepad support mainly uses only the Xbox 360 input, but FC4 on the other hand has native support (with icons) for the Dualshock 4 ontop of support for the X360 pad. It works great, but in my experience with it there's a few bugs relating to this (which I've reported recently to ubisoft's support) specifically being the force feedback doesn't work for the dualshock 4 (it does work for the 360 pad) and there's a button icon on your menu which is incorrect (should show R1 but instead has R2 showing). I know the FF issue isn't my controller being borked as I've used it with InputMapper (AKA DS4Windows) and vibration works fine on it then.TL:DR, Liked FC3? You'll love the next installment. :3"
76561198021847031,Not Recommended,298110,16743134,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Grumbleboots,"I am not a newcomer to the world of Farcry, in fact I have played every last one of them since they begun to be released. That being said, I do not suggest Farcry 4 to anyone, unless they haven't played FC3 and FC4 was cheaper that day due to a sale.That being said, the overall feel of Farcry 4 is left to be desired. I'm not going to comment on the graphic intensity of the game itself (Although I do have issues with the screen tearing at times), but I will say that unlike FC2 and 3, you don't feel as if your character is swept up into something bigger than themselves. You're coming to bury your mother, right? Suddenly you become a commando, without any gradual changes inside the player character himself, unlike FC3. Also, in terms of artifical difficulty, you are placed solo against unwelcoming odds, where one bullet will take away half your life, while hundreds of them are flying into your direction. Sure, it adds a touch of realism, but outside of that, it leads to frustration.Needless to say, I wished Blood Dragon was it's own game, and FC4 was on the cutting room floor."
,Recommended,298110,13096390,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,xarskii,"Have 2 different ways to be called in the game:Ah-jay Gha-lieA-jay Gale10/10 would be called by them again!----Once did not find the correct way to climb onto the tower, then jumped off from a buzz and successfully landed on a certain level.10/10 would jump again!"
,Recommended,298110,16622812,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Concreteman,I found a pig. I decided not to kill pig. Pig was my friend now.Turned and walked away then heard an eagle. Saw eagle trying to pignap pigfriend.Shot eagle and watched both eagle and pigfriend tumble down a cliff.Pigfriend avenged.10/10
76561197961212854,Recommended,298110,16625382,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Snookums,"As a Farcry veteran i was highly doubtful about this game when it was announced.I was even more doubtful when i saw the first gameplay trailers.I was certain that this game was a cheap upgrade to FC3 as so many game-series had done before to boost the succes of their previous title by just adding some stuff and calling it a sequel.Farcry 4 is just that, but i was wrong !Let's be honest, FC3 was good... very good even considering that all Farcy games ( and the Crysis series) were mostly meant as a showcase of cryengine and beyond.But there were flaws in FC3 that made the game not more then a showcase...an impressive one but not the game a real good game would be with the details being the devil that made FC3 stand out...but not enough to be legendary.Farcry 4 is what FC3 should have been.... there has been more thoughts about details, gameplay comfort and even some replayability.....because let's be honest again....FC3 was dull as soon as you wiped out all outposts.But you said you were wrong ? But you said FC3 is a showcase ? And you said FC4 was a cheap sequel to a popular formula.Glad you asked... ;)the answers are.... Yes, Yes and ....Yes.To be honest, i liked FC3 for as long as it lasted. And playing this game has made me realize quickly i had missed playing FC3. This game actually is still very much fun to play and to just sandbox around in marveling at the level design with is particularly good in this iteration.It's the best cheap knockoff, showcase game i ever played.In conclusion: If you can bare the thought of installing Uplay on your precious device, if you can stand the fact that Ubisoft is milkcowing this francise, and if you can abide the thought of playing a more original, absurd and very good looking farcry 3 episode 2 ...... then this game is perfect.I guess we shouldn't always look out for the next new idea.....i was happily surprised the concept has stayed the same...and still could be thoroughly entertained."
76561198203130509,Not Recommended,298110,16629926,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,keithcotton,"rubbish so far very jerky,  very very slow at starting, to be honest im not happy with the downloaded copy."
,Recommended,298110,16685752,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,GCAwolf,"Got this game on sale for $25. And to be perfectly honest, It has been my best purchase so far. Great game 9/10."
,Recommended,298110,16685995,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Mudokon,"If you loved Far Cry 3, then consider this Far Cry 3.5, the crafting and open worldness continues but I felt rushed through the campaign to get to the end as I lost interest while in Far Cry 3, the elements of crafting and animal AI was cool, now its ""been done"" in Far Cry 4."
,Not Recommended,298110,16686095,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Rhyme'nocerous,jump 2 feet. atomaticly activate wing suit. run into a tree and die
,Recommended,298110,13174454,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Valkyrie,"Fun game, but the fact the game decides to save once every 5 hours and completely ignores my manual save makes it deserve a thumbs down.EDIT: The game was fixed not long after my review. Farcry 4 is a lot like Farcry 3, in fact it's really just a reskin with a new story line, but that doesn't mean it's not fun as hell. Definitely recommended."
76561198071981927,Recommended,298110,16688534,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,jtc0999 (TCOL),I bailed from my hang gliderLanded on the ground SafelyGlider landed on top of me and killed me10/10 would glide & die again
,Recommended,298110,16688858,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,~CaNdLeBoX~,3 was a lot better. This game has it's flaws. But the rest is good. The story is good so far. I hear the story line is really short. Not really all about a game for the graphics. But Ubisoft did a great job.
76561198016828227,Recommended,298110,16444992,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Slimwaffle,10/10 This game is brilliant and stunning. Also I really love that when you use fire weapons the grass and trees actually catch fire and can cause a bush fire.
76561198075197095,Recommended,298110,16657338,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,RonFB,good
,Recommended,298110,16658791,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Throseph,Solid action title with loads to do. Maybe a little too much emphasis on collectables abut given how much fun the world is to run around they don't feel like the chore collectables can feel like in other games. If you enjoyed 3 this is more of the same. Loads of fun.
76561198054476291,Recommended,298110,16659697,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Mr Skeltal,"A kinda hearted game tha shows that sometimes working with those who at first seem like villians can be the nicest guys, it was kind of short though 8/10"
,Recommended,298110,16663108,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,hives42,"Let me start by saying a few words about Far Cry 3 so people who know it can evaluate my review a little bit better: I enjoyed the gameplay - even though some parts were very repetitive - and the island setting, the exploration and fighting, and I enjoyed the characters and the story, at least until the ending, which I hated. With that in mind, here is what I thought about FC4 in a few words:First of all, mostly concerning the gamplay, but also everything else apart from setting and story, some reviewers called it FC3.5, and I have to agree. It really feels like more of the same, even though a few really cool things have been added (small helicopter things to fly around in and the grapple to climb mountains, for example). However, all elements work perfectly and everything is well thought-through in my opinion, so it's not necessarily a bad thing to keep the basics unchanged. Also, the new setting is really beautifully stunning (or vice versa ;) ) and it gives a great convincing background for the more mystic/fantastic parts of the game. I personally liked the island setting better, but it was not better done in my opinion, it's just my taste. Some new characters like Pagan Min, Longinus and Yogi & Reggie were really cool and actually had some kind of depth to them, too.And, most importantly, the new story was very good in my opinion. It had way more depth, logic and sincerity to it than FC3 in my opinion, even though the beginning felt very rushed and the relationship between the gamer and the bad guy was very different(and felt less threatening).Especially the ending was really great in my opinion and left a big impression on me. I do not want to include any spoilers but let me just say thatit added a lot of depth to the game and gave a lot of sense to the actions and behavior of a very important antagonist.I really enjoyed this game and would recommend it to FC fans as well as to open world FPS gamers generally and maybe even some RPG fans with a taste for exploration, combat and adventure.However, since it really feels like (a very good) FC3.5 and it has a relatively high price tag, I would generally recommend getting it on sale."
76561197971178843,Recommended,298110,16663776,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,SplinterMP,Awesome graphics and gameplay
76561198071864629,Recommended,298110,16663779,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,bejeweledmaster,"THIS REVIEW CONTAINS *MINOR* STORY PLOT SPOILERSIn my 30+ years of gaming I have seen the introduction of the ""shooter"" starting wtih the original Wolfenstein. Then, the introduction of the ""3D shooter"" in 1992 with Wolfenstein 3D. I've seen the introduction of many ""groundbreaking"" series that bring something new to the table, graphically, mechanically, design wise and story wise.FarCry4 is a game that takes all of the mechanics that have defined seperate genres and has polished them to a level of sophistication that is truly impressive.  Graphics are excellent, depending on the GPU that you have. I have a GEFORCE GTX 780 Ti and I run it on ULTRA, with shadows on LOW.  The speed of the game is good, and the variety of things you can do - the sense of AGENCY the game gives you - is similar to Fallout 3, and others.In this game you get a house, upgrade the house, engage in MAIN story plots, SUB story plots, and randomly generated ""Karma"" events where you have to save people from the Royal Army and their brutal tactics.This game is both fun to watch AND play. My wife wanted this game because she wanted to watch me play it. And I wanted it because it was the follow-up to FarCry 3. If you liked that game, this game is built on the same engine and runs graphically about the same.She is having a great time watching the GOLDEN PATH missions in the game, and watching the storyline unfold. The missions are challenging and show sophistication - you can't just go in hot every time - or you'll fail. YOU as the player need to get creative - some missions are ONLY achieved if you use stealth, and others you have to get creative, attacking from both land AND air. You can hunt animals, craft upgrades, and choose the path of the  story through your actions. Your actions have consequences.The game has the story line as you, AJ GALE, son of Mohan, and the rightful heir to the Golden Path. The game rises in difficulty as you go from the Southern portion of the game in part 1, to the North in part 2. The landscape changes as you would expect, and snow is a weather feature.Eagles dive-bomb you and claw out your eyes. Rhinos attack you and bears try to rip you to shreds. You can ride elephants and fly through the air on a rickety chopper. You do quests, or you just walk around and enjoy the vast open world.Overall I would highly recommend this game to almost any player who has enjoyed  in previous games the mechanics that I mentioned, and to anyone who finds some of the story plot compelling. It's truly enjoyable."
,Not Recommended,298110,17014391,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,andrew,"This game worked great for the first 12 hours of gameplay. But then the game broke completely. whenever I clicked the play button it configures saves and stops in it's tracks. If this happens to you and you have a solution please tell me! This game works great when it works. Wait for a fixEDIT: I fixed my problem!!! IF YOU ARE HAVING THIS SAME PROBLEM AND NEED HELP PLEASE READ THIS!!My problem that broke my game could have been 2 things.The first thing it could have been was MSI Afterburner.The thing that broke my game was Rivatuner.Rivatuner is a screen recording device that will be installed on your computer when installing MSI Afterburner, if you don't uncheck the ""INSTALL RIVATUNER"" box when installing.If you do have Rivatuner installed on your computer uninstall it.If you use Rivatuner for recording footage and can't make content without it, I am sorry!The first thing I would do is look online for some workarounds.I did find some workarounds for this problem online, but none worked for me.I hope this helped! ILY"
,Recommended,298110,17879234,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Terry Kaffarov,"Awesome game,but is not better than Far Cry 3."
,Recommended,298110,13614861,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,edups,if you have a Dual core processor just don't. But I upgraded to an i5 and it is dank af some may find it dissapointing as there is no sex scenes that i know of but gameplay is awesome but can be fustrating with the amount of predator attacks when your trying to steathily takeover outposts
,Recommended,298110,13226389,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,ThePurplePepper,"If the game crashes or has FPS issues and other sh*t like that, it's not a ♥♥♥♥ing reason to give it a ♥♥♥♥ing 0/10 rating because it doesn't deserve it.Yes Uplay sucks, Yes it crashes, Yes it doesn't load, Yes it's a console port, Yes Yes Yes....If the game works pretty well on the Majority of peoples' computers, then it's a decent game, not perfect, but decent.SPECS:Quad-Core i7 3770k 3.4GHz8 GB RAMGTX 770 4VRAM600WWindows 8.1The game works fine for me (Very High - 60fps, NVIDIA - 30fps) and looks ♥♥♥♥ing gorgeous, better than every game out there.Gameplay is fuild and the AI is somewhat threatening, not super smart by any means.Sound and menu design is creative, though it's a console port but it's very user friendly.Storyline is very engaging and action packed, some people say Far Cry 3's storyline is superior. I disagree. Jason, The main charachter IS better than the Ajay, and Vass IS crazier than Pagen, but the storyline feels much more realistic, reasonible amd mature, and it doesn't include ♥♥♥♥ING QUICK TIME EVENTS. Final mission build-up is epic and better than FC3's as it should be, and it matches the mission very well.Game is escorted by beatiful, graphicaly-impressive cinematical Cut Sences, which are fun to watch and listen to (without skipping option D:)Final Verdict:8/10 - Amazing game (Current state: glitches, bugs, crashes, freezez and other stuff)After Patches In The Future:9/10 - Bad♥♥♥♥♥Game, a MUST OWN."
,Recommended,298110,13557076,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,alexio,"In this game, everything tries to kill you.  That gives me a sensation for a challenge"
,Recommended,298110,13557414,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Twist<3,Bootiful
,Recommended,298110,13558852,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,MadV,"Sneakily murdered a village full of elite soldiers with throwing knives and a bow, then promptly eaten by a pack of dogs. Good times in Kyrat. 10/10"
,Recommended,298110,13561425,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Danny Boy,"Far Cry 4 takes place in a carefully and beautifully created world. All the mechanics of the game are fluid; shooting, driving, movement and seemingly small additions to the game such as karma events and fortressess make the game a whole lot more diverse. Far Cry 4 steps up the difficulty from Far Cry 3, which I for one see as a good thing."
76561198094619720,Recommended,298110,13576334,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,mattl122001,"Fun game.  It's really an optimized FarCry 3 set in the mountains.  Good for 2 playthroughs solo, haven't done campaign co-op yet.  The arena is good fun but at random intervals will get near instant death while at full health and will have no time to heal.AI can be ridiculously accurate in places and laughable in others.Stealth is heavily incentivized once you get into the north of the map, use suppressors.Get the heavy sniper rifle as early as possible as the two before it are ueless pretty rapidly.  Head due north  and slightly east from starting city while still in the southern part of the map.Max range for sniping seems to be about 200 meters in game, do not fire from the same place more than twic, even suporessed.Good game, I'm happy I got it.Solid 8 out of 10"
,Recommended,298110,13577540,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,THEMEMESBOI,It is a fun and great game!
76561198039024944,Not Recommended,298110,13577935,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Nazauras,"I bought the game and was immediatly hit by a black screen, also tangled with connectivity issues made it completly unplayable. I contacted Ubisoft but there is a no return policy and if you demand to talk to anyone past the low level phone answerers they will transfer you to a voicemail of their suprerior who will make you wait a few days to tell you the exact same god damn thing. ♥♥♥♥ Ubisoft, I will be extremly careful of buying any of their titles now, and ive been a fan for YEARS ."
,Recommended,298110,13579367,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Systemic Welfare Race,I Just bought this right before it was on sale :(This game is amazing btw.  If you haven't picked it up i would do so soon.My only issue with the game is you can't talked to your counterpart in CO-OP.9.9/10
,Not Recommended,298110,13579693,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,IAMJOHNSTAMOS,"Its very repetitive, but for the first few hours its a fun enough game, it looks great and plays great, but there is just something off about it for me. I have to be honest the game at time is more of a chore to play then fun. The story is just terrible the characters are all just annoying and how many times can a person be drugged so many times and still trust the people? All in all its an okay game but I would not really recomend it."
,Not Recommended,298110,13580189,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Obviously Cheating,"$Run supoer hype super expensive game for the first time, black screen, search google, no solution.0/10 ubisoft don`t care about you"
,Recommended,298110,13581807,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,LORD FARQUAAD,Godlike
,Recommended,298110,13752282,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Mr. Melk,"Amazing game!It's extremely entertaining. The atmosphere you get when standing on the top of a mountain, gazing upon the beautifully created landscape while listening to the excellent in-game ambience music just makes you find your inner peace.The game is intense and violent when battling and hunting and etc, but is also extremely peaceful and beautiful behind the death and misery. The story is very good, though the villain, Mr. Pagan himself, could've been more villain-ish.9.8/10"
,Recommended,298110,14470183,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,General Prime,This is a man up game but it looks so much like Far Cry 3.
76561197970401809,Not Recommended,298110,14471527,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Deviation by Design,"Bought it for the co-op, after several months the day one issues with game synching are still there, Co-op is completely broken for most players. Single Player works fine though. Buy it when it's half price at which point it will be correctly priced as it is only half the advertised product."
76561198090167703,Not Recommended,298110,14472157,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,martin.bulant,"- expensive expansion pack for FarCry 3- uPlay is annoying- boring story - rebellion blah blah blah- FarCry 1 was great, FarCry 2 was horrible, FarCry 3 was good, FarCry 4 is horrible, FarCry 5..."
,Recommended,298110,14472540,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,SHK1800,"Very Very good game, it has its quirks, but definately worth the purchase."
76561198098068186,Not Recommended,298110,14474954,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,squanch,Well I have now wasted 40 hours of my life playing one of the most buggy and unfinished games of my life.
,Recommended,298110,14475991,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Kiriai,"Decent game, just like Far Cry 3. However, if you recently finished the previous game, you should really wait a while before playing this one . Else, it feels like an extension and not like a sequel. Basicly it's the same damn game with a different story/setting, few new twists and mechanics, but nothing special that make this game stand out in any way compared to Far Cry 3. Depending on you, maybe the humor does."
76561197979081338,Recommended,298110,14476461,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Tizzi,"Far Cry 4 is Far Cry 3, but in the mountains, with even more content, and more ridiculous stuff to do.I rode an elephant into an outpost weilding a grenade launcher, and smashed a truck across the road which killled multiple enemies.While trying to snipe an enemy, I was attacked by a pack of wolfs, and burned them to hell with a molatov cocktail, which alerted the outpost, which called in a helicopter, which I blasted with a rocket launcher."
,Not Recommended,298110,16545913,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Noxy,"Decent game, Could play it before on my W7 32bit PC. All of a sudden it stopped working for no reason besides the description saying it wouldnt run on a 32 bit. When.. I clearly have 4 hours on it. So it DOES run on a 32 bit OS. Just it won't anymore, No clue why.Anyways I don't recommend it because of the annoyance and I can't sell it.Otherwise sure, I'd recommend it."
,Recommended,298110,16547737,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,dave666,"Amazing game, previously played Far Cry 3 on the xbox 360 through to the end and this is just as good, if not better.The map is huge with many outposts and radio towers to take over and a multitude of side quests and collectibles in addition to the main campaign storyline.There are also online co-op missions which I haven't tried yet but I bet they're fun too.The graphics are amazing, my graphics card ain't great but the graphics still look better than my xbox so I can't imagine how good they'd look on a powerful graphics card on ultimate setting lol!Highly Recommended to anyone who's played previous Far Cry games, or anyone who is a fan of open-world games (with guns!), hunting, and many collectibles!BUY IT THEN !"
,Recommended,298110,16275628,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Leth,"It's like Far Cry 3 but 4.But in all honesty, this is literally just Far Cry 3 with some mountains, helicopters, new content, and a bad storyline. Far Cry 3 was loved for its storyline, so if you're looking for a good story you won't find it here. I still reccomend the game, its great. I was a bit dissapointed in the story though."
,Recommended,298110,16277945,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,tristanx,"If you're a fan of the Far Cry series, this surely won't disappoint.  If you're new to the Far Cry series, well... Same thing.The story is interesting, and the graphics are absolutely gorgeous.  Since these are the two things about a Far Cry game I look forward to most, I thought I'd list them first.  Gameplay?  Don't worry about it.  You know the controls are going to be tight, because they always are.Can we just talk about the ""god rays"", though?  The light filtering through tree leaves, beaming through and creating an environment that totally pulls you into the game...  I swear I spend half the time just looking at all the things in the game world.  So beautiful, especially if you have a modern NVidia graphics card.  The lighting, whether during the day or at night, will entrance you.The world itself is massive.  I wasn't prepared for how large the map would be.  Sure, I read all the ""open world this, open world that"" stuff ahead of time, but there are so many things to find and collect.  Completionists will be highly satisfied.I prefer the stealth approach - sneaking around, taking outposts without being detected.  The game makes this style of play so much fun, and rewards you with XP bonuses if you can pull it off.  If stealth isn't your style, don't worry - you'll have just as much fun finding creative ways to kill and blow stuff up.Do I recommend this?  Yes.  I'd even go so far as to recommend the gold edition, now that there are a few DLCs out.  I think games are, on the whole, too expensive, but I still feel that the money I spent here was well worth it.  Buy it."
76561198142154956,Recommended,298110,13258321,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Zaxman,Very Big and Time consuming many side quest and story to keep you busy and activing  plenty of time to be not bored
76561198102081185,Recommended,298110,16421075,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,n8ward,"Despite the few glitches, the game was very enjoyable. Only complaint was the racing side missions were more challenging than FC3. Found some powerful weapons early on and worth the time to get the crafting done first thing and purchase all the maps as soon as possible. Becoming a bad a$$ as soon as possible, overall worth game."
,Recommended,298110,16423272,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Trent2709,Honestly I am bad at this game. It is really fun. I guess the only way to kill annoying animals is c4 :)
,Recommended,298110,16425167,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,SAMJIT,its sick
76561198015692467,Recommended,298110,13136573,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,[PUTA] Sam White,spednice
,Recommended,298110,13620774,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Montana Ridge,"Basically Far Cry 3 with some really cool extra features. If I had never played FC3, I would have sincerely enjoyed this game. Since I have played FC3, this game felt like 2 DLCs rather than a full fledged extra game. Multiplayer is terrible, do not bother. (Annoying way to avoid death makes it getting back into the action almost unbearable). As a game, 8.5/10"
,Recommended,298110,13620814,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Bluu,Best Far Cry game yet! My favorite game all year.
76561198040603126,Recommended,298110,13623206,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Jaret Bottoms,AMAZING!!! just wish you could be the bad guy instead of fighting for the rebellion be the king and this game takes what was good about far cry 3 and makes it better!
,Recommended,298110,13624669,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Pandapleb,game is 2op5me
,Recommended,298110,13626061,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,I didn't choose the LowPrio life,Not as good as Far Cry 3 but a top notch adventure worth it's price.
,Recommended,298110,13626194,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Dookla,AMAZING GAME!!!! Definetly has one of the best story lines and best graphics/quality
,Recommended,298110,13626424,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,OOF,Seriously one of the FUNNEST games i have ever played. Every mission is super fun or action packed and i LOVE that. So much to do in this game and so many cool abilites and guns and everything is just abosulutely amazing!! Graphics are SUPER great and the bots act like auctual humans. Great game and if you are thinking about getting this game i say GET IT!!! it does have its own launcher (uplay) but all you have to do is make an account. really easy and does not effect the experience. But anyways.. GET IT!
,Recommended,298110,13617716,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,VAMPIRE_R0B0T,"Great game, has some technical issues but all in all I really enjoy it. If you like Far Cry 3 there is no reason you won't enjoy this. My only complaint is SLI support, it's buggy, and I can't use SLI without issues even with all the updates so far it doesn''t work well. My solution is to drop physics onto my second gpu which allows me to basicly get the performance I would expect from sli.... like i said it's buggy. I get texture mirroring when I use anti-aliasing which is the worst thing I've come across... It's just ugh! But all in all I love the game, ubisoft just needs to fix it."
,Not Recommended,298110,13618423,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Murderface,"Black screen then grey... All drivers are up to date, attempted the duo core dll fix, even though I have a tri core. Still will not launch beyond black / grey screens. I had hoped that most of the large issues would be fixed by now. Oh how I was wrong. Black screen then grey... Can't play the game I just paid 60 USD for. All drivers are up to date, attempted the duo core dll fix, even though I have a tri core. Still will not launch beyond black / grey screens. I had hoped that most of the large issues would be fixed by now. Oh how I was wrong. Please dont waste your money on this unfinished product."
76561197979632297,Not Recommended,298110,13604844,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,~420~ACE,"i bought this game on Christmas eve, downloaded for like 3 hours, and have never been able to play the game yet. It seems that the server are down. Game looks cool, but until this service issue is resolved, who knows."
,Not Recommended,298110,13575945,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Jahveen47,"This game doesn't even ♥♥♥♥ing load, no matter what i do it still just gets stuck at the startup screen. Thanks for ♥♥♥♥ing me in the♥♥♥♥♥ubisoft"
76561198141864111,Recommended,298110,13591454,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,[DFS] Hatty Hattington,Great game but i bought it for computer and there's now way im going to buy a hard drive for  a 50 hard drive 30 GB  just to play for PC.
76561198135026397,Recommended,298110,13591575,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Got m11k>,"Simply amazing. If you enjoyed Far Cry 3 wich you should have. This is 100times better. Buy it, play it, make löve with it."
76561198022999781,Recommended,298110,13010297,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,magnabob,I'm unable to get the game to launch. Can't find day 1 patch. Finally got it to work. Sorta. Use Nvidia game optimizer for easy solutions to some problems. Change to recommend (barely) after 1.5 patch. See comments.
,Recommended,298110,13594230,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,TraceTheKitteh,"To be honest, it is a bit like Far Cry 3, but it is much more than I expected! I don't even know why there are so many negative reviews!-great wildlife-runs amazingly fine other than a few stutters-in depth coop, pvp and tactical play-many weapons-beautiful graphics-a loveable villainI love this game and I'm already hooked."
76561198066244378,Recommended,298110,13596430,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Niang,"Basically Far Cry 3...But Far Cry 3 was pretty good...Therefor, this game is pretty good..."
76561198088967711,Not Recommended,298110,13596442,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Loose Cannon,"I recommend this game, if you have not played the 3rd one. This game has tedious combat, same animations, and better graphics. If you are looking for a better story then, you should go with Far Cry 3. For people who are into the ""Next Gen Phase"". Are into more graphics and less of a story which holds your hand, even on the hardest setting. Get this game. It is more for the ""Casual Gamers"". Far cry 4 is just another rehash of what  already was done in the previous game Far Cry 3. This game also refuses to work with Intel Dual Core Processors. which maybe if the game wasn't coded so horribly and was optimized correctly. This game could have been the next best thing. This could have made a whole new name for it self with its over hype from the trailers. The Villian in my own opion, is a bit dull. He tries way too hard to act crazy, unlike vass who you already knew how crazy he was by the way the voice actor, felt one with the character. With the new voice actor, he just sounds like he is bored, and tierd. maybe a couple crazy moments but that was about it. Vass had a lot more color to his character, and had a personality.    I would give this game a 6/10. All it really is, is your regular open world 1st person shooter with convienient plot points and easy to ready character traits."
,Recommended,298110,16861072,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Aragorn,"Love this game. As a previous reviewer put it, ""Like Far Cry 3 but with a 4."" As far as game mechanics that's abolutely true. I have an Nvidia GTX 650 and run the GeForce experience for optimization. This is the only game on the list that says, ""Your system does not meet the minimum requirements for optimal settings on this game. The optimal setting may deliver unplayable framerates."" Complete BS. The optimal resolution offered is 1360x768 ostensibly. I run in native 1440x900 with no problem. As for the game, I really like the story progression much better than FC3 which has that ludicrous ending and the plotline that is, ""Oh you're growing up"" more or less [too narrow a target audience and juvenile]. Yes, the FC4 plotline is somewhat similar but not nearly as overt and the ending is perfect. Furthermore, the acting is much much better. Really the only thing I didn't like was having to register with Ubisoft, too. For that reason running the DLC was a hassle, too. But, would I recommend this game - you bet!"
76561198049365609,Recommended,298110,16507282,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Aksplinter,"Game plays well but it is very much like far cry 3. Having said that it is still fun in co op if you can get it to work that its.   Lots of Bugs in Co op online such as game crashes , freezing , not being able to see misson Objects and just weird things in general I'm sure alot of these could be fixed by a few patches but hey its Ubi soft were talking about here.I'm getting sick of every Ubi soft game i play not working I mean wtf its 2015!.     Having said these points, The game play and graphics are good.     Irecomend this for Single player but as it is now not the Co Op."
76561198032079987,Recommended,298110,16863773,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Zacharias423,"Fantastic game, plays exactly like Farcry 3, great villian, great story, 10/10"
,Recommended,298110,16864166,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Sneaky Turtle,YOU NEED A GOOD GPU (GTX 660+)
,Not Recommended,298110,15844066,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,HuskyD.,"After finally getting the chance to play Far Cry 4 I am extremely disappointed.  I found Far Cry 3 better in every way.  The endings of Far Cry 4 leave a lot to be desired as the best ending is technically not doing anything at all in the beginning.  There isn't  a desire to kill Pagan as much as there was a desire to kill Vas in Far Cry 3.  In fact it's best not to kill him at all in order to get the two best endings.  I still do not recommend this game and wish I never purchased it at full price when it first came out.  Also this game is consumed by horrible crashes, resolution problems that box off the screen.  If I ever would rate this game positively I would give it a 7/10."
76561198111805385,Recommended,298110,15845288,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,pbmcmullen,"Farcry 4 is one of my all time favorite gemes. Sure, just like any game, there are things I don't like about it, but overall it is an awesome game experience."
,Recommended,298110,14024451,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,UNYUN,was really buggy but it works fine now and the game its self is really fun
,Not Recommended,298110,14489362,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Hoxon,"I really like this game and it would be a very good game if it was not for the bugs. I have played almost 20 hours and then suddenly the game broke and I am not able to continue since I am not able to climb. Wow 60 euro down the drain.I have tried rebooting, reinstalling etc. nothing works. If you have some money and time to waste go ahead and buy the game."
76561198115954320,Not Recommended,298110,14489559,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,backpack50,"I would love to recommend this game but it is so buggy that it can barely be played. The graphics are amazing so long as you stand still. Moving causes screen tearing and the fps drops. The gameplay, when it works, is pretty fun but too easy. They added a flying vehicle which makes it way too easy to explore so i would recommend agaist using it too often. If the graphics worked perfectly all the time i would give the game a 6 or  7 out of 10 anyway. For comparison i would give farcy 3 an 8. I hope this helps you. Pretty much wait for better patches or buy the game on a consol."
,Recommended,298110,14489956,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,TheLizard,"Loved it, but I loved FC3, and this isn't different enough to change that.  The general 'climb radio masts; discover outposts; conquer outposts; eventually move to new area with tougher soldiers' mechanic is exactly the same.A big win though was the ability to easily replay outposts, and the moral choices feel greyer than in FC3."
76561198030978104,Recommended,298110,14518916,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Tylermcd93,"First off this game is a very close contender for game of the year for me. Everything about this game is beautiful. The huge, open world of Kyrat is absolutely beautiful and filled with an incredible amount of stuff to do. The music is beautiful. The story is fantastic as is it's antagonist and supporting characters and antagonists. Pagan Min is a much stronger and more interesting villain than Far Cry 3's Vaas. Ubisoft also has made a lot of gameplay more streamlined than in previous games, such as crafting (for example whenever you collect 2 green leaves the game auto-crafts healing syringes) and stuff like that which is very nice. There's also a feature in this game that I absolutely love and is genius, which is you can replay outposts and fortresses (stronger outposts) you have taken over if you want to try different ways in taking it over. You can also even reset the outposts and fortresses to how they were in the beginning of the game in the settings menu in case you've taken them all over and want to replay them on a core level. I loved this game that I can't think of anything I had a problem with except one thing, which was the protagonist. Ajay Ghale, the protagonist, felt really weak and unemotional, which could either be the writing for him or the voice acting, either way compared to past Far Cry protagonists Ajay is by far the most boring. However it isn't a detriment to the story at all or the rest of the game. I would definitely give this game a 10/10."
,Recommended,298110,14521077,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Spooky James Gravy,I liked the boobies.8/10Its like Far Cry 3 but with more drugs.
,Recommended,298110,14510188,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,King,"The Gameplay is Very Similar to Far Cry 3. You have Campaign Missions, Side Missions, Towers, and of Course Outposts. The Biggest Difference is throughout Campaign you have two leaders arguing and you always need to decide how you wanna join and help. Far Cry 4 is an excellent sequel to the all time favorite FPS, open world game, Far Cry 3. Best Shooter of 2014."
76561197990346032,Recommended,298110,14510427,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,McNinja,"Wow! This game is crazy! WHY? Because almost every animal and human is trying to kill you! I survived a river crossing with demon fish biting me only to have an alligator ambush me on the other side of the river! Frantically tapping the ""A"" button wanting to live. Success! One and a half life bars remaining only to have an eagle attack me! Character death imamate, red flashing life bar! Suddenly a patrol of Royal Army soldiers driving a truck heading my way?!? NO!!!!!! A quick application of health applied. I didn't mention that truck had a mounted machine gun either....... I survived. Exciting!On a lighter side of Far Cry 4 life, that wing suit is worth buying and testing! Just remember the parachute before you crash land."
,Recommended,298110,13776818,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,GENSEX,"I distinctly remember saying, stop the bus. Yes, stop the bus, not shoot the bus. I'm very particular with my words. Stop, shoot, stop, shoot. Do those words sound, the same?"
76561198051778502,Recommended,298110,14515224,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,kerryjaggers,"I have played all the games in the Far Cry series and can say enthusiastically that it is my favorite series and that FC4 has the best story, playability, freedom to make it your own and is undoubtedly some of the best bang for your bucks available.  The worst thing about it is the melancholy feeling of missing somewhere that has come to feel so real and familiar and dear to my heart. But even after finishing it there are countless places and small missions to go back and explore so I expect this game to keep on giving for a long time."
,Recommended,298110,14551695,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,DJRainbowCum,Walking on the snow sounds realistic10/10 IGN
76561197960282714,Not Recommended,298110,14475530,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Slyflyer,"Really, black bars for 16:10 resolutions?  1920x1200 works perfect on every game I own.  Hell, it even works on Farcry 3 just fine!  So why no 16:10 support for Farcry 4?!?!  I refuse to play with borders and I should not have to search around the internet for hours in atempt to find some sort of fix nor should I have to run at a non-native 16:9 resolution to run the game without them.  This issue should be fixed by now if the company actually cared about PC gamers.  After trying a few things, I did eventually find a way to make it look great and use my full resolution, but it took some work outside of the game to make it happen.  I will review the game properly when true 16:10 support is added.  Until then, a negative mark will remain."
76561198096150390,Recommended,298110,14554994,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Archfall,"Well. After playing through this game Countless times- i can finally sayIt is probably my most favourite Far Cry Game of all time. Why is that?91/100(As of 105 Hours)After seeing tons of negative reviews when i got this game, i decided not to review it until i had played it through fully. I have not encountered a single problem, and quite enjoyed my time in game. The ability to REPLAY outposts and reset them all is awesome!The plot SUCKS, but it does tie in nicely with the open world theme and they complete each other quite nicely.The graphics are wonderful, and so is the environment in the land of Kyrat, i preferred it over Rook Island in Far Cry 3, where it was all rather flat.Far Cry 4 is bustling with life, and things to do. Although quite possibly a little too much to do.I can rate this game 91/100 As i have had NO troubles with it, apart from a few issues that prevented me from rating the game higher.A solid title, and among my favourite games of 2014."
,Recommended,298110,14555198,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,ASVPGVGE,"Don't listen to all of these negaitve reviews about people saying they hate the game and they havn't even played it or they've only played an hour. This game plays great, looks great, and is a ton of fun! It is obviously like farcry 3 since it is farcry 4 after all. It is not the same game though by any means. Besides the engine the two look very different. If you loved farcry 3 you'll probably love this. If you hated fc3 then don't waste you time here"
,Recommended,298110,14572566,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,CobbiieRed,Best game so Far. Cry whenever i lost.See what i did there?
76561198137901626,Not Recommended,298110,14577502,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,jabhook81,"Let me start off that this is an amazing game!!! I'm not a fan of ubisoft but i give credit where it's due. This game is amazing.  The visuals are very well done, gameplay is great and they really added alot of features from farcry 3.....BUT.....I can cannot fully enjoy the game because there is a problem with the fullscreen option: part of the screen is cut off and i can't see what i need too such as ammo and health). Apprently it is a common problem.  Also there are glitches in the game that i experienced: missions won't activate or complete when prompted and the jump/latch on feature from hill to hill wont ativate when prompted.  If i restart the game those problems go away but is still very annoying. its not toooooo often that it happens but its there. fix those issues (especially the full screen problems) and ill gladly change my review to a thumbs up.Even though this game is amazing, because of the issues stated i can't reccomend at fullprice. if there is a sale then definately.      But hey, at least its a complete game unlike..'cough cough unity cough cough'"
76561198002800120,Recommended,298110,14558162,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,N7 Vinnie,I can't emphasise just how worth it this game is.
76561198160612180,Recommended,298110,14560149,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Cassi-_- @ rAge 2017,"pretty awesome game, lacks something im not sure what but i expected more after jamming farcry 3..."
76561198125450423,Recommended,298110,14563624,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Cazador,Uplay sucks but its a great game
76561198035477281,Recommended,298110,14478339,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,<<=Sledge=>>,"Far cry 4 is simliar to the 3rd edition however it has yet more packed full fun.The skill tree, upgradable custom weapons, and similar towers, bunkers outposts etc in map.But i feel the game is a new experience just originated from the old series.The map is awsome, the graphics are top notch it is packed full of farcry gameplay living up to its name yet again.Set in the himalayas , the map is diverse, huge with many things to do. Many predators, and opponents waiting in hiding.The FPS system is fluent, quick and easy to get used to.Each fight gives the player his/her own choice of how it will be approached, from blowing a plane sized hole with a rocket to stealth knife skills the game will keep you satisfied. Many many hours of gameplay available with DLC's too.Little to know known bugs from my experience.Game over all 8.5/10Graphics 9.5/10Map / exploration 8.5/10User interface 8.5/10Weapon inventory 8/10Bugs/lag/sys err 9.5/10Opponent AI 8/10 (some are easier on normal difficulty)"
76561198008113285,Recommended,298110,17926645,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,LordHH |LMC|,"Love it. 10/10 would, will, and did play again."
,Recommended,298110,17943569,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Lu,"I loved Far Cry 3 and Blood Dragon. Sticking to what makes the game fun, Far Cry 4 is also amazing, with the plus of coop and new maps made by players. Worth it."
,Recommended,298110,17917144,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,it.be.en,THIS... GAME... IS... SO FABULOUS!
76561198020720029,Recommended,298110,17936378,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,The Rarest Temmie,Must buy.+ Pros +Sooo much content! I am serious I am 22 hours in and I am not even 50% done.Freedom with everythingGraphicsOpen worldWeapon varietyEnemy varietyPagan Min- Cons -Somewhat glitchyHoney badgersAnnoying missions where you are forced to be stealthy D:= Unsure =Crafting very simplisticKeyboard used as a controller (Press or Hold CTRL to do multiple things)
,Recommended,298110,18046578,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Plup!,Very Fun game. A little too much like Far Cry 3 but still overall a good game.
76561198122102391,Recommended,298110,18043955,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,HanzK,i relly like this game an recomend it
,Not Recommended,298110,18067097,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,zombiecamper,"the game is unplayable for me. its suffering with major stuttering and framedrops right now and i dont know whats causing it. the game does this on all settings. im running it on 16 gig ram - nvidia geforce 660 Ti and i7 3770k - if you are looking to purchase this game.. well, you have been warned"
,Recommended,298110,17458985,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,the_caveat,"Excellent first-person action in an open world.  This has been dependably an excellent franchise, and they have continued delivering a compelling plotline, over-the-top action and some very solid voice acting performances.Highly recomended."
,Recommended,298110,17459472,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,What The Fup,"""EAGLE! EAGLE! *rapid gun fire*"""
76561198032446656,Not Recommended,298110,17461377,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,willknowling,"This game could do with a couple fixxes.  A savving bug causes the game to become unresponsive in certain situations such as player death and requires the restart of the game.  Steam says I played for sixteen hours while the game has only counted six and a half because of this one bug.   Barring that the game is very fun with good mechnics and nice graghics,  I just wish I wasnèt stuck playing the same missoin over and over because upplay doesnèt work."
76561198066991886,Not Recommended,298110,17413123,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Magdzam,Looks like a game that a college student made on Unity...Game feels sluggish and bulky...3/10 Not a fan
,Recommended,298110,17421557,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Яonin,Very fun with great graphics.
,Recommended,298110,16881913,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,fireboy,"When i play the game, i feel like i am inside the game.What do you mean, you crazy??No i am not. For example when i play and i have a mission, i have to go from a place A to place B and i have to jump from a rock to rock, when i jump and i am about to fall, i am stressed.Trust me this game is woth money!!!"
,Recommended,298110,17401757,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Matlab,"Pro's:- Flying- Castles & Outposts (Awesome stealth capabilities)- Freedom of playstyle- Inspiring Shangri-La story- Graphics, textures and overall ""Fullness"" of the game(Played it about 50 hours)Con's:- Too easy most of the time- You'll need to travel 9000+ Km if you want 100% completion. (So It can be really frustrating going up a mountian somewhere in the far most corner of the map for just a silly mask)- Story can be a bit weak6,7/8, M8"
76561198070220354,Recommended,298110,17404674,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Belal,"Beautiful game, crazy fun, captivating story, BUT coop has one MAJOR flaw, you most of the time will not be able to invite or get invited to a friends game, you will have to just coop with random players, which diminishes the whole multiplayer experience.  Recommendations to play the game for story and game-play, but not for the multiplayer aspect which should of really been fixed not only by launch, but this long after release...."
76561198120387745,Not Recommended,298110,17406051,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Draconicman,black screen.
,Recommended,298110,30497570,Posted: 13 March,all,AmericanLobster(미국의),The best game ever released for meIt worths every cent
,Recommended,298110,13540911,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,raw sauce,Me and my friend got in cars and blocked the road with them. A car drove buy and clipped into the cars and they exploaded ...Then we got stuck in the floor and wingsuited under the map10/10 would climb towers again this year in a open world game
76561198059414508,Recommended,298110,13462356,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Heerodin,"It took me a little bit to like this game- It doesnt run very well on my Nvidia Geforce 660 graphics card (have to play on lowest quality settings) however that wasnt too bothersome. The story was a little hard to get into at first and seemed like it was very simmilar to Far Cry 3 and I didnt like it, but I gave it some time and ended up really enjoying myself. I love flying around in the buzzer vehicle and firing off my grenade launcher at the randomly spawned enemy convoys, whilst im being fired at by surrounding soldiers. It's a very epic feeling! As fun as this game is, as someone who played Far Cry 3 is, it falls a bit short in terms of replayablitiy, and I wont be playing it as much as I did Far Cry 3. But here's the skinny-Far Cry 3 has a better story, and more weapons, and a better built map (No annoying mountains blocking off half the map with one way through) and is a better game over all. But, I would reccomend playing Far Cry 3, enjoying it, and then playing this one. This game is a bit weaker, but damn it is fun."
76561198026041224,Not Recommended,298110,13462496,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,sufyuf,"The main problem I have with this game is with the story. There is never any motivation to do any of the things you do. You never become attached to ANYONE, except maybe the main villian. You never really have any reason to identify with the cause or the people. ""Why am I here?"" is a question I repeatedly asked myself.That paired with the laggy loading, iffy controls, easy missions, and game breaking guns (Buzzsaw anyone?) made the game seem more of a chore to finish than any of the previous iterations in the FARCRY series."
76561198040845485,Not Recommended,298110,13462541,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,chris,Worst game ive ever bought - would recommend downloading a reloaded version.
76561198129507033,Not Recommended,298110,13549204,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,SeaBass,"My system should be able to run Far Cry at low settings:A10-5800kAMD R7 260x8GB RAMWindows 7 ProI've redownloaded and re-installed the game THREE separate times since the release. Every time I have to run to the truck in the very first mission it completely glitches.. in various ways.Sometimes I can completely leave the map,or I get to the car and nothing happensmost the time there is not even any yellow indicator on my screen telling me where to goIf I get to the truck and reload the game to the last check point the truck will finally movebut then I just have the same problem very shortly down the line.Please help! I've been dying to play."
,Not Recommended,298110,13550992,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Shmon,"If we put aside the fact that the graphics are burnt into the screen if you use SLI, the game still sucks. Bad storyline, boring gameplay. Also, the graphics are not as nice as they seem in the trailers.The worst part tho is that it is completely unplayable on my 2-way SLI GTX 780 system because after being in the game for about 2 minutes all the textures gets burnt into the screen. Feels kind of like an old plasma TV after ou've left a still picture on for too long. Everything is burnt in. Usually after leaving the meny the first time and there you can see the shadow of a car the rest of that gamingsession. Highly irritating.If you want to try this game out I suggest you try it from someone who has it or get it som other way... This ubisoft game is not worth buying and buying more products like this is only promoting badly developed games. In short I wish I never bought it and I don't think this game can be worth more than say... 10 euros at best."
76561198144458006,Recommended,298110,13552425,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,notatroler,very fun
76561198033169115,Recommended,298110,13552484,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Sillyz,okey game
,Recommended,298110,13553506,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,KorraDorra,"STILL GETTING BLACK SCREENS AT LAUNCH!!!i just the far cry 4 logo then black screen!please help, this game looks great... :("
,Recommended,298110,13554238,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Dr. Killjoy,"I have almost beat the main storyline, and thats only because I am forcing my self to. I am always getting off track and doing the side missions or hunting animals. It's not that the main storyline is bad, its that all the extra... stuff you can do is so interesting. Wanna hunt a rino? Can do that. Wanna hunt a bear from the back of an elephant using a grenade launcher? You can do that too. How about this. Let's go hunt an overgrown piranna from the pilot seat of a gyrocopter with C4 as you are being shot at by the military. Yes, you can do that too. Just do yourself a favor. Buy this game. Claim it's for Joe Schmoe down the road when you do it. Just get it."
76561198141558353,Recommended,298110,13809690,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,James,yo recommended
76561197974346249,Recommended,298110,13810303,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,baron1282,"The game never fails to impress with its amazing visuals.  The game simply looks stunning!  Other than the visuals the gun play is still as solid as ever!  The only real criticism is the ""AI"" when driving is dumb, and the game fails to really do anything creative outside of ""Far Cry 3"".  It is basically the same game as ""Far Cry 3"", but with a different cast.  The main villain is still really fun to listen and watch, but he is no Vaas Montenegro!  Still, if you like “Far Cry 3”, than there is no reason you shouldn’t buy this addition to the “Far Cry” series."
,Recommended,298110,13812840,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Gunshow,"Far Cry 4 has definitely left a positive image of the Far Cry series in my mind.  It's a very similar experience to playing Fary Cry 3 however this game adds many different elements.The themes in this game such as the asian decorations, the drug influences, the animals, the terrain and many other factors create a very unique experience and will be left in your memory for many years.The story is okay, and could be improved, but i found that I could still vaguely remember what it was about by the time I finished.  The game has many available side quests and other things to work towards other than just the story line.During the game, you are forced to make some very substancial decisions which can turn the tables of the game and result in different endings.7/10"
,Recommended,298110,13813612,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,[VCTY] Whyit,"Let me start this off by saying that I have NOT played Far Cry 3 or any other Far Cry game. I hear a lot of people say that this game feels like DLC for Far Cry 3.This game is amazing. I love the atmosphere and culture of Kyrat. I actually did some digging into Tibetan/Napallese history and culture beforehand, and as far as I can see the game is very accurate.The core gameplay is very smooth and I was immersed in the game dispite some techincal issues (see below). You start out with a basic set of skills, you can shoot, you can stab, you can drive, you can fly, you can swim. There is a very cut and dry stealth system as well that isn't very extensive but it does the job.There is a very unique crafting system in which you hunt for specific animals, skin them, and then craft item upgrades. Might I add that there is an extreme variety of wildlife, or at least it feels that way for me. So much so that they can start to annoy you. For example, you're trying to sneak up onto a group of enemies, when all of the sudden a freaking Eagle decides to swoop down and bite you! AN EAGLE!Now for the graphics and performance!Graphics: Pretty damn good. The hard textures like the water and rocks have much to be desired, but the grass and trees look amazing. Far Cry 4 has this ""Fur"" machanic that is supposed to make the fur look authentic, it looks pretty but sometimes the fur just doesn't look right. You'll see what I mean when you play the game. The lighting also is very pretty. I would recommend that you would keep the lighting on at least ""High"" because it contributes so much to the scenary.Performance: It's not an Assassin's Creed Unity, but it still does suffer. A big issue, is when you fly or drive around the game the FPS drops suddenly to 30 and then back up to 70, at least for me. I'm running a GTX 970 on Ultra and even Medium I get dips to the 30's. Ubisoft has been releasing patches so we'll just have to see. Granted, this game is CPU intensive so keep that in mind."
76561198076114881,Recommended,298110,13815158,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Nikita1216,Honestly my best investment of 2014. lots of action and carnage. deffinatly recommend this 9/10
76561197999816155,Recommended,298110,13728815,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,xF |:. kg4wxw |LdR| |A|,Love it!
,Recommended,298110,13730330,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Luigi Cadorna,"Conglatulation!!! You have killed the king! Now go, and rest our heroes!! You are winner. -Still better than the real ending."
,Recommended,298110,13732452,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Summerv,"This game is great, like hunting, driving, and etc, but i really want to talk about the story that makes me angry, gold path is jerk, the sabel and the other women just use Aja to get their goals, the woman is so selfish , she just want to get money and right but she would said that she did this for us. i really want to slap her, so i did not get her ending, she made me awful. The other guy saber is also bad, religious madman, he would kill other people who did not belive his god. However, in the beginning , he would let you save some guys, so i choose his ending. This ending is just ok. There is beat ending, just stand 15 min in the begining, Ming  would told to you some truth and take you to get mother wish. Ming is best guy to Ajay in this game, he really love Ajay's mom."
,Recommended,298110,13732846,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Jordan Belfortt,Loved the story line!!! It was too funny as well pagan min was a hilarious psyco killer!
,Recommended,298110,16267105,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,rAnkk,"Try it, it's a fantastic game !"
,Recommended,298110,16272248,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Delicious Phillip,"In comparison to far cry 3 this game has better combat, better graphics, better abilities, a better world, a worse plot, worse characters, and a worse soul if that makes sense. Far Cry 3 felt like someone in ubisoft locked all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ boardroom project managers in a shed then made an incredible game, but the boardroom ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s broke out eventaully forced the dev team to add a very -par- multiplayer exprience to the game. Far Cry 4 feels like the boardroom ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s were there from the very start, making sure to quell any attempts at depth or artistic integrity. The game feels safe. Safe choices were made everywhere. It doesn't live up to FC3 in the drug sequences or the writing. Theres no emotional stake for the main character who feels completely soulless and far too detached from the world hes in. FC4 is better, but dead inside. The satisfaction you get from this game will be from the excellent gameplay and the fantastic co-op, but the game's soul and essence just aren't there. FC4 is the product of a bunch of boring simple people trying to recycle what worked previously. It feels predigested, as if someone ate a delicious meal then regurgitated it for you. Don't get me wrong, this game is A LOT of fun, but it is too easy, too simple, and just not the same emotionally. Theres a lot to like but nothing to love. Except the grappling hooks, those ♥♥♥♥ing rock."
76561198008529993,Recommended,298110,16272412,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Ezekyl,Great game. Some nice additions but basically more of the same. Top quality.
76561198039585522,Recommended,298110,16396659,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Captain_Waffle11,It's those chasing-a-pig-across-two-battlefields-trying-to-kill-it-with-throwing-knives-because-I'm-out-of-everything-else moments that remind me why I still play video games.
76561197964658868,Not Recommended,298110,16396958,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,L!mBo,Far cry 3 without the bells and whistles. I dumped it after I got bored with the same old same old Yawn! Same old.
,Not Recommended,298110,16405325,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,LeeHarveyOswald,"It's actually a great game (even though the game is pretty demanding in terms of hardware required to run smoothly) but I can't recommend you get it until they fix the problem since they updated it to version 1.5 which doesn't allow the game to even open because it crashes immediately upon starting the program.The worst part is I can't even go back to a different version of the game so that I can play at all, and therefore I was forced to pirate and install the 1.4 version, which works almost flawlessly.If this bug gets fixed and I can play it again on steam, I will change my review."
,Recommended,298110,16068511,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,JOD,"By itself, really enjoyable game. There's just something about flying through the map in your wingsuit, deploying your parachute and creating the most stylish entrance for an ambush. However, due to its similarities with Far Cry 3, you are always going to compare the two. The storyline in Far Cry 4 fails to grab your attention the way that Far Cry 3 did. Far Cry 4, you more or less just go through the motions.However, in saying that, the Sharngi-La side missions. Man, were they fun! They were enjoyable to play, challenging and had an interesting storyline. You could argue that these side missions were better than the main storyline itself.Glad that I purchased this game whilst on sale.7/10"
76561198025834375,Recommended,298110,16080314,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Chubs,FAR CRY 4 is the best game ever amazing looking game ai  is amazing guns are amazing the choices u make matter in all 10/10 is pagan gay?
,Recommended,298110,16080998,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,The Dark Horse,COMPLETE PACKAGE . no more words .
,Recommended,298110,16349481,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,AlixChevalier,Riding an elephant into a hostile village armed with a grenage laucher and rambo's bow is quite possibly the most satisfying thing I've ever experienced.  There are also choices to be had and tiny helicopters to ride.  Great game.
,Recommended,298110,16351000,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,[BL] Bradley877,"This game has great missions and gameplay, you are free to explore the world and capture the radio towers. You could be randomly driving down a road, then come under fire by enemies. The game is a lot of fun!"
76561198026706709,Recommended,298110,16353925,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,birdacious,"Love this game. Best single player FPS that I have played thus far.Why? It feels good. Guns feel great. Stealth mode - 'ghosting' enemies one by one is a lot of fun. Great range of weapons. Good fun flying around in the mini-chopper-thingy and raining down grenade-death on convoys.What I would improve? Weapon mods are too restrictive (why can't I have a scope and a silencer and an extended mag?); hardest difficulty still too easy; a lot of the upgradable skills are pointless; I never used perk syringes; perhaps upgradable car/chopper (adding guns, better engines etc); fetch-quest style set missions get a bit boring, but then there's enough variety to keep it interesting.Despite all that it's still better than anything else I've played thus far. I also just reviewed Wolfenstein New Order, and FarCry 4 beats it hands down. Not in the same league. Wolf tries to hard.If you like FPS single player campaigns, then get this game."
,Recommended,298110,16317751,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Nitrolag,Would kill the 1000 dopplegangers of henchmen again 10/10
,Recommended,298110,13822367,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Haden,"Far Cry 4 is by far the best PC open world game. I've played Just Cause 2, GTA 4, FC4 beats everything.It has so much detail, I wish some more things were do-able and they set it up so you never get bored, but after the Campaign you always do in open worlds.Except FC4 to a degree, there is somewhat action and fun after the main campaign."
,Recommended,298110,13822445,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Feed,"I've enjoyed every Far Cry, and this continues the winning trend and exploration of gray-area morality.  While there are a few questionable mechanisms (such as having to craft a better wallet to hold more money - come on), the gameplay is solid and engaging.  This is the closest you'll get to the level of freedom found in Skyrim in a FPS.  No other game in a long while has made me feel like I'm running around a living world.  Best new feature this time around - autodrive.  Best ""holy crap"" moment thus far - getting snatched by a croc while climbing out of a lake!Now, someone grab Hurk and come help me occupy a new fortress."
76561198017047568,Recommended,298110,13721361,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,st0rmcr0vv,"Bugs aside. Unskippable cut scenes aside. Blah story and characters aside. This is a relatively mediocre game. In fact the only reason I'd still recommend it is that I was so soured on it early on that I'm sure that if I hadn't been waylaid by bugs that caused be to sit through several of the uninteresting\unskippable cut scenes multiple times (I don't care about fashion. Guns aren't bibles... just let me play the game!!!); I'd have a much more positive attitude toward it. I also got the game right after they introduced some sort of memory leaky patch to the game which meant that after an hour or two of playing I got to either hard boot my machine or wait twenty minutes for the game to close out... Not a good start. (Memory leak seems to be fixed or at least not nearly as bad as of this writing).There are a few interesting signature weapons added but they could\should have done more. I'm not sure why select fire wasn't added. Yeah you can adapt your tapping technique to fake it but it seems like such a trivial thing for the devs to add. Weapons + available mods are mostly copy\pasted from FC3 single player so you don't get to load up an STG with hot rounds or put a suppressor on it (as pointless as that might be; I want to do it).The game is far too easy to warrant two players in the same game as well. Thus Coop is fairly dull as far as taking outposts and such. At least a 50% increase in the number of bad guys while playing with 2 people would help a bunch. As it stands now Coop sucks the last bit of challenge out of the game and you basically run around trying to find something to entertain yourselves.Hardware requirements are also a little excessive. I've got it turned down so hard that it looks worse than FC3 did, even on medium and my system\the engine still has a hard time rendering things.And then there's Uplay...I hold out hope that they will clean up the bugs and find a way to make coop more interesting. The Single player game feels just like an extension of FC3 in a slightly less serene setting. Not a bad thing I suppose but...If you are currently bored with FC3 then this probably wont entertain you."
,Recommended,298110,13721681,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Tanzy DanWeiner,"Don't be fooled by the amount of time I have played. I've logged a TON of hours offline on this game. Far Cry 4 is glorious! I purchased the gold edition and I already don't regret it even though there isn't that much extra content out for it at the moment.The game is much more immersive than Far Cry 3. There is a lot of variation in wildlife and wildlife interactions (ex. getting attacked by eagles or watching a tiger and bear fight to the death) and much more!The guns are great but I would recommend playing on easy for less-experienced players because I feel as though the weapons are a little TOO nerfed on Normal or Hard.Overall, a glorious game and a buy that nobody should regret."
76561197985655708,Recommended,298110,13723277,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Hachiko Ukururu San,awesome drugtrip number 4!
,Recommended,298110,13723705,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,TylerGuy,"Fun open world shooter with lots of stuff to do. It's a kinda ""meh"" PC port so be wary of that. Exploring the map is fun and the missions are as well. Co-Op kind of sucks though."
,Recommended,298110,13724515,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Sinister Hippos,Ya think you're playing Far Cry 3 until you start elephant riding
,Recommended,298110,13724647,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,88 Fingers Edd,"Its a fun game but very, very buggy for me. 7/10"
76561198080070815,Recommended,298110,13725837,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Jimmy Johns Glory Hole,Better than SkyrimMG42 is ♥♥♥♥ING AWSOME11/10
,Recommended,298110,13725961,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,⎛⎝Lucas Werewolf⎠⎞,This game is awesome!
,Recommended,298110,13726814,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,"B(x,ε) = { y∈X | d(x,y) < ε }",Good look
,Not Recommended,298110,13758234,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Lucid,An entire outpost honed in on my location because I jumped.  Liked Far Cry 3 like I did?  Just replay that.  That's all this is anyway.
,Not Recommended,298110,13759000,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,jenz.,game doesn't even launch/10.
76561198015645326,Recommended,298110,13759886,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Strikker,"I won't try to write some hugely comprehensive review nor will I write in a fashion where I try to convince you to play it or not -- I'm just a gamer, assumably just like you...I'm not paid for writing reviews and though I don't mean this in a vein of sounding bitter, but I don't really care if you play the game or not.First things first --- my simple ""flow chart"" of decision for this game -> Have you ever played Far Cry 3? If no -> Do you like open ended game play? Do you like games with ""missions"" and character skill trees/progression?  Required: Do you like first person shooters? If you like at least one of the ""optional"" questions and you answer yes to the required try this game...but look for it on a sale.  (Note: If you don't like shooters....um....stop reading this and just move on. Its a first person shooter).If you played FC3 and you liked it -> No brainer...it would make virtually no logical sense if you enjoyed FC3 but don't like FC4. Conversely if you played FC3 and hated it -- you'll probably hate FC4.Moving on.....as you might have figured out I enjoyed FC3 and I really like open ended games. I don't like heavy scripting in my game worlds...I want to feel like I'm in control of what I do. FC4 delivers on that.The game looks beautiful, FC3 looked really good as well...I actually think FC4 looks a bit better. Granted I'm running my resolution / graphic settings on high/ultra (forget what the game calls the highest settings)....the water, the mountains, the grass, the trees, etc. all look photorealistic. Even the animals look realistic. The grass, flowers, leaves in the trees, all move in sync with the wind for added realism.The point to the ""pretty"" and detailed graphics ----> immersion factor.Good variety of weapons ....actually a lot more weapons than other shooter games I've played.Tons of things to do in the game BESIDES just banging out the main campaign story. I have over 30 hours in the game but I'm not even 20% complete on the campaign. How is this possible? Well -- side quests and exploring my friends....there's tons of side quests in this game, in my opinion -- they are all fun. Granted, like any game, over time it gets repetitive but to a degree I think no game can answer that because its human nature and not the fault of a game to say ""really THAT mission again?"".... The best a game can do is offer enough variety that the amount of repetitive content is kept  to a minimum. I think FC4 does a decent job of that.My favorite things in the game?I like playing stealth and trying to use  minimum resources (including ammo) to accomplish my objective. To me that makes the game much more fun to actually care about not getting killed or seen. To this end I really have fun liberating bell towers and outposts. Then there are fortresses -- think of outposts on steriods. The game even suggests you do NOT try to take them on solo (you can play co-op  or call in npc ""guns for hire"") ...well I tried to take one on solo...yeah i got owned. Man it was fun though...and that's what i like about this game so much, even where I get owned (make no mistake I have died a lot in the game already testing my tactics and limits of what i can do solo) I'm *usually* having fun.So what don't I like or wish was different?Well despite I like how ""alive"" the game world feels with wildlife roaming free...it does get aggravating when you are stealthily approaching an outpost - ready to take that shot to disable the alarms and out of nowhere a friggin bear or tiger jumps you. Now the aggravation to me isn't that this happens at all -- its I feel it happens far too much and it makes no sense when you scan the entire area before you do your mission and you see nothing.....so what does a tiger just teleport on the high cliff edge to my back?The other thing is the game has some annoying ""balance of reality issues"" as I call it.....some animals are unrealistically tough....and some guns are too weak. Great example of each -- honey badgers....I've shot them with literally six arrows or many bullets before they die...that's just stupid. Yet I've dropped a huge yak with two shots from the same gun. Granted head shots matter but still it feels weird to me. There's an M700 sniper rifle in the game....in real life this weapon is well respected from both military and SWAT teams at least all over the USA....in this game I feel its too weak...I'm sorry but two shots center mass and the bad guy doesn't die? Really...its a friggin M700 rifle.But as I'm getting good at head shots...and head shots are (rightfully) one shot , one kill....the annoyance with the m700 is very slight.One last thing that's cool about this game -- while the AI isn't brillant, its pretty good...sound matters in this game. So if you shoot an elephant gun (btw the sounds of this game are pretty awesome...but I have a good sound card and 5.1 surround on my system too)  within just 100 or 200 yards of baddies ...they will react ""What the hell was that?!"" and they will look for the source of the sound. At the same time if you use a silenced gun (or better your bow -- the bow is friggin awesome in this game btw) they won't react the same.There's a LOT to love in this game...I know I'm going to replay the crap out of it and pour tons of hours into it. There's cool moves you can do to -- like equip a wing suit and swoop in on baddies like you are super man and then go right into a weapon take down--which looks pretty bad♥♥♥♥♥and its fun . :)  You can ride an elephant and plow over vehicles mean while you can have a side arm ready to blow people away AS your elephant is running them over. :)Anyway....I wrote a LOT more than I intended to....can you tell I like this game a lot? :)I bought the game on a sale so I didn't even pay $50 for it....very well worth it. I'm pleased."
,Not Recommended,298110,13763745,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Navy Seal.pt,"Game is fun for awhile. After sometime you start noticing that all the tasks are repetitive boring and feel pointless. Most of weapons i dont even care about because they don't actually make any difference. The plot is very basic and doesnt bring anything new. I was trully dissapointed. Wasted more time running arround empty ""jungle"" than actually doing something that matters. All the unlocked locations feel and look like the same. The only good thing in the game are the graphics and still they were not as outstanding as i was expecting. The villan was interesting though."
,Recommended,298110,13764198,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,VonIgge,Asem
76561197975031828,Recommended,298110,15434273,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,{SSQRL}Tonight's Special Guest,NOTE  Leaving intial negative review to identify issue I experienced.Game is fun.  Solved server connection issue by unplugging Xbox 360 controller.  4 hours and that was the solution. Found it on the second page of an Ubisoft forum post. No other proposed solution had worked.  I don't understand.ORIGINAL NEGATIVE REVIEWCannot even launch single player OFFLINE campaign due to Uplay server connections.  UPlay anti-piracy measures make legit purchased copies of the game unplayable.Ubisoft solutions involve turning off your firewall and security.
76561197982254795,Not Recommended,298110,15434744,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Abe Vigoda,"IF I BUY IT AGAIN, CAN I GET IT TO LAUNCH FOR ME?! HUH, UBISOFT?!?"
76561198115511519,Recommended,298110,15319579,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Loord19,This is a really good game but its to expensive. So i would reccomend to buy it on sale.
,Recommended,298110,15365787,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,lameidl,Best. FarCry. Ever.
76561198084161759,Recommended,298110,15365792,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Achmed The Dead Terrorist,BEST GAME I HAVE! Execpt for the terrorist killing I don't like that. Knock knock. Who's there? I KILL YOU!
76561198206095920,Recommended,298110,15366688,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,souliotisc,This game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥IF you like gaming you will liek this. I think it is totaly the best game ever
,Recommended,298110,15368077,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Velm15,"It's very similar to Far Cry 3 but I don't know if it is because of the new antagonist, setting, or story but I like it more. I enjoyed this game a lot although when I saw the ending I wished there were better alternatives. Maybe in a future DLC? Who knows.If you were a fan of Far Cry 3 I would definitely pick this up."
,Recommended,298110,15440841,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Opportunist Pessimism,"This isn't so much a review as a caveat emptor.I know I'm probably a moron for this, but I bought this while it was on sale for the weekend. I've just recently beaten Far Cry 3, and had an absolute blast. Ran great, looked great, played great. Well...My hardware is not exactly fresh as a daisy, but it's good enough that I was able to run Far Cry 3 without any issues. So I didn't even think to look at the minimum requirements.If you have an Intel processor with an E in front of it and not an i, YOU CANNOT RUN THIS GAME. Simple as that. Just a heads up. On the flip side, good impetus for me to upgrade my stuff, I haven't touched it in a few years. :)"
76561197972034160,Not Recommended,298110,15442710,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,jdh649,"I bought this game because it was on sale. I have Not played this game because Uplay is a pile of manure.  I have been trying to login to uplay for 9 hrs straight and have been unsuccessful, I have reset my password and logged in on the website but the moronic, useless, scrotum irritating uplay program refuses to connect.  Uplay is nothing but dung.  Don’t give Ubisoft your money."
76561198153248331,Not Recommended,298110,15444206,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Derpiest Derp,Why Everytime I Open The Game A Black Screen Come Out And The Game Does not Work!
,Recommended,298110,13429226,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,DontStop,"Loved Farcry 3, played amazing on my GTX590could run this, bought a GTX 970,1.5 fixes alot of problems, still crashes, woudl rather play PayDay 2 and Guild wars than this half baked game..YOU JUST HAD TO MAKE IT LIKE FARCRY 3 in terms of stability and performance,,,, how did this go so wrong on PC"
76561197990199593,Recommended,298110,15449061,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,CraigNineten,Very good AAA+ should recommend!
,Recommended,298110,15605156,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,ˢʰᵉᶦᵏᵒ (America's Ahmed),"The gameplay is super fun, co op is great, the new mechanics and the graphics are outstanding. The story however, compared to Farcry 3, is very bland, predictable, and honestly it's hard to get into. Far cry 3's story got you interested, blew your mind, and had you on the edge of your seat. But seriously this games story was very short, and had very unimpressive cinimatics. I recommend getting it for the gameplay. but thats its 6/10 barely. ***SPOILERS*** you don't even get to have sex with the main chick either. which was driving some of my quest choices"
76561198100400097,Recommended,298110,15605822,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Ghillieman56,"LOVE THE GAME BUT YOU DO NEED A VERY GOOD GRAFIC CARD FOR THE GAME, OR THE GAME IS JUST GOING TO LOOCK LIKE♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,298110,15558555,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,China Namba Wan,9/10 ill give 10 if theres an option to side with pagan min
76561198078303849,Recommended,298110,15563436,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,n.shar,"I have never been so addicted to a game before.As all other reviews mentioned, far cry 4 is very much like far cry 3 and that is a GOOD thing.UBI Soft has pretty much taken all the best elements from the previous game and improved it.The campaign is also very interesting with a great story, you actually feel like you are a part of Kyrat.I also appreciate the great sense of humor built in the gameOne of the best things about this game is also its unexpected environment. You can play the same missionsover and over again and expect to get slightly different game play experience each time which is great.The graphics are breath taking but you need a high end PC to fully take advantage of it.Strongly recommend this game if you are into:Explosions, Unexpected Outcomes, Great Stroy"
,Not Recommended,298110,15513952,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Bedub1 (No Sound),The game would be a lot cooler if you didn't have to wait 37.2 seconds for the stupid splash screens to display at the start of every game.  It more that DOUBLES the launch time.EDIT:  set launch options to include -skipintro and you can gain back the 37.2 seconds of your life
,Not Recommended,298110,13018524,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,MoreBuckets!,ALL UBISOFT GAMES MUST BE HATED!!!0/-26YOUR 0$ BELONGS TO IT!!
76561198083329144,Recommended,298110,15618190,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,mojund,Good
,Recommended,298110,15618763,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Archangel,This game is Alot of fun but seems to drop off rather quickly the multilayer is a good touch. 8/10https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLq12KZa5yzEu13Q6Q9ypKEz0jYPYYXRio
76561198130473744,Not Recommended,298110,13601962,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,DropGecko,"I found Far Cry 3 to be an amazing game and was waiting till now to get Far Cry 4 however I have experienced problems with the game even though I have hardly started. After download I loaded the game and the FPS was terrible. I then attempted to start game up again but this made things even worse. After restarting my gaming laptop and checking I had no problems with system I once again started it up and adjusted settings which mad things a tad better though it has made the gameplay for me unbearable, unsure if this is a problem to a few people but when looking online it appears I am not the only one with difficulties.For those of you who are thinking that my specs arent up to scratch: OS Windows 8.1 64bit, Processor Inter(R) Core(TM) i7-4940MX CPU @ 3.10GHz, 32GB RAM, Graphics Card NVIDIA GeForce GTX 880MIf I am missing something obvious then please let me know"
76561198118718198,Recommended,298110,13583014,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,nV Biggums,"Yes, I would recommend Far Cry 4 for anyone that likes action and fps games. It is filled with a lot of exhilerating battles and missions. I love this game the most because of its customiziation. You can decide which way you want to attack something, what guns you want, what the guns look like, etc. I also love the open world concept because if you aren""t much of a campaign person (which includes me) you still have TONS of things to do. Graphics are great, sounds are great, and overall, everything is great. I would give this game a 10/10 rating.-Tyrone"
76561198024816999,Not Recommended,298110,13602888,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,aznboixx15,!!!!XBOX CONTROLLER OR ANY OTHER CONTROLLER DOES NOT WORK PROPERLY!!!!I love Far Cry 3 and I was exited for Far Cry 4 But its been a Disappointment!But doesn't mean i recommend not buying it like i did.The Game has to many glitch and issue still need resovling.It might be a few months before this issues is resolve.MY MAIN CONCERN IS THE XBOX CONTROLLER CAUSING PROBLEM WHEN PLUG INIt will cause issue in the game so hopeully they have a patch for that if you like playing with a controllerBut the only way to play this game is with a Keyboard which i hate for these type of gameUntil then you should wait until the Usbirt fix the issue and who know the game my be cheaper
,Recommended,298110,13464991,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Jayson,"This is Far Cry 3 in the mountains. Remember how 3 was supposed to be this giant, ongoing meta-commentary about FPS games, hunting endangered species, tropes, and whatever else? This game has all the same stuff but with a mostly generic protaganist and no real meaning or mesage. Pagan Min and the one character with like 2 dialog scenes are the most likeable people in this game.Why are the Jeeps different in Northern Kyrat?The greatest thing about Far Cry 4 is you can buy Robocop's gun with Ubipoints or whatever they're called. Robocop gun simulator 12/10."
76561198052906750,Not Recommended,298110,13603326,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,SkySheep,"Sorry but i can't recommend this game considering the biggest issues of Farcry 3 was just copied and pasted right on over to this game-Miss a shot on one person, everyone with 500 meters knows your exact location-character is still a pansy who can die from a 7 foot fall, not even joking-psuedo game choices, you don't pull the trigger yourself, they'll pull the trigger on themselfHowever don't get me wrong, this is one fun game, they just got really lazy and made another Farcry3, with a different worldI love that-THIS GAME IS GORGEOUS-the voice acting is amazing-plenty of missions and abililty to re-do any outpost at any time :)just really wished they had tried more, there's a huge list of things they missed during playtesting.... if they did it"
76561197998353903,Recommended,298110,13603634,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,PTK73,"Just started playing but i have to say its smooth no issues with graphics crashes or loading issues. Much better story line then FC3 ... love the actionsystemamd x6 1055T, asus MB, 8 gig ram , 256gig ssd and evga 660ti"
,Recommended,298110,13604296,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,CapN,"Only about 2 hours in but so far it honestly seems like a reskin of Farcry 3 for a game that is 2 years newer there are no real advances in features or graphics, however this doesn't take away from the simple yet fun naritve play style of the farcry series, I would only recommend this games to fans of the franchise and not new comers"
76561198051706841,Recommended,298110,13866726,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Teufell,I love Far Cry 4
,Recommended,298110,13859439,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,nateammon,"Overall, I'd give the game 4 out of 5 stars. It's a beautiful game with some really fun features and missions. If you enjoyed Farcry 3, then Farcry 4 will be enjoyable too. It does at times seem just like Farcry 3, almost a carbon copy, which is a turnoff for some. However, I loved Farcry 3 so much, that it did not bother me. However, the thing that bothered me the most is how buggy the game gets by the second half. There are so many bugs, that it becomes game-breaking by the time you unlock the rest of the country.1. I get attacked by animals more often than it is natural; this is Kyrat, not Australia. I get attacked by wolves every two minutes and they always strike right when I am about to take a shot, and there's always at least five of them, two of them usually get me stuck in a quick time event which is just annoying after the 1000th time. The animation for eagle attacks starts way too soon, so I usually don't have time to wait for them to be in range to a shotgun blast.2. The enemies are unbelievably hard by the end. They can hit me with perfect accuracy 100 meters away and can somehow take 5 sniper shots to the torso. Heavy units in FC3 always had a small weak spot to sniper attacks, but there doesn't seem to be anything like that later in this game. Hellicopters seem to be able to shoot at any angle without missing a beat.3. Climbing QTE on mountains works only half the time in the northern region, making it near impossible to find all the collectibles. I'm a completionist, so this one may not seem like much, but it's the principle of it all.This is not the first time I have had terrible bugs near the end of a Ubisoft game (Watch Dogs, Assassin's Creed 3). It is like Ubisoft is only worried about the first impression the game makes, but it's the last impression that stays with me after I'm done. I like the games less after I have completed them then when I first sit down to play. Ubisoft is becoming the new EA, which is a shame, because I'm a fan of many of their series. Overall, I did enjoy my time playing Farcry 4, I just hope Ubisoft games in the future are back up to par."
76561198139748041,Recommended,298110,13860289,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Dick Fageroni,"Ever since the first Far Cry game, I've grown so fond of this franchise. In 2008 i think, when the first game came out, my dad showed it to me and the first minute i started playing it, i got in love.the second game came out and i was extremely excited to play it, but not as good as the first one, I probably would'nt recomend it.Then the third Far Cry came out, and oh my god it was so much better than the second and first Far Cry, the story was just so well thought out, and the ending just got me and oh i could talk about that game forever.And then THIS came along. This game is pretty much Far Cry 3 but BETTER, oh so much better, the mechanics, the characters, the voice acting, the thrills, and most of all, the mother ♥♥♥♥in' MAP EDITOR.9.8/10 Truly an amazing game. GET ALL THE GAMES FROM THE FAR CRY FRANCHISE IT'S AMAZING"
,Recommended,298110,13860400,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Graamow,"Game for me at completion is 7/10, overall enjoyed it but it has some flaws.World looks beautiful if you have the specs for it. Supports PS4 controller. Some random cool/funny moments at times.It improves on FC3, but its lacking in story and character develempent, theres no good ending but the secret one.The main story isnt long, game just dragges it out with side storys that does very little to characters development.Bugs. Some up and down preformance at times, but runs pretty good with latest updates and nvidia drivers.The game dint like me turning the FOV slider all the way up, some strange things going on with shadows at the egde of the screen when looking at the world from a distance.Same old runing around getting/finding/doing same thing 100+ times over, pretty repetive side missions.More then a master volum slider and music on/off option in sound settings would have been nice."
76561198015724110,Recommended,298110,13862785,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Arafatt33,"At first play, it is a very beautiful game. Graphics are highly detailed, ie. if you have the high-end graphics card to support it.If you have played FC3 , then FC4 is very similar, and very long.. I am currently in the 30% of the campaign.Pros.- Highly detailed graphics- lots of places to explore & side quests.- Choose to play att your own time, and take the campaign one at a time.Cons:- Too many side quests, eg. when i was sneaking up on a outpost to do a recce before the attack, a out of nowhere eagle swop down & attack me... so i used my shotgun &... naturally it gave my position away.. along the way, you will get atttack by leopards, rhinos, dogs, snakes and many other animals... IMy personal hatred is for the honey Badger... LOL.- After completing a mission relating to the campaign, the NPG AIs will not tell what to do or go next... most of the time I wandered around.. looking for side quests- The interface for the gameplya, especially the syringes... could have been better managed, like in FC3. It took me a while before I mastered it on PC.Conclusion;Can buy if you have lots of time to play....Thank you all for reading & if someone knows of how to continue a mission, pleadse let me know. Cheers. :>"
76561197985200086,Recommended,298110,13863941,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Shade,"Very good game. Following traditions of FC3.Only one downside. Please, take people who designed last Shangri-La mission and make them suffer, that is a real piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,298110,13032745,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,CrazyPriest,"Far Cry 4 is a very enjoyable game. The open world in this game contains so much fun stuff to do, including side quests and activities like hunting and skydiving. The strongest part of this game makes the open world.The campaign however, did not met my expectations. The main protagonist is in my opinion not so interesting, neither is the main villain Pagan Min. The storyline lacks the originality, which the storyline of far cry 3 had.I also want to mention the poor optimization for this game. I have an Amd radeon 7850 royalking GPU and a good CPU, but no matter on which video settings I am playing this game, it's lagging all the time. I've seen Far Cry 3 looking much more beatiful than this game and that says a lot.If you play games like Far Cry just for the campaign missions, this game isn't your game to play. Fortunately this game has more to offer. Exploring Kyrat is lots of fun, but after a while the random events get boring and you realise all the side quests are kind of the same. I would certainly recommend this game to anyone, but not for 60$.I rate this game a 7/10"
76561197970918669,Not Recommended,298110,13854313,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,123,Completly unable to run this game on my PC. My system meets all the requirements and i have all the drivers and direct X11.
76561197970474192,Recommended,298110,13857098,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,jmpreston,"FarCry 4 could be dismissed as simply a reskin of FarCry 3, or a slightly larger expansion than Blood Dragon, and in truth this is a fair criticisms. However, the formula is so polished now, so full of the recognizable and the unexpected that the game still provides hours and hours of sandbox bliss. If you didn't like FC3, you won't like this one either. But if you enjoy playing around in a wonderfully realized game world, then this a game for you."
,Recommended,298110,13350166,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Comrade Potato,"Welly welly well, what a game...Far Cry 4 can be amazing fun, but there are a few things holding it back, before we get into that, lets look at the positives (Mainly in comparisson to Far Cry 3):-GORGEOUS graphics-Story makes just a bit (Tiny bit) more sense than Far Cry 3's-Royal Army soldiers are not as braindead as Far Cry 3's Pirates-Complete change of setting (Considering that every other Far Cry has been on a Tropical or otherwise arid environment, this is the himalayas, which adds a lot of vertical gameplay and spectacular setpieces)-Pagan Min is hilarious! (CRAB RANGOON!)-Improved writing-LOTS of stuff to do (As in, once you finish the game's storyline it'll say you're 24% finished, not kidding)-Fun multiplayer-Co op added (But it'll be reviewed more in depth later, as well as multiplayer)-Syringes you make actually let you be high as f*ck, which is good-Really good map editor-A really cool secret endingNow, lets flesh out a bit more some of its aspects:-Multiplayer, while good, can be quirky, this is because of bad netcoding (No dedicated servers...) and a horrible tickrate have you dying behind cover, or shots not registering properly a lot-Co op has disconnected me a lot of times whilst I ensured my own internet wasnt causing it, neither was my friend's-Whilst this doesnt have any of Far Cry 3's Rakyat or Tatau BS this has a normal dude who's just come to scatter his mother's ashes become a killing machine in literally less than 10 minutes ( I mean c'mon)-You will NOT understand what the hell is going on until later on in the game, sadly, due to bad character development-If you don't like your story decisions. Because this game has a branching storyline) to be punished every time you are better off not playing this game, since you have to either choose option A or B, and they are opposites all the time, there is no ""Everyone wins"" option. In total, you will always get scolded by some AI no matter what you chose in the storyline, which can be annoying to some (Didn't bother me that much)-..........................The wingsuit.................... Now it automatically deploys if you are sprinting + jumping, which can be annoying as hell, it's killed me more times than I can remember (Change the controls ASAP to prevent it)-There is actually stuff to do after beating the game! You can now reset ALL the outposts in the map making the game  much more REPLAYABLE!Summary:Were ubisoft to improve the current network and stability issues, this would be one of my favorite games, but as said before, some aspects hold it back. However, it is a well spent purchase that I recommend anyone who enjoyed Far Cry 3 to get, it's a good game.8/10"
76561198012573816,Recommended,298110,13350619,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,TexasLH,Good Graphics Sick Gameplay I have not one Complaint
,Recommended,298110,13338314,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Heroes Of The Storm,Rampaging through outposts on an elephant while shooting a machine gun10/10 GOTY it's okay
,Recommended,298110,19372665,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,TwixtorOG,Words can't explain how much I love this game. No comments!10/10
,Recommended,298110,20729558,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,JonathanWhiting13,One of the best intros in a video game
76561198169087020,Recommended,298110,20930008,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Spliskan,Greta game !
76561197988261569,Not Recommended,298110,20921544,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,itburnsburnsburns,"Sorry, but I can not recommend.Play it if you are a fan of the series (like me), or if you did not play FC 3.Why no recommendation?99.5 % identical to FC 3 (including the drug trips)More or less no story.Annoying have-to decisions between Sabal and Amita.Annoying shangri-la missions, especially the boos fight.The f***ing eagles.No need for syringes and find out how to use them.Final mission is less challenging and interesting than a hostage rescue mission.You earn 3-5 times more XP amd money than you can ever spend (on normal).No sex ;-)The good: The mountains in the background.Conclusion: Just a not-so-good remake of FC 3."
,Recommended,298110,20944401,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,SupaBrownie,10/10 Would skip school again...
,Recommended,298110,20941706,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,n..b,"Love this game.Pros:1. the view is great.2. the sneaking in is rewardful and thrilling as always.3. Enjoyable collectible and side missions.4. Love the new "" upgrade home"" element.Cons:1. The plot is kind of weak.Enjoyed this game with my friends. What a shame FC5 would not support coop."
,Not Recommended,298110,20851416,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Tante Rina,"This Game is Good, but when you want play with your friend Coop, they always cant connect the Game session.Sometime its connect, but a hours they disconnect, and cannot recon. please fix it this problem"
,Not Recommended,298110,20856110,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,FeelsBadMan,"crashes every time i start the game, does this only happen to me?i have tried repairing the game with steams tool"
76561198134560950,Recommended,298110,20859799,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,D1abet1c1,dis gud
76561197962074309,Recommended,298110,20863897,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,pompom69Qc,Is there another game that you can take a gyrocopter and kill peaples with a grenade luncher while your in it.
76561198161831424,Not Recommended,298110,20780699,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,SixPackChode,uplay just ruins the experience.
,Recommended,298110,20838287,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,DEFY | Emo Hoe,very
,Recommended,298110,20717788,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Dogberry,"First off, I have NEVER played a Far Cry game untill now. Far Cry 4 was a great opening to this seemingly awsome Far Cry series. Graphcs are great, coupled together with the animals that hunt eachother and humans, animal AI is the best I've ever seen in a game. Story was fun, the radio towers and the outposts along with the fortresses. At hard difficulty this game is actually a good challenge. I enoyed it very much, In my opinon, worth the buy. However for a period of time the game would crash and it was so bad I couldnt even get in-game. I turned off the uplay in game overlay it just magically fixed. Even the game hates uplay."
,Recommended,298110,20835781,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Arathiel,"Solid free roam FPS with a good-enough storyline, fun gun-play, and a wealth of upgrades and weapons to be unlocked and purchased.My only criticism at this point, having finished the main story line, was that even on the ""hard"" setting, none of the objectives presented any real challenge.If you're a fan of previous FarCry games, this one won't disappoint."
,Not Recommended,298110,20836724,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,dariuslwheeler,"Well I'm sure the game is great, and i'm sure i would love it.... if i were able to play it.  I've had it for about a week and apparently the uplay server has been down the whole so i can't redeem my code, so I can't can even see the game /:"
76561198048567555,Recommended,298110,20832208,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Bluemoon,"Far Cry 3 with less bugs, better guns, more immersive environments, etc.   All in all a worthy successor to 3, still wreaking of consolitis, but w/e I had fun with it, thumbs up."
,Not Recommended,298110,20827481,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Wassey,"this game is a real copy of far cry 3 with just as manny radio towers. but this time your in some woods in the mountains instead of a much more interesting tropical paradise. my sound broke halfway throw the story in the cut scenes, and i didn't even care. that is how boring and uninteresting the story is. the only fun thing in this game is that now you can actually have a coop partner when you take over all the stupid towers and outpost."
76561198103102763,Not Recommended,298110,20749703,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,ha_w21,"Uplay didn't show farcry 4, kept saying there are problem xconnecting to uplay service, GIVE MY MONEY BACK, FU CK ING UBISOFT AND THEIR ♥♥♥♥♥♥ UPLAY I GOT RIP OFF"
76561198169859621,Not Recommended,298110,15809453,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Big Zeeke Bolt.gg,No i cant even play it i have buy it but it doesent work so i want my money back and buy something on cs:go
76561198082768370,Recommended,298110,15856167,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Mr Bee,a really great game for relexing.
76561198109376583,Recommended,298110,16119327,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Trilord3,Amazing game with hours of content and fun
76561198038935118,Recommended,298110,16144513,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,kavvah,"Far Cry 4... this game is a fantastic game jam packed with big crazy guns, fantastic stealth mechanics, and best of all it is huge with a great story and hundreds of hours of content (not including the level editor).The competitive multiplayer was half baked but an interesting idea. but the co op is a huge step up from far cry 3's.I rate this game 10/10 being great in every aspect except for the fact that king min shows up 5 times and talks to you on the radio, he doesn't really seem so bad because you can stop random patrols ect without resolving it. he isn't hateable enough. ten outa ten."
76561198140347940,Recommended,298110,15352329,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Silly_Skeleton,This is a fantastic game that can even be played on the laptop but i recomend you have 8 as you min and 16 as recomended (memery) for and great Far Cry experiance.
,Recommended,298110,16237772,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,GodlyPoop,"This game is so amazing, its basicly a improvment from far cry 3 which was still a great game. I loved exploring everywhere, crafting and o man these graphics. The story is i think in opinion great, But i'd have to say the funnest part is going to have to be taking over the camps and being able to replay them too. Only complaint would have to be the multiplayer mode it didnt keep my entertain for too long but many would consider it lazy, but im fine with just story mode or coop."
,Not Recommended,298110,15493239,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,YoKo TEAM?,Black screen pls help :(
,Not Recommended,298110,16241757,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,hmepas,"All this UPlay stuff just making me sick, you can't just start a game you've bought and play it right a way, you have to go thru UPlay menu, wait for an update to download without any prompt, if it's available, you can't play if you are online. And every damn time you start the game you have to watch ubisoft, game engine and game itself intros without ability to skip them. EVERY. DAMN. TIME. Like 20 seconds waste.Minor fault is what game localized and you can't turn it off. And no warning about it when you buying it, looks like multilingual on the store (steam fault here).Also story wise Far Cry 3 was way better, with more emerse characters (Vaas i miss you!). Here is main villain is dull as well as all other second characters. Location itself and views are beatifull though. Some weapon balance changed for good like you can't put a sound suppressor on a sniper rifle right away."
,Recommended,298110,15989878,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,AliazX,Yes! Just buy it and have the most fun you have had in a long time!
,Recommended,298110,15979972,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,bones,"Great game, you do get tired of it after a while, but it took me about 20 hours. (Played offline)"
76561198033719770,Recommended,298110,15983319,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Neo-Rio,"I've played all of the Far Cry games so far, and this is the most polished yet. All of the Far Cry games essentially throw your character in a large, sprawling ""sandbox"" map with gorgeous vistas, and allow you to defeat enemies in any way you see fit. You can choose which weapons you want, and how you approach your targets. Will you silently sneak into the base? Will you be a sniper and pick them off from a distance? Will you throw mines and bombs into the camp? Will you fire at them up high from a helicopter?... or will you just go in guns blazing, driving a truck through the gates, and start blasting everyone from a mounted turret? The choice is yours!There are plenty of vehicles left lying around for you to use: cars, boats, bajaj (the three wheel motor taxis), gyrocopters, hang-gliders (a Far Cry staple), and this time around, even elephants! In this release, you can even fire from inside vehicles - a very welcome addition.The map is huge and there's plenty to explore - although the scenery feels a bit samey. You can even climb up and swing on ropes in the installment of the game. You'll find loot all over the place, herbs to make medicines, prayer wheels to spin for karma, and evils masks to destroy. There are wild animals to hunt, and skin to make holsters to increase your carrying abilities. There are radio towers to climb that expose more of the map. There are also letters scattered around the map - finding them will give you the backstory, and could prove to help guide your choices later on in the game. In short, there is a lot to do!As a sandbox game, it excels when random elements that come together to create memorable experiences. A few times I'd be camping outside a base quietly to spy on the enemies inside, only to be attacked by a leopard and blow my cover. Then the entire base came out to get me!The story campaign will throw you a few curveballs including ""stoner"" levels (you'll see), and sidequests into the mystic world of Shangri-La which are absolutely gorgeous (If not ripping off Elder-Scrolls Oblivion just a little bit!)In addition to the story campaign, and an arena deathmatch.... so you are not spoiled for choice here in gameplay options. There is co-op multiplayer as well, so you don't have to play alone if you don't want to.To top off an impressive package, there is a map editor.... so when you've completed the game, you can design your own outposts, or play hundreds of other players' maps off the internet. You'll be getting endless replay value from this alone.The ""Escape from Durgesh"" DLC is yet another take on the sandbox, and is a supreme challenge for expert players. Much more replay value than the yeti DLC.Now the negatives:If you've played previous Far Cry games (particularly Far Cry 3), this game isn't going to feel much different. In fact it almost feels ripped right off, with a new coat of paint and a new antagonist. It only has some tweaks on the already successful formula. In addition the story feels tacked on an a bit hokey and stupid. The plot only starts to become coherent towards the end - but you might be initially turned off by it. I certainly was. Perseverance is recommended, even when it gets stupid and you have some mad idiot NPC right up in your face, invading your body space and rambling on about some nonsense. FarCry 2 at least tried to be intelligent.If you overlook the story though, the game is really great, especially if you haven't played a Far Cry game before."
76561198121159544,Recommended,298110,15627976,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Hydrality,Such an adventures game! most games from the Xbox SUCK because of glitches! but this came out very well!...just make sure you have a good computer...
76561197963943735,Recommended,298110,15632546,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,>>Rabid<<  Platypus,"The one downfall to this game, is it's tie to Horribad Uplay. U-play is clunky, buggy, crashes and has a horrible interface. I almost didn't buy the game because it was on U-play. Other than that, very solid RPG elements incorporated into a good storyline with the feel of progression as you advance."
,Recommended,298110,15820355,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,summit2k,I overall enjoyed this game. I personally liked Far Cry 3's story significantly better than FC4's.
76561198071776533,Recommended,298110,14275048,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Trouser_Dune_Worm,If you liked FC 3 you will like FC4.  If you are looking for a different experience than FC3 do not buy.  Its pretty much the same game with updated graphics and a new setting.  Would recommend if you enjoy FC3.  Has some new twists but nothing major or gamechanging.
,Not Recommended,298110,14275476,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Justified,"This game is quite possibly the laziest thing UbiSoft has ever released.  It's FarCry 3 with Elephants and an Eagle...  To top things off, you get to lose your save data after the completion of ACT 2 to a bug... which is about 25-30 hours into the game depending on what you do.  I am doing what I can to get MY MONEY BACK and I will NEVER be buying another crap UbiSoft game title.  This glitch has been reported as far back as 3 months ago and there has been no patch... Lazy.  It's even all over their forum about this glitch and no fix or even a comment from them... brutal.$70 wasted.  Unbelievably♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off."
,Recommended,298110,14247493,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Absolut,yes but no
,Recommended,298110,13253579,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Spunkie,"Last Update:1.7.0 with some tweaking it is finally running good. It suffers from micro stutter all the time but somewhere middle on the road I forgot about that. Getting over all this technical hassle it's the best FarCry so far. Just finished it with a big smile. :) Recommended. Finally.Update:The 1.5.0 patch renders it playable for me. Thanks Ubisoft for using the mouse as a ... I think we call it ""Pointing Device"" now ... and not as a ""Joypad Emulator"".The stuttering is still there, ruining every single second of the game. Can I recommend it now? NO! What we have here is the absolute MINIMUM what you can expect from a game! At least it ""runs"" now and -- hell yeah -- I have a chance of actually controlling it!I expect that this current state is taken by Ubisoft as ""the finish line"" (like in Watch_Dogs). If you are in desperate need of your next FarCry fix and able to throw massive amounts of hardware power at the game (Desktop GTX980) -- feel free to take a look at it. If you expect a technical ""near finished"" game -- stay the hell away!-----------Original Text:I believe there is a funny game somewhere hidden under all these technical flaws. I can't tell you.I have a i7 4710HQ (3.6Ghz) with a GTX980m Gaming dedicated system, freshly installed and I simply can not run this game in a way that is fun to play (for me). And I am not willing to wait anymore. This is the third DOA Game from Ubisoft this year and the grace period is OVER!- Stuttering near an unplayable condition- Bad overall Performance- simply the most destroyed mouse controls EVER in a ego shooter- random chrashes at random points loosing play progressAnd I tried A LOT! 4h pure Ingame time ... every second wasted fiddeling around with every possible combination of ingame settings, drivers and configuration file edits. I'm done with this mess of a game.Maybe some day we'll see a patch that makes it at least playable for me ... maybe then I'll have the will to play it again ... maybe I'll edit this ""review"" by then ... maybe."
,Recommended,298110,14249635,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,captaink,"A rhino helped me take out an enemy convoy, then it killed me."
,Recommended,298110,14249771,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,rishaandm,Bam!
76561198000898216,Recommended,298110,14254312,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Crazy Conor McGregor,PRETTY  ♥♥♥♥ING FUN!!!!
76561198052846286,Not Recommended,298110,13979355,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Twisted,"Ok so... honestly Far cry 4 was a really fun game, there are only three reasons I cannot bring myself to reccomend the game.One the storyline: yes it was interesting but it seems forced at times, and the choices you made wether it be to preserve or destroy have no effect what so ever (as far as I can tell) after you finish the main story except a few lines, even the major choices like kill (no spoilers), or spare (no spoilers) doesn't matter at all!Two (oh am I gonna get hate for this) the villains: yes Pagan is a great enemy who you can learn to love/hate but he, and his entire group get next to no explination. In fact the one villian I actually thought about after the fact was Paul and thats because I parked and listened to his whole story, the rest of them have very little told about them other than basic things told right before, during, or after their fight. Even Pagan himself gets little explination untill the very end other than, yeah he's a crazy dictator who knew your mom, can you kill him for us?Three pointless side missions: You would think liberating the entire south would lower the amount of enemies right? well not by much (if at all). Also a person would be lead to believe there was something to force them to liberate outposts right? The answer is a big nope, I left the entire north and there was no penalty at all except unlocking a weapon I would never buy. The last bit I can add to the pointlessness is this, after you find a chopper you will never have to touch the ground or non-required enemies again.While I may not like aspects of the game its still REALLY fun and some of the characters can really make your day (Yogi & Regi), and to be honest I liked the written story in the game and if they had incorperated what the written lore has then I would definitly reccomend this game. Also the satisfying ending is lovely (no spoilers, but bring the worst pistol if you want to laugh).The final thought I have about this game is this: I like it enough that I feel I got my moneys worth, but play this for the guns, drug trips, whats written,and the psyco, not the story, or 100%ing (<-this one will make you hate the game)."
76561198064873272,Not Recommended,298110,13991107,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,MarchHare,"After playing Far Cry 4 for 15 hours, i would say that Far Cry 3 is a better game.  Play that one instead if you havn't already.  Far Cry 4 does have slightly better graphics and the animals are REALLY well done (although some feel out of place rhinos and elephants), but the environment is just not that interesting...its hard to explain but the 'landscaping' is just not as clever as Far Cry 3.   Gameplay is fine and the few little additions like rock climbing, personal helicopter and riding elephants are really nice.  IN some ways Far CRy 4 has become more like Just Cause 2 with its squirrel suit and parachute and driving missions but instead of making the side quests fun they have become just filler with no real excitement or pay off.  Just Cause 2 is an amazing game!! super fun!!  Go play that instead...   i wouldn't say Far Cry 4 is a waste of time because you can enjoy it but there are better games out there.... I wish the series would get back to Far Cry 2 style with a few Fallout 3 esque elements!!!!!  i hope they go to the desert next!!"
,Recommended,298110,14040051,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Predaking,Very Good Game Love It!!!!
76561198041563542,Recommended,298110,14041184,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,El_Jimbo,I particularly like watching eagles attempt to fly away with people..
76561198093809861,Not Recommended,298110,14041355,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Arcanine,"The game is broken. There have been numerous times when the next part of the objective, the cutscene, tutorial, or even enemy encounters wouldn't load. I found that if I ""reset default settings"" in the graphics menu, it would work. However, this is tedious that we have to do this when consoles are capable of playing the game without having to reset anything. Furthermore, I was using the default settings from the start.My PC specs are below if you care:AMD FX-8350 4.0GHz 8-Core ProcessorGigabyte GA-990FXA-UD3 ATX AM3+ MotherboardAMD R9 Gamer Series 8GB (2 x 4GB) DDR3-2400 MemoryPNY Optima 240GB 2.5"" Solid State DriveWestern Digital Red 4TB 3.5"" 5900RPM Internal Hard DriveXFX Radeon R9 290 4GB Double Dissipation Video CardCooler Master HAF X ATX Full Tower CaseCooler Master V850 850W 80+ Gold Certified Fully-Modular ATX Power SupplyAsus DRW-24B1ST/BLK/B/AS DVD/CD WriterMicrosoft Windows 7 Home Premium SP1 (OEM) (64-bit)Asus VG248QE 144Hz 24.0"" MonitorTP-Link TL-WDN4800 802.11a/b/g/n PCI-Express x1 Wi-Fi Adapter"
76561198022320677,Recommended,298110,14045697,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,shiipz,"Not sure about this one. Would say i deffinitly got my moneys worth out of it in hours. Did not like the characters or the cut scenes, they quickly started to drag on. Did not enjoy the story line quests either. Only worth in this game is the claiming of the towers and outposts which is the same as farcry 3 but a new map. The grapple climbing is very well done but the forcing of long quests without weapons that you spent hours unlocking seems pointless. There are still errors with the mechanics, like opening of the wing suit and jumping over walls. Worst of all is the Shangri-la quests, on hardmode there is almost no possible plan attack its just sloppy arcade style with respawning bad guys.I read a review saying some things similar to what i have said here before i got the game. After getting it i had a few moments where i thought this is awesome. Not most is done i am bored as with it. Dont think i would replay once i get to 100% and the only parts left are the slow collecting of bits that simply remind me of GTA collections, not very fun.Final note, the arena is most cool and probably best part of the game. for $75 you will get your money worth but could have had more work, or work put into better areas of the game."
,Recommended,298110,14035126,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Gewicks,Very fun game not too many glitches but the glitches in the game are kind of funny. At the middle to end of the game you get very OP. Also when you reach the end game their is not much to do. 8/10
,Recommended,298110,13990013,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Zanok,"Fun as♥♥♥♥♥♥ Nothing beats sneaking up on a ♥♥♥♥♥ and gutting them like a fish. It shooting them like fish. or droping in and stabbing them like a fish. ♥♥♥♥ fish, especially in this game. 10/10."
76561198033245978,Not Recommended,298110,13990215,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,DuHasstMich,"Game crashes all the time for me, on a 2.5 year old rig that I play a lot of games on that never crash.Ubisoft took our prepaid money for Season Pass and failed to deliver. They still advertise some of the DLC missions as Coop when they are not. They have not bothered to change their website even today.They have not responded to my support requests about the DLC Season pass."
76561198087879303,Recommended,298110,13963237,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,CW3 Stew,The pc version has framerate issues but stil stable and relatively playable on a decent system 3GB video card and 6G ram.
76561197996609620,Not Recommended,298110,13965855,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Moericus,every ending to this game sucks; you have been warned.  Play for the sandbox.
76561198050062262,Not Recommended,298110,14230785,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Lord High Emu,"A nice DLC pack nothing else, it's quite disturbing how little new content is achieved in a whole new title. You pay £40($60) for a new map, albeit a pretty map, but never the less a new map. New weapons are few and far between with most weapons of all types being direct imports from Far Cry 3, for the first have of the game nearly all weapons are direct cones or reskins. Skills..... once again shockingly for a NEW game nearly all the ""perks or skills""are reused from Far Cry 3 which is disapointing.All in all this game could have been so much and it had so much potential but it was wasted by a lazy game developement company. Still a fun game....because it is Far Cry 3"
76561198140287102,Recommended,298110,14231736,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,WesCraven,"'Looks like Far Cry 3' . Believe me its much better. Trying to find all those lost letters, MG journals and masks; discovering all ?s, it is amazing exploration experience. If you wanna do something crazy, try the Shanath Arena at hardest difficulty, it may seem easy at the beginning, but as you reach the higher levels, final rounds become totally vicious.Hunting is hard mostly, except you are using a signature (Buzzsaw for example makes it sooo easy)Bell towers are guarded in Northern Kyrat (some are heavily) and quite challenging to reach the top.Outposts are not that easy to liberate. Fortresses turn into high quality action movie if you are noticed by your enemies, even the dogs.Hunters are dangerous. It is great to have a sneaky enemy like that.Eagles, rhinos, demon fishes and honeybadgers are completely annoying, but it makes the game even better.You can ride an elephant and bash your enemies.Only thing annoying for me is distance optimization. That map cannot be 8k meters from one end to the other. It is at least 20k and distance is shown correctly if it is short but long distances are totally incorrect.If I could explore himalayas as much as I did in Kyrat and distances were correctly calculated, this game would be 10/10.Now it is 9/10 as they release DLC missions in Himalayas.Hunting, bomb defusing, eye for an eye, assasination,armed escort and golden path supplies missions are also great but nothing extraordinary (except hunting for supplies)Characters except Ajay (I did not like him, Jason Brody would be amazing in this game) are nearly perfect.Far Cry is an idea of letting you explore the new world they created in every single aspect. If you love open world games that does not come to an end easily, this is the game you've been looking for. Trust me!"
76561198067334792,Recommended,298110,14103222,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,dannifer8,"Don't get me wrong, I love Far Cry. However, this shouldn't be a game where every time I open it I have to cross my fingers in hope that it won't crash. Because it does. A lot. It doesn't just randomly crash, but if I change the graphics it crashes and it also crashes a ton on startup so have fun trying to run this game. I'd still recommend it though! :)"
76561198097155355,Not Recommended,298110,14267495,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,The Awesome Wun,"I loved Far cry 3, so I don't know if it's just me having high expectations but I feel Far cry 4 is a step in the wrong direction. The story is lacking because both of the leaders of the golden path *Spoiler* are terrible people in the end. That said i would've liked to side with pagan min seeing as how he is the best of the three, *Spoiler* but there is only a 5 minute campaign where you can side with him. In the end I feel 3 was far better and would recommend anyone to play that instead."
,Recommended,298110,14269161,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Chibotle,I only have to say 2 things: Gyrocopter and Elephants!!! But seriously the best far cry game of them all! Even that ♥♥♥♥♥♥ wii version XD. But yeah worth the money!
,Recommended,298110,14369858,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,DanDanTheFryingPan,"Amazing graphics and story, nice open world features. 10/10 potatoes"
76561198006896499,Not Recommended,298110,14371855,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,FoxHound,"Well, if you liked FC3 then this is the DLC you have been waiting for! It felt and looked the exact same, used the same engine, even the npcs are rebranded and responded the same. Lazy production and story line, I felt FC3 had a much more dynamic feel and memorable characters. CO-OP has little to no purpose with how easy outposts and strongholds are to take, hard mode just makes you die faster and in no way makes the enemy any more difficult. Weapons are pretty much useless to unlock as you will get a solid 3 that do everything and in the end the ripper is so OP you dont need anything else(add in the damage boost from syringe and its almost 1 hit KO). ZERO replay value! Waste of a pre-order, would be worth while on a 10$ steam sale. 3/10"
76561198099460236,Recommended,298110,14373065,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,tyler.beghtol,This game is so much fun. The pros first.It has a co-opHuge diverse open worldYou can create your own custom mapsYou can ride on ElephantsUnique crafting with upradesGreat arsenal wich you can customizegreat graphicsThat sums that for the pros.Cons-Uplay.Uplay sucks but I honestly dont mind it too much.10/10 for me.
,Recommended,298110,14359795,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Dr. Plutonium,"This game is a good game that is very similar to the previous one, as expected. There is one technical problem I repeatidly face with the game and that is whenever I start up the game it crashes unless I disconnect my mouse and keyboard until it comes to the start screen. All in all this is a good game."
,Recommended,298110,14360595,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Nixon Fox,Awesome game better than the 3rd everything is better and everything!
76561198092075885,Recommended,298110,14361230,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Russian Vodka,One of the best games of 2014 :D
,Not Recommended,298110,14361720,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Mom's Spaghetti,"pretty drab in comparison to far cry 3. very slow progression, not very fun."
,Recommended,298110,12991697,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,S𝓃𝑜𝓌k𝒾𝓉𝓉𝓎,"It is good, but i still like 3 better."
,Recommended,298110,14362682,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Fosh,Definitely a great story with a crazy twist at the end. great gameplay of course. Make your decisions wisely.
76561198135530009,Recommended,298110,14363157,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Eziperom,"Found porn on a guard ""Wet and Ready for the Yetti""10/10 Would watch it again"
,Recommended,298110,13988316,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,renod,Pretty good game. Functionality much improved over Far Cry 3. Controlls regarding injections are confusing. Story overall is pretty weak. Don't miss shangri la - probably the highlight of the game. Played well in 3840x720 on gtx 760.
76561198081190811,Recommended,298110,14392559,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,The Eyehole Man,It's like Skyrim with malaria. 10/10
,Recommended,298110,14455820,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Brandon Hortman,"Fun game. I like screen archery and have a strong system.Biggest complaint is the lack of variation in the landscape, no free cam, and I beat the game before UBI ever got a crossfire patch out. Super lame, I wish I would have waited, or they would have planned.Still with only one 290X, all settings maxed, sweetfx, at a resolution of 3200x1800 the game was perfectly smooth at 30FPS."
,Not Recommended,298110,14456188,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Maslow,"I don't even know what the game is like. I spent an hour getting it ready and I have no idea what the actual gameplay is like.First you set up a uPlay account, then you give away your personal information, next you try to play this on PC and the either the sceen blacks out on a multi-monitor setup (ten years in IT, there's nothing wrong with my system) or decides to give you errors when loading because it can't connect to an online session. Also, make sure you unplug every input device but your keyboard and mouse before you play this game because this is a console port and if you have anything remotely unlike a keyboard or mouse, this game will decide your webcam is a damned controller and switch it to gamepad controls.Look, if you got five hours to waste every night, go for it, I hear it's a good game. If you don't it is a total pain in the♥♥♥♥♥for a PC gamer. By the time you get to the unskippable intro splash screens and cinematics you will be too far annoyed to actually enjoy the game."
,Not Recommended,298110,14456758,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,King Frustrated,its just like far cry 3 dont buy it
76561198126820151,Not Recommended,298110,14456833,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,RustaBusta55,this game just inspires and urg deep down making me want to make a diffrence in this world but then seeing an enemy fly 30 feet in the air from a stair case and fall and die just reminds me this games kinda♥♥♥♥♥♥compared to farcry 3 dont waste your money its wierd as hell
,Recommended,298110,14457241,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Maximus Decimus Meridius,"Good game but could have been a GREAT game if it were 4 player coop!!! Common Ubisoft, take some notes from Borderlands coop..."
,Not Recommended,298110,16722856,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,MissNerdyMe,"Far Cry 4 didn't bring any new improvements from Far Cry 3; the same ol' take an outpost/broadcast tower and move on to the next. The GPS system is still buggy, the pathways are still buggy (I was stuck more than once and had to quick travel back to an outpost), and some of the discovery locations are in the air or under the ground where it is inaccessible. The main story was over by the time I had half the map discovered. I was also disappointed that the achievements only show up on UPlay, not on my Steam achievements. I bought this game at 50% off ($30 US) and I would still consider that overpriced."
76561198031146296,Recommended,298110,16722928,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,finn,dont like the ending there isent one
,Recommended,298110,16666955,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Deven,Skyrim with Guns- IGN
,Recommended,298110,16671642,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,CHAN ZD,เนื้อเรื่องแย่กว่าภาค 3 มากPagan min ตัวร้ายภาคนี้ อุตสาห์ออกแบบมาเท่กว่า Vaas มาก ( ดูมีมาดกว่า ไม่บ้าขนาด Vaas )แต่โผล่มาต้นเรื่อง นี่เล่นไป 10 กว่า ชม. แล้ว ยังหายจ๋อย  มิชชั่น่ารำคาญเยอะ เนื้อเรื่องเดินช้าแต่ระบบ แม่งโคตรดีเลย มันส์มากๆ มันคือภาค 3 ธิเบตอิดิทชั่น ก็ว่าได้คือมันทำให้ระบบ เจ๋งขึ้น ภาพสวยขึ้น มันส์ขึ้น โดยรวมแล้วก็ยังชอบอยู่ดี ถึงยังเล่นไม่จบก็เล่นคุ้มแล้วจริงๆSale เมื่อไหร่ก็ซื้อได้เลย รับประกันความมันส์ (สำหรับคนชอบ Far Cry นะ)
,Recommended,298110,16675507,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,KaPow,This game is just perfect. Every detail is important for you to hunt and find all the treasures and objectives. Easy to play and an involving story. Worth every penny :)
,Recommended,298110,16608845,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,DoogitNow,"If you liked Far Cry 3, you will love this game. All of the best features of 3 are back in here: outposts, hunting, assassination missions, great weapons, and an unforgiving environment. This game contains about twice as much content as FC3 with added features like the arena, mini-heli, wing suit, co-op, fortresses, throwing knives, side missions, and much much more. Highly recommended."
76561197975010888,Recommended,298110,16611052,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Marc-haraja,"Fun game. Would like to have been able to play co-op for the campaign missions, but as a whole it was a a worthwhile game and at least I could play co-op for the side missions."
,Recommended,298110,16611333,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Tandor,Apparently I'm a badass.
,Not Recommended,298110,16612043,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Special Fatso,Cant even start it it just freezes with 2 windows one big and black and one smal and white
,Recommended,298110,16613248,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,PINK✧OMEGA,"Far Cry 4 was a great sequel to Far Cry 3. I saw many people complain about how the game is almost exactly the same but in a different area, and that is true, that's why the game was so good. Story is good, graphics are top notch, difficulty (for me) was just right, and controlles were really good as well. The BIGGEST problem I had with this game was that Noobisoft refused to ever come out with compatability for dual graphics cards, I thought this would be fixed after the first few weeks, or months but they never bothered which really sucked because with such good graphics I NEEDED both of my 7870s to run this game on anything past 35ish FPS on High settings. They did come out with a dual card update but it just made each card run at 50% each instead of one card at 100% which is still lame."
76561198123258008,Recommended,298110,16617059,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,marijan773,"Seems a lot like FC 3, but still manages to provide you with enough hours of fun to make it worth your while. You should however, buy only when on sale, not really worth dishing out full price for Far Cry 3.5. Just like any open world a lot of activites for you to sink your free time in.8/10Pros:-beautiful world, one of the most gorgeous open world games, blows Skyrim out of the water-solid optimization, in fact amazing optimization considering it's Ubisoft,  but I heard it wasn't so at launch-various wildlife and the interactions between it, I mean an eagle swooping up a wild boar like it's nothin' new, come on :)-btw what is up with those eagles are they pro MLG players so need to be so agressive u wot m8 ill♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥claw yer♥♥♥♥♥♥♥face off :)-  mmmmm the takedowns, love em ;)- a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of various weapons-  weapons sounds are authentic- Pagan Ming :)- the side missions are somewhat more interesting- I saw some naked ladies there m8 :)Cons:- crazy difficulty spikes and CHEAP deaths in the campaign - think those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ bombers from Dying Light ughh :-/- f*****♥♥♥♥♥♥excuse of a story, just like FC 3 - doesn't really matter- the side missions are somewhat more interesting, they could have done more look up Black Flag Ubisoft- Longinus shut the hell up whatsa matter with you if you like Revelatins some much go play AC Revelatins :)- the  abudancy of cliches in the dialogue ughhhhh- main character is passive and has no f***to give about the whole situation- UPay"
76561198093158990,Not Recommended,298110,16643668,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,GRIZZLYBEAR,wtf i download the game then play for 1 hour then i get off then come back an hour later then i go to play but then it askes for acctivation code wich i did at the start then i put it in and it says that someone has already used the code and know i cant play because its saying that another account has used it so now i cant play this probable ever again ?THANKS ALOT!
,Recommended,298110,14185720,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Evil,.BUYS far cry 4 because i was a fan of the third.waits 2 hours to download.starts it up gets black screen 10/10
,Recommended,298110,15432298,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,ShrekWrecker,"With every new game there is always a new take on diffrent things. When it comes to far cry 4 the game itself is just as what it was last time with 3, but it saves itsef with more to do a decent story and alot to play with. all in all 9/10"
,Recommended,298110,15433829,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Merkhava,This is a spectacular game and it runs beautifully!
,Recommended,298110,15434425,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Bricebox,"Yes, it's remarkably similar to Far Cry 3 in every single aspect. But it adds a few new features and a new environment that is exceptionally well-produced and that makes it unbelievably fun."
76561198169332945,Recommended,298110,15533962,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,john.hi,IT WONT WORK IT SUCKS jk I LOVE IT ITS THE BEST GAME OF THE YEAR LOVES TO THE GUY WHO MADE IT
,Recommended,298110,15526825,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Ninja Cat,0/10 Uplay
00000000000000000,Recommended,298110,15527953,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,willy wolly,uplay is horse♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,298110,15520721,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Creepy,"Pretty much the same game as FC3, the villain is good, but the story is not quite as good as 3. The gameplay is reliably solid with some marginal improvements on its predecessor. if you liked 3, this is worth the price of admission"
,Recommended,298110,16195041,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,veRGe,"Similar in play style to the last Far Cry game, so if you enjoyed that one, you'll probably like this one too. It's even better overall in my opinion. The co-op is now superior and way more fun. The animals are my favorite part haha"
,Recommended,298110,16085383,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,CIDTripper,I've really enjoyed this game.. more so than any previous version. There's more variety of everything I enjoyed about FarCry 3.  There are some limitations regarding usage of the grappling hook but I find most of the time there's a hook where I need to go anyway. I've had tons of fun sneaking around and surveying stealth routes as well as going Rambo with the MG42. And just when I start getting cocky I'll get death rolled by a croc or gored by a yak. Excellent game overall.Uplay is less intrusive now but still unnecessary.
76561198065836720,Recommended,298110,16122303,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,benrivo,Best game of its year by a long shot10/10
,Recommended,298110,16123047,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Siimurg,"Wow. What can i say. i finished the game plus all achievements in 40 hours or so.. The story is great, I mean the characters could be a little more developed other than Pagan Min, and maybe the option to have separate save slots would of been great. But the game itself, still abit glichty after so long. But gameplay is great.. Story is great. Action is great. Graphics is beautiful. The game is fantastic. Recommend to all. To sit down and just sync some hours into the game. Really get the most out of it!"
76561198040888405,Not Recommended,298110,15151324,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Tushypushy,"One things for sure, Ubisoft has found a rhythm for this franchise and they are not budging.Here’s the thing with this franchise, it’s a love-hate relationship for me. I am a natural completionist and I love collecting. I can't tell you how many hours I have spent collecting♥♥♥♥♥♥even on games that I have completely hated. Far Cry 4 definitely fulfills that desire, but I digress. This franchises problem, and honestly all of Ubisofts games have been suffering from this for years, is that all missions and side missions start to feel like you're just going down the list. There's no real payoff anymore and you are just doing the same things over and over again and expecting things to change. It doesn't help that the challenge is practically stripped away somewhat fairly early on. Strongholds quickly go from ""sneak in, stab, kill guy with bow, get seen, and fight off reinforcements"" to ""let me just pick off every enemy with my silenced sniper rifle."" And here's one thing I haven't been able to figure out, what's the point to having an open world when there is really nothing to explore? I mean sure you can find a cave, but what then? It's just a cave with some loot and probably a collectible. What these games need are actual interesting landmarks and bigger cities and villages that consist of more than just a handful of mindless NPC's that give you a random task that has no story or personal connection to either you or the NPC.In Far Cry 3, the protagonist, Jason Brody, is just a normal guy forced into a life-or-death situation. He is stuck where he is by his need to help his imprisoned friends. Far Cry 4's protagonist, Ajay Ghale, goes into this land to spread his mother’s ashes... and oh wait, what’s that? Now he's invested in the civil war that's happening there. He does whatever he is told without question with no real reason as to why he should care. Jason Brody had character arch, Ajay was as bland as they come.One thing is sure with this game, death will happen. That is when you have a wingsuit and parachute that kill you at every turn! I got the wingsuit about 20 or so hours in. I immediately hated it. Not because I would start flying and then die from a bird smacking me right in the face (which did happen on a couple of occasions), but because it would constantly deploy on the tiniest jumps and instantly kill me when I would smack in to the wall or mountainside that was previously only 20 feet away. It wasn't until about 15 hours afterwards that I discovered why this kept happening. This game has toggle sprint on at all times. So if you naturally hold down the sprint button at all times in order to sprint, then you are gonna have a bad time. If you continue to hold sprint while jumping the game will think you are wanting your wingsuit to deploy due to them being the same button. It was a very frustrating feature that forced me to consciously change how I have naturally played for years. I know that I am just ranting at this point, but this is on top of the many bugs that were incredibly frustrating. For example, when I pulled out my parachute with absolutely nothing around me only to die instantly for no apparent reason. And that is just one example. Others include a helicopter that was practically scripted to fall and blow up on me and the vehicle that I was trying to protect, getting melee'd to the ground and slowly standing up only to be shot up right as I regain control (not a bug I know but a horribly frustrating feature nonetheless), and having to reattach every sight for every gun on a regular basis. I cannot tell you the amount of times this damn game killed me and how often its bugs made me want to kill myself.Overall this game is a step down from Far Cry 3. The biggest improvement was the verticality that the landscape had compared to Far Cry 3, but it was practically the same game with slightly better graphics, more bugs, and a crappier story."
76561198036178349,Recommended,298110,15166229,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Apparadox,"I can't find anyone to play this game with online, so.....replayability died for me a long time ago.I'm sure the DLC is cool, have not tried it. But I'm not much of a believer in DLC considering 60 bucks only gets you half of a game nowadays.I put a solid 40 hours into this game before it got tiring. So I can't say it was a complete waste.If you can snag it on a sale, get it, hands down.  Great story, absolutely beautiful map.  Plenty of fun♥♥♥♥♥♥to do."
76561198038642905,Recommended,298110,15169119,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Flabbin Dabbin,Honey Badgers don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥until you shoot them with a rocket also it teaches you things like how rhinos are huge a**holes and deserve to rot in hell
76561197980036198,Not Recommended,298110,14465922,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Barackbinladen,"First of all, I am a huge fan of the Far Cry series, HOWEVER this pile of steaming♥♥♥♥♥♥is an unbelievable unplayable, glitchy, videogame. How long Has it been since the game been released? 3 MONTHS, and I am still (as well as many other people) unable to play with with a Microsoft Brand Xbox360 Controller. These devs are ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. Wasted $60. Thank you Ubisoft. Thank you for YET AGAIN stealing my money. FIX YOUR ♥♥♥♥ING GAME."
76561198109824304,Not Recommended,298110,15172538,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Haduksta420(shankershim),"ok ubisoft and farcry im ♥♥♥♥ing fed up with the black screen, when i start up farcry its a black ♥♥♥♥ing screen. I WANT THIS FIXED AS SOON AS POSSIBLE, I PAYED 50$ FOR THIS, AND I BOUGHT IT CHRISTMAS DAY, I GOT JACK♥♥♥♥♥♥ SO PLEASE FIX THIS, IVE BEEN WAITING TOO LONG."
,Recommended,298110,15081175,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Andisocial,I have loved Far Cry since the beginning and now I love it even more with what they have done with this game. Far more to do in game and the range of charaters is always something to enjoy. Def a good buy for anyone looking for a FPS
76561198086090674,Not Recommended,298110,15086887,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Lukien,"First off even with the thumbs down this isn't a 'bad' game! It's just another game where I really wish there was a sideways thumb option.If you've never played a far cry game before and love a shooter than you'll probably love this game but if you've played even a single previous far cry you'll find this one on the weaker side of things in both storyline and mission intensity. There are many good and bad things about this game so I think I'll do the traditional pros and cons.Pros:-Open world with many side quests/random occurances.-Love the vehicles, especially the gyro coptor since I couldn't get enough of the wing suit and gliders in Far Cry 3.-You can ride elephants, not really sure if this needs an explanation.-Several weapons to choose from.-Beautiful landscape, visiually this game is stunning especially in ultra settings.-You can control a bit of the story based on the leader you want to back.-Taking over outposts and fortresses to control the areas-Upgradeable talents, so you really feel like you aren't the same old smuck who dropped into a warzone. You actually change and are able to do more over time.Cons:-The sheer amount of stuff in the game can be a bit overwhelming, such as the karma events even to a returning player.-The story is flat. The campaign is really rather boring, most missions are so mundane that I watched tv through them.-The game is split into 2 areas, north and south. You work hard in the south but once you break into the north the game feels rushed like the devs just wanted to get it over.-I had a real hard time believing the main character, Ajay Ghale, would have really stuck around for any of this. Scattering a family members ashes is important but not if it involves a civil war.-The weapons aren't customizable to the same scale that they were in Far Cry 3.-You're supposed to play a character who grew up in the U.S. and yet when you drop in you're immediately a practiced assassin badass slaughtering people. Come on guys, make us work for it like we did with Brody.-The skill system could have been turned into something really neat like the Tatu but it just seems like the devs had no interest in it.My own personal suggestion for the story: To me it would make more sense if Brody and Ghale stories were reversed. Such as Ghale is unlocking his heritage with the Tatu and Brody is trying to rescue his friends from Min.I'm sure I'm missing a few things in there but I need to wrap this up. The game is great if you're a returning player to Far Cry, or if you're looking for a new shooter game but for the love of god do not buy it at full price. Even at 40% ($36.99) off I feel like I overpaid. If it drops to $20 bucks snap it up, it's worth spending a few hours playing at that amount."
,Recommended,298110,15026211,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,tN|Steve-nC-,Beautiful game world. Great game play. Great voice acting. Good story. Good writing. Fun side quests. Good variety of weaponry. Fun stealth tactics.I highly recommend it.
,Recommended,298110,15026952,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Some_Guy22,Its amazing
,Not Recommended,298110,15013767,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Saphiron,"A great game, mired by a multitude of technical problems. On a system with: i7 2600, 20GB DDR3, and a GTX 980, the game crashes CONSTANTLY and you'll end up losing your current mission progress. Also, the game decided to crash on exit once and corrupt my local save files. If not for the cloud saves, I would have had to start over at 24 hours in to the game. I still lost 7 hours of progress.While basically a rehash of FarCry 3, if you enjoyed that one you'll enjoy this game. Technical problems aside, the game is gorgeous and runs well when it's not crashing. Solid shooter and stealth mechanics, plenty of upgrade options with a wide variety of weapons to choose from, and a great antagonist.All that being said, I cannot recommend buying this or any Ubisoft product until the get their $*@# together and stop releasing buggy, beta state games. I bought it on the recent sale and still feel somewhat ripped off based on how buggy the game still is."
,Not Recommended,298110,15015887,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,blob,Its just too short i played about 10 hours of campaign and about 15 of messing around in multiplayer. That isnt really a good balance for a game thats 60 bucks. If it goes on sale yea buy it as it is still pretty fun. But there isnt any replay value and you will not play it more than once.
76561197966208368,Recommended,298110,15031154,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Psycho_41,Love this game....
,Recommended,298110,15111268,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,jonners,Excellent
,Recommended,298110,15111394,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,darkfrog,"Having played and beaten all preceeding Far Cry games I was hoping for a bit more from 4 than a new story with much of the same feel as Far Cry 3.  However, despite the game falling short of my hopes, it was an enjoyable game that I would recommend.  The story was interesting and the gameplay addictive.  Hopefully Far Cry 5 will shoot higher."
76561198050162710,Recommended,298110,14063300,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Madpack,I would reccomend that you buy this game
76561198056533951,Recommended,298110,15130916,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,CyanDrudis,Be warned about co-op... Not that it's bad or anything but the impulse to blow your friend up with your nade launcher...THE URGE >_>
76561198016664611,Recommended,298110,15132872,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Echodyne,"Far Cry 4 is a pretty great game in many ways, enough for me to definitely recommend it to others, but it does suffer from something... It gets quite repetitive and boring.  Everyone I've talked to who has it says it.  They say it's awesome, however kind of boring.  I found myself only 52% complete when I finished the campaign, which means I lost interest in running around Kyrat unlocking weapons and killing beasts and baddies.  That being said, the campaign story was good, not great, but good.  There are some pretty interesting and quirky characters, and what's with all the drugs?  You get drugged so many times in this game, that for a time it seems constant!If you enjoyed the last couple Far Cry games, you'll probably enjoy Far Cry 4.  I know I did, however they will need to do something new with Far Cry 5 to keep me interested.  If the next game is just the last game on steroids again and in a different setting, I may not pick it up until steam puts it up for 75% off."
,Recommended,298110,14866433,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Holy Church of St.Gogava ✞,quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaack
,Recommended,298110,14866891,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,huey hydro,9/10Like Skyrim with no mods
76561198053340127,Not Recommended,298110,14869545,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,GannicusTheBrave,"This is the perfect game for someone who likes spending money for broken equipment.  I, personally, am not one of those people.  If I spend money on something, I expect it to be fully functional after a complete download.  I don't like spending hours wading through seemingly infinite problems people are having and posting on google searches.As you may have heard about this game, there are problems with outside USB connections, dual core Vs. quad core issues, game pad connections...etc The list goes on and on.  Some say that if you disconnect all your controllers, mice and keyboards, you might be able to look at the game and pretend you are playing it.  Others say that you can avoid disconnecting them and just disable them.  This gives us the same result, but it does have the added bonus of not having to get off your♥♥♥♥♥ so that might have a nicer ring to it.I have also seen people on youtube downloading some file that has a couple of those nice words in them:  ""DOWNLOAD at your OWN RISK"".  That is enough for me to be a little skeptic.  Others are using foreign software, checking boxes with languages that mean nothing to most people that seems to work.The point is, if anyone is considering this game at the current time, I would recommend that you wait just a bit longer until those IT idiots at Ubisoft finish fixing those errors that should have never have been published with in the first place."
,Recommended,298110,14872382,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,{thug} Dio,"Just Great!I've been waiting for this since I've finished FC3 for the 3rd time....and it is worth every second spend waiting and dreaming about his!Please, please play this game, it is amazing.Animals, guns, forest, enemies, elephants, rhinos, what else is left to say?Oh, helicopters, snakes, bears, leopards, eagles, badgers... and awesome side missions, A W E S O M E!And plus... you can reconquer any base you wish... a whole lotta game."
76561198145239055,Recommended,298110,14935798,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,soroush,"More of the same fun that we had in Farcry 3, except now you can replay outposts. On the whole it's a better game experience compared to 3 but in terms of the story and characters involved it's a bit weaker.+ A lot of different weapons (I think around 60, mostly customisable)+ Single person helicopters that you can use to fly around everywhere+ Awesome arena, just gets your blood pumping and somewhat challenging+ Car-jacking, while you're both driving along... looks great.- Lame story and lack of choices (during story progression)... but then again this is an open world shooter and not a Bethesda RPG.Overall I'll give it 8/10. Quite entertaining."
,Not Recommended,298110,14898105,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Mr. Lonely,CANT EVEN PLAY THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME BECUASE MY GAME CRASHES INSTA ON ANY LOADING SCREENS. BUT I HAVE MASTERED THE MENUS SINCE THATS ALL I CAN DO ON THIS GAME>. SO IF THIS WAS SUPPOSE TO BE A $60 MENU SIM IT IS PREFECT. PLEASE MAKE A SEQUEL. THANKS FROM A SASTIFIED CUSTOMER.
76561197993430860,Recommended,298110,14938366,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Callian,"I feel like Far Cry 4 got a really unfortunate amount of flak for such an enjoyable game. Is it perfect? No, I wouldn't say so. Is it very similar to Far Cry 3? Yes it is, but Far Cry 3 is a phenomenal game. I could espouse the graphics, beautiful setting, responsive aiming and shooting, interesting characters and strong sense of progression, but one might argue that Far Cry 3 had all of that too. Fair enough, I suppose. I could talk about the excitement and sense of accomplishment that comes with taking out an entire enemy base by yourself with naught but a knife, or the furious intensity of a frenzied firefight, but you could get that playing Far Cry 3 as well. Anyways, enough sardonic beating around the bush...Far Cry 4 doesn't reinvent the wheel, but it does what it does very well. If you're like me and you loved Far Cry 3, you'll love Far Cry 4. Full stop. The map has more to do, there are lots of unlockables, collectables, and plenty of weapons and upgrades to acquire and experiment with. Random events present opportunities to defend your captured bases, take out or commandeer enemy supply trucks, kill enemy runners, save captured hostages, or destroy an entire heavily armored convoy. You can also repeat base captures for additional points and cash, so if you fumbled your way through your initial attempt, you can recapture some of your dignity at knife-point. You get a grappling hook which presents some new climbing opportunities in this far more mountainous region, and you have a supply of throwing knives to add to your list of throwables. Oh, and there's a semi-automatic crossbow, which is a stealth-oriented player's dream come true. In terms of new additions, there isn't a ton else of note.It would have been nice if they revisited the weapons, as most of the available fare are carry-overs from Far Cry 3, and I agree with some people's criticism of the main character Ajay being able to jump into gratuitous murder with little distress or stumbling, but that does make it a faster start for players who have played through FC3. Would I buy it at $70.00? No, probably not, but I bought it at $40, and to me it was definitely worth that price tag. If you're still not sure, might as well wait; it's not like it's going anywhere."
76561198008497499,Not Recommended,298110,14939776,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,DragonKnight,Liked running around in the sandbox environment. Didn't like how the last bit of the storyline played out.
76561198129330064,Recommended,298110,14940034,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,The Cosmic Joint,"I decided to buy this game after it wen on sale a while back and the price dropped to $35.99.At first i was scepticle and fought with myself on whether i should or shouldn't buy this game. After much decision making i decided i would get it and after startimg it up i started to get nervous, the second i loaded it up i was instantly releived of most of my concerns on whether this would be a good game or not. I absolutly love this game. to make this shorter, I'm just goning to list the reasons whyt i love it:1) Graphicaly stunning2) Amazing gameplay/missions/side missions3) Incredibly awesome weapons (auto cross, elephant gun, etc)4) Epic wild life and terrain (I highly recomend this game for people who love the wilderness)5) Endless amounts of enemys to kill6) ELEPHANTS!!!!!7) The nail bitimg story and decisions you have to make8) And last but not least, the gyrocopterNow please, stop beimg an idiot by debating wether or not to get this game, just buy it, its worth every penny."
,Recommended,298110,14941932,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Sprinklepuffs,"Indeed much more content than its predecessor, tons of fun, lots of opportunity.  Totally recommend!"
76561198122523435,Not Recommended,298110,14942075,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,ColtonAmour,"Personally, this game was not as fulfilling as Far Cry 3 (Please note I said PERSONALLY). There was something about Far Cry 3's jungle/ocean setting that I just absolutely loved so much while while Far Cry 4's Kyrat is more of a large forest filled with a good amount of hills and pretty trees, but for whatever reason I have a fascination with jungles so the environment wasn't really as enjoyable for me. I was a bit dissappointed when I realized how similar the gameplay was to the previous game, though I guess some similar features are simply what makes a game more interesting like the collectibles, even though I didn't really feel as if I was being rewarded properly for collecting these items. There are still radio towers that you have to run around and find ways to get to the top which I guess is slightly innovated with some newer ways of maneuvering the towers. I'm pretty sure all, if not, most of the guns in the previous game are in this one as well, though they did add a few more regular and special weapons (Also as a word of advice: if you want the gameplay to be more challenging, don't buy the Buzzsaw because it's completely overpowered). Of course, there are some different animals compared to the last game, due to the setting taking place in a different region. There are a few more skills and takedowns added, but nothing significant at all. There are a few more vehicles like the hover boat and helicopter, but the other vehicles look pretty much the same. I can at least give Ubisoft credit for making better side missions compared to the last game, so at least that was innovative. The storyline is ok, I guess. It's not as thrilling as the third game where Vaas would be constantly capturing you, talking about weird things, screaming at you, trying to kill you, etc. It's mostly just two leaders fighting over what decisions are more moral than the other and then letting you decide, which I can understand it's nice to have a bit of choice-making instead of a linear plot, but I felt that there needed to be more to it than making a few decisions and coming across the antagonist maybe a couple times and not really having much of an interesting ending, since the antagonist doesn't even bother fighting you or doing anything to make dealing with him that intense or exciting (He literally allows you to shoot him if you please, like he doesn't care). I would've probably liked the story a bit more if I had an antagonist who really made me feel as if I got myself into a really bad situation for messing with them. As far as graphics go, I could only play on somewhat high settings, but it still looked pretty nice. Some of the rock textures look like crap, but for the most part it was ok. Also at this point in time there is some graphics glitch that causes the game to stutter every single second of the game, which is really stupid and annoying to the point where I didn't really want to bother with this game, but there are fixes for this that will remove it for the most part if you simply google the issue. Overall, I would have to say this game is borderline somewhat crappy to decent since there isn't really anything new compared to the last game and the story isn't really that interesting and wouldn't really recommend it, but if you haven't played any of the previous games, it may not be as bad of an experience for you. I might have just been so burned out on this game because I beat Far Cry 3 about seven times before I got bored of it so the fact that I felt there wasn't anything really new with this game was quite dissappointing. You're better off playing the third game if you want a good Far Cry experience."
,Recommended,298110,17850782,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Herr Gamer,"I really enjoyed my time with this game. It's incredibly similar to Far Cry 3, but the new villain and a lot of new mechanics make up for the lack of big new inventions.Though, I'll warn you, if you were hoping for lots of verticality, you won't really get it, and, if you were hoping for lots of snowy areas like you see in a lot of the early trailers, you'll only get it in 3 missions which play like a CoD corridor shooter. Well, maybe a bit more open, but you get the idea.By the way, if you feel like doing something at the very beginning of the game (the first gameplay scene, really), don't lose patience, you'll get what you wanted by just being patient enough. (Which is something I wasn't, so I ended up nitpicking the story afterwards because I thought it didn't let me do something which would've drastically changed the *rest* of the game.)"
,Recommended,298110,17869842,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Martin,Robin Hood sneaking through the woods again :)A lot of fun!
76561197988633195,Recommended,298110,18127455,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,kabilah,"Of the Far Cry series, this is the best.  3 was good.  2 was better.  1 lacked the engrossing nature of a story.  This has a good story that I started to care about even as callous as I consider myself to be.  The weapon upgrades could be more configurable, but that helps to keep the game balanced.  Without the weapon upgrades as they are, I wouldn't be as happy with the combat difficulty.  It is just hard enough that I get a sense of accomplishment.  Overall I'm extremely happy with this purchase and I will be playing at least two more times to get the leadership outcomes that I'm interested in."
76561198095815823,Recommended,298110,18140489,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,StormMaster,"if you buy this game looking for some new things that really make it different from far cry 3 just walk away. its pretty much the same game with much better graphics and more polished overall in every aspect so if you enjoyed far cry 3 you will probably enjoy this one like i did. also it does have some funny moments like that one time i shot an elephant in the middle of the enemy base and it just went nuts and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥them. also that one time i decided to drop baits (attracts wild predators) down on the enemy base from my little buzzercopter and then used a grenade launcher to make everything go boom. and also that one time i got chased by a tiger, a pack of wolves, a rhino and a bear but i jumped on top of a elephant and slaughtered them. a lesson i learned from this game is that elephants are op9/10"
76561198066798804,Recommended,298110,18144847,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,SOLSYK,i like that the game looks and plays perfekt(if you hava a good computer)
76561198134169234,Recommended,298110,18251063,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Lackskada,fun stealth game
76561198136972332,Recommended,298110,18685828,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,I aRe SmaRter,I loved this game. To me this is the very definition of a first person shooter.
76561198028031469,Recommended,298110,18698785,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,nhunt5477,best game out
,Recommended,298110,18658122,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Gal,"Nice game, but lots of bugs.."
76561198060039032,Recommended,298110,18585935,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,ros117,"A core feature of any good sequel is the ways in which it builds on it's predessecor, By that definition Far Cry 4 is a fantastic sequel that improves upon pretty much everything that Far Cry 3 did right and rights some of the major issues of that game. In a era where every second game is open world, Kyrat stands out among the crowd as one of the best feeling gaming sandboxes to date. Varied landscapes combined with the unscripted nature of FC 4's core gameplay make for some amazing moments. So if you are in any way a fan of the series or a fan of FPSs in general, I recommend picking up Far Cry 4...provided you don't mind some technical issues. One of these days Ubisoft will learn how to launch their games in a finished state...any moment now."
,Not Recommended,298110,18619460,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,SaucyD,"Another half-baked, formulaic ,remake from Ubisoft that never quite lives up to the potential set by its predecessors.  With each new instalation of the series Far Cry gets further away from the promise of Far Cry 2, focusing more on the wacky, and less on the true grit of the first two games."
,Recommended,298110,18624572,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,✯Tyler✵ - SteaмLevelBot,the game very good but the online not
,Recommended,298110,18627903,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,filipan,"""You're a waste of skin!"""
76561197992338824,Recommended,298110,18596815,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,CPT_USA,"Excellent game, it has lots action the scenery is great. I`m glad I bought it."
,Not Recommended,298110,18576127,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,ThePandrake,"Was moderatly enjoyable, until I encountered the bug ridden Shangri-La missions where I could no longer complete successfully.  Play Far Cry 2 or 3 instead."
,Recommended,298110,18780441,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,IntenseRabbit,this game is awesome. Have nearly 100 hours and still love it.
,Recommended,298110,18753378,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Jerion,"It's good! Manages to simultaneously scratch the walking simulator, Tomb Raider and Crysis itches all in one package. And it features a terrific villain. A solid 9/10 at the best of times."
,Recommended,298110,18763657,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Defective Pain,Good game. Gameplay very similar to FarCry 3. Sadly not enough of Pagan Min.
,Recommended,298110,15226780,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Quaker Oatmeal,"I have about 167 hours of playtime; I completed the story on Normal and Hard (with 91% completion) and can comfortably say that I have experienced all aspects of the single player mode. In summary, it's a lot of fun. It is indeed very similar to Far Cry 3, but it is a completely new story and an entirely new and huge world that deems it worthy of being a sequel (and not an expansion as some people say). Graphics are fantastic, but be warned that the game is not SLI-friendly. I gained 20 FPS just by disabling it.The most unexpected and impressive thing I can say for the game, though, is the Season Pass is unbelievably worth it. I've never experienced DLC that could give me that much extended playtime. I put probably close to 40 hours of playtime into Escape from Durgesh and it truly is a unique way to play the game (especially if you find the game is a bit easy even on hard). Valley of the Yetis is really cool too, but I suspect most people would probably get between 8-10 hours of playtime on that one.All in all, game is my favorite of 2014. My only wish is that they would make a Very Hard or Extremely Hard difficulty because I put arrows in eye sockets from 100 meters out; that, coupled with learning the maps/outposts, just makes the game way too easy. Hardest thing about the game from that point is random eagles and yaks. Those will ruin your day, but are easily countered by maintaining a large stock of Hunting Syringes."
76561198036365441,Recommended,298110,15550962,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,MeosSpyder,"Unable to skip the into, it's quite long, does become rather annoying. Gameplay is great, it's a shame they havn't listened to the gaming community on this."
76561198063392860,Recommended,298110,15551485,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Dylia Riggles,"I'm gonna be honest here.  I never played any Far Cry game before.  For whatever reason, they slipped under my radar.  Only after seeing some gameplay footage did I begin to get interested in Far Cry 4.It's a highly interactive world.  It's almost impossible to walk around without encountering someone or something attacking you or needing your help.  Hours can pass by as you strive from one objective to another and you never get bored.  Different events demand different stragedies, giving you a veriety in gameplay.Making money is too easy, and yes, that's a criticism.  At the beginning, your inventory fills up quick because you don't have many slots, and despite items stacking, each indivual item takes up one slot a piece.This is my first impression of Far Cry 4, and the entire Far Cry series.  If anyone else has never played them before, I'd say give it a try."
,Recommended,298110,15555086,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,killstatus,"Absolutely love it, played far cry 3 and liked that one so much that i figured i would enjoy this one, and it does kinda feel like the 3rd one but in a good way, i recommend getting it if you enjoyed the 3rd one :)"
76561198066945542,Recommended,298110,15592530,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Rorian5294,"It was okay, 9/10"
,Recommended,298110,15599545,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Ess2s2,"Having just started Far Cry 4 two weeks ago, I must say, this game has sucked me in like no other.While I've never been the biggest fan of the way Ubisoft makes games (DRM, mandatory companion apps, downright hostile customer relations), I really cannot fault their ability to make an interactive graphics stress-test. In this, their craft has gotten markedly better, as their games have been steadily getting more game-like while still maintaining the level of visual fidelity one expects from a Cryengine title.So where does this trend leave us with Far Cry 4? Essentially GTA set in the Himalayas.Please understand, this is not a bad thing. In fact, I can think of no better setting for those of us who love the open world chaos of Grand Theft Auto but are tired of the city surroundings. Once the prologue is finished, players are set loose in a gigantic world in which random and scripted events mesh in a way that breathes life into the gameworld. Point in fact, in a very early portion of the game, I was getting ready to sneak into an enemy encampment when suddenly a leopard chased a pack of dogs into the area. The enemies, as scripted to do so by the game engine, immediately opened fire on the dogs, who went from running from the leopard to attacking the humans, while the leopard also went into full human attack mode. I watched in awe as 3 dogs and a leopard set about completely clearing the enemy camp that I had been seconds away from attacking. Once all the humans were dead, I knocked the leopard down with an arrow and ran down to collect all my loot. I hadn't thrown any bait, I didn't otherwise lure the animals into the camp. This was a wholly organic situation that arose from the sheer insanity of having so many game systems in place at once. These situations are not rare, but all are unique, entertaining, and immersive.FC4 feeds on this dynamic. The sheer number of things to do in this game is mind-boggling, from discovering new locations, to finding thousands of items scattered across the gameworld, to partcipating in hundreds of missions, quests, and distractions. Granted, some people may be turned off by such a multitude of activities, but each mission is so fun, and the ability to engage a situation so open, that all players will find a way to have fun in FC4. So many times have I marked a waypoint on the map and told myself that I would just do that one run before logging off and doing something else, then found myself playing a solid 2 hours later. The game is built for this, as on your way to any objective, you will run across random events such as villagers being attacked by enemies, a garrison of troops just ripe for stealth-killing, or the appearance of an animal you need to finish crafting a bigger ammo pouch. What starts as a quick diversion can quickly turn into an enemy chase that leads you halfway across the map, exposing you to yet more objectives, loot, insanely gorgeous vistas, and myriad opportunities to crouch at the top of a ridge and rain sniper bullets or arrows down on unsuspecting targets.The story--thus far at least--is quite good, and I'm continually drawn in by the suave, flippant psychopath that is Pagan Min. Backstory is elegantly told through collectables such as Mohan's Journal entries, which help flesh out the conflict currently raging in the fictional country of Kyrat. Other items, such as the masks of Yalung and the pages found near them, expand the scope of the story, revealing a serial killer with dark religious motivations, adding a chilling, mysterious side-story to the game. All of the characters are well voiced, and the mostly tight script helps to move the game along without getting in the way too much. Power Struggle missions are often difficult choices that help move the game narrative in a direction selected by the player, adding a layer of interactivity to the plot that a great number of other games lack. Choosing between collecting enemy intel or saving the lives of a group of rebels is a surprisingly difficult one, and the choice you make will affect who sides with you and what future missions you'll get to play.As already mentioned, the graphics, particularly on a system that can handle it, are incredible. When I bought this game, I was running a rather old GTX 550Ti, and I was still able to make the game look great. Just a few days ago however, I took the splash and invested in a GTX 970, and I'm constantly blown away by how unabashedly gorgeous this game is. As usual, the Cryengine is capable of some positively dazzling displays of nature, and standing just about anywhere in the game, the player will be slapped across the face with the realization of: ""I'm PLAYING this visual feast"". For the feeling of immersion, Far Cry 4 cannot be beat, even on lower spec hardware.Of course, no game is perfect, and yes, something as vast and complex as FC4 is going to have its share of issues, from a slightly unbalanced difficulty curve, to bugs, poorly defined missions, and at times spotty hit detection. One thing I can say, the wingsuit has upset me more than a few times. Often have I been in the middle of a firefight with the enemy, and in a bid to get clear of enemy fire have I run toward a very short ledge (small enough that you could climb up from the other side). Unfortunately, if you hold the run button as you go over the edge, you'll automatically open your wingsuit and since short ledges like that are frequently mirrored by cliffs, you will fly right into the cliff or the ground and instantly die. Not exactly the way I'd like to lose in a firefight. Same story with trees. Get too close to a tree in your wingsuit, and you'll soon be watching the loading screen, even if you never actually hit the tree itself. Other times, a hazy mission objective, or even the sometimes wacky pathfinding for waypoints has resulted in a game over screen when it shouldn't have. Fortunately, these issues are usually minor and can be overcome with practice (let go of the run button near cliffs unless you MEAN it!).When taken as a whole, FC4 has way more ups than downs and as an evolution of the franchise is one of the finest in the series, and despite the continued and adamant reliance on the Uplay companion app (seriously Ubi, no one likes it...please STOP), this game is a worthy addition to any PC library. I most certainly recommend this game to anyone looking for a fun, beautiful open world challenge with tons of stuff to do between missions.Cheers/Game on."
,Recommended,298110,15245621,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Ned Kelly,"great game, but I have serious issues connecting with friends on Co-op. Is this problem going to be fixed?"
,Recommended,298110,15295515,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,StrifeWolfe,"I absolutely love this game. It's a great addition to the Far Cry series. It looks absolutely fantastic and the controls are great for PC. It's one of the few games I've actually enjoyed exploring the world to find collectables. The random events add some interesting fun that break up just going from mission to mission and point to point. The weapons are both amazing and extremely satisfying to use. For example, shooting the engine of a truck with a anti-materiel rife shuts that vehicle down forcing the occupants to evacuate that vehicle. So much more.This game is not perfect though. Some of the side missions are a little meh while others are hilarious. The final boss battle for the tapestries is extremely frustrating especially when the game crashes 75% of the way through. And there are some other minor hicups and what not that is typical with all video games.All in all, if you don't own this game already, what are you doing with your life? It's a great experience and Pagan Min takes a spot in my heart as the best video game villian ever."
,Recommended,298110,15296339,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,drugs,I love this game...It FUN.
76561198145945705,Not Recommended,298110,15298606,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,fdsagdfgdfsg,okay guys here is the thing if u guys have 60$ that u guys like to lose or u dont wnat to have it u can spend it on this game cus this game suck cus pasicly once u buy it and instal it and u run it its not gonna work black screen that what u gonna get at the start of the game so like i said if u guys have spare 60$ and u dont want it go buy this game and u dont u wont enjoy it XD ia m serious after i buy it i have black screen cus the game is miss up so bad so have fun for who want buy it
76561198013812357,Not Recommended,298110,15299987,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,RicoMon,"Game has glitched and will not save. Contacted steam for help as I am a long time customer (over 15 years) who turned me over to ubisoft which has me jumping through techno hoops to correct the problem (which has not corrected the problem). ANd why they just don't have me delete the game and give me a fresh copy to download ( which is the easiest solution) I do not know. Save yourself and get a copy of dying light from amazon which backs their service. Both steam and ubisoft  are leaving me so unsatisifed that  i am going to jump ship,  so really folks stay away from this game and do not rely on steam for help."
,Recommended,298110,15331842,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,xDaudex,Pros -Lots of fun stuff to doGreat sequences when your character has been druggedDensly packed worldCons-Forgettable storyAmount of stuff to do can be overwhelmingYour captured outpost being attacked and you being forced to defend it to not lose it
,Recommended,298110,15333483,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,SanjuroTsubaki,"9/10 would be 10/10 but they did sort of just remake Far Cry 3, so... yeah 1 point deduction for that. Although at the same time the story in this one doesn't really take you in as much as FC3's story did."
,Recommended,298110,15411899,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,FunderFURY,The story was weaker than Farcry 3 but way more effort was put into the environment. Sand boxish. You can take things completely by stealth or rocket launcher blazing while riding an elephant.
,Recommended,298110,13779805,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,MercBer,"It could be awesome, but This game is BROKEN. Having a 360 controller plugged in causes crashing and glitches to the point that it is completely unplayable, the audio stopped working after about 3 hours into the game, there are all kinds of weird texture pop ins and things just missing... Spend your $60 on 12 other games that you can actually play.EDIT: Gave up and started playing with mouse and keyboard. Unplugging the 360 controller fixed everything. Now I'm happy, and the game is awesome."
76561198078122938,Recommended,298110,15469339,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Grildo,g00d gam.
,Recommended,298110,15469601,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Vulpire,RATE 8/8 M8
76561198024509690,Recommended,298110,15470999,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,TheJellyDoughnutReaper,"I need Help!!!!! Everytime i go to play it Windows Detects an ""Error"" and says it has to close the program. PLS HELP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198086162454,Recommended,298110,13000968,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Mr. Mosquito,"i didn't honestly think that they could beat far cry 3 but, they blew it out of the water! i'm in love with this game!"
76561198072005732,Recommended,298110,14447199,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,2_Much_4_U?,If you've played Far Cry 3 then 4 will differ slightly.
,Recommended,298110,14449238,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,REY,"It's good but not worth it,if you already have Far Cry 3.Same feeling."
,Recommended,298110,14449440,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,LukaMusics,It's alright. 10/10 BEST GAME WOULD ♥♥♥♥ AGAIN.
,Recommended,298110,14449527,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,spiceboy,Nice game although the story is quite short.
76561197968741097,Recommended,298110,14450289,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,RapidFire,Chaos Reigns.
,Recommended,298110,14450694,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Buzz,"A step up from Far Cry 3, I truly recommend this game if you like open world scenarios and lots of sidequests.Game is not that difficult and story is not that great, but the world is what makes Far Cry 4 stand up to its predecesors. If you REALLY want to enjoy this game in hardcore mode then don't ever use the mini helicopter they give you, then you can enjoy the whole world."
76561198113697877,Recommended,298110,13188901,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Epicgear60,"At it's current price of $60 I'd should've put it towards a gym membership.Firstly, good content, good everything, if you can run it. With recent updates, its gotten a lot better.This is very much the price where gaming becomes too expensive of a hobby so I'd recommend waiting.Otherwise, I would reccommend this good game. Wish FC3 had this stuff."
76561198038004294,Recommended,298110,14590620,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,johnmills54,"its awesome. the game is beautiful and a ton of fun. 34 hours in and im loving it. PS to those ♥♥♥♥♥ing about a bad port, this game is very graphically demanding, theres a lot going on. instead of crying, how about stop trying to play a game like this on a machine that cant handle it. geeze"
,Recommended,298110,14651730,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Mapsle,"7/10Good, but weak story compared to FC3."
76561198015530522,Recommended,298110,13996869,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Stor-Erik,"This is an ultimate sandbox game experience, but with a clear objective. The clarity is defined by YOU, the gamer, as you gain insight in whats going on in this ancient region. Your insights will guide you in the path you are about to take; A path that only can be walked, not told. Be aware! Your path is affected by an ongoing conflict and there is more than one thing that will try to end you, either by default or because of your doing.This game is a rewarding experience, and the difficulty is kept on an ever increasing level to keep you on your toes. But you also gain rewards and cash to buy better things to carry with you to survive. To beat the game, you have to play for a long time. However, if you stick to the storyline, the campain can be finished in an tolerable time.I give this game my best recommendations if you enjoy advanced tactics and strategic game planning."
76561198014047756,Recommended,298110,14649106,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Mr Safety,Love this game sooo much!!
,Recommended,298110,14637277,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,rommeldog,"Hmm Far Cry 4..... this is by FAR a better game in my opinion than Far Cry 3 was. That said I really enjoyed Far cry 3 the thing I did not like was once you took over the enemy bases the game got boring because the baddies just dried up.Now, Far Cry 4 allows you to actually reset all those bases and do them over creating a much more enjoyable experience after you complete the game. So many things were better in my opinion in this game. More weapons, gotta love that. One of which is a MG42..... oh yea! Wish I had unlimited ammo for that one. I enjoyed the split storyline. I have almost finished my second play thru on the oposite path.Bottom line, I would recomend this game. If you liked Far Cry 3 I think you will really like this one.I have not tried mutiplayer or co-op yet. I will try to remember to update this after I have done that."
,Recommended,298110,14319022,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,clevername,"Far Cry 4 is yet another addicting addition into the Far Cry collection. While I was far more impressed with the improvements seen in Far Cry 3 than I am with those found in Far Cry 4, that did not stop me from thoroughly enjoying my experience. You get what you expect out of this game. If you are expecting something revolutionary, don't get this game. If you expect Far Cry 3 with better graphics, a new giant world to explore, and some minor gameplay improvements: saddle up partner!"
,Recommended,298110,14319323,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Jackal326™,"Got chased by a rhino, fell off a cliff, got mauled by a leopard, attacked by an eagle, shot at by the locals and swung from a grappling hook attached to a gyro-copter my friend was piloting.11/10 - would do all of the above again."
76561198023312777,Recommended,298110,14324541,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Karakum,The single player as good as Farcry 3 but I did not like online scenaios very much.
76561198077238605,Recommended,298110,16017625,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Taste The Toast,good game
76561198092539230,Recommended,298110,15503232,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Mini chewy,Amazing gameplay and graphics 10/10
76561197972499865,Recommended,298110,16008851,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Hooch,"No major changes, unlike 2 going into 3 and it is very similar to the 3rd. Very enjoyable. Co-op is good but can't progress the main story which will limit the amount you can play alongside your friend."
76561198085556917,Recommended,298110,15539024,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Majitani,"Good game. Between this and Far Cry 3, choose this, Gameplay is the exact same, but there's a lot more to do in this installment"
76561198011878848,Not Recommended,298110,15570183,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Sir Filph,"Buggy as hell, keep having to press shift and tab to bring up the overlay to get the game to load and to progress the story, even then the game wont load first time, comes up with error and returns to menu 2 or 3 time before game will run. shame, I really like Far Cry 3 very much"
76561198021032985,Recommended,298110,15573387,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Kempeorlaxan,"It is really not a bad game but for some reason I found myself bored after playing it for 12 hours. Nevertheless I will probably return to it later so I would recommend that you buy it. In 12 hours of gameplay I had a lot of fun intercepting convoys, hunting, clearing out enemy camps and finding collectibles. Its not a huge upgrade over Far Cry 3, but the new scenery is appreciated.Ps If you have 4k monitor - only play in 4k resolution as the game bugs out if you play it in anything smaller. (this is only if you own a monitor with a native resolution of 4k)"
,Not Recommended,298110,15574939,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,BruteForce,Nota: 6/10No geral é um jogo regular e divertido.Contras:Vilão é quase mais mocinho do que o protagonistaOs gráficos são inferiores ao Far Cry 3O jogo sem todas as dlc's é incompleto.Final mais fraco e fácil de toda a franquiaPros:Você decide qual destino dar a PARTE da históriaMais realismo ao caçar animaisSer um far cry 3 com elefante
,Recommended,298110,13046684,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Dilley,"Pros:Everything is cool :DBeautiful scenery, storyline is quite exiting, new weapons, new vehicles, new animals, new almost everything.Gay dictator Pagan Min xDCons:CO-OP IS UNPLAYABLE!!!!!!Your partners stats does not update if you liberate outposts, fortesses or take towers etc. (so its technically waste of time >:( )Too much other bug for example your partner doesn't see some enemies or vehicles and sometimes it just crashes and all your things reset so HAVE FUN!Why did they desing co-op if you cannot play campaign with your friends or actually do anything at all. WTF.RECOMMENDED ONLY FOR SINGLE PLAYER!!!!1"
,Recommended,298110,13047024,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Sgt.Knox,how to fix far cry 4un plug all usb frount ports and game pads
,Recommended,298110,12998361,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,bosunmate,10/10  To me the money is well spent.  No complaints..
,Recommended,298110,12998500,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Nogrim,"flamethrowers while riding elephants what more can you ask for!Dumbo, CHARGE!!!!"
,Recommended,298110,12998516,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Untamed Caviar,"I have to give it to Ubisoft. Unlike AC: Unity, this game is actually playable! Keep it up, Ubisoft!"
76561197970540762,Recommended,298110,12998568,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,overkill,Initially had trouble starting the game with the dreaded black screen lock-up while loading.... yet uninstalling my logitech gamepad software sorted the problem out. Since then have loved playing the game. Awesome highly detailed open world similar to Farcry 3 but just packed with a massive amount of content and unique characters. Not to forget hunting the animals to upgrade your equipment can be a real challenge. Highly recommended if you can look past the initial bad feedback from the startup issues that plagued this game at the beginning.
76561198081131081,Recommended,298110,12998670,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,imma give you the charcandick,This game is incredible and very very good looking you need a beast of a machine to run it though
,Recommended,298110,12998839,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,urgant kisslord,"you liked far cry 3 and you love far cry 4.it's very simmilar to far cry 3 but bigger more stuff like animals and missions. a helicopter dude! more weapons and so on.I have a gtx titan and, i've experienced some flickering andd lag on very high, i've crashed the game 3 times as well, but i'm guessing this will be fixed in future patches. great game."
76561198047956938,Recommended,298110,12998954,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,BunnysGoRawrz,Just amazing so far.
,Recommended,298110,12999007,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,colegmr,DONT BUY IT YET!! theres a bug with the mouse acceleration you cant turn it off even if you edit the config!!!!!!
,Recommended,298110,12999076,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Broken Man,Like Far Cry 3 in Skyrim.
,Recommended,298110,12999176,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Camomano99,"Amazing Game, Great Graphics and Ive Had No Problems With It."
16876481651168794,Recommended,298110,12999219,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Fargarkle,11/10 - Like Skyrim with guns
,Recommended,298110,12999235,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Stopncamps,"i only recommend because i'm a fan of the series. it has a ton of problems, even after the day one patch, I run dual monitors, and have to alt+tab all the time to get the ""cut scenes"" to show up, ,,,, if all else fails on load screens, hit alt+tab, and hope for the best,,,, hopefully they will adress this, and other issues a/s/a/p,,,,"
76561198039077441,Recommended,298110,12999270,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,guyfromohio,I would give this game a perfect score... if it didn't force you to download u-play and launch it every time you open far cry 4. 8/10 for making me deal with u-play's horrendous interface.
,Recommended,298110,12999297,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,The Lone Wanderer,"Photography Simulator 2014, with guns."
76561198007108010,Recommended,298110,12999327,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Grumpy181155,First impressions are this just like Far Cry 3 with very minor changes in a slightly different location.  If you liked your Far Cry 3 experience then you will like Far Cry 4.
76561198063412173,Recommended,298110,12999990,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,upsetbagels,dont know how to get the preoder stuff
76561197977366927,Recommended,298110,13000117,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,KR,"Great game. Always enjoyed playing far cry. One minor thing which ubisoft can consider changing. keyboard based controls are now shared across driving and other modes. If they are separate, that would be good"
76561198053369538,Recommended,298110,13000194,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,xiongsheng12,i thou if u pre order far cry 4 you get the Harpoons weapon and some other stuff?
,Recommended,298110,14538463,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Exylem,"One of the best games of 2014. It isn't revolutionary, it probably won't surprise you, if you played Far Cry 3. But it is still ♥♥♥♥ing awesome.I believe it is a bit overpriced though, so if you are low on cash you may want to think a bit before buying it. With discount, however, it is a must buy.Angry Joe made the right decision when he included this one on Top 10."
,Recommended,298110,14439366,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,i8thetoast,Game is amazing but I wish you could replay the game with all your stuff that you earned and not have to redo the activities. Only have to do main/side missions. But I doubt that will happen.
76561198047967888,Recommended,298110,14539046,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Scrambler (CHIPS),"like guns and blowing things up? how about yelling and stabbing multiple people in a short amount of time? Or getting attacked by animals on a regular basis? If so, this game was made for you."
,Recommended,298110,14539107,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Lust,Price is alittle high but great game if you liked Far Cry 3
,Recommended,298110,14539230,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Am I 🅱️eing Detained?,"After reading many reviews for this game and seeing many people say that it is just like a slightly improved Far Cry 3, I believed that and refused to buy the game. Recently, after seeing a friend play it on his Playstation 4, I thought, ""Wow, this game looks amazing."" I saw it on sale for 40 dollars and I just had to get it. I immediately regretted ever doubting the game. While sure it carries many aspects of the previous game and borrows almost all of the core mechanics, the sheer amount of fun side quests and exploration activities made the beautiful landscape of Kyrat one hell of a good time. It is similiar to Far Cry 3, but much more fun, with better graphics, and a lot more hours to be put in."
76561198031717621,Not Recommended,298110,14582508,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,(-n00b-) akwarbird,"Don't waste your money on this or any other Uplay game.  I paid $60 for this and only got 19 hours worth of play before it stopped loading.  No Uplay games will work right now, even though it keeps adding extra hours running in the background as if I was playing the game, when actually there was no screen available to play on.  I put in a fix-it ticket with Uplay and it took them 3 days to get back to me, a request asking for reports about my computer, which is funny because Uplay isn't working right now for PS4 and multiple other platforms."
,Not Recommended,298110,14585787,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,gay faggot,"I paid $60 for a black/grey screen that says 'Not Responding' and can't be fixed no matter what I do. Go ♥♥♥♥ yourselves, Ubishit"
76561198088546812,Recommended,298110,14493488,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Kritz,"This game is amazing, maybe laggy for some people, including me, but it's totally worth it."
76561198121787513,Recommended,298110,14494853,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,jedifurby,Feels like they ripped alot off  of AC but is is their game so I guess thats okay. if you like the assassins creed playstyle; san the parkour you'll love this.
,Not Recommended,298110,14667786,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Eagle,"If you like playing far cry 3 this game is really the same thing with more stuff to ride or fly in. I think honestly that your better off playing far cry 3 then this because I found the story more engaging. Overall its not a bad game, but nothing new to really keep you playing."
76561198129379164,Recommended,298110,14667843,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,ZombiUbojica,"I'm recommending this game, but with a little disclaimer in tow. If you buy this looking for revolution and progress in the Far Cry series, this game probably isn't your cup of tea.I love it to death, just as I loved Far Cry 2&3, but it's no more a sequel than Blood Dragon. Is it prettier? Yes. Does it add some new mechanics and features? Yes. Aside from these two things, it's basically a pretty version of Far Cry 3 set in the Himalayan mountains with gyrocopters. They capitalize on the success and popularity of the charismatic psychopath Vaas, this time making him more prominent to the story as the charismatic psychopath Pagan Min.As you plow your way through the familiar main story missions and a lot of similar side missions, you can't help but draw huge comparisons between FC3 and FC4. One mission even has you burn down fields of opium, almost mirroring the mission where you incinerate marijuana crops accompanied by dubstep in FC3.If you loved FC3 like I did, and found yourself wanting more of the exact same thing, then Far Cry 4 is a game for you. If not, I suggest waiting for the inevitable sequels. They'll have to change the formula eventually, right?"
76561198120609448,Recommended,298110,14671591,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,King Calibur,This i have no words it is the best going in with stealthy takedowns snipe from a distance with a silenced sniper burn animals with the flamethrower it is one of the best games in the world!
,Recommended,298110,14672326,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Mr Bump,"Although the world is significantly smaller in Far Cry 4 than Far Cry 3, this by far in no doubt, is the best Far Cry that I've ever played. It was when I played Far Cry 4 that I can't believe this is already the 4th installment. To be honest, I've never played the first and seconds one and I started playing only with Far Cry 3 but I thought that the 3rd was like the most significant jump to the series compared to its previous installment and I thought the 3rd should deserve to its original beginning of the franchaise and FC4 to be its second.Here's what I think the best thing in FC4 compared to in FC3:Gyrocopter (We don't get to see this in FC3 and this is the best thing ever)Grappling (although I would appreciate if we can grapple at anywhere and not only at specific points)Shooting while driving (A big thumbs up)Hijacking (Another thumbs up)Hovercraft (Finally!)More animals (even tougher)Elephants (This is the ultimate one!)Mortar (Love the explosions)Arena (Nice one to help prevent the boredom)But again, it still doesn't go without flaws. One thing that bothers me the most in this game and I think also in previous installment is that flashlight is too dim. I mean, whenever I get into dark caves, the flashlight is so dim that many times I lost orientation of where and which point I'm heading to and I ended up going in circles. This is especially annoying when swimming in dark caves. Seriously, I stil wish we have a brighter flashlight and options to manually toggle it on or off."
76561198124557540,Recommended,298110,14729232,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,slenderman,"far cry 3 vs far cry 4better story : far cry 3, still far cry 4 have good story (MUST READ:u can even finish the game in less than 15 min , it is the secret ending , read in google about it BUT do that after u finished the game normally so u dont get spoilers,and this secret ending give u 40 uplay credits which is very important currency ) which is really funnybetter gameplay: far cry 4 . it is like FC3 but with much more weapons and vehicles ,including a mini helicopter that u can dirve any time anywhere freely , it is really fun game i recomended it , i wanted to play it as slow as possible by playing every side quest and so took me 35 hourshowever far cry 4 have a known issue with the graphics even u have a super computer  , some time it lag like helland here is how to make it run much more smootherhttp://kotaku.com/how-to-get-far-cry-4-running-more-smoothly-on-pc-1662694149"
76561198139786998,Not Recommended,298110,14747702,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,DistantTide,This game has many major flaws.
76561198138059544,Recommended,298110,14748418,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,ShmuFi,The game has a story built in unbelievable and graphics quality. No unpleasant things and I recommend to anyone who likes this kind Janeiro buy the game.
76561198039720674,Recommended,298110,14751520,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Cost,"Excellent. It's a pity we don't see more open world rpgs of this caliber and ambition. Characters are engaging, the combat fun/responsive, and a hundred different ways to get the job done. 10/10"
76561197977185090,Not Recommended,298110,16005873,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,oldmankelly,"Six months after release, I'm STILL unable to play in full screen mode or with an xbox controller."
76561198113588931,Not Recommended,298110,15995753,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,ghost_baby,after the second update it wont play and i dont know why
,Recommended,298110,15997032,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,WilliamAsser,GOODE IDE
76561198019366608,Recommended,298110,16028613,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Gray_Paladin,"Far Cry 4 -- An amazing joy ride: Story, characters, situations, dozens of weapons you will try in different combinations as you unlock them. Your greatest fear should be, ""When I stick my toe in FC4, and it starts to suck my soul, how long will it take me to get out again?"" It took me days, as a graduate student AND a family man. Thank goodness, wifey was away on vacation! Muhahahahaha.Stealth is actually like you wished it was in in the Sam Fischer games. If you succeed in re-hiding, they can't find you -- it makes sense. Maybe they give up too entirely, but you can get your act together in a way that's almost sensible. If you're approaching a compound and they've got a sniper on the roof who at some random moment will spot you, you take him out ... silently at range! If someone goes up and discovers the body, you pop them too. It works! You need to learn the variations silenced weapons; not all are equally silent. You really should hide bodies  -- and moving a body is not an option that goes away. I also love that there are numerous ways to do the same thing. If you want to frontal assault something, do it. If you want to stealth it for that feeling of accomplishment and the Undetected bonus, that's great too. For example, as the game matures, the dictator starts sending out heavily armed vehicles in threes you get credit for killing. I began killing these convoys with the smallest grenade launcher. Later, I learned I could snipe the drivers as they came down the street, and then pick the rest of the crew off. Game recognizes both. Excellent!There is a nice variation in the missions, such as the one where I capture one of the dictator's lieutenants, but not before I free hostages in the compound from individually abusive guards, stealth through, find the bad guy, and then have to carry him out on my shoulder. Oh, the grenade launcher finish I had to use to get him away in a jalopy! What variety in missions, too! The unavoidable hallucinogen trips are reminiscent -- and as well done (if you can believe it) -- as the ones in the original Max Payne. There is a wonderful sense of humor and tendency to homages as the psychedelic trips use late 1960s music and colors, all the way to the non-psychedelic assault on the lair of the all-white honey badger (dum da dum!!!)!! Where is that Holy Grenade of Antioch when I need it? (If you're paying attention, you'll notice the dead rhino, tigers and hunter outside the lair. What a riot!) Speaking of spacey trips, wait till you start fighting your way through Shangri-la. What a wonderful world within a world! Suddenly you pop from modern arms and stealth to ancient fantasy and legend. FC4 really outdid itself there. Also, the arena combats show an attention to detail that I became aware of the more I played it. You can get good at soloing arenas PvE, or do PvP or with friends.Oh, and you get your own house this time! What??? Yep! Not quite as customizable as Skyrim, but it is your own joint and you can have a helicopter on the side yard whenever you want it if you pay the bill. There are also other purchasable upgrades, some of them useful (like the garden), and others just for show.The Nepal-esque culture, architecture and people are immersive. The choices between the leadership types truly stretching on your own morality (let the country re-build itself with drug money or keep it in an enslaving age of idolatry?). The backdrop of the Himalayas never gets old, and I take snapshots of cornices, alpine meadows, and drops like a tourist. Gorgeous! There are locations in these Himalayas I can use as my happy place.What are the downsides? Very few:1. As in the earlier Far Cry games, as you clean up the scripted missions in a region, opportunities for adventure get thinner, and it can feel like there's less to do in those areas. FC4 does provide some medication for this: For example, you can re-attempt to take over outposts to see if you can do it better. FC4 is also as wide open as Skyrim for wandering into little matters of urgency: People getting attacked by the Royal Army, people getting attacked by predators, an enemy convoy or courier plowing through -- these things are constant and help reduce somewhat the emptiness once you've begun to clean an area up.2. There are a few silly behavior glitches. For example, silly civilians drive wildly and when your friendly civvies or rebel army types wonder in the street, the crazy drivers will knock them into the afterlife. Then, the nearby friend, spouse, or sibling will fall down weeping by the corpse and blame your dictator enemy for killing them (?!), even though it's really because the local mattress salesman can't drive! People need to drive smarter, and learn to stay out of the street!3. It is annoying the number of times, as you are leaving an outpost you've just re-equipped at, that the enemy attempts to re-take it. If it had happened three times, those three times would feel epic. Since it has happened so many times, it feels like simply a delay. Enemy assaults on outposts happen until you've wiped the fortress in that region. I stayed intimidated from taking the first fortress for a long time, hence, I had to deal with a LOT of enemy assaults on my outposts.4. The Ubisoft Uplay interface is from Hell, or at least from Purgatory. Can you believe it? In the middle of game after game, Uplay interrupted my game to sync up, or to perform other Uplay functions, AND IT CRASHED MY GAME ... repeatedly ... every time. Unbelievably awful software design. I eventually turned off every single setting in Uplay where it interacted with my game during play and since then, in dozens of hours of play, it's only crashed me once since I turned all their settings off. Funny thing is, now Uplay warns me that launching game is Not Recommended. Wrong! It's the only way you can play!5. There are some silly physical limits -- sometimes. For example, if you're going to climb hills, there has to be a grapple site included there. But, many heights don't have it. As we've experienced in many other games, for a superhero, it feels pretty silly not to be able to hop up a couple of feet to get to the higher grass to finish scaling the hill. And whatever happened to the mountain climbers' toolkit of spikes, ice axes, and rope? These limitations aren't prohibitive, but they are annoying. In general, FC4 truly is open world, perhaps not QUITE as open as Skyrim.6. The enemy's dogs are freaking telepathic. If you are doing an outpost and if you have to kill an enemy dog, may destiny help you if the silly thing barks, because the whole camp instantly knows, A. ""What, Lassie, there's someone  behind that shed?"" ""B. Really, Lassie, he's an enemy, and we need to run and trigger the alarm and call reinforcements?"" ""C. What did you say, Lassie, that every single soldier in the entire fortress must hone in on that location, including the guy with the mortar?"" Yeah, silly and crazy. Clearly, these are not like the dogs I've lived with, barking at every single thing in the universe.If I had to give it stars, FC4 would be at least 4.5 out of 5. It I had to rate it on 1-100, it'd be a 95 the way PC Gamer does it. FC4 is simply huge, brilliant, immersive, and a blast. Catch it when it goes on sale again, or buy it NOW. It is one of the new masterpieces. Enjoy!"
,Recommended,298110,15935819,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Magnumagnus,love it. exellent game
,Recommended,298110,15935927,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,ShiaSurprise!,Probably one of my favorite games yet. Pagan is a badass.would highly recommend.9.8/10
76561197969779351,Recommended,298110,15936740,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,The Norseman,"Another great Far Cry game! Huge open world as usual and lots of animals/enemies to ""interact"" with lol. I am kind of disappointed with the ""Uplay"" being a must and how it takes away from the achievements you earn on steam and instead its on ""Uplay"" ...never understood why unbroken things need to be broken and not put back together properly again lol...ANYWAYS...still a good and fun game..havent tried online/coop yet tho."
,Recommended,298110,15937906,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Jaiph,"Not as good as Far Cry 3, storyline is weak and ends with a real whimper. You get some semblance of choice in the story arc but honestly choosing to support ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ #1 or ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ #2 isn't much of a choice. I found Pagan Min a decent bad guy who is never utilised. His best bits are in the intro and then very little. Some of the side missions, especially Shangri-La and the Himalaya quests, are more interesting and diverse than the main plot.The open world is very similar in structure, if not setting, to Far Cry 3 with the same flaws. A ton of minor locations to find which all use a fairly limited pallet of objects and structures. Between exploration and random (too frequent) encounters there is certainly no shortage of activity, it's just not very deep. Even if the man-made locations are underwhelming the scenery is certainly pretty and all but the tallest peaks are reachable.Just like Far Cry 3 it nails gameplay elements like combat and various interesting vehicles and methods of traversing the world. The mini-copter is too much fun and let's not forget the elephants....Anyway, recommended even if it doesn't really evolve the series in many ways and takes a step back in story quality."
,Not Recommended,298110,15942743,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Cuddlychina,"Well i have only played it briefly but so far all this is, is a reskin of Farcry 3.  So dissapointing not really worth the exorbedant price tag."
76561198083454921,Recommended,298110,15861330,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,HC_Fischer,BUY IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198018405880,Recommended,298110,15925431,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Gypc,Soooo Awesome    what a great game   should be more of these games on the market  just fun to play
,Recommended,298110,16090939,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,The Only Man Who Ever Saves,This game is really hard to decide if I should recommend it.In the end I will because it is a good game. It is an open world and has many different camps and fortresses to conquer stealthily or not.It is too similar to Far Cry 3 though. I wish they would have changed it up some. It feels just like Far Cry 3 in a different setting with a few minor new features.I would hope the next title would be more revolutionary for the series.
76561197969458289,Recommended,298110,13021710,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Charok,"It is more of Far Cry 3.  A lot of good design, and several annoyingly bad decisions.  In particular the saved checkpoints system is terrible for an open world game.  If you stray too far from the next objective it reloads your save.  You could have been wandering a decent size area for a long time, but then went too far away from the next objective and lost everything you did."
,Recommended,298110,13021791,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Breb75,I was helping some fellow golden path members when an eagle came down and ripped his throat out. then I threw a molotov at a rhino and it still gored me.Game of the year 10/10
,Recommended,298110,13011722,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Flabby Dino,its a great succsesser to far cry 3 but dont buy if you have anything bellow a 700s series gpu......
76561198085665989,Recommended,298110,12997501,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Pollypeptide,"I have not played this game yet because I am getting the black/grey screen crash.  I have found why though!  It's my wireless mouse.  I've unplugged the wireless adapter and went back to a wired mouse, and the game is now loading.  if you are having a black screen crash and have a wireless mouse, switch back to wired to play the game.  Hopefully the dev's catch wind of this simple fix and patch it up.  Happy Gaming!  I'll let you know what I think when I take a break!"
76561198037747205,Recommended,298110,13072374,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,MoonMoon,"Elephants only attack the royal army and not you, because they love you 10/9 would ride again"
76561198022697545,Recommended,298110,13073271,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Dieter Von Cunth,One of the best FPS games with an RPG mechanic.
76561198042326094,Recommended,298110,13074431,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Dirty Dan,I shot up an outpost from a helicopter before blowing up a truck from atop an elephant. The end.
,Recommended,298110,13074691,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,-V-,"Great game! Oddly enough I wanted ""to shoot a lion in the face, fight Muhammad Ali, and ride in a convertible with two happy zebras."" No but seriously the story was odd but eventually the more you thought on things the more you realize what a dumb♥♥♥♥♥♥the main character is for doing all hes done. Gameplay over all was great, never ran to any glitches aside from a positive one on singleplayer that has left one of my guns never running out of ammo (Pretty sweet to be honest). Multiplayer is glitchy as a co-op joiner but isn't hard to fix (via dying). I can agree with those that claim its like an extension to FC3 or a FC3 ""dlc"", however those with issues its really based on your machine and not to blame the game itself. This is the 3rd game I have bought day 1 where I saw negative reviews about the game not being playable or multiple crashes and frankly I never had any of the issues stated. I infact grew annoyed (childish I know) to the point I checked the profiles of the said negative reviewers and the majority had no game close to the recommended requirements FC4 asked so imagine that. Best suggestion check out some vids online, check your specs out, then decide for yourself. This is a very great game and I trust you'll enjoy it."
,Recommended,298110,13074866,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,ModernGrinch,"It fixes many of Far Cry 3's faults while keeping all the stuff that made me play it through at least 5 times. Kyrat is much more varied and interesting to look at than Rook Island and for once, I don't actually feel like shooting the natives in the face just to get them to shut up.And if you aren't already, it will teach you to be Fierce."
,Recommended,298110,13075508,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,MEGAPARSEC,Fun game. I didn't play FC3 so its totally new and pretty damn awesome.
76561197968571832,Recommended,298110,13019364,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Buzzkill,"Summary: Great open-world exploration game, 8.5/10Pros: Beautiful graphics, huge game world, exotic wildlifeCons: Not enough interactivity with the environmentI personally love open-world games, and I have to put FC4 right up there among my all-time favorites in the genre.  The incredible attention to detail never ceases to impress me, especially considering the game world's immense size.  It's the unexpected, gratuitous little details that get me, like when a crocodile suddenly lunges to grab a deer walking along the riverbank and drags it under.  They didn't have to put that behavior in there: it has no effect on gameplay, and it's rare enough that you might play for weeks and never see it happen.  But IMO that's the kind of detail that makes games like this worth the big bucks you pay for them.Combat, story, mission variety, and player progression are pretty standard for games of this type, but there is one feature that really sets FC4 apart: its wildlife.  There aren't any dragons or orcs or demons in this game, yet it still has a more varied and interesting fauna than any game I've ever played.  Despite their lack of magical abilities, every animal has a unique behavior -- they're not simply ""predators"" or ""prey"".  The flighty, deer-like sambar travel in groups of 3 or 4 and avoid everything else that moves; a pack of wolves will approach a tiger but run away when challenged; an elephant will wade into a river and spray water on its back.  And so on.  More so than any other game I've seen, the animals breathe real life into the game world.The main complaint I have is that, for all its teeming variety, there isn't much interaction you can perform with the game world.  There are hundreds of chests scattered all over, but they only ever contain money, ammo, or generic items that can be sold for money.  There are grappling points on cliffs that can be used to scale them.  And there are a few destructable items like barrels here and there, but there's rarely ever any point (or satisfaction) in destroying them.  And that's about it!  There aren't any switches or levers to open gates or move crane arms or whatnot, or for that matter any items that you can manipulate in any way.  Although every location is unique and exquisitely detailed, the game world is more or less static.  It was actually with a sense of relief that I finally confronted the evil tyrant and beat the game, because it was beginning to border on tedious, even for an obsessive completionist like myself."
,Recommended,298110,13213977,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Lumpy ThickBack,THIS GAME IS ♥♥♥♥ING EPIC BUY IT NOW.
,Recommended,298110,13215795,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Rangerlump,Color me ImmersedI am going to post an honest review. I was very upset to find my “pre-order” bonus weapons not in my game at all. I could not run the game with a USB joystick plugged in because it would just hang at black screen. I had plenty of reasons to be a hater.BUT…..I have to say that this game is the most fun I have had in a long time. This game has so much to do that sometimes I find difficulty in deciding what I want to do next.  It feels like Skyrim with modern weapons. Sure not much has changed from Far Cry 3 but really is that a bad thing?Some of the new things I enjoy are the Buzzer (small helicopter). It is a blast flying around the world exploring or shooting a sidearm grenade launcher from the skies. The open world coop does have some limitations in regards to progression etc but if you just want to take down some outposts with a friend it is amazing. No longer is coop limited to separate missions in separate maps like Far Cry 3 was. You get to play in the same world.In this game you just feel like an all around Bada$$. I have finished the story and after a few quests I will reset my outposts for more fun =)))).
,Recommended,298110,13200144,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,ForceFocus,good game 4/5! :D
76561198034301051,Recommended,298110,13200635,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,QUIZNAK,"First of all, THIS GAME IS BEAUTIFUL and if you have the right system specs you can make this game look so real that when I was playing this my friend came in and asked what I was watching. Second this game is really fun and is one of the best open world games that I have ever played and Ubisoft did a very good job with this. The only bad thing I have to say is that I want to liberate an area but still have enemies in there.:)"
,Recommended,298110,13186524,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Edge,It is fantastic the best so far a big upstep from fc3 the graphics are beuteful 10/10 definitly buy this game its worth what you pay
,Recommended,298110,13204324,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,tee <-<,Sykt !
76561197976150029,Recommended,298110,13000115,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,meades,"If you can run this game, as there are still some that cannot, it is a more refined Far Cry 3, and as such, is quite rewarding. Variety is the word I'd use to describe the gameplay, missions, and terrain. Most notable are new signature weapons, more challenging outposts with greater baddies, and highly aggressive wildlife. Much has been said about the ""bad guy"" Pagan Min, but the real star in this game is the overall feel that you are facing a regime. This coupled with the sheer volume of gameplay is a worthy experience and a step in the right direction for the franchise.Rating: 9/10"
,Recommended,298110,13207184,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Levi Trade.tf,This game is awesome and it is playable(ForNow) only ran into 1 bug
,Recommended,298110,13207215,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,✘Boruto✘,AMAZING GAME 10/10 100/100 Good Game -IGN
76561198130424611,Recommended,298110,13529786,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,I <3 L.S.D,i bought the game the moment it released. GREAT GAME alltogether but the single player campaigns were kinda short maybe theyll come thru w some dlc content. anywho itsone of my fav games lots of upgrading weapons n gear AMAZING
76561198044136156,Recommended,298110,13532664,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Cosgrove,"Fantastic. Was♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by an eagle,rhino, and was able to roce the boar off of me prior to being penetrated."
,Recommended,298110,13794288,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Yobby,"This game really deserves much better reviews than its been getting. I'm 99% sure that most of the negative reviews were given just because it was Ubisoft-developed.PROS:>Nice graphics>REALLY HIGH RESOLUTION textures>Best bad guy the series has seen so far>Improves on every aspect of Far Cry 3>Quads are no longer terrifyingly unstable>You get the wingsuit early on>There's co-op (though I haven't tried it yet)>Decent PC port>Many more mission types>Non-repetitive gameplay>Multiple (5, I think) endings>Improved map editor>Easy to install, and play custom maps>Fantastic voice acting>There's a few more that I can't think of at the momentNEUTRAL:>Much more difficult than Far Cry 3CONS:>Not exceedingly well optimized (runs worse than Crysis 3 on my PC, but definitely shouldn't given the graphics)>Though the villan is a good one, we don't see much of him>There's a handful of bugs here, and there; none are game-breaking, but can be annoying, and mess with the cutscenes (for example, in the first Sabal mission in the north I accidentally killed the Pagan imposter in a way that cancelled the following cutscene, leaving me confused)>Intro missions, and cutscenes took me oer 20 minutes to get through>Video settings can be misleading (ex, it allows you to enable Nvidia features on AMD cards, but simply won't impliment them... If we can't use the features, don't allow us to turn them on)FINAL:In the end, I greatly prefer this game to the previous one in the series. However, FC3 was a very polished experience in comparison. We should really stop judging games by what came before them in a franchise. I give it an 8.8/10."
76561197997493284,Recommended,298110,13795419,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Fujibayashi Kyou,I ♥♥♥♥ing hate eagles
,Recommended,298110,13795913,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Eldrake,"Waited for 15 minutes in the first room like the questgiver told me to, then completed one quest. Credits.Easiest game ever."
76561198121666915,Recommended,298110,13796030,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,monster4513,Great game graphics are very good but i do think u should make a lower setting for lower end pc's
76561198029565192,Recommended,298110,13750065,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,EVIL BOOMER,Searched an enemy and found vintage porn.10/10 would search again -evil boomer
76561198097526316,Recommended,298110,13750449,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,DeadWithoutWifi,"when i finished the campaighn and most of the activities i found that i was bored, but that was quickly fixed by the discovery of the map editer. more specificly they way you can play other peoples maps. the explosive farm map is awsome!i love this game and would recomend it highly to people that love open world and story"
,Recommended,298110,13750967,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,the gentleman,why buy this game because it is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome that's why
76561197970529890,Recommended,298110,13751171,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Alhazred,"Just another 50 hours of the same experience I got in 2 and 3, which is 100% fine by me because I absolutely can't get enough of that experience."
,Not Recommended,298110,13753176,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,davetomchuk,This game looks so cool but i cant play it because the game will not load on start up like WTF fix this ♥♥♥♥
76561197986602528,Recommended,298110,13786351,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Pirate Steve,"This is what FarCry 3 should have been.  Great gameplay, difficult at times, coop play, always a random mission to be doing (skirmishes, hijacking deliveries, saving hostages, etc).Main drawback:  SUPER weak story line.  protagonist has zero backbone.  Shows up in kyrat, is told to kill people and so he does.  No implications of why he should be doing it, no real motivation of why the Bad guy is a Bad guy except for he's rough around the edges.  Just does it to do it.  At least the main character of Farcry 3 had to be there because he had no way off the island and they were out to murder him.....Either way, get it for gameplay, don't expect an extraordinary story."
,Recommended,298110,13788917,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,♠♥ÐŲŃŃ♥♠,"After reading most of the negative reviews i nearly didn't buy this game. Everyone saying it doesn't work, it lags and glitches. Well to all you people, i hate to say this, but upgrade your ♥♥♥♥ing pc. This game not only looks amazing but its runs just as ,if not smoother than BF4 on ultra everything. Not found one glitch yet but theres still time, so if your thinking of buying this game and your not using an amiga its defo worth a buy. As for the game itself,Positives1. Beautiful game, scenery and environment are just amazing2. Gun play, really enjoy the gun feel and mechanics3. Lots to do which is good because the story line sucks♥♥♥♥♥♥Negatives1.The Story and cutscenes are pure♥♥♥♥♥♥ the dialog is like someone is trying on purpose to make it as♥♥♥♥♥♥as humanly possible2.The game is just like an addon for farcry 3 (not to bad if you loved 3 but for this price?)3.Uplay4.Price (for farcry 3.5)overall good fun and good looking but not marrage material tho 7.5/10"
76561197967201606,Recommended,298110,13791015,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Sorbo,great game! fun to play with a nice open world. theres almost too much to do. if youve played the hell out of farcry 3 you might find somethings a bit repetitve
,Recommended,298110,13765134,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Exclus,best game in a long time :D
76561198202224664,Recommended,298110,13765360,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,chris_hull16,i love this game
76561198030025414,Recommended,298110,13766658,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Hail Hydra,Eagles come like Zubats in a cave.No max repels here.10/10
,Recommended,298110,13768710,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,iyenrithe,"If you are a fan of the Far Cry series you likely know what to expect. Far Cry 4 is very similar to its predeccesor with minor improvements. Overall it feels smoother and more polished, with small improvements to the UI and handling that make it a better experience. The graphics and environments are improved, set in the Himalayas instead of a tropical islandIt still features an interesting (and crazy) main protagonist, but this time they do not kill him half way through. You still liberate outposts, climb towers and do open world quests. There are still random animals, quests and the same styles of vehiclesThe game has only a few downfalls. It doesn't have much to differentiate it from Far Cry 3, This could be seen as a benefit though to people who enjoy the series. While the rest of the story was solid, the main character isn't nearly as interesting as in FC3, who underwent a character transformation from preppy spoiled kid to drug-fueled rambo. The gating is also a little jarrring. At some point you open up the second half of the world, but all that is seperating you from it is a big invisible wall and a bridge. If you try to cross it by your own means without doing the mission you get told you can't go any further. When you have had freedom to do what you want so far, its a little dissapointingAll in all it is a solid game, decent storyline and superb open-world shooting and vehicle handling. If you like the series already and are prepared to play a similar game, you will not be dissapointed"
,Recommended,298110,13768711,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,The_Fractured,game is incredably interactive also i have played four days straight and i still havent gotten close to 30 percent
76561198011136489,Recommended,298110,13768760,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,White{Fox},"Dont expect Far Cry 4, expect Far Cry 3.5.Same game but just better.Story is nothing to get excited about.Gameplay & side quests are what make the game fun."
76561198142505042,Recommended,298110,13770800,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Babes the sacrificial guinea pig,great graphics great gameplay great everything tons of replay value
,Recommended,298110,13771085,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,The Chill™,A freeroaming game where no ♥♥♥♥s were given10/10-IGN
,Recommended,298110,13533598,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,EndMan7,"FC4 feels like a well polished version of FC3, the mechanics and graphics look amazing, the landscape is more open and terrain a little more diverse with more vertical challenges.  I still think there is a lot of repetition in a lot of the villages and missions, overall a great game.  I give an 8/10."
,Not Recommended,298110,13534191,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Obi-Juan Kenobi,The story line makes no sense next to FarCry3 which actually had a survival element to it. The missions are easily relatable to knock offs of the 3rd game. Character development has no depth and the main missions advance simply far too quickly to connect to any of the main characters.
76561198022230345,Recommended,298110,13534523,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,PhantomWolf,"Since Far Cry's origins, it has always been a game that had promise, but just missed it's mark as a truly great game.  FarCry 3 was the first time the series really hit a home run in my opinion.  FarCry 4 is close to the same game.  A new world with some small changes to gameplay and more challenging AI.  I have heard some complaints that it hasn't reinvented itself enough since FC 3, but I am of the opinion that if something is great, why change it?  I would recommend this to anyone who likes to blow stuff up."
,Recommended,298110,13537331,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,GNinja2006,"amazing game, very fun open world shooter with a great story. buggy tho. needs patches that will probably never come"
,Not Recommended,298110,13537451,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Weenusman,"This game is a literal piece of ♥♥♥♥ and is the last ubisoft product i'll ever buyMy pc is definately above average and can run any next gen game at max settings but for some reason far cry 4 just doesn't work, the game crashes right upon start up and if you are lucky enough to make it into the actual game the sound cuts out.Ubisofts ♥♥♥♥♥♥ support did ♥♥♥♥ all to help me and won't even refund me, i paid $70 for a product I cannot even use.♥♥♥♥ ubisoft seriously."
,Recommended,298110,13538643,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,jake paul whiteknight (300 iq),9/10only bad part is that there is no co-op missions
76561198105919947,Recommended,298110,13529156,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,komots,Best game of 2014
,Recommended,298110,13022896,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Underwhelmed,"Ride elephants, hunt endangered rhinos to craft a wallet, or throw meat at dudes and watch jungle cats leap onto their faces from out of nowhere. Also eagles are jerks and can apparently carry off fully grown tapirs. 5/5"
76561197980832823,Recommended,298110,13022981,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Hoolie Doolie,"Really enjoying the game, people complain about the smallest graphical issues these days look at the SIZE of the game and how hard they are workgin to fix it.loving every seconds right now... and probably for 30 or more hours to come."
76561197993384676,Recommended,298110,13023105,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Epileptic Caesar,Troy Baker is the main villain.
,Recommended,298110,13023330,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Sub-Par Meme,AJAY GHALE
,Recommended,298110,13099427,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Doctor Benway,"""Any"" key simulator.This game has a thrilling score and some sort of elephant/tiger clash.  I haven't beaten it because where the♥♥♥♥♥♥is the ""any"" key?"
,Recommended,298110,13099591,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Sm0ulder,Threw a moltove in the windshild of a truck as I flew over.10/10 would drink and fly.
76561198066788898,Recommended,298110,13100858,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Not Given,"Having had time to play through the entire story line and a good amount of the side quests, I would like to say this game is amazing its everything far cry 3 was and more. And just in case this is a deal breaker for you, the AMR is availble upon completeing 23/24 outposts.The storyline is faily mundane until the last half, basically go here do that, similar to far cry 3, until you get the the latter half and things pick up a bit, going after Pagan Min's commanders and such. One thing that this game adds that i liked is that you actually feel like your actions are effecting things, in far cry 3 no matter what you did the only thing that changed were the outposts and the story characters. In Far Cry 4 however, you have choices for your story, you can choose to side with one of the two Leaders of the resistance. Also in addition to the outposts like far cry 3 in this game the civilians will talk about things youve done, after completeing side missions(which are much better then in far cry 3) you will some times get radio calls from one of the Leaders, or Min. One of my favorite things that changes is the Radio, in this game when you get in a car instead of having just music playing there is a radio announcer that will talk about your recent events and accomplishments (useing elephants, radio towers, outposts, story progression). As far as actual changes to the world go, one choice you make in the story (spoiler alert)     decides if you will or will now blow up a temple, which i thought was pretty cool because its permanantly blown up, or not if you chose to keep it. these things add to the imersion of the game.This game is not nearly as glitchy as Assassins Creed Unity, not even close, this game might as well as not been produced by ubisoft in comparison to Unity.The Graphics are very appealing, if you watched the Nvidia trailer you can see alot of the graphics technologies that go to work in makeing the game look amazing. If you dont quite meet the requirements for ultra, high still looks good. And as far as radeon goes i have no first hand experience but im sure google does. (side note) if your useing an Nvidia card I highly reccomend you download the GeForce experice which will give you access to the ""Game Ready"" driver for far cry 4, which greatly increases performance and stability.as far as actual gameplay and combat goes, they have made the death from above/below more useful with the added verticality, and the new vehicle takedown is useful for car chases or hijacking trucks. They tried to make the environment more useful by alowing you to kick explosive battels toward a target, in the mountains by letting you shoot ice, and bait, however the environment is just about as useful as it used to be. this is because your only in the high mountains where the ice is a small portion of the time, which saddened me because it was cool. Also kicking explosive barrels isnt as effective as the new grenade launchers and such which allow you to place an explosion anywhere with no planning. and as far as the bait goes, it is implemented well, when you throw bait it attracts a local predator (bears, leopards, tigers, ect) to the location of the bait, upon getting there the enemys will be scared, shoot the predator, provoke it, and it will attack them. this may seem overpowered, but animal kills are unplannable and unpredictable, the enemy could kill the animal with fire or an LMG and then start searching for who thriew the bait, or the animal could power thriew them and start looking for you, or in a worse case scenario, the new hunter class enemy could charm the animals(causing them to fight for the enemy) and then you have to deal with that while reflecting the enemy gunfire. Another cool feature added to the gameplay is the addition of Throwing knifes, these are silent throwable weapons that normally 1KO enemies, except for armored or heavy enemies, however the travel time and target leading required at range ballances this. Another gameplay feature is upgrading your C4, grenades, and land mines to be sticky, this does exactly what it sounds like it does and makes it so that whatever you throw sticks to the target your throwing it at, this is toggleable and selectivly useful(yay stickygrenades).Moveing on to weapons, you can now fire sidearms while on ziplines, in vehicles, on hangliders, etc. a sidearm is classified as anything that can be used with one hand, like pistols, however there is a sidearm grenade laucher, shotgun, and crossbow. Also there are signature weapons you can use on vehicles and such, which is nice. you can use weapons while parachuteing as well, not sure what the limit is on size here but I know it works with assult rifles. Normal weapons include your shotguns, ARs, LMGs, Snipers, and Explosives, the options have improved since the last game offering a total of 64 weapons.The world is larger now including 24 outposts, 4 fortressed, and alot of stuff inbetween, it is still divided into 2 sections, in this case north and south similar to far cry 3's islands, only in the mountains.I would give this game a 8 or 9 out of ten, and recommend getting it, if your skeptical then just wait until it goes on sale for around $30, then you cant be dissapointed."
76561197997894504,Recommended,298110,13055622,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Lel.,10/10 killing rhinos with grenade launchers  #♥♥♥♥PETA
76561198046342735,Recommended,298110,13056024,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,acuLbs,Best Animal Hunting Simulator 201410/10
76561198072699293,Recommended,298110,13056975,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,The Alexander,"Cool game, very similar to Far Cry 3, but does have some major improvements. Worth a buy!"
,Recommended,298110,13057096,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,xEurkz,"I like the game. its very similar to Far Cry 3 with the belltowers and side missions. I like how they made the antaganist a psychopath again like they did in Far Cry 3. I have not experiensed any glitches, bugs, launch errorers, or crashes. i dont know if thats because i have a high end custom built PC, but everything ruyns smooth fo me. its actually less buggy than Far Cry 3 was. i would experiense rediculous FPS drops in FC3 ( 120+FPS to 30 FPS), and V-Sync was very buggy too. Havent seen any of these problems in FC4 yet.i recomend the game its entertaining, runs great, and the graphics are amazing"
,Recommended,298110,13057238,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Stanislav Chistov,"Runs great, story seems good, and graphics are beautiful. Very fun time."
76561197989400891,Recommended,298110,13057728,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Olle,"If you like Far Cry 3, you will like Far Cry 4. I think the price is a bit high. When I bought Far Cry 3 it was for 50€. Now they want 60€ and really, Far Cry 4 isnt much different than 3. It got some improvements and better graphics. But both are good egoshooters.But be aware, Far Cry 4 needs a powerfull pc for playing in high settings, AA and full hd. You can play it too with older pc´s, but then you need to change to lower quality settings, or you wont be able to enjoy the game."
,Recommended,298110,13057918,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Sordie,"Worth my 60$. So much more to do and see than in FC3, though the story is still good but not as good as 3's. I havent had a chance to play co-op yet so I don't know if it's buggy. Multiplayer, I havent gotten a chance yet either. Some issues i've had with the performance of the game would be stuttering or freezing for ten seconds after loading a game or respawning, which is a pain. I also sometimes get lag when using the gyrocopter at a high altitude and speed, not because it's buggy, but because it's constantly loading the world. This game is still fully playable but those small annoyances may be tedious.  But for now I still think this is a great game and worth your money. (7.5/10)"
,Recommended,298110,13058360,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Pabuchok,Definitely worth buying!
,Recommended,298110,13059416,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Kaeda,"Its basically Far Cry 3 reskinned-  Many parts of it are practically flawless copies of far cry 3 elements.  But, its new, in a different setting, with some new fun things, not as buggy as other recent ubisoft releases, and looks wonderful.  Theres also a lot more side activities you can use to distract yourself from the main story with, and they are pretty great imo.  If you liked Far Cry 3, you will like this at least as much.  Overall, an awesome game."
,Recommended,298110,13060333,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Boehm,"I'm not dissapointed at all with this game.This Team of Ubisofts did a great job!Play ultra graphics, runs smooth, unless theres a lot going on.High graphics, run just fine no matter what... unless i'm recording the game as I play...So I'll cusomize it a bit, and still, it looks good while recording.The story is Great so far, the Gameplay is actually a lot better than Far Cry 3.The added features, just makes it better.and the Map... OMG! it's awesome.If you liked Far Cry 3, you will like this game for sure"
,Recommended,298110,13060387,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Roang,"Very similar to Far Cry 3, which is a good thing in my opinion. They improved on the formula they had, I already lost trak of time on a weekend play session once and I think it will happen again.Can't say much on the story yet since I left that alone for a while.. But I quite liked it, it seems to be a bit more intriguing than the random tourist stuff from Far Cry 3."
,Recommended,298110,13060434,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Lswag I,I threw meat at some lady and she got killed by a tiger. 11/10
,Recommended,298110,13061100,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,The Late Shift,"Game is great can not get enough of it.5.1, 7.1 surround didnt work for me and led to alot of problems with sound much like watch dogs. Some people have tried reinstalling 2010 Dx run time to solve it.  Here is a linkhttp://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=8109At 4k this game looks amazing and using Nvidia MFAA options from the Nvidia control panel I get great fram rate improvement at lower resolutions.This game suffers from stuttering and texture pop in, I have heard it is from the mip maps, I only experience it when moving fast from one area to the next (I.E. wingsuit of a mountain)Gameplay loop is very similar to Far Cry 3 but with more side missions and random events to keep you constantly near some sort of action. The weapons are solid although not varied and I found myself stealthing much more than I did in 3 at higher difficulties.The wildlife in this game is aggressive and seemingly teleport near you at all times. You can be sneaking into a base to mark targets when suddenly a tiger, rhino,  and honey badger attack you, so you run only to be attacked by an eagle.  This happens without fail way to often often. This caused me to make a plan B for every plan A I have and in the end I enjoyed that.The main antagonist Pagan Min is absent far to much for my liking (Troy Baker's performance is extremly likable in an insane dictator kind of way) He frequently calls post campaign missions to brief you on how crazy he is and such but little face to face time early on.Much of Co-op is locked behind campaign missions so playing with a friend through the entire game is not possible, but it is some of the most fun I have ever had at high difficulty levels. Stealthy hunter infiltrates while overwatch spots and terminates. Its so satisfying it hurts. Sniping a guy and having your partner hide the body is a tactic I can use and a fun one.The over all story line is passable if not plausible and many characters have a duality to thier decisions that can make you go either way with your choices in game. The intro is bad it makes a huge leap int othe action of you being a hero that is just jarring. Once you accept it though the game rolls forward at a nice pace and is wholly entertaining for the duratin of the ride. I recomend you try it for your self.I give it 4 out of 5 eagles eating my eyes. (3 of 5 beforeI fixed the technical issues that AAA titles just shouldn't have)Windows 8.13770k @ 4.5 (air cooled)Gtx 980 SC (stock) in SLI16GB DDR3 @ 2400mhzInstalled game on SSDRan at Nvidia settings with custom AA (mfaa)"
76561198118973691,Recommended,298110,13061333,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,The_Anderson_0,"I have never wrote a review before but I felt liked I needed to for far cry 4 as it is an amazing game and deserves way more positive reviews..For everybody reading this and deciding wether or not to buy the game... DO IT! It's fantastic. there are outposts to liberate (10x more fun if you do them stealthy than try to go guns a blazing) , bell towers to hijack to unlock new land, the large story quest with plenty of side missions, animals to hunt for their skins to craft upgrades such as higher weapon capacity, high ammo capacity, higher bag and cash capacity and more. there are plenty of vehicles to ride, even elephants to ride. i highly recommend this game to everyone"
76561198029220795,Recommended,298110,13061655,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Byesanta4,Byesanta4: i beat far cry 4The Urinator: wow already!!Byesanta4: the campaign yesThe Urinator: must have short missionByesanta4: 3 quarters of the outpost 2/4 fortresses and all towers have been takenThe Urinator: well there are side missions and the dlc stuff isn't out yetByesanta4: lolByesanta4: i havent done all the side missions and stuffThe Urinator: well you got straight to the meat and that's all ya need ; job wel done :)Byesanta4: lolThe Urinator: lol rub it in angry libertarians nose :)The Urinator: lol♥♥♥♥♥♥i am just at 30 minutes left to DL this thing and you done beat itByesanta4: bahahahahahahahaByesanta4: thats to funny
76561198128761425,Recommended,298110,13061813,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,5kitz,"This game is amazing and the same for the rest of the far cry games but for pc . Uplay kinda ruined it because the fps is terrible even if you were to have a extremely good computer . but for just about all games that were produced from Uplay to pc have terrible frame rate and they need to fix that Uplay ruins most games for pc that are awesome on console. for Pc, they should just leave it to steam. aswell as for them producing the game and game play they show INDIVIA graphics with absolutely no frame drop but when us buyers of the game we only have HIGH graphics quality its very laggy it pisses me off because they are basically saying ""look what we have that you cant have"" (great frame rate while still haveing the best graphics as possible for Far Cry 3 Uplay ♥♥♥♥ off"
,Recommended,298110,13061899,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Entity 351,"If you liked FC3, then you will probably like FC4. Ubi really upped their game to bring life to the world as there are always things happening around you which can get flat out  ridiculous at times. The sound design is a spectacular step up from FC2 and 3 and it's quite refreshing. There are tons of things to do and explore in Kyrat (sp?) and I already have 13 hours in and have not even gotten past the first 'boss'. Coop is fun but a little jittery, lots of opportunities to have fun and set awesome traps. The game offers much in the way of exploration and has some really awesome side missions to keep you going if you don't want to get through the main campaign too quickly.On the down side, it feels like Ubisoft is really trying to streamline FarCry in a negative way geared more towards casual gamers. In FC2 and FC3 you would frequently stumble upon some really cool emergent event that would unfold and escalate and generally feel like it was YOU, the player that discovered it and made it happen. In FC4 things don't really happen because you did something. They happen because you are there. After a couple hours into the game, you begin to realize that the soldier you saw pushing a captive through the woods didn't actually ""come"" from anywhere but had spawned within a 100-150m radius of you.While understandable from a technical perspective, this type of ""random event"" becomes very predictable and sort of ruins the immersion. I have literally been in scenarios where six+ karma missions happen consecutively, or simultaneous to eachother. Of couse animals and civillians are also running through the mix screaming and roaring as well.After a while I sort of feel like the game is trying to shake me out of the narrative slapping me, and saying ""HEY YOU'RE DOING REAL WELL THERE BUD LETS SCALE UP THE DIFFICULTY OF THE GAME AT THIS ONE PARTICULAR POINT IN THE WORLD AND SEE WHERE IT GOES FROM THERE!!""I hope Ubisoft tones the director down a bit because at the moment it clashes very harshly with the story and characters they created."
76561198024339969,Recommended,298110,13207226,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,sirgrey1,"Far Cry 4 is a fun game but very controled.  You are not real able to just travel unless the object fits with a mission they want you to do. I have also run into game problems. one quest which was hard called ""HUNT AND BE HUNTED"".  I finished the quest only to return and have the game decide I needed to do it again. I do not like glitches like this. Also I would like to be able to skip some of the dialog."
76561198025119655,Recommended,298110,13207465,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Mardine Wolf,"I am in love with this game. Although Ubisoft has put a stupid DRM on its lovley game, its still a lovley game. Also the AI is, well typical AI, but you can just sit there watching the AI shooting at nothing or walking into the water to get killed by a animal. The graphics are fantastic, it really feels like I am in Kyrat. So put asid the DRM, and some hickups on some older graphics cards I can say Far Cry 4 is a fantastic game."
76561198080330838,Recommended,298110,13207560,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,PyramidGamer,"Let me just start of by saying that Far Cry 4 is a great experience, that if you loved Far Cry 3, then this is a must play for you. Unlike many players im very new to the Far Cry series as i only beat Far Cry 3 a couple of days before Far Cry 4 came out, but this game is amazing. This game is very much like Far Cry 3, but thats not a bad thing, its a great thing actually. The combat is stellar, the hunting has been improved significantly, the user interface is friendlier, and the map is huge with many things to do and places to explore. Kyrat provides some fresh changes, with the many mountains and ridges to climb and summit, the map is really great in that way, if you see something, you can probably go there. The only walls are when you are trying to go over mountain tops in the solo copter thing, which i find a bit annoying how they force you to go around.Now, Pagan Min... is a great villan. I know i wasn't the only one that was unsure how he would match up to Vaas and his definitin of insanity deal (seriously that is still stuck in my head, probably my favirote villan ever), but Pagan Min does a great job of captivating your interests, but also showing a dark side in his actions/dialogue. He was clearly not just put together, but rather worked on extensivley to give the game a new cover villan.One thing i would like to speak about that i really like in the game is the grey areas, no not actual physical areas, but the choices you make in the game. When you fight for the rebelion you make several choices, each having their own cons and benifits. It would actually make me stop playing for a minute so i could really think it over, as there was no clear cut ""right choice"" in my mind as they both had major flaws and benifits. It forces you to value what you want for Kyrat, knowing that other things such as long-standing tradition or future economic prosperity might be sacrificed. It leaves you with this feeling of "" did i make the right call there?"" which is a great immersive tool to use, and i hope its used like this in gaming future.Now, Ajay Ghale... this is where i have some complaints. Before i start, the environment, all the characters, are perfect, so much so that Ajay stands out as well... kind of bland to be honest. I mean, i feel his imporatance in Kyrat, it is clear that people know of him and his family, which is a really cool change in the series, than being some unknown gunman who makes a name for yourself, your name is already set, just how are you going to live it? This is a great premise, but i found myself being underwhelmed a few times by Ajay. I mean whenever i hear his voice, he just seems like hes always bored or uninterested in whats going on, which is really a confusing contrast from his strong willingness to help the rebellion. This is a flaw i feel should have been adressed as Ajay is the main character, and how we experience the story. His actions say he is a very motivated convicted individual fighting for a cause, but his voice makes it seem like he just wants to watch sitcom reruns on his couch. Maybe im just nitpicking here, but it is the one flaw i feel should be adressed in this AMAZING game.Now should you get this game? HELL YES, it has some flaws, but if you loved Farcry 3, youll love this game.Sidenote: How is it that everyone of the main protagonists in Far Cry are just automatic killing machines, i mean the first 2 it makes sense knowing their backgrounds, but Jason in Far Cry 3 was scared half to death when he stabbed someone for the first time, then the next day hes an expert in all weapons. I don't even know how Ajay knows all this either, not part of the review, just thought id rant on a bit."
,Recommended,298110,13208047,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Hannondorf,"What can I say? It's a fantastic game and it is optimized fairly well for PC as long as you don't plan on using SLI. With that said, If you are using SLI, wait to buy this game. I don't mind tinkering to make it work, because I love that sort of thing, but for once I just want to play the game at the full FPS that I expect with my config.I guess if I had to rate this title7.5/10it is extroardinarily beautiful when it works and the gameplay is a lot of fun. Some people said that it looks like Farcry 3, but the Farcry 3 graphics don't even compare to the new Dunia engine. The gameplay is similar, but there are a bunch of new features to mix it up and it does not feal as monotonous as previous Farcry games.If you have a powerful, single GPU I would not pass this game up. If you have an SLI setup, wait a couple months before you pick up this one."
76561198041577252,Recommended,298110,13208580,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Harold Flower,"I bought this game knowing full well what a mess the current Ubisoft situation is. Nonetheless, I had a lot of fun with this title. Fact: It is Far Cry 3 with eagles, more guns and co-op, and this is exactly what made me enjoy it. I knew what I was getting, and what I got exceeded my expectations. The amount of pure fun playing this game, embracing the little glitching and cursing the large ones with a friend is great. the story in this game is not the most exciting, and some of the side mission seem to be repetitive. However, the amount of content they put in this game, with stunning graphics, and generally stable game play (Depending on your desktop configuration) makes this game incredibly good. But then comes the decision, is it worth $70? No. Is it worth 30$-50$? Yes. Pick this game up if it is on sale, and make sure to pick up a copy for a friend, because it is enjoyed most with a good buddy to blow up their truck after jumping out. My verdict rests at, as it stands only the more hardcore Far Cry fans or those who don't mind shelling out top dollar for a triple A game should buy it. Otherwise wait for it to drop in price. 8.5/10-9/10 I feel is suitable."
,Recommended,298110,13188015,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Memes Chartreuse,"more far cry 3, which is good for me"
,Recommended,298110,13188197,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Yummymink,Amazing game
,Recommended,298110,13189368,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Cubchoo,Love the game. Only problem is that if u don't have a great comp it doesn't run so well. BUT ITS A GREAT GAME.
76561197987165310,Recommended,298110,13190147,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Tirseau,"Did you enjoy the playstyle and open world of Far Cry 3? This, more or less, scratches that itch albeit in a new environment with a couple new gameplay mechanics. The formula isn't tweaked to any extreme, which may turn off anyone expecting a completely new Far Cry game. Looks beautiful and the sound design is good."
76561197998699544,Recommended,298110,13190206,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Erik,"I've rounded this game on normal difficulty. If you can see past the bugs - and there are a few - this is a pretty good game. The story is ok, the gameplay is ok and challenging in a few places, there's no game breaking bugs so far and the whole thing is relatively immersive.I don't think I'd pay full price for it though. If you're interested, get Far Cry 3 off a steam sale and check it out. If you really liked it, consider buying this one."
76561197983895956,Recommended,298110,13190215,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Chincho,"The game is completely AWSOME. OMG. Single or coop, its insane, definitely worth buying."
,Recommended,298110,13191926,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Dan,This game blew my Mind away   I love the  detail graphics and  new guns i LOVE this type of game
76561197966112036,Recommended,298110,13175778,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Rocksteady,"Keyboard and mouse controls are essential for any fps. As of right now this game is unplayable.  That fact that this is essentally a far cry3 clone and yet they still managed to mess up the mouse movement is unacceptable. I hope ubisoft fixes the controls, as of right now this is just a bad port.Update,After having to manually removing all the mouse smoothing from the gamerprofile.xml the game became playable and enjoyable. It's a shame you have to go through all the trouble to remove a feature no PC gamer uses."
76561198053328873,Recommended,298110,13192661,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,USAFPowerPro,"This game is awesome. Its beauitful, deep, has a great story line, and there is so much to do in kyrat! its definately not an 8-hour play through. I have playing at the highest graphics setting and its almost sickening how realistic the game is. The fur on the animals is crazy and everyting is so crisp. LOVE THIS GAME!"
76561198142070724,Recommended,298110,13180873,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,ZiiM,Totally awesome game! 9.5/10
,Recommended,298110,13183545,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Mother Panic,yes.
76561197970889246,Recommended,298110,13246741,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Fossel,big improvement on last game
,Recommended,298110,13251315,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Kumawari,Millions of honey badgers.
,Recommended,298110,13242035,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Mastro2k,Awesome! I feel it's like the Skyrim of FPS. The ability to explore and quest at leisure is great. Much better then the previous game. It also reminds me a bit like the latest Tomb Radier game too.
,Recommended,298110,13456209,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Garry Bear,"Far Cry 3.5 - ""Damn nature, you SCARY"" EditionNow with 100% more eagles"
,Recommended,298110,13474985,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Zach,"The short versionFar Cry 4 is an excellent game and absolutely worth the money. I have no major qualms.The longer, unorganized versionIncludes spoilers- - - Things I like - - -It is a good first person shooter. All the mechanics are there, nothing revolutionary, not much else to say. If the core gameplay aspect was shoddy, which it isn't, the game wouldn't be fun, which it is.The game looks great.Conquering outposts and fortresses was one of my favorite parts of the game in Far Cry 3, and it is at least as fun in Far Cry 4.The buzzer is a nifty little gyrocopter / mini helicopter type vehicle held together by duct tape and will power. At first I thought it was overpowered, but as I played the game I found it to be scarce enough so that I couldn't just fly over all the baddies all the time.The skills are useful and clearly affect gameplay. Aside from the karma boost, all of the skills feel appropriate and as though they belong, some more fun to use than others (I'm talking about riding elephants and chaining takedowns).- - - Things that aren't so great, but aren't the end of the world - - -The skill groups aren't skill trees. what do I mean by that? The most advanced skills are only preceeded by three mandatory skills and there is no reason to not invest just as heavily in both the Tiger and Elephant skills. This is the one aspect of the game that I feel is inferior to Far Cry 3. In FC3 you had to spend more perks in a single tree to get to the best ones, and it felt more rewarding due to the larger investment.Guns that you unlock later in the game are, usually, just plain better than the guns you already had. For instance, because I am playing as stealthy as I can, I began the game using the recurve as my primary. However, once I had unlocked the auto crossbow, I had no reason to continue to use the recurve. The auto crossbow fires faster and can still one shot regular enemies; the only downside being that you need to reload occasionally. Not to mention that it is a sidearm, allowing you to free up another weapon slot for, in my case, a grenade launcher. I would have preferred that late game weapons are superior in certain areas, but have drawbacks relative to the early game weapons, giving you more choice.The Buzzsaw.Sigh.Sweet mother of overpowered weapons, this one is ridiculous. Aside from lacking a silencer or being able to attach a suppressor to the stock MG42, this gun has the best attributes in every category. Anywhere where you would expect there to be a downside due to an excellent statistic, there isn't. High damage would usually mean a slower rate of fire, but not with the Buzzsaw. Low recoil should be balanced by low accuracy, but not with the Buzzsaw. A massive 400 round magazine would necessitate a slow reload, but not with the Buzzsaw. You get the idea.Once you have the garden in the Ghale household, you can easily acquire infinite amounts of syringes and money, especially if you have the perk that yields two leaves from every plant you harvest. You reap everything from the garden, craft all syringes you can hold, sell the rest of the leaves, fast travel away, fast travel back. Rinse and repeat.The way things are resolved with Yuma felt rather anticlimactic.- - - Things I love - - -The grappling hook. Being frequently located throughout the world, it allows convenient movement through Kyrat, yet it is not so common that it becomes gimmicky or repetitive. The dev team executed it perfectly.The dialogue, as expected, is witty and morbidly hilarious. My favorite lines by far were when Paul ""De Pleur"" Harmon spoke to Ajay from the trunk of his car. Text would not do it justice; someone has a video of ithere. I laughed for a good three minutes.Speaking of villains, Far Cry 4 delivers some of my favorite antagonists from any game. Paul ""De Pleur"" Harmon, Noore Najjar, Yuma Lau, and of course Pagan Min himself are all characters with multiple layers for you to learn of as you explore Kyrat. I especially like Noore. She was a human rights activist before Pagan captured her family, and then with that leverage he obliged her to do all sorts of horrendous things, including but not limited to human trafficking, operating Pagan's heroine business, and organizing blood sports in the Shanath Arena.So yeah, buy the damn game"
,Recommended,298110,13478660,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Rock Steves,10/10
,Recommended,298110,13424888,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Minimal,"Yeah I dont think I'm ever going to finish this game. The radio host too funny for me to get out of the car.Good game, I just think that ubisoft needs to do away with this ""vision"" ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that farycry 3 and 4 now have. You have to fight some mystical/drug induced evil or some bs. Let me just kill the bad guys and without all this trippy stuff."
76561197970466014,Recommended,298110,13497644,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Trooper,"Good leanthy game with replayabilty. Good graphics and stability. If you are the type of person who likes to do all the side missions and collect all the ""Chests"" then this game could take you quite awhile. I have done all the side missions and near the ending mission of the game and i am pushing 45 hours played. I am near the end of the game but not completed. I would recomment this game is your on the fence about buying it. Worth a $60 price tag if it goes on sale you should definitly pick it up.I throughly enjoy this game."
76561198063393057,Not Recommended,298110,13498098,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Steve Rambo,"i bought this game hoping it would be as great as fc3, but it won't even launch. until they've fixed this issue i would advice you to stay away from this game."
76561198100333102,Not Recommended,298110,13502131,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Shockspace,"My impression so far, is far below negative. Those of you reading this in the few hours of it being posted, may notice i have 0 hours. That is because ive had the game for a good 24 hours now, however, the usbisoft servers are down. I understand this happens, but for 24 hours? seriously? And what kind of bull is it that you HAVE to sign in to ubisoft to play the game for the first time?? Why create an offline mode, if the ubisoft servers are so necessary for gameplay? If this issue is resolved, then i will revise this review. But for now, my anger stands."
76561198100333102,Not Recommended,298110,13502132,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Shockspace,"My impression so far, is far below negative. Those of you reading this in the few hours of it being posted, may notice i have 0 hours. That is because ive had the game for a good 24 hours now, however, the usbisoft servers are down. I understand this happens, but for 24 hours? seriously? And what kind of bull is it that you HAVE to sign in to ubisoft to play the game for the first time?? Why create an offline mode, if the ubisoft servers are so necessary for gameplay? If this issue is resolved, then i will revise this review. But for now, my anger stands."
76561198024225447,Recommended,298110,13502939,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Lenmark,I feel used and violated. 10/10.
,Recommended,298110,13447539,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Setcast,"Played through it all. FInished it yesterday, and i love it. Had some problems with the graphics (the trees and bushes randomly start flashing, and just turning into flat models, but it disappeared if i waited at the same location). Would love to play on the other side though, helping Pagan and defeating the Golden Path .etc, because alot of the time i felt like what the Golden Path was doing was wrong."
,Recommended,298110,13450028,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,BDiccus,"This game is HUGE with lots of non-campaign things to do.  Want to fish with a grenade launcher? You got it?  Want to hunt for exotic game with a shotgun? Check.  With a beefy GPU this game looks amazing with fur, light rays, realistic water and skin textures.  Amazing game."
,Not Recommended,298110,13487056,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,BreadTheef,"Hello. You see how much time I played this game? Well, I wouldn't say played, more like trying to solve how to pass Uplay login, then only to find out the game crashes every single time I launch it.Please do not spend money on this game!Damn you, Ubisoft."
76561198104256476,Recommended,298110,13459215,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Skittles,UPLAY SUCKS
76561197996815931,Recommended,298110,13492126,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,DreXeL,"Great game. Had no problems running this game. Graphics, storyline and gameplay are awesome. If you liked FC3, you'll love FC4."
76561197984500121,Recommended,298110,13493259,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,astarks3,"Better than 3 hands down. Not as offensive (yay, white man savior) and still lots of fun. Stealth takes a little more effort in this go 'round which is all kinds of better. No longer will you be able to take out an outpost by releasing a tiger! Now, you must work for it!"
,Recommended,298110,13825867,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Gorelab,Let me be an elephant riding marxist 10/10.
,Recommended,298110,13825932,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,YusuF *TCTD,"Taking a selife with Pagan Min, best moment in Far Cry history.10/10 - IGN"
76561197970725330,Recommended,298110,13833313,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,jarhead_h,"BIG SPOILER WARNING DON'T READ IF THAT'S A PROBLEMSo, my thoughts on this one? It's a very pretty game. Faux-Nepal is appropriately exotic for the setting. All the gameplay mechanics from Far Cry 3 have been smoothed including the UI. The main antagonist(Pagan Min) is easily the most interesting person in the game, and happily is around until the end - I liked having not one but multiple times to either execute him or spare him, but of course I shot down his helo without an eye blink cause he's a ridiculous mass murdering psycho, but I appreciated having the option not to. Same with Sabal and Amita, although to be fair there should have been an achievement for tracking them down after the end credits and then killing whichever one you sided with in-game, because frankly they both needed to die to, and here again I appreciate the trouble Ubi Montreal went to to set up a final cutscene for each of them after the end credits where you could see either of them at their worst and then gun them down. I just think it should have been an achievement.Also, the mountainous terrain felt authentic, which means that walking anywhere meant having to CLIMB, and climb, and climb, and climb, and climb, and climb, .....and basically I wouldn't have bothered with half the side quests in the game without the addition of the helicopter to the available vehicles. Also the radio towers weren't supposed to be annoying in this game, but they that's a big fat lie.  Luckily, you can use the helo to fly to the top of most of them.  The helo plus the thumper also a great time.In Far Cry 3 the bow and arrow was my favorite weapon. In this game it was made redundant very quickly by the inclusion of the signature weapons silenced M14clone(better range, better firepower, just as quiet). Alternatively, the signature weapon version of the MG42(nicknamed Buzzaw) was just the most fun I've had with an FPS in ages. It was just so satisfying mowing anything down, flunkies, heavies, rhinos - basically it turns the most annoying baddies into gnats to swat.  Fans of the anime film Jin Roh should get a kick.Fuun stuff to do:  Shoot down a helicopter with a mortar.  Wingsuit into fortresses and procede to take down everyone without being detected(total badassery).  Do all the nanimal control quests with the Buzzaw, and madman giggle the whole time:)Some ideas for DLC - 1) eagle shoot , ie set up an anti-aircraft gun in the game where the player can shoot down eagles with a flak cannon. Also a mini-game where the quest is to eradicate them from the map wouldn't hurt either.2) Do the same for wolves, rhinos, tigers, dholes, leopards and any other animal that started chewing on my leg while I was trying to set up a quiet headshot during a mission objective.So 4 out of 5 ultimately. The game is more polished than it's predecessor, even though I have to be honest the story isn't quite on the level of Far Cry 3.  Just not as engaging.P.S. No seriously, I want an achievement for gunningdown Sabal or Amita after the end credits roll. And an Eagle shoot, I HATE those f*&^ing things."
,Recommended,298110,13840308,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,The Floor,Like Far Cry 3 but with Honey Badgers
,Recommended,298110,13629476,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Yb,gr8 b8 m8 i r8 8/8
76561198115442658,Recommended,298110,14502774,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Inito,Great game even if you have a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ computer. And thats saying alot.
76561198056247550,Recommended,298110,14502903,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,hawkman97,"I've played over 21 hours and I haven't yet finished the game, but here are my impresssionsI liked it. However most of it is recycled from far cry 4 almost like a stand alone expansion.first the cons,The plot while better than every modern military shooter out there. Isn't as good as far cry 3.I like jason brody as a character better. However seeing as how using him a protagonist would override his bittersweet ending of 3 where he leaves the island with his girlfriend and firends to try to live a normal life. However Ajay still isn't as fun.The characters are a mixed bag of interesting and uninteresting characters. The uninterestings ones are flatI did like Longinus and pagan.  Uplay is still annoying and there.The wingsuit is harder to deploy and I still have to remap my grenade button from my middle mouse (my mouse has issues. Whenever I press my right mouse button my middle mouse button triggers. I can still use it to scroll.)Lastly the weapon and vehicle journal entries don't exist and the journal entries aren't funny comments by willis but  propoganda from Pagan min.The flare gun got nerfed.Now for the good things and to me they outweight the bad.I will say that unlike most people are saying they did actually add new features.now for the pros you can use a grappling hook to climb certain rocks.They added mini gyro copters called buzzers that are fun to flyThey added the ability to shoot one handed guns while driving.Oh they did add guns. Lots of them.My favorite new addition is the .700 nitro express. I like guns in real life especially antique guns. so the .700 nitro, the  mk 4 webley (sad they didn't use one chambered in .455 otherwise know as overkill) and the german submachine gun were welcome addidions. The .700 nitro throws enemies up in the air. Yes this is a real caliber and yes it is bigger than a fifty.I like the high fantasy sequences in the game. The Shangri-la sequences. They are fun to me, I know some people have a problem with them.I like the new animals they added. Suck it Cabelas.The graphics are obviously gorgeous.The gunplay is fun. The sandbox has oppurtunities for fun at every turn. There is a semi-automatic crossbow pistolYou can ride war elephants. I wasn't excited about that then I tried it.The inventory is improved Items stack so you can sell pelts that you have no use for wholesale instead of one at at time.So all in all the game really is worth buying"
,Not Recommended,298110,14502944,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Necro,"A random guy who ends up in the middle of a conflict, climbing towers to release weapons and part of the map, with dozens of enemy bases to invade, nothing varied enemies wearing red with scarf covering his face, a psychopath but charismatic antagonist and side missions as ""Hunt x animal with x weapon "", ""murder determined enemy with a knife. "" No, I'm not talking about Far Cry 3, this is actually the Far Cry 4.Yes, Far Cry 4 is exactly the same as the previous one, with all the elements, mechanical, enemies and even the same story. All recycled. If you played the third game for real, dominating all the bases, doing all the missions and exploring the entire map, Far Cry 4 will have absolutely nothing to add. On the contrary, you will already get sick of the game. On the other hand, if you never played Far Cry 3, has no reason to buy the fourth because the former is better."
,Not Recommended,298110,14482502,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,bronney,"If you're on this page about to buy looking for some fun Co-Op action, don't!!! I bought the deluxe with all DLCs after watching youtube of parties cooping and thought I can do the same. OMFG, the latest patch broke coop so bad I can't even join my buddy, let alone random pub games.  Nothing connects except the 5v5 ctf.  Don't buy this game until you start hearing people can successfully play coop.However, the single player is legit.  Just that if you're looking for coop, save your money."
76561198155288901,Recommended,298110,14506400,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,[DS1] Sniper [OVERDRILL],kill something
,Recommended,298110,14507775,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,KingDavidIII,"Before I get into the review i should mention this is my first experience with the FarCry franchise.I love this game so far... great graphics, story and action. I love the RPG aspect to the game aswell. There is one problem with it though, Uplay. I don't understand why you should have to install uplay to play the game that is installed on steam. But this is not worthy of a downvote.  I reccomend that you pick up this game regardless, just be sure to get it on sale,"
76561197964672092,Recommended,298110,14508346,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,M4j0R Fi45C0,"If you played Far Cry 3, then you'll totally appreciate this game.  But you gotta give it a while.  Yoiu're just thrown into the fire and there is so much to do in the world that you don't/can't really get down into all of the storylines until you're ready for them... and then the game simply becomes amazing.   The player plot choices were agonizing and satisfying.  The Shangri-La quests are truly, truly exceptional and in my opinion completely original and noteworthy.   Amazing gameplay, convincing AI, stunning graphics, brutal weaponry, awesome sound and music.... This game is the real deal and I played the crap out of it to the tune of 78 hours with nary a handful of 'issues'.  Ran flawlessly on an i7 4770K and GTX770/4Gb.  If you've got the stomach for Far Cry, this is the one to play... you just gotta play it to the end!  Thank you Ubisoft."
,Recommended,298110,14508686,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,kiwikumquat,"Another solid Far Cry game. Far Cry does a decent job of balancing sandbox with linear progression. Four is a bit worse at this than 3 was, but is still quite fun.Like all Far Cry games, this game can be a beast for completionists, but is fun overall. The Shangri La missions are excellent.PROs: Several hours of fun play.CONs: Co-op play leaves a fair bit to be desired. Unlike Borderlands, in which you and your partner can progress simultaneously, co-op in Far Cry 4 involves your friend dropping into your game and NOT progressing their own. They receive $, xp, and karma but no progression on storyline quests. In fact, you cannot take on storyline quests together. It is a good first attempt at co-op for the Far Cry series in that you can reclaim radio towers and fortresses/outposts together, but you cannot put the game on ultra-hard and try to beat its primary story as a team. Still, it was enjoyable to play co-op some and then beat the storyline on my own. The game's enjoyment ended for me once I did, though. There really does not seem to be a point (even as a completionist) to going back to sidequests after the main storyline ends due to the nature of how it is written. I expect Far Cry 5 will further improve upon what 4 brought to the table and will incorporate some of the same co-op mechanics as Borderlands."
76561198032834581,Recommended,298110,14537728,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Indique,"The graphics are amazing.  Great story and voice acting.  I put this game on par with Far Cry 4, but a step better because of the graphics and a few other changes (like being able to remove tagging with camera).9.5 / 10 imho"
,Recommended,298110,14538092,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Eagle,Gucci
76561198007982007,Recommended,298110,15165376,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Beirut_Papa,"This game is worth it's price tag in the sense that the story and side missions are entertaining... The content is lacking as far as vehilces and customization but you really don't need much if you stick to stealth... I've played this game solely in multiplayer mode, spent very few hours solo... More fun with a friend... Don't expect much end game content, it's practically non extistent... Only thing left are community maps, which are simple yet quite creative :)"
,Recommended,298110,15133825,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Salvarick,"The Himalayan country of Kyrat is a place of myth, faith, secrets, lies, and beauty, and it's one of the best-realized locations I've ever explored in a video game. Kyrat is a colossal, dense, visually diverse place that feels lived in, torn up, and ancient. Far Cry 4 capitalizes on every available strength to make it an amazing open world for first-person action and adventure, while failing repeatedly in creating enjoyable characters within it.Its most notable misfire is the hollow, ambivalent protagonist. Ajay Ghale, the American son of Kyrati freedom fighters, returns to his Himalayan birthplace to scatter his mother’s ashes, and becomes embroiled in his parents’ revolution. It’s a smart, human premise that justifies Ajay’s rampant warpath throughout Kyrat, but Ajay isn’t remotely as interesting as the things he does."
,Recommended,298110,15190335,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Coeus,There are some issues like FOV resetting after cutscenes and stuff like that but other than that it's a great game. Needs surround sound support because I am tired of playing it at CD quality with my 5.1 speakers.
,Not Recommended,298110,14878629,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Himitsu,"Upset!If you living in Japan, this Sh**t have only two languages, Japanese and English.Is not 16 like Steam is showing.Update at 2014-04-04!The good part is that Steam will refund my money even not be the Steam Fault. Thank you Steam.The game have a lot of small freezing and I think the Far Cry 3 was the best.PS: Ubisoft don't reply any of my complaint, the company don't care about you after you bought the game, like Steam does."
,Recommended,298110,15195549,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Dr. Doop,"I dont understand why people are so critical of this game. Yes the gameplay is similiar to farcry 3, but is it really that bad to actually not recommend the game? NO! definately not. The story so far is very well done, movement seems fluid and i even run at highest graphics settings. The game is beautiful and not to mention the oriental theme the game is set around. Shangri-LA enough said! im heavy on the oriental style and lifestyle and playing in this world really makes it seem alive to me.If you have far cry 3 then i recommend you get this one to add to your collection. Dont listen to the negative reviews on the game they are not even accurate. You will enjoy this game :)"
,Recommended,298110,14814594,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,The Entire Population of Potato,"Far Cry 4 is the first game out of the Far Cry series that I've played, and I can honestly say that I'm hooked. It's the first game in which I can genuinely say that I'm addicted too. 10 Crab Rangoons out of 10."
76561197961092183,Not Recommended,298110,14865582,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,britishgreenworm,UPlay is a horrid redundant piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥that runs in the background just to play this game.
,Recommended,298110,14956359,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,$$$,"I looked back at Far Cry 1, 2 and 3 and just thought it wasn't good enough. It had potential. What went wrong? Then I saw it. Far Cry 4 on steam for purchase. I was interested and I clicked on it to see what it was like. 2 seconds later I have bought the game and watched every single video about this game on youtube. 28.2 hrs on record and counting. This game has top notch physics and graphics. If you get bored of singleplayer, go to map browser where anyone that has Far Cry 4 can make whatever type of world and mission they want. Still got bored of that? First off, there is like 500 maps, so how are you bored? Second, You can play any map with friends! You can even do the story mode with them too! Tired now? Just spent the whole day doing this stuff? Do not leave! There is still fricking more. You can play online deathmatch modes like call of fricking duty! Outstanding game. This game has officially blown my mind beyond beleif. I am satisfied with Far Cry 4. Keep up the good work Ubisoft! Oh yeah, I forgot. If you get bored of PvP online, THERE IS ANOTHER GAMEMODE TYPE! The Arena! Man, this game does not want you to click ""Quit."" 10/10."
76561198015637878,Recommended,298110,14956391,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,ChiefKush420,AWESOME GAME WAY BETTER THAN LAST ONE AND BETTER GRAPHICS
76561198095419542,Recommended,298110,14901352,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Spatula Khan,"This game is god damn amazing. The graphics are beutiful, gameplay is so action packed and a much improved story. No stupid 'care for friends' ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, your purpose is so shrouded in mystery and is slowly unveiled through out the story. The shangri-la parts are bloody amazing, adding a sort of fantasy vibe, but keeping it fgrounded through its prurpose of being there. Lastly i loved the refernce made by agent you know who to the previous games character."
76561198145798814,Not Recommended,298110,14029969,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,mustang_4871,I WANT MY ♥♥♥♥ING MONEY BACK..... CANT SEEM TO CONTACT UBISOFT THOUGH.... FEELING ROBBED....
,Recommended,298110,13064057,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Tatsuhide,Good game but could use a few updates to patch some of the glitches from loading screen.
,Recommended,298110,13313218,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,∞★MaxiGameSane★∞,I love it best game i have ever played nice graphics fun gameplay fun multiplayer and epic story definetly has to be a GOTY
76561198129434042,Recommended,298110,13313236,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Linuxnutcase1,"great open world game poor amd optimaization i have crossfire 7870 and pul avg 60 fps on medium setting at 1080.,linuxnutcase"
76561198068681698,Recommended,298110,13313555,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Casper-The-Killer-Ghost-2,Best game ever and multiplayer is much beter
,Recommended,298110,13299598,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,m4rgin4l,"FarCry 4 combines the narrative (and overall message) of FarCry 2 with the mechanics of FarCry 3. If you haven't played either of those games, please do, they're great, and so is FarCry 4. This game is not without its flaws, but at least they're not technical like the clusterf*ck that is Assassin's Creed Unity. The story is not very good, but the message is interesting. The voice acting is top notch (daaaaamn that Troy Baker is good), and the characters are pretty interesting. There are strong female characters and they're not just for show, they move the story along and female NPCs fight alongside the male ones (is this a first?). There, a good game, from Ubisoft, weird right?"
76561197990779557,Recommended,298110,13030813,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,It's Jon,"Pros: It's like Far Cry 3Cons: It's like Far Cry 3The game gorgeous which seems like where they've spent the majority of their effort. It's even better if you can set it up on Ultra and use the Nvidia specific settings.  I've had an issue though with temporary screen burning. So far the only fix is if you die or restart the entire game. That needs a patch ASAP. Also frame rates drop in and out randomly and gets really choppy - don't think it's my system.Running i7 4790K Overclocked, 2 EVGA GTX 780ti set up SLI, Windows 8.1 64bit, and 16 GB Corsair Vengance DDR3 2133, ASUS Sabertooth Z97 Mark 1."
76561198105660731,Recommended,298110,13031497,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,KinginDaNorf,great game
76561198016328734,Recommended,298110,13031690,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,fhsna,best game ever!
76561198024633017,Recommended,298110,13032330,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,The Anathema,Bang Bang It's Far Cry.
,Recommended,298110,13032667,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Rupfasuntine,Work of art ....play and u will understand
,Recommended,298110,13000870,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Cognitive Spoon,"First door crash. I cannot get past the first door in the game, Game of the year. 10/10***Update***Runs fine now. I unplugged my 360 controller for windows and am running the ALI crack. You should not have to crack a game you purchase."
76561198045787966,Recommended,298110,13006960,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Dunjam,Holy Molly Whatta game I r8 8/8 m8 gr8 game!
,Recommended,298110,13007013,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,CogYang,"Besides the small problems I have had using an AMD card, this game runs very well. nice even 60 FPS, default High video settings.As for the enjoyability, its better than ever. Combining the RPG elements from 3, with the flamable and entertaining enviornment of 2, this game really wraps the series together. The story isnt perfect, but the antagonist is nearly as entertaining as Vaas from Far Cry 3"
76561198038389661,Recommended,298110,13008597,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,choppy the panda,"massive beutiful open world with far cry 3's awesome combat system, story is not that intriguing but that doesn't affect the whole fun of the game"
,Recommended,298110,13008645,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Brent,"Far Cry 3 was one of my favourite games and this one tops that easily. A new and invigorating story along with a beautiful landscape to explore leaves you with lots to do. Animal hunting, crafting, and the bell towers all keep Far Cry 4 feeling like a sequel and provide loads of fun. One major change is the inability to access the entire map without activating the bell towers. I found that disappointing as I was no longer able to go exploring for fun because I had to follow the story. Fortunately, the story is great and I didn't mind working on that first before exploring all of Kyrat. If you're a Far Cry fan as I am, I highly recommend getting this game."
,Recommended,298110,13008746,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Bubsy,I ran over a bunch of deer in an ATV and then wolves chewed me to pieces. Later I found a maxi pad in a crate. 10/10
,Recommended,298110,13008752,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,JCLIVININIQUITY6,Loved FC sense I played the first so many years ago.:)
,Recommended,298110,13009400,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Nic Cage The Dick Mage,At first it wouldnt even launch. All it would do was open a black window then say (not responding). After reading online to try and unplug any un-needed USB connections it might work. Sure enough it worked for some reason. Dont know how that has anything to do with the game launching but i guess thats what you get from a port. other than that i like the game exept for the lag spikes when im driving..... get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together Ubisoft.
76561197997728699,Recommended,298110,13009793,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,UsaLostLiberty,"Few more patches and this game will work ,the visuals are amazing some problems with frame rate"
