user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,298480,13716384,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Elmappio,"Good game in many ways but a clear fundamental fault spoils it - after you start amassing a decent fleet yourself there is nothing in the ocean to challenge you making the game so easy its not worth playing. Other than engaging the heaviest enemy ports you won't ever stumble across convoys or fleets that will do any more than sink a few of your destroyers at best.The developers need to make it far harder - have much bigger and stronger enemy fleets roaming and hunting you down. The game is far too easy. When you've built a force of 5 battleships, 5 cruisers, 2 carriers, 4 destroyers or whatever, you want to come up against enemies of similar strength. None exist.Gameplay is good and the game has a lot of potential but this problem is fundamental. Hopefully will be resolved."
76561198002950093,Not Recommended,298480,11632166,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Tgt_Practice,"I am really torn on this.  I love naval games, cutting my teeth on the Harpoon series, this unfortunately, offers the depth of a paddling pool.  It is however quite fun, striking me as better suited for a mobile game.I have only played campaign mode, you start by picking either the US or GB then you are given a basic destroyer.  After this you simply go out and sink enemy ships...like the French and Italians...wasn't actually aware that the UK fought against the French navy, didn't they sink them at Mers-el-Kébir?First problem, no ability to play as the German Navy or the French, Italian, Japanese or Russian navy in campaign mode.Sinking ships involves zooming the map out and looking for small forces to take on, it's so simple, too simple no radar, no visual ranges, no sonar...hydrophones, it's naval warfare, god mode.Battles are fought at a slightly more zoomed view, it's actually quite fun, but so so shallow, all you do is right click on the target, that's it!There is no damage control, no distance calculations, just turn towards the enemy and flank speed, once in range (actually even slightly out-of-range) right click and keep clicking, sort of like Diablo with ships.You keep going until you are destroyed (very unlikely), you destroy the enemy (very very likely) or they surrender (occasionally happens).Afterwards, you get ""warbonds"" with which to buy ships, simply sail into port and buy a ship.  The game play doesn't change at all, you just buy more or better ships.After saving enough 'money', you get to buy a battleship, basically cheat mode, they cannot be hurt, other than buy other battleships, your guns are to accurate, i took on 6 destroyers and 2 heavy cruisers with my Battleship, all were wiped out before they even managed a single shot on target.  Aircraft carriers somehow manage to be more useless than any other ship in the game, the planes are easily destroyed (automatically) and are incapable of offering even destroyer levels of damage.It's pretty buggy, i can forgive that, Portsmouth was taken by the Germans and i was tasked with taking out the fleet (British Fleet) taking it back, despite the fact i was playing as the British, after it was taken back it was unusable to me.It is a fun game, but it's to shallow.  It is over priced for what's offered, so i would have to rate it as a 'no'"
76561198028393180,Recommended,298480,12810087,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Xagyg,"For the longest time,it seemed as though Naval wargames had belonged completely to either table-top wargaming or micro-small indie companies like Naval Warfare Simulations which produced ""Warship Combat"" While a great game that allowed you to play all Nations involved in world wars 1&2.What that game offered was depth,what it lacked was graphics(we are talking graphics from the Hadean Epoch!)and had too much micro-managing.Along comes Evil Twin studio's ""Victory at Sea"" which caused me no small amount of excitement bordering on arousal (I come from a family with a lot of Navy Vets) If you have longed for a really really good and very fun ship combat game,you have found it.What does it offer,you ask??PRO'S: Fun without being either too tedious or too simple.Kinda does border on the ""beer and pretzels"" school of gaming,but I am a guy who wants fun,not frustration.Lots and lots of ship classes,makes and models.Has ships from not just GB,the U.S.,Germany,and Japan,but also from France and Italy.Grognards take heed:some ships do not live up to their real life inspirations,e.g.: the Le Fantasque class of destroyers had been almost light cruisers,they had been truly dangerous yet in the game they seem to have been de-fanged.Has missions to complete but one can play a campaign( Pacific,Mediterranean,or Atlantic) in a open enviroment.You do not have to wait for orders to attack an enemy base or go cruising for supply convoys to pick off.Young:Just released and still kinda like a beta game,they just made the IJN playable.Some of you may find that bad but,the game has lots of room to grow.The Kriegsmarine will be playable soon.How soon,I cannot say.Hopefully the Regia Marina,and the Vichy and Free French will become playable as well,they should. . . . . the Italians and French made the sexiest ships of WW2.CONS: Glitchy,saving your game does not always mean it will save.Very frustrating having to fight the same battle twice.Lack of content.See above under young.Grinding exp and funds gets old real fast.Hard to make money when you only have 4 destroyers,and your boss tells you to go out and intercept the damned Admiral Hipper,which can destroy all of your puny tin cans with their pop-guns all by itself from stand-off range.So to wrap this prelimanary review up:easy to get into,very fun,longevity(not even close to finishing a campaign yet) but also frustrating at times and feels unfinished.FINAL SCORE(as of now): 93% positive,very reccomended."
76561198043261810,Not Recommended,298480,11782669,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Azurail,"I will try to make it short:PRO+ easy to learn and master+ small, under 600 MB in size+ decent UI, smooth controls+ weather effects (rain), day and night cycles+ atmospheric voice over (original speeches of politicians like Churchill etc.)+ tutorials explain every ship class and its use+ (campaign mode) ports get attacked by large fleets you can intercept, otherwise the enemy (re-) captures the port+ free saving (except in mid-battle)+ time sliderCON- heavily overpriced, it would be more fitting for a 4,99 EUR or even 2,99 EUR title- rather dull gameplay, fights are basically the same over and over again- random missions from HQ are meaningless and not worth the time reward-wise, you can completely skip them- no special attacks or abilities for the ships- no skills for your captain (although he obtains up to ten levels by gaining experience)- the textures on the ship models are a joke!- graphics in general not on par with a 20,- EUR price class title- weather or daytime doesn't seem to affect combat in any way- for all types of ships the sound of their engines and cannons are the same (A submarine roars like a battleship)- the different ships do sometimes differ only in details, some have the exact same stats, just another ship model- miserable AI regarding movement and shooting (even your own level 10 captains shoot like a blind man)- SINGLE STRATEGY to win: Manually control a ship with long range. Then fight at long range, you win. Just don't let the enemy get too close and you will win by manually controlling where to fire at.Make extensive use of the pause - function and manually control several ships, you are unstoppable.You just get the enemy in range of your cannons, reduce speed, show him the side of the ship (so all of your cannons fire arcs can hit him) and fire away broadside after broadside, manually aimed.(If you are lazy, just add carriers to your fleet and let them do their job automatically. You just care for the more dangerous enemies and take them out manually. Meanwhile, your carriers will deal with the rest.)This game is quite fun for a while, but heavily overprized for what you get. It lacks a deep gameplay. The strategy to win is primitive. Fights get boring and repetitive once you get the idea.For 4,99 EUR it would not be a loss, but the price of 21,99 EUR made me write this review.If you unconditionally love naval warfare action-RTS (no simulation!), perhaps you will enjoy this for a while. Otherwise, don't touch it."
,Recommended,298480,17821015,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Nerivon,"Firstly. This is a fun game. Lets talk about what it IS.It is a game about naval battles, about big ships with big guns blowing the snot out of each other on the oceans of World War 2.It's quick, fun and easy to learn.It has a campaign mode which is surprisingly free-form and open-worldish. You do what you want, you go where you want, and if you fail a mission or two, so what.Now, lets talk about what it's NOT.It is NOT historically accurate.It is NOT a simulation.It is NOT a hard or punishing game.It is NOT subtle.ALL THAT ASIDE, I played it over my holidays and loved it, it was lots of quick, pick-me-up-and-play fun!  (Once the history-simulation-nazi that lives inside every nerd is suppressed viciuosly by the fun-loving 10 year old part of your psyche)"
,Not Recommended,298480,15867576,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Bovive,"I love RTS, ship games, and World War II games. That being said, sadly this game falls short of my expectations. I had read other reviews that state this game gets too easy quickly. Typically I do not care much about the challenge of a game, but rather the experience. Unfortunately the challenge is what makes this game. There is not much for story here and there is no ""base building"" feature. The other reviews I had read were correct; once you obtain a decent fleet there is no match for you. Without the challenge I found myself to be bored rather quickly. Battles are easily won without your manual intervention, and although the tactical map allows for some micromanagement, you can just click start and fast forward to an easy win. I think this game is worth buying if you find it on sale for less than $10 USD, otherwise you may find yourself disappointed."
76561198059319101,Recommended,298480,14296944,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Daddy Kon,"Like every game it needs more. More ships, more options, more pictures of captains faces but it's just too addictive to stop playing for very long. It just needs to be played.The latest update added something really worth mentioning. The most user friendly way to make your very own mods I've ever seen. It's right in the game menu and one click takes you to the files that change most aspects of the game.My opinion of this game has been bumped up a notch from excellent to...whatever is above that   lol.Great job team."
76561197973954932,Recommended,298480,18560492,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,ArcticKitsu,"I want to rate this highly to encourage other game developers to copy this and Silent Hunter 3+ for we need more open-world type naval games. This one still earns my praise for trying, if in a very sloppy manner.Pros:-Combat: Loving how you have to aim & guess where your shots shall fall. It's satisfying when you damage & sink vessels.-Combat - Extra: The ability to create a smoke screen with the ship's funnels, to create convoys, to be all tactical with submarines, and etc. Even the whole ability by using landing crafts to capture ports.-AI & Ship command: I love the ability to set the AI on auto-pilot or to take command of specific ones. You can set waypoints & even personally command any vessel on command. It's sweet <3-Hardpoints: What I absolutely love about VAS is the whole hardpoint feature with you able to cripple vessels in specific manners. The ability to aim for their turrets, to slay sailors, and etc.-World map:is free-roamy, meaning you can travel anywhere.-Factions: UK, Kriegsmarine, Italy, Japan & USA. Nice variety, yet needs far more in campaign. I love how New Zealand & Canada found their way into the UK, yet wishing they were their own mini-faction regradless of their size & value in other people's eyes.-Repairs: Having to repair back at docks and to resupplyl.-Ports: Having to capture them like flags to then purchase new vessels. Even having to use troop transports to take over enemy types while defending your own transports; Sinking the assaulting.-Reinforcements: Nice concept here that needs to be fleshed out more in combat. Nearby fleets join in to attack or defend you. Minus convoys.-Modding: I respect the developers for trying to make this game modable with various ways to insert different ship types, stats & faction stuff.=Cons:-Repetition: Quickly becomes ""same"" formula.-AI needs work: AI at times is neat, yet at other times it's highly horrible. It's eager to team-kill just to sink the other enemy. It does silly things when you're not at the helm.-Go big, or go home: Becomes harder to bring in smaller vessels that you have to think like a younger individual to simply bring in purely battleships & aircraft carriers to win late-game. Granted, it may be more rewarding at higher levels when other features kicks in.-Ports: They're all the same with them needing to be personalized when you go to dock into them. The assault/defend battle maps needs actual landmass in variety & actual detail. More ports, more variety.-Map types: I'm aware this is naval with water, yet there's still a way to add in ice maps, port haps, harbour maps, and various other sorts. More variety needed.-Missing various ship types: Going through the forums I noticed ships were still missing from the game. I even notice missing Canadian vessels, such as the Minatour & the three Prince Robert/Henry/ David vessels. Germany, UK, & Japan all missing their fair-share also. Granted, this all takes loads of work to put into it.-Modding: Still missing mod support on the side of a map-maker, world maker, Model importing & etc. This game could be so much better with it.-Camera: Absolutely introverted. It wants to push you away by forcing you into the tactical map itself with grids. It doesn't want you anywhere near the units, or even to look-up to see far. It wants you to be ""cross-eyed"" with how awkward it is. This hurts when viewing smaller units & when trying to aim.-Hardpoint Lock: No way you can swap the hardpoints to make the vessels personalized to you & your situation. You're stuck with the default, unless you mod it.=This game has so much potential, yet it's dragging its feet too heavily that it's sitting still in open waters. It can easily be highly engaging & rewarding, yet the developers are too focused on too many things to make this game overly epic. I genuinely enjoy it for the features it has added, how much fun one can get out of it, and all the stuff it's missing. RIght now I still view it as 70-80% complete product needing to add Russia, missing units, other countries, and even the promised multiplayer.I do recommend this to people, but only on the part that I want other game developers to stop being fearful of producing open-world naval games. Make more VAS, more Silent Hunter, and other sorts of games. Cash in on KanColle & Arpeggio of Blue Steel anime hype. People may say they're sick of war-games, yet they're seeking specific ones that actually matter by hitting actual sweet spots. How I would love to take command of the Canadian & Dutch navy, no matter how you may view their worth in the war. Tribute is tribute; Learning about history is what peaked my interest with this game. I learned some neat stuff from KanColle web game & this game, thus my slight bias nudging this game rating above ""average""I rate this 70-80% of 100% (or 7 to 8 of 10) for it's sluggish & incomplete, yet well researched product. I also praise this game because it's not only about USA, but about the whole world. I saw more variety than in other American-made war games because this is U.K made."
76561198019543617,Recommended,298480,17057074,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,GEM,"There isn't many WW2 naval games out there - which is a pity. Victory at Sea does an adequate job. It is easy to learn and get into. There isn't any tech trees or the usual RTS set ups. Instead, you simply win battles, earn cash and buy better ships.The graphics are ok, but not great. Whether you enjoy it or not comes down to how much you want to play play WW2 naval combat. As a history lover, I enjoyed it.7/10"
,Not Recommended,298480,15761491,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Balthasar Gelt,"A very basic version of Sid Meier's Pirates set during the Second World War.- Some of the ship models look disappointingly inaccurate.- The game can be quite a grind at the start, but becomes more fun once you unlock cruisers.- Combat feels basic and will bore you by the time you unlock battleships.- The North Atlantic Campaign has you fighting the Italian navy, the French Navy and the German navy, the latter two fielding Navy's of comparable size to the Royal Navy. Germany has apparently travelled back in time to recreate the High Sea's fleet and rarely fields submarines.- If you want to play as another nation, or even the same nation in a different campaign, you'll have to grind XP all over again."
,Recommended,298480,13135830,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,[32nd Cpt] gurudennis,"Victory at Sea, especially post several recent rebalancing patches, is a beautiful and deep realtime WWII naval combat simulation that really shines in the tactical maneuvers and long range duels. Having been initially quite sceptical about the realism of ship class balance, I soon realized that in fact this game is one of the very select few that hit the nail on the head. If you are a WWII history buff, you'll be pleased to intuitively recognize the major traits, advantages and shortcomings of historical navy ship classes and to be able to reason about them in-game using your prior knowledge of the subject.Now, on top of the tactical engagements the game features a ""strategic"" layer where you get to control your (single) fleet and upgrade it not dissimilarly from how you would in an age of sail pirate simulation game. This strategic layer is where things get a bit sketchy, unrealistic and essentially deteriorate into an open world RPG. However, it does set the stage for tactical naval engagements and that's where the game shines, so I suppose it's not the worst way to segway the player into individual combat scenarios.Overall I can recommend to pick up the game, especially if you see it on discount or if you're into the niche which it so neatly fills."
76561198042165787,Recommended,298480,19420965,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,MrTigg,"sweet game if you remember the PTO, and PTO2 game from Super Nintendo.  Except here, YOU control the individual ship, or ship's in your fleet during combat!  Speed, Manueverability, and control all the different guns on the ship!  Anti-sub, torpedoes, secondary guns, main guns!   I know its the kind of game I was almost hoping to see after playing PTO2.  Open world campaign, go anywhere your heart or a mission from the admiralty tells you!  And, you wont just be playing the Americans or Japanese, other nations are critical, and playable to the campaign's, and mini-missions.  So, have fun, I am..."
76561197971493694,Recommended,298480,12732374,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Aike,"Not too complicated or hard, but fun. Anyone looking for a hardcore sim or realism will probably be underwhelmed, but for anyone looking to sail around the WW2 seas sending the enemy to the bottom of the seas, this offers a large selection of ships, some fun tactics and enough choice to keep things interesting for a while."
76561197984018275,Recommended,298480,11609284,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,[RF]Nordace,"Victory at Sea put you in command of your very own fleet of warships, from the puny Clemson all the way up to a mighty Iowa Battleship. In terms of represented navies the biggest ones are all there, Kriegsmarine(Germany), USN(US), RN(UK), IJN(Japan) RM(Italy) and both Free and Vichy French navies.I agree with the previously stated that it is similar to Mount and Blade series. With an overall world map and moving from fight to fight. building a naval squadron, losing said naval squadron and doing things like repair and support other captains. Though however simplified in the sense you do not have to repair the ships yourself or replenish any aircrew or aircraft.From personal experience, the tactical fight takes place in a setting similar to Navyfield and the naval action of Patrician IV.Sporting a tactical map for bigger decisions and the ability to control a single or all ships, it's weaponry and targeting.In terms of combat it's fairly straight forward, and comes supplied with some, dubious quality videos to show you how its done. It gets you the basics.Other than that, a typical destroyer battle plays out like heading straight for the enemy, cross the T and then launch a salvo of torpedoes and hope to higher powers they won't miss.So for a diehard naval combatant, this game is really easy until you come up against something way outside of your class of ship (destroyers vs. Heavy cruisers for instance) Or the game casually puts your carrier right next to the enemy battleship. Close enough for crew to actually board. (And how it got that close to begin with is one massive miracle)  Then watch your carrier be blasted to bits. Goodbye ridiculous amount of saving money! A way to pre-deploy would be nice (And if the function is there, I have missed it and blame only myself).25.08 edit: Most of the glaring errors previously mentioned were fixed.Reason I recommend this game, is because it is isn't in itself Bad. Or otherwise so buggy it ends up unplayable. It can become a gem with quite a bit of polish to it. It is an interesting concept, and naval action has been sorely missed for my part.I would personally argue its price does not justify what is contained within at the time of this review. Wait for a priceslash."
76561198059834545,Recommended,298480,12697299,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Comm.Burst,"Solid naval war platform constantly updated, Developers listen to players and constant patches make this a definate buy for any Strategy player"
76561198069159152,Recommended,298480,31572316,Posted: 5 May,all,wrb41977,"Decent game. Was looking for something similar to PTO (which is a hazy good memory), and this is... close enough I guess. No Alaska-class Battlecruisers, but whatever... Anyway, the game is a combat RTS dealing with naval warfare in World War II. There are three campaigns: Atlantic, Pacific, and Mediterranean. I have only done the Med campaign at this point, which allows you to choose between playing as the Brits or the Americans. It looks like you can choose to play as either of those in the other two campaigns, plus the Axis powers... which as it is an achievement to win those campaigns as the Germans or Japanese, I guess one should do that...Combat is somewhat easy to grasp, though at large numbers things slow down a bit, so leaving most to the computer might be advisable (which if you have a large enough force... well, you pretty much roll over EVERYTHING). The campaign I played was a bit annoying with the enclosed spaces and all, but became easier once I thinned the opposing forces down by taking their ports (which appears to be how you do that). Note: the higher rank ports will need a few battleships... not least because one or two tend to show up as defence...All in all, I would recommend it to anyone interested in such things.Update: Having now played the Atlantic and Pacific campaigns (from both sides), I will now add that the Med campaign seems the easiest. Now, the campaigns where you play as the Axis are the more difficult in their regions, and the Pacific campagins for both are by far the most difficult. This comes down to two factors. One is that the map changes (which to be fair, is probably necessary considering how much territory the Japanese have on the Allied Pacific map). The second is a little more direct. For the Allies, taking certain objectives can be hindered by the combo of fighting Shokaku-class carriers backed by Yamatos. Yamatos might be the most broken unit in the game. For the Japanese... well, your HQ can be sadistic. Seriously, I had them direct me to lead assaults on Hong Kong in the early game. So, I go okay, it's down to level 1, no big deal... and ran into the Brit's best battleship...Oh, and if you decide to attack the American ports in Hawaii? They are level 17s..."
,Not Recommended,298480,11611058,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Izzatso?,"it's nor SSI Great Naval Battles nor Fighting Steel.It's just an Roguelike Diablo Clone with ships instead a virtual Muppet.Con:Stupid AI on the Map Layer.Stupid Ship to Ship AI.Repetitiv GameplayAs an RTS Game not much RTS in it.As an ARPG not much ARPG in it.As an Naval Battleship Sim not much Sim in it.Naval Battles are childishly simple Arcade affairs.Overpriced.Pro:Easy on Eyes and EarsEasy to pick Up.Easy to play.For an old Grognard and Veteran of Great Naval Battles, Fighting Steel, Harpoon and Command Modern Air Naval Operations this game is just not my cup of Tea.Why? It's a simple Arcade ARPG Masquerade as an Naval Strategie RTS. And the Retail Price is a Joke in my Opinion because for 23 € i expected Steak and not a McDonalds Burger.My worst Pickup for 2014 so Far."
76561198055625334,Not Recommended,298480,15497079,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,ithoriel,"Some interesting bits and pieces but without doubt the worst interface it has been my misfortune to come across. The campaigns are an excercise in frustration. Fleets on the map bounce off each other like dodgems, intercepting an enemy fleet often becomes a clickfest as you try to get your fleet to head where you want, airstrikes are launched a ranges of a few kilometres, messages interrupt the action instead of appearing somewhere in the foreground while your fleet carries on in the background, you are given missions hundreds of kilometres from where you are often passing friendly fleets as large (or larger) than yours that are doing nothing about this impending disaster .... Aaaaagh! It could be a great WW2 naval game but not without a lot of work. Not recommended."
76561197992673134,Recommended,298480,11621961,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,sarumanishe,"Game is fun but far too arcady. There is less of a strategy feel as it is dodging shells in combat.Enemy subs are deadly but won't submerge if attacked by planes making carrier attacks easily wins.Overall carries seem to be end all weapon there is almost no point in having other ships.Game tends to crash, and recently all my saves got lost in a middle of campagin. Wasted 15+ hours of gaming. hope this getting fixed.DON'T go back in port immediately after leaving it game will crash in a bad way (your fleet tries to go back in port while moving away from it causing it to hang) possibly killing saves.Overall, fun little arcade. But to be an excelent game need quite a bit of work. and bug fixes."
76561198031126820,Recommended,298480,12401060,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Mooncatt,"The concept of this game is fantastic! i was hoping for a game like this to arrive since the stone age. unfortunately there is very little depth to the game and it could have been soooo much better by adding things like upgrades for your ships, a story line, weapon grouping, polished graphics, a first person view for firing weapons i.e a gunners view, repairs to ships during combat, land mass in the battle instead of the monotonous open sea, ship formations (which ill touch on later).......the list goes on.The game has a couple of different modes, campaign, historical missions. if you hit campaign you can choose 3 different theatres, atlantic, med, pacific and the maps are nice and large with plenty of ports to attack.Having said all of the above the game itself is very addictive and for some reason i cant put it down :D there is a very wide variety of ships to unlock each having their pros and cons, the latter ships like the long range firing cruisers and battleships are almost impossible to hit anything with at range too because the enemy ships are so small at any kind of range beyond the destroyer firing range.One of the most annoying things ive found is that when you enter the battle phase sometimes you will have one of your destroyers quite a ways forward of all your other ships and your much slower cruisers right at the back, the game seriously needs a ship formation button so that your faster ships will match your slower ships speed and enter firing range all at the same time. Ive never found the ""defend area"" button useful at all either, it would be better to have a destroyer defending a cruiser as to offer anti sub support as the cruiser dont carry DCs.The game uses a currency called warbonds which you get for sinking enemy shipping, unfortunately its all too easy to earn, ive been playing for about a couple of hours but within 30mins of gameplay i was already up to 30million enabling me to buy the light cruisers, which rip apart the enemy destroyers with ease IF you can get them into range before your destroyers do the job for you.I would recommend this game to others but if it wants to take itself sersiously there is a heck of a lot of polishing and buffing needing to be done before the game has any depth to it. its a very simple game and some will get bored to tears within 10mins, worth £17? not at the moment as it stands."
,Not Recommended,298480,22768744,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,KarmaShark,"I have to second the many negative reviews and say that this is an ultimately disappointing title.It's fun initially, but has little depth in terms of game mechanics and tactics / strategy.It doesn't really deserve the ""Simulation"" tag (not the dev's fault) as it is more arcade like - which does make it accessible, but I found it unsatisfying.I also found the UI off-putting - rather unpolished.A shame really.  The dev's obvs wanted to hit a sweet spot between accessible/casual play and deep/complex strategy, but sadly only managed to fall between two stools and miss both.I bought at -75% and still asked for a refund, so I can't believe the the ""RRP"".If you're looking for a better battle experience, try Altantic Fleet instead."
76561198090939789,Recommended,298480,12712670,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,nealastle,"This is a very good casual naval warfare game. I have found it to be very very enjoyable.It is a very easy game to access for the casual gamer, and it is a nice game to unwind to.I really do enjoy having carriers in this game. For me this adds an extra level of enjoyment and fun.Sometimes the game can be a bit 'same old same old', which I have to say is my only criticism.I do like the new patch (1.1), and the ability to group ships into formation, or group select a target.Very much recommended!"
76561198007857049,Recommended,298480,13411625,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,runiteluke16,Well beat a campaign first 2 days after launch thought the game was ok.Lot better now and i will give them this they have continuously and in reasonable time updated adding new features and improvemnts creating a better level of complexity to game.result well worth a replay
76561197963304669,Recommended,298480,17084340,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,shammy,Ok - this is not a detailed micro managed war game - it is however a very good way of passing a few hours and will appeal to anyone who wants to kill a few ships with an hour or two to spare. The graphics are not astounding and some people have  stated that it becomes difficult to control with larger fleets. I have found that so long as you turn off manual control on all but the ship you are in command of at any given time it works just fine. Think of this game as a bit of fun - very much like  Sid Meier's pirates but in a WWII setting and you won't go far wrong!!!
76561197971234737,Recommended,298480,29002291,Posted: 4 January,all,H5N1,"Sea warfare has always been pretty difficult to put into a game format; a bit like flight simulators, they can either be too arcadey (and therefore not really do justice to their subject) or too realistic (hanging around for hours in a sub with nothing but little wheels to turn).  Given the vast distances involved in WW2 sea combat, where opposing fleets in the age of air power sometimes never saw each other directly during battle, Victory at Sea makes some quite good compromises.  So, for example, the ocean scale is reduced so that even when you have an overwhelming carrier force it's still useful (and fun) to have a few battleships to take out some of the nearby enemy in between air strikes.  Lobbing your shots over thousands of yards, anticipating where your target will be when they fall, is a skill you'll enjoy developing.  It's more arcade than sim, but fun.Graphically the game isn't up there with the best (but it's perfectly adequate for the job) - since even with a fair PC you get some lag once all planes and ships are in view later in the game when 80+ ships can be involved in battles, that's probably just as well.  Carrier air groups are representative rather than historically accurate for the same reason (an Essex class carrier here has 15 aircraft, rather than the 90 of real life), but that works well in terms of balanced ship v ship action.New units are unlocked as you progress in experience; defeating enemies earns you War Bonds to buy different ships, and there are quite a few models within each class - destroyer, cruiser, battleship, for example - each with different features; however, once you've maxed out at skill level 10 you'll find that you won't bother with most - some within a class are just so superior that there isn't much point keeping or buying others.  So, for example, playing as the US I always end up with Iowa class battleships (only a Yamato outranges them), Essex Class carriers, and Fletcher class destroyers - nothing else.As others have said, many of the missions are same-y; capturing a port is routine to the extent that once you have a competent, balanced fleet you can just leave it to the AI to capture them if you don't mind taking a few more casualties, which are easily replaced (if you lose a ship you don't lose the captain and his experience).  It gets to the point that you just sail around on the vast ocean (in map mode) for ten to fifteen minutes waiting for one of the invasion challenges to pop up, which involves your dashing over to defeat a fleet typically two to three times larger than yours before it captures one of your ports (there is a way of defeating an 80+ fleet with your limit of 20 units per engagement, but I'll let you find that out for yourself).  Put together, this makes for low replayability; typically, I'll play it for a week, end up with a fleet of 80+ including 60 carriers (as I say, more arcade than historically accurate), delete it, then come back six months or more later.But the real problem with this game is the AI, which lets the whole thing down.  Leaving aside the enemy's ""charge straight at 'em every time"" fleet formations and willingness to allow lone puny destroyers to wander into the range of your big guns long before the rest of his main body can punch you back, it's your own AI support which really sucks.  For the game to be fun, you want manual control of some units while leaving others under AI but executing your tactical battle plan (as with admirals and captains in real life) - so, for example, I want to bring my battleships to the fringes of engagements under my control to catch enemy ships with my guns, while my carriers stand off and pick off priority targets, wear down their air groups etc, maintaining formation and distance from the enemy as they do so.Fat chance - it's total manual (too fiddly, constant pausing to see what's going on with every ship, or all AI - nothing in between.  Put your carriers under AI control, take your six battleships up to the enemy to have a bit of fun, turn around three minutes later and the carriers are all over the shop and heading in different directions, sending aircraft to their own idea of a priority target - which often lies right at the far side of the enemy fleet, meaning that you lose half your aircraft to shipboard AA fire as they overfly it straight away.  Meanwhile, one of your battleships has been disabled and you need air to take out the Yamato class brute which is going to sink it - but your carrier captains have their own agenda, and by the time you have taken them back under manual control it's too late.  They also like sending out every single one of their fighters to shoot down a few enemy seaplanes when you've already wiped out the enemy fighter cover to allow your bombers in, so they all get shot down by the ships for nothing.If anything it gets worse when your whole fleet is under manual control.  You can create groups, but they are so poorly designed that they are useless.  For example, every battleship fleet commander since before Nelson has dreamed of ""crossing the T"", bringing his ships in line across the head of the enemy's column, allowing each ship to fire broadside on at a single target at a time, which cannot reply with its full armament; so you need to keep your ships in line, evenly spaced.  Absolutely standard naval practice, which captains would rehearse over and over again.  Not your captains, though.  You want it, you have to fiddle with every ship individually - all of the time; bearing, speed, distance, the lot.  Not only difficult, but tiresome.  I'm an admiral, for goodness' sake; what a shower my captains are.Worse yet: you place your precious carriers in two well spaced lines, set their speed (individually, arghh), group select their bearing, and send them off to keep distance from the enemy.  Five minutes later one of them is being sunk - whaaa?  What happened?  What happened is that one of your brilliant experience level 10 captains bumped into another, bounced off at an angle, hit another, ditto, ended up sailing straight towards the enemy, bang.And finally, when you do have them all in the right place and sailing in the right direction again, if you want them to attack your own choice of target you have to select every single carrier, plane, and target individually - so, if you have 16 carriers and want to dive bomb the Musashi, that's one click per carrier, one click per dive bomber (six per ship), one click per target per carrier.  That's 128 clicks.  Select all (or groups) of carriers, all planes of a type, and target,  and get your captains to do the rest?  Apparently admirals can't do that, don't be silly.  (Yes, you can order entire groups to attack a target in map mode - but then they will send off every aircraft and type, leaving nothing in reserve, and manoeuvre to where you don't want them; and 100% losses are common among torpedo bombers unless you've already taken care of their CAP).Come on, Evil Twin; this is basic stuff which has existed in other games for decades - set and maintain unit formation and speed, set stance to aggressive, reactive, keep distance etc, deploy only some weapons, prioritise target types.  More to the point, it's basic naval warfare - it's why every ship has a captain: to fight his ship while executing the strategic and tactical orders of his fleet commander, not bugger off bumping into everything and kamikaze-ing his air group at every opportunity.  Court martials all round.In the end this flaw prevents you from getting a lot more out of the game; it means you cannot set complex traps based on multiple elements of your fleet operating independently but under your overall control and to your plan.This is therefore one of those games to buy at £3.99 or so; I would need a lot of persuading to buy a Victory at Sea 2 at even a tenner unless Evil Twin addresses these basic flaws.  So recommended, yes - at a low price."
76561198006514195,Recommended,298480,13326819,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Monsteri,"Suprisingly good game. Just have been playing the campaign with Japanese for an hour or two so it's alittle early, but still already this seems like a winner. Expecially since there is not a whole lot to choose from naval combat games.Sometype of multiplayer would be a plus.The campaign is nicely planned. You start as a Kaptain of a destroyer and you can freely do your own operations and patrols along the seas. As you destroy enemy shipping you get more rank and money to unlock and buy new ships in to your fleet.Just got a third destoryer and it seems fun. Perhaps I get money and unlocks a bit too fast, but then again the new destroyers dont differ so much form the old ones yet. It remains to be seen if the better ships and destroyers will only be unlocked at a historical timeframe or is it completely in players hands.I hope it's the historically correct way.From the freely movable world map (freely to extend. As Japanes I cant leave the pasific theatre of war and it's a good thing.) you move in to a realtime battle map where you can command you own fleet and individual ships too. At first the shooting and using of weapons in general seems a bit...childish, but on the long run I have come to see the tactical element in it.Expacially once you get bigger ships and carriers the game will move in to another tactical and strategical areas.The way that the campaing movement and battles have been realised brings very much a Mount & Blade cind of a feeling. But the world map feels more alive than the Mount & Blade one. In that recards they should be taking notes from this.There are at the moment that I writethis atleas the Australian, USA, Great Britain and Japanese to choose from and atleast the Germans are coming but not yet unfortunately available.In overal this is a very very promising strategy game focused on the naval combat of WW2 and it is a rearbreed.It does move in a fineline between a hardcore strategygame and an arcade one so there is a little fear of it falling more in to the arcade side. Still, it's defenatly worth the money they ask if you like strategy and have wished for a naval combat game."
76561197970779267,Recommended,298480,12676515,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Armandeus,"This game is similar to ""Sid Meier's Pirates"" in that it is top-down ship/fleet combat and world navigation with lots of detail and many ships to play. It is easy to get engrossed in this for hours."
76561198001912496,Recommended,298480,11610271,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Herodotus,"After enjoying the limited naval battles in ""Empire Total War"", and longing to return to the halcyon days of SSI and Micrprose to replay the ""Great Naval Battles"" and ""Task Force 1942"", the game that ""Pacific Storm"" tried to be has finally arrived (not that ""PS"" had anything wrong to it - it was just rather bland in the end).What a ripper of a game is ""Victory at Sea"", taken straight from the tabletop game ""Carriers at War"". With three Campaigns that are sandbox (think ""Mount & Blade"" - you'll get it when you see it) spiced up with hit & run missions, escort duty and secret missions (sometimes supporting landing craft in invasions), yet also including Historical and Custom Scenarios (skirmish).The three Campaigns are the Atlantic, the Mediterranean and the Pacific it is up to you how to outfit your flotilla - destroyers, a wolfpack of subs or a mixed taskforce.Graphics are superb for the depth and content of the title, and while you cannot control your subsystems or damage your enemy's, you do have to watch firing arcs, lead with torpedoes, dodge incoming shells and torpedoes and decide when to send your aircraft into battle if equipped with carriers. There is nothing like pulling off a daring hit with 3 Level 2 destroyers against 4 Level 4 German or Vichy French opponents, with your final opponent sometimes choosing to surrender (no reload of a savegame plays the same either).I have spent several hours since launch today exploring the myriad of of tactics to win a campaign, from attacking patrols, defending convoys or choking off enemy ports (all ports have limited supplies until replenished). A world map, for your campaign, a Tactical Map and a Tactical view with camera follow or free this is the best naval title I've seen in ages and well worth the asking price.P.S. Support from Devs is swift and very helpful."
76561198007517111,Recommended,298480,13431190,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,mariandavid,"With the latest improvements this game has become a genuine pleasure and a decent simulation of WW2 naval warfare. The initial release while innovative had obvious weaknesses - submarines that never submerged, ships that never went in formations etc - but now there are very few obvious glitches to complain over. Now it is not, by any measure, an accurate portrayal of naval warfare - for a start ships are bought or turn up to fight that never, ever saw mutual combat. And yet in a strange way that adds to the appeal of the game since one is never sure as one plods along with one's mixed USN/RN squadron in the Pacific if you will run into Japanese, German or even French warships.Hopefully at some point the developers will offer options that rigidly define opposing forces for those who insist on veracity, but in the meantime this has become (ONLY when played at the expert level) an often nail-biting, easy to play simulation. And played at the easier levels - fun."
76561197982254701,Recommended,298480,11623139,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Cylis,"I like it! Torpedoes armed destoyers are dangerous. Crusiers with big guns make things go boom. Carriers.... ya... see historical refferance for ""Midway..""While the game is new it has a desent level of polish. I highly enjoy the 'sandbox/free roam' elemants. fleet development is nice. If I had a complaint it would be a somewhat lackluster challange. Which, by my readings of the devs comments and forums, is not likely to last long.If you ever watched ""victory at sea"" or just love classic naval warfare. get this. $25 is the cost of lunch where I live. Support people making inovative games."
,Recommended,298480,12402826,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Lil derhserw,"I really enjoyed this game it is incredibly fun to sail the pacific atlantic and mediteranian sea's as either the Americans or the British sinking the axis power of WW2.You start as captian of destroyer and you can freely sail the sea's sinking supply ships and taking over ports and as you do so you gain experiance to level up your captian to higher ranks like an admiral and earn ""warbonds"" which acts as the currency of the game and you use it to buy bigger and better ships to fight the war.Like in my Pacific campian when i finished it i had 52 ships 15 of which were carriers and 12 where battleships which was awesome in battles however you can only use a certain number of ships in each battle which means that you won't always get to use your best ships as it might be easier to just take a couple of destroyers or submarines and sink them quitely with torpedoes.As you take over ports you can enter the ports and get missions like to sink a certain ship or attack a supply convoy.However later on in the game when you have a lot of ships instead of controllling a single ship the ai seems to take over and as you sail that one ship the ai will take all of the other boats and destroy the enemy before you can obviously you can set it so you controll all of the ships so that the ai won't take over.The ai is fairly smart but at times it can make some stupid decisions like when i was trying to take the port of hong kongi was trying to use my sub to take out a couple of ships but the ai sent in my best warship the USS Kentucky (an Ohio class battleship)right into the middle of all of their cruisers battleships and carriers which was anying as it was sunk, But over than things like that the ai is really good.Another cool feature is the names of ships i know its small but i just thought it was awesome how that was in there as each name is differentAlso all of the classes of ships are all historicly accurate which is cool.i spent about 10 hours just playing the pacific campain and there are 2 others so you could easily spend 30+ hours playing this game and there also custom battles and historical battles you can playoverall i would rate this game 7/10"
76561198004686603,Recommended,298480,11644046,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Naaxelder Vane Senoj,"Update  1: Dev's are very active and engaging in the community as witnessed by the number of updates that have come into the game since launch based on player feedback.  This is a good thing:Update 2: TL;DR summary: A fun, naval action game (i.e not a sim).  Many of the AI and balance issues have been tweaked and fixed by Dev.  Not a game for those looking for deep sim experience but for those looking to watch WW2 ships blow each other out of the sea this could be the game for you!Victory at Sea is a fast paced, action oriented naval combat game.  The main campaign is split into two portions, the Strategic Map, where you move around your fleet and the battle map, where you engage in battle with enemy vessels.  As others have mentioned, this is similar to how Mount & Blade functions.During the campaigns, you start out with a single Destroyer and work your way up, earning Warbonds (Cash) by sinking enemy vessels which you then use to purchase additional ships.  There is an impressive arround of vessels available ranging from Destroyers to Carriers to Battleships.Comabt is fairly straight forward, you manuver your vessels by left clicking on the map and fire the selected weapon by right clicking.  Aiming is done manually so leading targets is required but is pretty straight forward.  Weapons include cannons, torpedo's and depth charges and each weapon on a ship has a fireing angle so manuvering your ships to gain firing positions and evading enemies attacks is required.The AI is not that great and acts in predictable patterns.  It will close range without attempting to evade and will then turn to bring the majority of it's weapons to bear.  As such it becomes rather easy to hit them.  It would be nice if the Dev's made it so the AI manuvered so to make themselves harder to hit.  This is also an issue for your own ships.  While you can manually control all your ships, as your fleet grows it becomes harder to control it all, thus giving control to the AI.The campaign seems a bit bland, but functional.  There are a variety of different fleet compositions you can come up against including convoys of various sizes, patrols, combat fleets etc and there are various missions available as well as general free-roam and the ability to capture ports.While there are alot of ships available I would have liked there to be a bit more differentiation between them, but over all, each class feels and plays different, giving you plenty of tactical options on the battlefield.In summary, Victory at Sea is a fun, fast paced and action oriented game.  The campaign is decent without being that engaging.  The combat is fun, but simple and the AI could be better.If you like naval combat but are not looking for a deep sim experience, then VaS is a good option that I would recommend."
,Recommended,298480,12657857,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,[DetyWata] FaroeNoob [SLRP],"Very good game, I've had loads of fun playing this game. You might have the largest fleet of destroyers but when you go and attack an enemy with only 2 destroyer and 2 Carriers they can ♥♥♥♥ op your entire fleet. You need a combination of every ship and then you might stand a chance aganst the good old Nazis. 10/10 would play again!"
,Recommended,298480,12464421,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Mogami76,I have 35+ hours playing this game. It is a funstrategy game that has active developers. They chose fun factor over high end grap[hics. Thats not to say they will not update them in the future. But for right now it is a very fun game for anyone that likes naval games.
,Recommended,298480,19304287,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Redrusty66,"Just awesome, Been waiting for a decent Naval game for so long and have been following the development of this game for more than a year to ensure continued Dev support.. FInally there's an option aside from som FTP crap or going back 15 years for a good Naval game. As of the newest patch (11/25/15) the Devs added some nice features and tweaks, really nice now (Yippie I get to name all my ships and captians..lol Makes it so much more personal and immersive.)But onto the game, nice graphics, very healthy selection of ships and goals to try to unlock them. Sandbox play greatly improved, missons/campaigns are very engaging. I'm loving it and looking forward to some nice Naval fantasy play. So if you like naval games and are tired of playing SIlent Service..lol Certainly grab this game and support the dev. Well worth it if you are into this genre."
76561198035231651,Recommended,298480,25138572,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,nakedcelt,"Recommended, but if you're a rivet-counting naval warfare nerd you might want to look elsewhere, as the game is fairly arcade-ish.  Very easy to pick up.Certainly more of a shelf life (and according to Steam I've wasted 32 hours of my life on this!) than - for instance - any of Totem Games' offerings.My gripes?  No interaction with land (apart from attacking or defending ports), and no real historical context or narrative."
,Recommended,298480,31941453,Posted: 24 May,all,N_Trainz,"Pure fun in this game. Like RTS ship games, this is it.However, its even more fun when its on a sale ;)"
76561198151352757,Recommended,298480,12305670,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,KronicDuty,"Had a fun time playing this game. It offers a play experience that is different than any other game I have played. There are a lot of things to complete, with three different campaigns, historical battles, and custom battles to play out. Victory at Sea also offers a very wide range of historical vessels across many classes and nationalities. Just a really enjoyable game overall."
,Recommended,298480,19956400,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,BlazeCalamity,"Important Edit: I may have mis-remembered the asking price of this product. I recall it being USD $24.99 according to TotalBiscuit's review on the same product on 12Aug, 2014, which is dated. The current asking price, HKD $148.0, translates to ~USD $20, which may be that this product has lowered its asking price or Steam being, well, Steam. The developer has also showed continuous support towards this product, which also factors towards this edit being more favorable towards the product.Short version: Victory at Sea subjectively straddles the line in terms for content versus asking price, with the deciding factor being how much you enjoy seeing WWII ships tear one another apart without being able to nitpick every inaccuracy the in-game vessel assets process.Long versionVictory At Sea, or as I like to call it, 6x speed simulator, is a light RTS game featuring...ships! (*audible gasp*) To the best of my knowledge (I played Battlestations: Pacific once, so you know my naval knowledge is certified). You start off with a puny destroyer, accumulate war bonds (sole currency of this game) to purchase bigger and better ships via taking over hostile ports and sinking roaming hostile fleets, or to recommission destroyed vessels in your fleet, cumulating (hopefully) in a full fleet of battleships, carriers, subs and whatnot. During battles, you can choose to sit back and do nothing (you casual scum), issue orders via a tactical view of the battlefield, or manually control ship(s) in a more close-up fashion.Besides 3 (albeit somewhat same-y besides the flavor) campaign (you can choose sides), the game also has custom battles and historical battles, which does exactly what it says on the tin....and that's about all there is, unfortunately.The game seems to be geared towards simplicity and accessability, with the AI, both friendly and hostile, being moderately fustrating in some situations (they, however, become more competent as they accumulate combat experience and level up). Graphics and sound design are marginally servicable, especially aggrovating is the lack of puncture behind the sound and effects of a battleship firing its main cannons. Game depth is comparable to that of a peddling pool, with a rather skewed grinding curve and somewhat unexpectedly punishing consequences for losing vessels (any damage substained will be repaired for free upon visiting a friendly port, but a fee has to be paid to recommission a destroyed vessel, which somewhat prohibits experimentation and effectively locking you into a spiral if you lose too many ships in a rapid fashion). The skewed part comes into play by over-offseting the ""death punishment"" with most of the roaming enemy fleets being overly easy (end-game, you can easily accumulate, say, 5 Iowa Battleships and 8 Essex Carriers, while most of the enemy fleets will still be 4 vessels at most, each often no heavier than a cruiser). In other words, the game has a serious pacing problem, with the game over-rewarding skill and over-punishing mistakes.The game also lacks some features that I would love to see implemented, namely vessel descriptions, vessel upgrading and customisation, capturing vessels (currently you get a new vessel whenever you accumulate sufficient XP from killing hostiles, I'd love to see the ability to capture crippled/surrendered vessels), and maybe even the ability to build your own vessel from the ground up (say, Yamato's cannons on an Iowa hull).All in all, Victory at Sea is a somewhat pricy game for what it provide, but then again you don't really get one of these that often, so you may find it easy to let slide some of its aforementioned flaws."
76561198007622141,Recommended,298480,14510150,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,fat4eyes,"tl/dr: Diamond in the rough, but still a good WW2 naval combat game.I've been looking for a good modern naval combat game for a while but unfortunately a lot of them were not very good.  I've had to content myself with the naval battles in the Total War series for a long, long time, and even those were pretty limited. Fortunately that time has ended and there's finally a naval game that's got sea legs.Victory at Sea is a well executed game on one of the best eras of naval combat, WW2. You get the standard cruisers and battleships with their booming big guns. Quick but fragile destroyers that can cripple even the largest ships with a spread of torpedoes, but could be blown apart by a single salvo from a battleship. Submarines that lurk in the depths and can torpedo battleships with impunity, but are sitting ducks against destroyers with depth charges. And the new king of the ocean, the aircraft carrier which can sink any ship well beyond the range of even the biggest guns, but are no better than a lightly armed cargo ship when all their strike planes are shot down. Victory at Sea has all these and presents them in a way that is fun and easy to get into, but can get surprisingly deep as you confront larger and larger enemy fleets.The core of the game is ship to ship combat, where you can control a fleet of up to 20 ships against an AI controlled enemy fleet. The battles are also pausable, so you can take a look at how the battle is progressing, and change the fleet's orders while the game is paused. You can give individual ships orders to attack a particular target, you can group up a number of ships and give them orders and watch your fleet duke it out with the enemy. And best of all, you can get manual control over a ship yourself, controlling its speed and heading as well as its weapon systems.Manual control is where the game comes to its own. Its not just a matter of pointing at an enemy ship and seeing your gun batteries pummel it to oblivion. To be the most effective you need to manually tell the guns where to shoot, which means firing at the empty water ahead of the enemy ship to make sure the shells you fire actually hit the ship as the shells come back down to sea level. This applies to torpedoes as well. Taking this further, you can take manual control of the lead ship in formation, and lead the line of battle, The game is at its best when you are leading a line of cruisers and battleships across the T of a superior enemy fleet, trying to maneuver so you can bring the most guns to bear on the enemy while minimizing the amount of return fire that the enemy can give, and dodging enemy torpedoes all the while. There's a great feeling of satisfaction when you take down a fleet twice your size with adept maneuvering and accurate gunnery.Aircraft carriers though, change the game completely. As in real life, once you and the enemy both field aircraft carriers every other ship becomes either a screen or an escort as you send your planes off to sink the enemy's most valuable ships. They do however have a weakness: once their planes are taken out (either by your own fighters or by concentrated AA fire) they become no better than lightly armed fast cargo ships, and can be gunned down by your battleships and cruisers with impunity. Aircraft are very very fragile as well, so you can't just send a flight of dive and torpedo bombers into the thick of an enemy formation and expect many of them to come back. Carrier battles become a game of eliminating the enemy's planes, then sending your own planes out to take out as many ships as possible, and then finally sending out the rest of the fleet to mop up whatever is left. This makes carrier battles less fun, as you spend most of the time looking at the tactical map and making sure your carriers stay out of range of enemy guns and remain properly screened.I can't blame the game much for that though, as carriers did change naval warfare in real life in the same way, making naval battles less about crossing the T and more about plotting flight paths for the strike aircraft. I just wish that there was more depth to carrier battles, like allowing you to change your plane's targets and waypoints once they are sent out, which would allow you to do a feint in one direction while sending in the real attack from another direction.What the game is not, though, is a hardcore sim. There are no looking at temperature gauges to look for thermal layers, there's no damage control or manually plotting torpedo depth, spread and targeting solutions, or manually setting artillery facing and elevation. The engagement distances are also way, way too close for actual carrier combat (though that may be for the best). The combat is point and click, but is done in a way that is sufficiently deep that tactical considerations in real life (crossing the T, screening the carriers) still matter. The game is closer to Total War's naval battles than it is to Fleet Command.The game, however, still has its rough edges. The UI can be a bit inconsistent and unintuitive, being more similar to simpler console-style games than a full blown PC RTS, though it seems to be getting better as the game is patched. The menus in the campaign are definitely this way, which huge font sizes and ship lists that go from left to right instead of top-down, forcing you to click the left/right buttons or manually use the horizontal scroll bar instead of just having vertically scrolling lists that have both the advantage of displaying more ships and working intuitively with the scroll wheel. The game's frame rate also seems to be a lot lower than it should be, given the quality of its graphics. The graphics themselves are competent, but not eye-popping, with the odd ship model-reuse here and there. They are, however, much better than staring at map screens that you usually end up with when playing more realistic naval combat games. The enemy AI can also be a bit weak, sometimes sending its ships to you piecemeal instead of attacking in formation, and at other times their destroyers stay in formation with much slower ships for no reason, making them a lot easier to kill. The game is still getting patches though, and is still getting better so hopefully these rough edges will be polished off as time goes by.Victory at Sea is a competently made game about WW2 naval combat, presenting the tactical rock-paper-scissors of battleships-carriers-destroyers/submarines in a way that is fun and easy to get into, but can get surprisingly (and realistically) deep once the difficulty ramps up. It has its rough edges but they are being polished off as the game is patched. In any case the core gameplay is sufficiently engaging to make it worth it despite its shortcomings. If you’ve been looking for a good non-sim modern naval combat game, Victory at Sea might just be the game for you."
76561198017796978,Recommended,298480,16776773,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Angry Honeybadger,"Pretty fun game once you got the hang of it.The models dont look very detailed, but on the plus side there are quite a few ship to choose from (with different looks, different weopon configurations, speeds etc.) to build your own fleet.In the beginning the battles can be challenging, but after a few hours of playing you just tend to spam the ememy with torpedo-planes and submarines to take out the battleships from the distance - would really be awesome if the AI would balance the battles better in the late game stages."
76561198008366417,Recommended,298480,11773357,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,obowo78,"I really do enjoy this game and I have not read anyone elses comments. So that being said, I did not like how the computer can have its whole fleet while I am limited to 10. 120+ enemy ships causes some lag.. I have been waiting for a game like this for awhile and I am not displeased, I've enjoyed it.Now  I do hope you get the money for upgraded game engine for better graphics. I would enjoy being able to zoom in and seeing crew manning guns and what not as with total war naval battles. I would like being able to angle the camera view up and down as well. You could maybe increase the lvl of the ships that would increase crew skills. I am not sure if that is already in as it seemed my lvl 1 ship faired about the same as my lvl 10. Overall awesome game!"
76561198052367124,Recommended,298480,11625400,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,rapidskies,"I don't usually sit down to write reviews but figured I would for this game as it is a really great naval battle game.  Victory at sea lets you play as UK or US in campaign and there are tons of ships to choose from.  The things I like the most about Victory at sea:Nice tactical naval battle simulator not to hardcore or lightweight just right.Many ships to choose from with nice artwork for the ships.Manually controlling ships has an effect on the outcome which is nice to feel like you are in the battleYou build a huge fleet up and get to pick what ships are in it, do you go battleship heavy or cruiser heavy? Its up to you!Feels like you are making progress in the game with warbonds and your captains rank increasingThe battles seem pretty good as I am usually evenly gunned with the AI and so giving the orders to ships to focus fire on that annoying Cruiser or Aircraft carrier is great!Great game that fills that naval battle niche that has been missing for awhile!Things that could use improvement:Being able to play as Axis in large campaignI hope DLC is free because the price is a little high so would be great to see Axis and  DLC for free.Some AI, Graphic, and bug tweaks (hey its a new game I haven't had any issues with it though).I would like to see you be able to carry over a reward for beating the campaign like a flagship that gets better as you beat it,more, kinda like that old ssi game.multiplayer (I don't care about this but some might I like singleplayer games)Tips for those having problems with fighting subs with destroyers, just go around the sub and come up from behind, I do this and don't have many problems of course the area has been cleared of cruisers and other big ships first.Also use the way points or slow the speed of your lower hit point ships so they don't get wasted by an enemy battleship. I usually send in cruisers and a battleship and then let the destroyers arrive to clean up subs, cargo ships.Use the pause and manual control if you are in a tough battle.  You can win alot of battles if you take control of your cruisers and focus fire as needed and face your ships at the right angle to fire all your guns.All in all a great game!  I've been wanting a naval battle game just like this and hopefully with an Axis expansion and a few tweaks this will be a perfect game! I have played a TON of games over the years and this is a great naval war game I've been wanting to play for quite awhile!  Good job to the devs!"
76561198084092787,Recommended,298480,12579380,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,ussguozhongyuan,"Nice naval game. It's almost the best naval game I've play so far!It would be far better to add formation concipt to this game. It doesn't have to be compliacte. Just add a line formation for surface battle and a circle one for carrier battle.While in formation, each ship is moving in the same speed. If it's ok to add a group selection fuction and ""Ctrl+#"" function, commanding a large fleet will be a lot smoother than now. Right now a large scale battle is like a total dog fight, not a battle between two fleets.Second one. Can you add an option of ""manual fire"" in addition to ""manual control""? In come cases, I just want the computer doing the shoot for me while I was manuvering the ships (Right now they don't fight like a ""fleet""!)."
,Recommended,298480,16521210,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,[TW][BAHA]Alane,"A good game,not a excellent gameBut...this is the game I expectA WW2 naval gameafter abut 2 week of playingI complete my mod for beter playJAPAN SHIP MOD (日本船追加&漢字化MOD)http://steamcommunity.com/app/298480/discussions/0/598198356194509728/"
76561198019755430,Recommended,298480,11620540,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Joeja,"Its a fun game and a good time spender.However, you cant be axis.. <-- makes me sadThere is also no multiplayer.. <-- makes me more sadIts a good game where you can enjoy youreself for hours, but at a point im sure its gone get repetetive."
,Recommended,298480,11882722,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,VogeleR,"This is pretty good mix of Arcade-Shooter-RTS with naval inspired content.Where you can findAdequate Stone-Scissor-Paper Scheme with different but still useful ships* in variety of circumstances.Completely destructible ship scheme from AA defence to Breach hull. You could cripple ship and draw fire on another opponent or mix your tactics as you wish. But actually this have much more sense on larger ships.Shooter game like WoT (or most probably WoW) but still without MP.Strategy where experience of ships commanders are essential for AI reaction.Historical battles are really challenges and go for it if you wish some difficulties to overcome.Free roaming campaign where nobody will lead you by the hand.But where you can not findMultiplayerComprehensive simulation of the naval battle line like Jutland from Storm Eagle Studios*Torpedo boatare almost invulnerable for main artillery weapon of all ships due to its size and speed but easy to kill by conventional machine guns from short distance.Destroyersare indispensable class against sub due to specific weaponry and good speed and maneuvering.Corvetteare the best against sub (hedgehog weapon allow attack subs even in front) - you could entrust it AI to overcome submarines.Cruisersfleet much more versatile in terms of armor-speed-weaponry and equally bad in all compared to all other classes.Battlecruisercould be carrier killer due perfect speed and range but costly almost as some ofBattleshipswhich are really ships you need to fear especially if you still have not  air carriers.Carriersare ""sea artillery"": it's unpunished sea killer but you can still find counter measures. And if you lack of on-water power - you can catch opponent bysubs."
76561198084571901,Recommended,298480,13517378,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Marty Monster,"Awesome game, if you love battleships or a navel history buff this game is definitely for you, you can have classic battles like HMS Hood vs Bismarck, just awesome to reenact the great sea battles of ww11"
,Recommended,298480,14377121,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,ComradeWinston,"More of a glorified iPhone game than a PC game, especially compared to games like Battlestations Pacific, its only really worth getting your hands on if you have a much neglected itch for propper WW2 naval combat. Everything from tiny PT Boats and submarines to the Yamato and Yorktown are included in this game."
,Recommended,298480,29553804,Posted: 28 January,all,bbglop,Plays as a Kriegsmarine Captain:-> should I stay true toMEIN VATERLANDand turn on'limit ship to own nationality'?-> wait are those 18 in guns?!??!-> imports a fleet Japanese Yamatos and steamrolls the Atlantic11/10 would abandon German engineering and embrace glorious Nippon steelru again
76561198022296391,Not Recommended,298480,12613618,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,MacAttack,"This game is too simple to recommend.  No skill needed.  No thought needed.  Just point where you want your ships to go, and fire when your in range.  This game shouldnt even be sold as a PC game.   It held my interest for about 2 hours of playing.  Better off trying something else."
76561198038462492,Recommended,298480,17472133,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,ColdMeat247,"WELCOME TO BATTLESHIP PINBALLFriendly ships hitting each other nose to nose for 24h (campaign map time), will make you fail campaign missions.Decent graphics, easy controls and nice gameplay. The campaigns are sandboxes with missions (Escort, Attack, Rescue..) and you can buy ships, customize your fleet and get experience (just for medals, no skill tree)I really enjoyed the battles but the friendly AI ships don't keep formations and move like headless chickens once the shooting starts. Manually controlling an armada is a bit of a pain.6.5/10 Get this title during a sale."
,Recommended,298480,11629717,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,bucko574,"{6.0/10} After only a handful of hours with this game, I've developed a love/hate relationship with it.  First, I was pretty excited to have and play a fairly simple sea-based warship game.  In that respect, I think this game really delivers.  Gameplay is easy, there are tons of types of ships to choose from, all in all not so bad.  The hate part of the relationship though, almost starts to outweigh the good of this game.  I've had several crashes so far that all seem to occur after you win a battle, which are really more annoying than anything else because the game autosaves right before you get into a battle.  Also, more than a few times while in the battle mode, the screen would flicker black continuously almost like my display or power cords were coming loose from my monitor, which I assure you wasn't the case.  Finally, more of a note to the developers, but the frequency in which the enemy tries to retake the ports from you is a bit ridiculous.  It gets to the point where I can't leave a certain area and try to continue the game because I have to sail clear across the damn world to try and save a port.  Meanwhile, I've got like 4 or 5 friendly fleets just chilling right next to the port that is under attack, but I had to sail 10,000 miles to come save it?  I give the game a 6.0 so far.  Lots of replayability, but quite a few bugs still need to be worked out."
76561198004729621,Recommended,298480,11677759,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Tigdam,"Honestly love this game, there are so few naval combat games out there like this, very stable from what i've played. I've read through all the negatives and honestly most have a different expectation of what this game was suppost to be. From what i've played of this game it wasn't suppost to be a really deep real tiem stratady simulatior. It was suppost to be a casural fun game with a bit of stratagy and planning mixed in. What we got was a well crafted, arcady, action naval sim with fun fluid gameplay. There are always a few issues here, sometimes the ai can be a little easy, can't aways see were you've hit, camera honestly Really hard to manage/awquard at times but I would recomend this game to anyone who just wants to sit down and sink some ships. It's solid, entertaining but still has enough to keep you on your toes. This so easily could have been another run of the mill real time stratagy with lots of micromanagement and nickpickyness but instead we got a masterpiece a Fun, fluid, exiting, casural but that sill provides even seasoned stratgy action gamers with occasional real challange to keep you from getting too big headed. Game just came out and already wanting a sequil!"
76561198031754728,Recommended,298480,30415348,Posted: 9 March,all,wolfstanbjord,"Good game, one of the ways I judge a game is by the dollars to hours entertainment value. Where I take the cost of the game and divide by the hours I have played. The very best end up in the cents to hour category, but any game that gets below a dollar an hour I consider money well spent. As of update 1.4 I find the end game flat like many reviewers, once you have a super fleet there is very little that can challenge you. There are some good rebalancing historical mods out there and they are a must after you smash through your first campaign. Graphically the game is rather average with some of the ships having the wrong design from a historical perspective, Yes I am looking at you Brooklyn class light cruiser! The AI is rather flat never adapting but doing the same things over and over, always seeming to be a step behind you. Still there is something great when you have a half hour and you load your campaign up, take your 4 Yamato class battleships and pound an enemy fleet to smithereens. If you are looking for a fun diversion its a good deal for 25 bucks."
,Recommended,298480,12953861,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,GDL,"It's good, until after the first few hours, then it's just the same. Nothing new, just bigger and more range.Overall, good game, but get it in a sale for very cheep."
76561198112981059,Recommended,298480,12784994,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,choglit,a little overpriced but a good game that i like playing.
,Recommended,298480,17058730,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,grilled anchovy,"It's like Kancolle but without ♥♥♥♥♥ boats, resource management and rng. Please hire me IGN, I'm really good at writing reviews."
76561198177724395,Recommended,298480,28728637,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,The Great Skookeroo,"When I was activly into this game it was tough to put down.  It's one of those ""one more battle and I'll go to bed / whatever you have to get done"" and an hour goes by but you're still playing.  Your fleet gradually expands/upgrades as you grind money from sinking enemy ships travelling about the map.  The campaings are thus very free-roam and at your own pace, since you choose your targets and can tackle side-quests.Only thing is, I wouldn't recommend at the full $20 (the price might have gone down by now but I haven't checked), I didn't find it THAT amazing (it's not a super sophisitcaed naval combat game like the BATTLESTATIONS franchise or anything like that, simple vehicle models too).  I recommend if you can get it on sale, even just a few dollars off, and if you're into naval combat gaming/naval strategy.  You can zoom in on the battle after setting up your fleet's battle formation for each engagment, changing the view from a top down to the blue grid to a 3d view of the battle, where your camera can track a specific ship or free roam.  All units including planes are commanded by point and click; when you take control of a ship you can aim its weapons instead of the AI.I would describe the combat more as a live-time battleship boardgame match where you see the enemies ships rather than say a BATTLESTATIONS game or war thunder; this game is more simplistic and strategy based.  Singleplayer only, no mutiplayer.  One last complaint is the ships are VERY short range, it's not emphaisized on realism where ships engage from miles away.  It's more like a few hundred feet.  I recommened if you're either REALLY into naval games, or you Like naval combat And you can get it on sale."
,Recommended,298480,11794100,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Foxy,"Its fun but very easy! I think it would help if ships where lost completely once destroyed but, to balance it out so it won´t get too hard because of that you should get much more money for destroying enemies and finishing missions.That way it would feel like you realy lost something when one of your ships sinks...I didn´t realy play much (only 4.5 hrs so far) but already I have 2 Carriers and 1 Battleship in my fleet... if I was able to loose ships if they get blown up I would not be so far in such a short time.Still I recommend this game because it is fun and uniqe and I realy hope there will be a mod or update that allows you to only play 1 ship wich you have to select from your fleet and every other ship will be manned by different AI captains who can get better or worse with rank etc. and also have individual ranks to realy make this game realistic. I don´t like the ""hopping from ship to ship"" system that is in right now it will cause many mistakes on your part and fleets usually arent commanded by one person micromanaging every ship.... so just give me controll of 1 ship and a 1st person perspective while you make the ai of the other ships in the fleet smarter and I will be your biggest fan forever! :D"
,Recommended,298480,13319825,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,[TDC] Ainadene,Great naval game. I really hope that they come out with a co-op campaign.
,Recommended,298480,13076828,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Eeroth(FIN),This game is like Mount & Blade game. So it is working like same way. You build your fleet move it on big map around and then when you engage enemy you will then get tactical view and start fighting there in rts mode.This is really awesome game. I truely recommend it. Developers are really great and they take players feedback.Game is developing all the time which is actually good thing. Patches gives game new features and stuff and not only bug fixes.This game is awesome naval game with really hard to actually find anything against it. Maybe one would be that it is too easy at the moment but there is coming fix as I am writing this so that really can't be said as real problem.Maybe some people find it bad that this game has no multiplayer and graphics are not top notch.Still I don't myself find any problem from them.
,Recommended,298480,13374197,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,TG929,"First of all, this game is certainly a promising one. Maybe it does not have Silent Hunter grade ship models (the game would be nearly perfect if it does). This however, is a good news for those of us who run low end machines.However, there are still many shortcomings in this game that need attention.First of all, aviation still need a lot of refinement. Escort carriers should carry only F4F wildcat. Only bigger, later carriers, such as Essex class, should have access to F6F Hellcat. Early fleet carriers such as Yorktown can retain F4F, though.In this game, British carrier borne fighters are too weak in this game. They cannot even beat German fighters.Royal Nay FAA's pilots in ww2 were not known for such poor performance when they were fighting against Luftwaffe's Bf-109s.Here's a little suggestion on how to manage fighters:All of them goes to two tiers. Any two types of fighters in same tier should be capable of fighting one another with 1:1 kill to lose ratioAny tier two fighters should achieve 2:1 k/d ratio against any tier one fighters, thus making the task of balancing easier.Tier one: Bf-109T, F4F Wildcat/Martlet, A6M2, FulmarTier two:F6F Hellcat, A6M5(A7M did not enter service),Supermarine Seafire (forgive me but I cannot think of any German late war carrier borne fighters)Of course, the k/d ratio does not have to be that strict, but it have to give players an idea of how a carrier's fighters will perform against enemies.Needless to say, early fleet carriers, light carriers, and escort carriers should get tier one fighters while later and bigger fleet carriers gets tier two.Even if game engine restriction means that you can only launch 6 fighters at one time, you should have a mechanism to replace lost ones from your hanger, until there are no more fighters left in your hanger. The total number of fighters and bombers should be based on historical datas.About France. During the war, France actually had a carrier, Béarn. If that unfinished Zipperin could be in game, there's no reason to keep France's perfectly operational Béarn out of this game (despite the fact that it did not see much actions).Italy had a plan to convert cargo ships into carriers, perhaps they too, need a ""something is better than nothing"" escort carrier..."
76561197990974205,Recommended,298480,13083767,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,one9Delta,great game if you like naval warfare ww2
76561198007762946,Recommended,298480,13399046,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Sgt. Butsch,"NOTE: I only recommend this game as amusing distraction. The SSI games Great Naval Battles and Figthing Steel made in the late 90's were head and shoulders above this game in a historical context. That said, this is an enjoyable naval combat game, if you can look beyond having unlimited ammuntion, unlimited torpedo reloads, unlimited fuel, or having 20 ships of any type in your fleet even if they are all Hood or Bismark class ships. Oh and you  can have them at any time point in the war as long as you have enough xp to open up their build option. (I did enjoy having 4 Shokaku class CV's in my fleet, but perhaps some limitation is needed?)There are some glaring issues, like carrier aircraft that attack just as well at night, in the rain, as they do on a sunny day and Subs that cannot dive below periscope depth. Attacking bases is over simplified as well, no costal defenses, no minefields, no defending aircraft, (unless a carrier is present) even at the biggest bases level 10.It is actually funny when you realize your 32 knot cruiser is barely able to out pace your landing craft. Fastest landing craft I have ever seen.All that said, this is still a fun game that will keep you entertained for for many hours. It would be much better if the devs would add different accuracy level options.NOTE: Some of the early issues have been repaired, since I wrote this review. There is an option now for no night flying and subs can now dive deep. Bravo to the Devs that keep improving this game."
,Recommended,298480,11673561,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Mikado,"Alot of fun to play if you like WW2 Naval warfare games!  I am looking forward to the game building and building into a more improved and defined product over time.The game is quite addictive and definitely scratches that naval warfare ich!Plenty of room to improve/expand/increase the depth of a solid running game so far!!I hardly came across any game crashing bugs too which is a real bonus for a newly released game!!  The one that did crash the game for me between 17 hours of solid play got fixed today! The Devs are on the ball and pop into the forums for a chat too which is nice to see!The graphics are a bit dated, though most likely not yet optimised I'm guessing?  Definitely a great time waster with its roots deep into table top naval warfare games.Has that ""just one more turn feel"" for a RTS that will keep you up into the wee hours growing a beard and shouting ""Damn the torpedoes full speed ahead!""So a good sea worthy 7.5/10 from me with potential to grow into a 9/10 or 10/10 game as more development is placed into it for the future!"
,Recommended,298480,11619779,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,RagingTeaPot,"The AI is not very smart, the play is fairly repetitive, no narritive, no muiltplayer, limited detail but it's extremely fun and addictive. So many battleships to take into glorious combat, the control model is simple and easy to understand and generally it's a pretty good game, I've already put 4 hours in since buying it about 6 hours ago.On the AI, even though it's not smart this is balanced out by the fact that your own ships AI is pretty dumb as well, so if you decide to only control your most powerful ship in battles then it's likely your other ships will do something stupid and get wasted. However, if you want to control all of your ships, which requires a combination of pausing, planning and executing a chain of commands, then you don't need to worry about your own AI. When your fleet get's above 5 ships your pretty much going to have to rely on AI to control some of your ships. So the AI balances itself out.Hopefully the next version will have multiplayer, more detailed maps and better graphics, but for now, this is a good game, worth a 20."
,Not Recommended,298480,16775496,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Thy Reaper,"This game provides basic, fun naval combat. However, several parts of the game work against each other that sours the experience.Victory At Sea wants you to pit fleets of ships against one another, but actually doing so begins to bring out one of the game's major failings. The Ship AI is competent in small fleets, but unreliable in large ones. When you are least able to manage all the ships in your fleet in real time, you'll find ships making bad decisions - choosing poor targets, navigating into torpedoes, closing distance needlessly - which means you'll need to micro every ship in hyper slowmode just to avoid losing vessels in safe engagements.The game features an impressively wide variety of vessels, each one having a distinct appearance. However, there are comparatively few gameplay differences. The majority of vessels in a single class are often the same price, and have the same stats and loadout (+/- one torpedo, turret, etc). If there are more differences, it's not apparent or displayed.Although there isn't too much in history to work with, the few types of weapons in the game are also very similar. Since this occupies your entire gameplay, this becomes very apparent. There are small (secondary) turrets and larger turrets with varying shell caliber and barrel counts, but every projectile gun fires an identical-looking single projectile. All torpedoes seem identical. The only anti-sub weapons are depth charges.On the plus side, aircraft carriers have a lot more variety, with each having a different sets and types of fighters, bombers, torpedo bombers, and observation craft, as well as normal shipboard weapons.Unfortunately, the game also has serious control issues. Feedback for many common interactions is often absent, leading to uncertainty about whether a click had an effect. Combine this with an interface that lends itself to misclicks, erroneous orders can be given with no way to quickly notice. Some orders, especially in the tactical screen, are buggy either in function or display, making it nearly impossible to know exactly what your ships are doing or will be doing."
,Not Recommended,298480,16512501,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Handsome Ralph,"Bought Victory at Sea, spent 20 minutes playing it and decided that it just wasn't worth the 6 bucks I paid for it.Long story short,-Plays like Sid Meier's Pirates, except really really bland, and it's only naval combat.-Very simplistic gameplay. I mean I wasn't looking for a grognard naval warfare game, but this was literally an even more dumbed down version of Total War's naval battles. I mean if it was that but with WWII ships, I'd likely have kept it.-No real strategic gameplay or customization of your ships. That would have made the game a lot more fun.-UI and camera interface was a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥(can't pan and zoom easily, nor is there sensitivity control for the mouse).Shame too, because I love this kind of stuff but it just wasn't what I was looking for. Maybe someone will mod the hell out of it. It did have mod support at least."
76561198006601941,Recommended,298480,17749560,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,LifeReapr,"This game was actually pretty fun, Sadly I finished the US campaign in a mere 3 hours. Upcoming modding support is a plus and it is a great game overall. No real complaint besides the campaign being shorter than expected."
76561197992461223,Recommended,298480,11978297,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,hags,"Arcade-like version of ""Fighting Steel(1999)"", with graphics upgrade.  Not much strategy, but very playable.  Good buy for the price!"
76561198030765430,Recommended,298480,11813354,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,bruce63440,I have had a blast with this game!!!!!  :)
,Recommended,298480,11815983,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Chapter Master Blivercon,This game is awesome.I liked everything about this game.
76561197994729886,Recommended,298480,11816197,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,AiDec,"Great! I enjoy this game pretty much :) Maybe it isn`t worth 20$, more like 10$, but anyway this game is worth playing :)"
76561198006714236,Recommended,298480,11737787,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,ozkat (VegasOZ),"Victory at Sea is a very entertaining WW II naval battle game. The focus in mainly on Surface Combat. It is fun, it is very attractive to watch. It runs very well on a modest hardware rig and on a Laptop with a modest Graphics card. It is not highly historically accurate in some of the details. As a dramatization of WW II naval actions it is very good.The campaign is fun and mostly a Game play offering. It does not make pretense as to being strictly historical.I recommend this game for the price.It fills the gap for WW II Naval Surface Combat on today's systems."
,Recommended,298480,11755749,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,random,A great game and Im glad I bought it. Its good have a large range of ships from all sides. Shame the vessels are not more detailed such as damage inflicted. The game does crash at times when going into dock which is annoying when you have to restart a battle. But overall its kept me busy and still enjoying the game.
76561198038784630,Recommended,298480,12270255,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,elektrik,"Plays a lot like the table top version, just in real time. Big thumbs up so far!"
76561198054269797,Recommended,298480,12989910,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,CK530,Awesome game with top notch developers!
76561197997397719,Recommended,298480,13067756,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Izzy,Pretty decent game! I just started but it has a Navy Battlefield feel to it!
76561198007789836,Recommended,298480,28547554,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,mjones333,"A really excellent game system that combines a strategic and tactical approach to World War Two with the opportunity to fight with the great ships of the navies. Excellent interaction, with tactical choices that bring about victory. Lots of hypothetical fleet actions that make this an absolute keeper. Don't miss it!  Outstanding interface and enough historical accuracy and weaponry to keep even grognards entertained."
76561198002017380,Recommended,298480,17013759,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,AcidicPaper,A very good game for a relatively low price. Graphics are not something that are 'beautiful' but this is more or less outweighed by the scale of stuff you are able to do in game. 8/10
,Recommended,298480,17532130,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Hypnopaedia,"While this game is certainly not a real simulation, it is a ton of fun. Great arcadey ship to ship battles, many ship choices and varied tasks all make this a great game."
,Recommended,298480,17351788,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,hihi,"I've been looking for a while for a good naval shoot and this really does hit the spot. It's not perfect and won't win any beauty contest but it's core is pretty solid. My only complaint its there isn't much meat, once you get a decent fleet the you pretty much just watch as battles unfold. Then it's really just attacking ports over and over. It is a fun adventure the first few hours as you maneuver to avoid torpedoes and shells while trying to out smart the enemy with your own. After that it becomes kind of a chore.I would still recommend for those who love naval battles, wanted to find a ship to ship combat game, or command large navel fleets."
76561197970309321,Recommended,298480,17590991,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Zipit!,"This is a very fun game. It is simple, streamlined and the graphics are nothing to write home about, but it is a very focused design that perfectly (if somewhat abstractly) captures the essence of WW2 naval combat. If you are an enthusiast of this period you will enjoy this game - as will anyone who enjoys sci-fi space battle games which draw their inspiration from 20th century naval tactics (Star Trek in particular). This game will show you why big guns and tight turns matter... as well as the power and fear of torpedo runs!"
76561197993477115,Recommended,298480,17596131,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,SaxonRaider,"Sure the graphics arent too amazing, but adequate, satifying boom sounds of shells hitting hulls, other than that, sound is mediocre, however the game itself is addictive, and the campaigns are across a whole theatre, and you can engage whatever you like, and build up a big fleet with the warbonds you earn. 4 nations to play, each with their own types of ships. Overall, as a game goes i would give it 7.5/10, the improvements i feel could be made in more ship types being added, Italy being added as playable, and the graphics and sound improving a bit more, other than that im satisfied. Its a worthy buy if you hunger for some navy fleet battling. Its no Sim, Arcady. But still good fun. And has some nice features like formations, and aircraft carrier usage."
76561198002124711,Recommended,298480,11616108,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,SundiataWTF,"Great fun with responsive developers. I think this game can be really great with a little tweaking.If you're looking for a grognard simulator, look elsewhere. The combat is abstracted and there are some missing tactical functions, like formations and scouting. But if you can look past that this game promises fun campaigns, historical battles and a sandbox mode, where you can learn which tactics work best."
,Recommended,298480,12363270,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Rancho Bob,"Cheap,  fairly easy to play, tactical, and entertaining.     AND NO BORING LONG CUTSCENES!"
76561198096438031,Recommended,298480,15194704,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,stormfury1366,"One of the most interseting games i have played in a long time.only problem is ,i would like to play the italians in the med."
76561198041156939,Recommended,298480,15763246,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Travis,"This game are great for player who want to play a navel WW2 fleet, can command single to more of destoryer to battleship (aircraft carriers on based of ww2) I think $25 is worthy money to buy. You can be ranks Captain to Fleet Admiral, but there isn't lower rank sure as Lieutenant to commander (I'm told this rank can command small ship at least) and based of war money boud gave you if you destory enemies while stay alive (at least one ship, if no ship, game over) It's had sort of sandbox as well.Downside is that not lot of fan support, not lot of hints, it's seem very small world, so few fan, even forum in steam, but there is no fourm beside of steam forum, not even offical. I don't understand why this game is so good and fun yet not much support of fan for hints, tips, all that, I been seached for tips/hints, didn't tell detail destoryers class vs other destoyers class.But this game is worthy it, but I hope patch 1.4 might gave like custom Portaits and rename ship/fleet, but other than that, Game is great, better and more fun than AAA class of PC Game, but warning there is not much talking about or fansite of hints, seem you are on your own to discover what is work and what is not work. so go on."
76561197978715120,Recommended,298480,12665799,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,skiiwa,Played for almost 10 hrs straight when I first got it...They must be doing something right!
76561198006243109,Recommended,298480,14904722,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Ronin75,"Not the most indepth or graphically outstanding naval simulation, but given the rare titles in this genre, Victory at Sea is in my opinion worth the buy. A unique mix of campaign mode, similar to Mount & Blade (although much more bland and simpler) with some intense naval RTS/tactical action. There is still a lot of room for improvement, especially on the campaign side of things. But it is a unique title with some intersting ideas. Currently I would give it a 7 out of 10."
76561197983452955,Recommended,298480,12596502,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,ELMO,What a lovely piece of work in progress. I've been impressed with what the devs have put together. This is very playable as it is with an obviously hard working group of Dev's constantly polishing and making tweeks. If you're into naval combat you will enjoy this little gem. The price is right and the game sweet. This is the Battleship done right.
76561198092405853,Recommended,298480,18061081,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Steve 444,Love it. Great all the way around.
76561198150315255,Recommended,298480,19242825,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,KoolKat,"Buy this game when it's on sale.  I wanted a naval war game, got this one and was bored quickly.   It is fun, in a don't have anything better to do kind of way so I'm not going to say that it's bad.  I read the reviews before I got it on sale and people said about the same thing.A game called Steel Ocean just came out this month and is like Victory but way better, has a more upbeat time frame  when you want to blow things up and has better explosions.Oh and it's free."
,Recommended,298480,14641388,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Lord Reefer,"This game was everything I was hoping for and more. The UI is both very simple and powerful. The game gives you a grand array of choice, both in ships, factions and campaigns. The campaigns are fully dynamic, in the spirit of Mount and Blade, and fully replayable. It has random events and elements you would expect from a roguelike. There is no annoying narrative or forced choices, you're more of a pirate than a naval officer. The game runs smoothly, takes up little space and does not crash. From what I have seen, the developer heavily supports this game post launch. It is over all a very well put together experience.This being said, there are many things this game could improve on. First of all, the audio design is the worst I've heard in a while. This is very detrimental to the atmosphere in this game. The ships make silly noises, a la Willhelm Scream, when they sink. All the guns have the same 3 or 4 loops. The impacts of all weapons sound the same. This being said, the 2d and the FX are only slightly better. Namely, the charachter faces and shell FX.For some reason, I can't edit the names of my Captains or ships. Something I got used to in these types of games. There is also no ship customization. However, the sheer number of different ships partially fills this role.The Campaign could use a bit more bells and whistles. Such as larger number of mission types, enemy formations, etc.Kudos to the Devs, hope to see a Soviet Navy soon!"
,Recommended,298480,15466270,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Albion,"Very good game until you get all the ships you want and then it falls a little flat. The ships need to have more individual identity, and different missions need to be considered. But I do like this and it`s worth the money and time. Of course once you`ve achieved all you want with one faction, there are others to play."
76561198150486840,Recommended,298480,15136842,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,HiPolymer,"Quite addicting,Accurate to the design but needs more good graphics"
76561198109525009,Recommended,298480,13615531,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,BigDog,Great game. I like the control of the fleet while in attach mode. Lots of action!
76561198007508904,Recommended,298480,13779140,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Confederate,"I find Victory at Sea a fun game for anyone who likes strategy.  The campaign begins quite challenging, because you only have one destroyer and you have to be careful.  Discretion is the better part of valor in the early stage of the game, at least until you have a small flotilla of warships.  There are three maps to play on:  Atlantic, Mediterranean, and Pacific.  Each map has historic factions to choose from.  The campaigns are fun and the random missions received at ports add some flexibility to the game-play.However, there are a couple things I must address:First, the visual aspect of the game is very disappointing.  The models look like they were made by an amateur with no 3D modeling experience.Second, there are some annoying bugs that I hope will be fixed.  When a mission tasks the player with hunting an enemy ship or convoy, half of the time said convoy is very far away and is impossible to engage, and these missions end in default failure.  Another annoying bug is the fact that upon entering port there is a moment of “loading.”  This loading goes far too long, especially on a high-end system.  One might wonder why a game with such low visuals would need to load for so long.I have enjoyed playing Victory at Sea.  I have beaten the Atlantic Campaign as the Royal Navy, and am working on it again as the Kriegsmarine.  I would recommend others to play this game, but it is my hope that the two issues I have previously addressed will be looked into.- Confederate"
76561197983323917,Recommended,298480,14360224,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,dannytiger2,good casual naval wargame.dodging torpedo wakes is cool.i could go for a little stronger zoom but other than that i like it a lot.i would recommend  it to anyone who wants a game that's easy to get into to.
76561198061385046,Recommended,298480,14418431,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Kitsune,This is a great game. It is a computer adaptation of a tabletop game so its not as formula-detailed as I like in my more serious wargames but it is still a lot of fun to play. The campaign game is the heart of this game. Its fun to build up your fleet while trying to capture ports.
76561198011170199,Recommended,298480,13619107,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,TheMac,"If you're a naval buff, WWII aficionado or just enjoy controlling ships and causing mayhem, then this is the game for you. It’s a good game now, which only seems to improve with each content-increasing patch. I’ve played quite a few WWII carrier / naval simulations and so far I like this one the best. It’s not Harpoon, if that’s your game, but can be quite challenging on advanced levels.There are some good walkthroughs on YouTube of much, much earlier versions of the game. It’s not what we’re playing now, but they can give you a sense of the excitement and strategy in the game. This series was pretty good. The community is also quite helpful if you post questions on the forum.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pk4Ln7cOTXU"
76561198016978270,Recommended,298480,13818478,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,tonyoliver247,"This is an engrossing & enjoyable game, i do however have two dislikes about it. 1 in campaign mode, when engaging the german aircraft carrier Graf zepplin, on three separate occasions, i've fired between 6-9 torpedoes into her not to mention over 100 shells - does she sink? of course not, on top of that, on each engagement, she has managed to sink three of my front line heavy cruisers with her main guns!!???  not realistic, obviously her strength & gun power values are set way too high. I hope that this will be amended in a future patch.2. the enemy should NOT be able to capture your home ports. trying to travel from scotland down to portsmouth to defend it is unrealistic, and before youre halfway there, the nazis have captured portsmouth!! - never happen.  if these annoyances can be ironed out,  this would be a far better game. i will recommend it as it is engrossing. but NOT for any historical accuracy. you have been warned!"
76561197986663258,Recommended,298480,14467331,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,White Wizard,"I never write reviews, this game does not have the same tactical depth as Harpoon did, and you all know naval games are rare.However, Its 3d, Scaleable Real Time combat, and I love the reflections on the water surface when my guns fire.  You shouldn't regret buying this."
76561197996903250,Recommended,298480,14469052,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Dan,"Just finished the Atlantic campaign as Brits so heres is my shortish review.Ever wondered what would happen if Navyfield and Mount and Blade had a baby? Thats the only way I can think to describe this game with its mix of fleet building AND manual ship control.The graphics are not all that and the ship stats could use a little variation but its obvious the creators have done their research and is rapidly improving on gameplay with frequent patches. I love the little details like capturing a vichy french port turns it into Free French port, that and sometimes being rewarded with a ship that you wouldnt be able to purchase in friendly ports. Victory at Sea has a ton of potential and I look forward to playing future versions.Keep it up!"
,Recommended,298480,11618248,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,DarkMyth,"Simple easy to use but I would like to see some campaigns playing as the Italians, German or Japanese with some alternative history options that is what would make this game great."
76561198040257715,Recommended,298480,16507490,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Banichi,"First time doing a review, I love this game. It could have more of the actual ships used in WWII, and maybe the ability to design ships (would be fantastic). But over all it is one of my fav games to play. I definatley recommend this to anyone who likes WWII Naval combat."
,Recommended,298480,24328842,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,RoyalEngineer,"I absolutely recommend this game. I'm a huge fan of ww2 naval history and to get some of these ships in a nice strategy game setting like this is a treat. Loved it from day one, recommend it to anyone with an interest in naval combat from ww2. Especially like the campaigns building up to each class of ship, finally getting the first carrier in the fleet is a relief! :)"
,Recommended,298480,24301129,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Bishie2,In the less than 1 day from when i bought the game i played 10 hours on this game. It is really good i love this game the only thing i wish would happen. Is they would make the ships a little bit more detailed and that. They would add in a few more ships other than that the game is really good where it is at.
76561198051949360,Recommended,298480,11651371,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,MrOkieDokie,If you have been looking forward to playing World of War Ships or you are just into RTS and Ships this is worth a look. This game is on the right track but still has work to be done.On the buy clock i would say its half past 6 as it sits now. if your looking for a finished polished RTS with a challenge wait a few more months. However if you are Hard for RTS games and big♥♥♥♥♥boats with big♥♥♥♥♥guns like me then you will want to pick this up ASAP.EDIT:So far this game has THE BEST Devs i have ever seen. they listen to everyones suggestions and make regular attempts to update and improve the game.
76561198064231833,Recommended,298480,14628506,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Caraz,There are a couple of bugs here and there but sooo adictive. I like it.
76561197973051663,Recommended,298480,14382728,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Popcorn Colonel,"Like a 3D version of the old SSI Great Naval Battles series.  There's a lovely free-form skirmish mode with a Mount and Blade-style open world campaign thrown in for funsies.  If you're a naval warfare afficianado, just click buy."
76561198072117565,Recommended,298480,15778953,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,martin3z,"Very nice game.Good naval strategy on sea. If you liked games like 688 Attack Sub, or SSN-21 Seawolf, or Wolfpack, this is game for you. There is a lot of hide & escape, or seek & destroy in this game.Game have two modes. In global view, you cruise with you fleet (single symbol of ship from top view), wandering around, choosing what to attack or evade. Other fleets are also iconized by single ship. There is visibility range which changes with day/night time.In combat mode, you fight with enemy fleet, with possibility of reinforcements arrival if any firend/enemy fleet was close to. It's point and click with RTS style battle, with possibility to stop any time, and with free cam to go around battlefield. There is fog of war however, so you will not see enemy ships which you shouldn't. Multiple types of weapons, including topedos, deck guns, anti-aircraft weapons, and anti-sub charges, there are also close-combat guns (but they are automated and only in close range to fight with open-deck boats). Each kind of weapon have got different reload time, different angle of firing, and range.Pros:- Good feeling of naval battle with multiple ships.- Very easy to learn interface (with video tutorials in-game).- Nice tactical view.- Campaing is dynamic, war is going around, your battle group need to do different tasks, but in the same time other fleets are fighting around. You can help them also.- Nice damage system of ships, If you hit enemy you can destroy engines or guns. Close combat damage on boats by small guns is simulated also.- Elements of economy and resupply at the bases.- It's long-time grinding game with progression (this is what I like).- Many ships of different classes to choose.- Submarines.- Carriers with planes.- Port atacking and defending.- Convoys to protect.- Commanders, with levelling and possibility to reassign.- Possible to manual command every single ship from your fleet on battlefield any time you want- Assigning orders to ships and battle in AI mode.- Grouping ships (useful for larger fleets).- Updates and improvements are still done by devs (it doesn't happen too often nowadays on steam)- Mods. This gonna be fun.Cons:- In some situations poor AI of your commanders, they are not evading torpedoes, however, what you can do is switch to manual mode and command every ship at you own, this is what I do, and it's even more fun than playing using AI.- Torpedos boats launch torpedoes at too close range, when are in AI mode. It means they are dead before their torpedos reach target. What I do is launching torpedos manually from long range and then evade enemy.Overall:Nice game. Worth to play. I enjoy a lot."
76561198094490906,Recommended,298480,21935179,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,hardcasekara,"I love this game alot but could you add more ships please for example:US ships:Colorado Class Batlteship with West Virgina having her own difrent hull,Ships of the class:Colorado,Maryland and West VirginaNew Mexico Class Battleship,Ships of the class :New Mexico,Idaho and MississipiNew York Class Battleship,Ships of the Class:New York and TexasWhyoming Class Battleship,Ships of the Class:Whyoming and ArkasasAlaska Class Large Cruiser Killers:Alaska and GuamJapan:Fuso Class Battleship,Ships of the Class:Fuso and YamashiroIse Class Battleship(Could also have the Battleship Carrier Hibrid in the game) Ships of the Clas:Ise and HyugaKaga(Battleship converted to aircraft carrier) Ships of the Class:KagaAkagi(Battlecruiser converted to a aircraft carrier) Ships of the Class:AkagiUK:Vanguard Class  Battleship,Ships of the Class: VanguardRevenge Class Battleship.Ships of the Class:Revenge,Resolution,Royal Oak,Royal Sovereign and Ramillies"
76561198003799122,Not Recommended,298480,11619530,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,WNxWolfy,"While it's a fun little game and I've really been looking for good naval combat games, this doesn't tick all the boxes for me. The game feels very arcadey, you have very little control over aircraft that your carriers send out and ship integrity is measured with HP and armor.I think it's worth picking up if you see it for sale but I wouldn't pay 22 euros for it if I could choose again."
,Recommended,298480,11607249,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Kerensky,Picked on one too many convoys and got crushed by a fleet six times my size.  I see I'm going to I have to take this game seriously after all!  Fantastic I adore it!
,Recommended,298480,11649317,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Codename_black,Bought a carrier went into batlle got sunk by 5 u-boats.11/10
76561198010366377,Recommended,298480,16669334,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Maverati,"This is a pretty good naval combat game, but it can be made even better by downloading and installing the weapons rebalance mod listed below, there is also talk of adding multiplayer to the game which would make it a much more fun experience.http://steamcommunity.com/app/298480/discussions/0/617329920703173162/"
,Recommended,298480,16695863,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Deathcow,I really like this game.  It is not hard to get started with and the first couple of battles you get a good understanding how the game works.  The one thing I would say is that the missions could be a bit more interesting.  Like sending a sub into an enemy harbour to spy on it or mine swapper missions.  Also if they a D-day landing would be very cool. (I stand corrected they do have a D-day landing in the game which is very good.)To the Developer you guys should make a space version of this game.I give this game 5.6 million stars with icing and a candle on top.
76561197994365828,Recommended,298480,16837337,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Windfire,"I found this game to be very fun... Addicting comes to mind.Great WW2 Sea action.  It is not a true simulator, but it is fun.  Hard is very hard for me. It would be cool to have a LAN game where you could play cooperatively with friends against the enemy--pausing might be a challenge, but the ""captains"" could work out a method."
76561198008278276,Recommended,298480,16626395,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,AceStorm,fun game worth it
76561198021191674,Recommended,298480,14577076,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Shocker,"I wish the planes would look like there meant to be historicaly  instead of all  them looking the same. And wish we had more control of the planes once take off , not of this silly roll spins. and maybe able to purchase few more  planes to add to your carriers that would be nice too.  Oh by the way this game would be better if it had open world multiplayer that would be nice complex game.  But owell. Its ok for single player its simple game just to take a break from the other complex games."
76561198060877748,Not Recommended,298480,16560124,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Maximus,"I would have given this a better review, but the difficult levels are just complete and utter garbage. There are 3 difficulties in the game. Normal: Ok, this is what you do. do it. yay!! you won!!    Hard: You won in that one, so SCREW YOU!!! DIE DIE DIE DIE DIE DIE DIE DIE DIE DIE DIE!!   Expert: Turn off your computer, go lie face down in your bed, and cry.The difficulty doesn't change the way the AI behave, or make it so the enemy actually grows in strength along with the player, but instead just changes the amount of enemy ships in a convoy and makes those ships stronger. It just doesn't work with this game, and it makes it so that the normal difficulty is too easy, with every fleet having 2 of the weakest destroyers and a cargo ship. Hard makes it so that even from the beginning, where you have nothing but a single destroyer, every captain and their grandma is captaining a battlecruiser and 3-4 escort ships. Expert, you spawn in and theres a 50% chance theres a enemy battlefleet just a few km away. It's so unbalanced, that once you've gotten bored with the sheer easiness of the normal difficulty, you just can't play it anymore. in hard difficulty they make it so hard, you can't advance in the game.  Untill they rebalance it, i just can't give this game a positive review."
,Not Recommended,298480,24046584,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Meretrix lusoria,"Actually a small fun game. It feels like playing Mount & Blade - you play as battleship instead of horseman and attacking port instead of city or village.I think more variety is needed, you can do more different things even in m&b.  I start feeling redundant within 2 hours.how about skill and management of the experienced crew,  control the landing craft,  some more event, skip the battle if the emeny has too few ships or different stuff? This game have good potential."
76561198107168890,Recommended,298480,20037222,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Limited Edition,OMG OMG OMG i've only played 5 minutes of this game and i'm already giddy as a schoolgirl :) this game is exactly as i had hoped gameplay wise and i'm looking forward to playing it allday tomorrow :) :) :)
76561198007475885,Recommended,298480,21878539,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,itchy01ca01,"A great game, but the graphics need a major overhaul. Think Mount and Blade crossed with WW2 Naval ships and you're bang on. I just needs a little more added to the campaign and it would be perfect."
76561198079220845,Recommended,298480,21598492,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,rickymuskegon7,8.5
,Recommended,298480,14271674,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,shimmm,"hardcore kantai collection, without the cute girls, and stoic ship builds."
,Recommended,298480,16532932,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Emph,"Great naval RTS. Tons of different ships and weapon types, incredibly fun naval battles."
,Recommended,298480,16524490,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,阿武隈 with. Incubator,'Mount & World of Navy Wargame' :oawesome game ever
,Recommended,298480,16546556,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Boweavel,"Its Arcade with a twist of Sim!Aracady to play, easy to learn, basic to control. But the tactics you need, the ship speeds, its turns, its shooting range, torpedo speeds and spread.. etc etc its all what you would expect from a good sim.I think its a beauty!Well worth the sale price of less than $7"
76561198061367137,Recommended,298480,16513028,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Singapore Track Lizard,Combine Mount and Blade with WW2 naval combat and you get this. Fantastic game.
,Recommended,298480,16714525,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,VekCal,This game is most comparable to a navel version of Mount & Blade. If you liked MB then give this a shot.
76561198068286593,Recommended,298480,14730396,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,JD-Amplified,Pretty cool if your into Naval battle Simulators
76561198030355148,Recommended,298480,12858165,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,kolsto,"This is the game we have been missing for so many years. It is easy to play, entertaining, and addictive.As an old gamer from the early days of the computergaming, i must say: Get it. It is worth the money."
76561197975344785,Recommended,298480,11667741,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Axle,I like this game.  It is easy to get started playing.  It's engaging enough to keep learning how to play.  It seems like a casual wargame.
76561198064569598,Recommended,298480,14543308,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,tstuart1996,It a great game if you know what your doing and take you time building you fleet.Just as long as you don't yolo with a dd vs a ca
76561198062194685,Not Recommended,298480,12248375,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,simonthedges,"love the game BUT the bugs, when saving locks up, some times does not save and u know it will lock up on the next auto save. Cannot finish Atlantic mission, nothing else to do but will not end. WHYYYYYUPDATEChanged to NOT recommed as the game is great but there is a save bug, sometimes saves but also locks so you have to reboot abd blommin steam will not load, then will save but you have to go backreally bad guys"
76561198054309757,Not Recommended,298480,16684434,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,ian.silver67,"All due respect to whoever designed and wrote this...but this is awful....well ok, maybe awful is a little over the topbut..... $2 shop graphics and sound effects like a 1st generation PS1 game, the interface whilst easy to use is hopelessly too busy and always in the way - eg, the mission goal will ALWAYS obscure the ship you are shooting at. No range markers or any clues as to how far a ship can shoot. An 'auto levelling' style of play so once you buy a cruiser the map becomes full of cruisers, when you get a battleship suddenly there are battleships everywhere  - so just stay with destroyers they are quicker and slightly more fun. Gameplay is slow and repetitive, you spend all you time shooting at formless dots on the screen that if you turn off the flag sign above them the ship itself is utterly invisible, the camera cannot pan back far enough to show you your entire line of sight area which is frequently off the edge of the screen.....and so on and so on.It could be good, there are elements here to work with, but it needs a MAJOR overhaul."
76561198070996160,Recommended,298480,22276924,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Blausturm,"Game is nice and has neat balance -  every side has specific pros and contras. It would be so nice to add some wargame simulator features like exp, ammo, fuel, moral and crew development. It would be so nice to develop this project as a good ww2 naval wargame sim. I can help for free if you ask me ))"
76561198072380091,Recommended,298480,11774055,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,whatdoesthisbuttondo?,"Not a simulation, if you are looking for a TF1942 remake, this game is not for you, it is kind of a  cross-over between twitch style shooter and RTS with destroyers and battleships.That said, it provides solid casual entertainment, the price may be a bit steep for what it is, but the devs are very responsive to player feedback, and they are quick to fix problems with the game."
76561198035456149,Not Recommended,298480,33574024,Posted: 15 July,all,SteveF,"Fairly buggy if you want to actually control the ships yourself. Set a ship for manual control and it slips back into automatic mode for no apparent reason. Send a bunch of ships in one direction, they detect a target that they shouldn't go after (e.g. destroyers vs battleship) and they steam straight for it even if you command otherwise. Plays ok to get you through the Steam 2 hour refund window and then it heads straight for the bottom. Another reviewer compared it to Pirates! but it lacks that games side plots, mini-games, and humor."
76561198033122746,Not Recommended,298480,16770218,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,the evil one,"Early on this is a great game , the first battles with destroyers vs destroyers are intenseThe game has many good points but lets itself dowm massively with the late game playfps can drop to unplayable lvls even when zoomed out and using good quality graphics card and decent pcIts way too fast even on harder settings to unlock everything and have tons of redundant ships in the rosterquite a few missions scale to your fleet which would be fantastic, the ai ""cheats"" and can a lot of ships (68 is most i've faced) but of course runied by the fps, even 20 vs 20 can bring the game to a halt sometimesThis ia good template for modders to make a really good game from, shame the only two mods I can find make the game completely unbalanced and make the fps even worseif its on sale at 75% off its still worth buying when the fps is ok (which is most of the time) the game really is funbut its not worth the full asking price by any meansI'm off to learn how to use the modding kit for the gameno info at all on how to mod the gameyou would think that after adding modding to the game they might make a effort to let newbies know how to mod itused the editor and at least it makes the game tons better but the main problem still therethe lag is unbearable in big battlesthe ai fleet in last port defence was over 40 ships vs my 16 ships, result was lag so bad the game crashedI could look past all the minor issues, lack of tech trees,way too fast to unlock all ships,hard work even on expert setting to make the war last past mid 1942, and a few other thingsbut cant  look past lag so bad it crashes the game"
76561198018253242,Not Recommended,298480,16525149,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,momaan,During game play the screen flashes white and the game runs no more.When you have a lot off ships and airplanes the game runs a lot slower...and stops itself!!Its to much money for such a game!
,Not Recommended,298480,17378687,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Longshot2025,"Got this on sale and really wanted to like it. Wasn't looking for a realistic simulator or even a big challenge, so that didn't bother me. As of 1.3 you can play as both the allied and axis in the Pacific, Atlantic and Mediterranean.Basic premise for the campaigns is the same: start with one port and one destroyer and go from there. You get missions that seem to be randomly generated. Examples include: attack groups of ships in a certain area, deliver a document from one port to another (read: visit one port and then go straight to the next), destroy a given convoy, attack a port. You get the idea. Nothing particularly unique to see here.You get war bonds by completing misssions and destorying enemy ships. You can then buy more ships. Let's talk about ships. By default, you can buy ships from any allied nation (e.g. a US player can buy UK and French ships). I'd recommend turning this off so you don't have dozens of nearly identical ships to choose from. Even within this constraint you'll find yourself comparing ships with tiny differences between one another. I still have no idea if having more crew is supposed to be good or bad. Campaing gameplay is basically grinding out experience and war bonds to unlock and purchase bigger and better ships, and then amassing a fleet that can overpower anything else.Gameplay is alright. Calling the AI useless is the nicest thing you can say about it.The UI is lacking in many ways. It would be nice if the game followed RTS conventions when it came to left and right-click for select and move/attack.The game tosses up tutorial videos before each fight, which is okay but not the best method to get you the most important and relevant info. For instance, I got the lesson about formations when I only had two ships, so there was no need to actually consider using formations until later in the game.Graphics are worthy of a mobile game. Ships are arguably the worst, which is odd considering they should be the main focus. Water and smoke are pretty good. Explosions are unimpressive. Sound is generic. All explosions/crew dying/shots firing sound pretty much the same. As far as I can tell the soundtrack consists of precisely one track.The day/night cycle's only affect on gameplay is that you cannot see other fleets from as far away at night, and you cannot tell their composition from any distance. In the actual battles, there's no difference that I can see.In battles, nearby fleets will attempt to reinforce both sides, usually with a 5-7 minute ETA. Unfortunately there's frequently no way to tell before entering the fight what reinforcements (if any) will partake and how long it will be until they arrive. This makes it hard to plan on if you have enough ships to win the fight, or if reinforcements will cause problems. Additionally, port attacks require AI controlled landing craft to make it safely to shore. Given how slow these are you'd expect reinforcement times to play an important role, but as long as you destroy the initial defenders, you automatically take the port, and the supposedly one minute away reinforcements don't matter at all.There's a good game idea buried in here somewhere, but for $25 USD you can get much better games."
76561197991341019,Recommended,298480,11694676,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,tommo8993,"This is a good little game, I wish their were more like it. Its a ""arcade"" game but I  think its a good base game to be improved upon in future titles.  8/10"
,Not Recommended,298480,13153244,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Earl of Berkeley,"So far My experience is loading screens and the game is not responding, the loading screen takes forever, so far I haven't even got to the actual play screen just loading screens."
76561198025288985,Not Recommended,298480,20329595,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Comanche,Enjoyable naval battle game.....freezes and crashes constantly.
76561197982239451,Not Recommended,298480,15283680,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,kenthenson,"This game looks, feels and plays like a game coded in the '90s for a early P5 computer. I was hoping for so much more and have been extremely disappointed. This isn't even a good arcade game. Serious war simulation gamers will look elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,298480,32586990,Posted: 20 June,all,Mentat76,"Well, I have always loved historical naval warfare but eventhough this title has good elements of strategy it's highly influenced with arcade style simply ruins it. As a summary, You are not a general commanding a war, you are merely a pirate captain with several ships in a donnybrook."
76561198011580092,Recommended,298480,24739007,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Servoc,Great Game!
,Not Recommended,298480,11608300,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Nerfzul,"I've been looking for one of these games for a long time and i'll guess i have to look more, because this is not it.The game has some annoying bugs like: ordering me to attack my own country, Infinite loading times, Can't capture ports, the ai is really dumb when it comes to submarines. and some minor bugsThe graphics are ok, the sound effects works.This game feels like a buggy ipad game and i can't say it justifies it's price.CONCLUSSION: Wait for this game to go down in price and the bugs mentioned above has been fixed, the game has potential but these bugs really ruins it."
,Not Recommended,298480,11616407,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,good times,"While at first the concept may seem fun, you'll soon find out that it is actually much worse than anticipated. I do know that this is quite early in development, but my god. I know graphics aren't very important in an RTS game but it's almost like they didn't try. There is no loading screen between campaign map and a battle/port because all the game does is zoom in on the gross oversized and warped map and make the ships bigger, giving you the ability to fire. The ship textures are OK, but nothing special. All in all I'd recommend getting it when it's 10 dollars, 25 dollars is WAAAAAY too steep to purchase. Instead of losing money here, get a better payoff with other games like EU4, CS:GO, or Fez."
76561197967918496,Not Recommended,298480,11697160,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,ӇƛƝƝƖƁƛԼ,"Type of game you really want to like but its just too limited, and too expensive for what you get.* Cant play axis side* No mission editor, so longevity is very limited* No MP so what is already crippled as a long playing game is crippled further.* So simple it probably was meant or better suited as a phone or ipad game.* No real features that say wow.* Basic basic controls and options leaves the yawn factor high.* Small campaigns, only 6 missions.Its a game you want to like, but they did not go far enough with it. No MP, no editor, makes me wonder why pay more than 9.99 for this title, and even then I would recommend one wait for a sale.It just could of been better and should have been better for the price point. Nothing I experienced justifies the high price. Typically your given tons of options and features for a game like this and its price point. In this case it seems they just gave you 1/4 of a game and expect you to pay a fairly steep price for what it is."
,Not Recommended,298480,14552551,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,unknown14725,"Confusing and messy tutorial makes the first 10 minutes very frustrating. It has some very nice elements going for it, and I could see this becoming a hit if only the graphics were nicer. Gets boring quickly with such low levels of graphics and sound details - there's nothing visual to watch or enjoy while the battles are going on.Tbh, the price of this game should be 1/4 of the current price."
76561198069653716,Not Recommended,298480,23315332,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Faocone1213,It's an OK game but it's utterly abandonded. The devs no longer work on this game and it needs improvements.Over all don't buy it.
76561198128840479,Not Recommended,298480,12075535,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,arbrt0304,"...as usual, i'm having graphics issues that make the game unplayable.... glad to support the game by buying it, sad it won't run on my machine. - i have updated my graphics driver for my intel G45/G43 chipset.  no improvement - there is some visual artifacting being generated by the game graphic engine that consumes processor resources and doesn't even look as if the game was tested.  This game joins Kenshi in my steam library as ""not loaded' - i think i'm going to be much more cautious in my next steam purchase - it won't be any time soon.-epilogue:  Loaded Victory at Sea on my laptop and it runs with no graphic artifact - it's playable on the laptop - go figure -"
76561197985110702,Not Recommended,298480,13160401,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Greenbeenie,"Problems.  My keyboard seems to work fine.. as you can see that I'm typing here.   I am unable to get to Tactical mode, and I can't figure out if it's just my ignorance.. or it's a glitch in the controls.  Groan"
76561197976078078,Not Recommended,298480,14479507,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Sterlepper,Personally I cannot fully recommend the game. The game concept is fun but I was literally shocked when I figured the best graphic settings are really bad...considering against what I used for comparsion. That are ship models and their graphic details of games as Silent Hunter 5 or Shogun 2 and Empire of the Total War series. All these games have  much better a ship detail to offer. The graphics of Victory at Sea look like 2005 to me. It did not felt fair considering the price of 20 Euros.
76561198055344498,Not Recommended,298480,12866310,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,dedwrekon,"The game is extremely glitchy. The shipyard function doesn't completely load all the time and as of now, I'm stuck dead in the water, my ship doesn't respond to any commands. Very frustrating, as I had high hopes for this one..."
76561198047125082,Recommended,298480,15366445,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Shaunn,really awesome game worth to buy for sure . lots of hours of gameplay.the battle are epic and its fun as hell loli hope that the devloper continue to fix the game there his some little bug notin that will make you stop playing.the levels are awesome more lv your army gets the wiser they get its really awesome the way they put that game to getherwell thats my opinion try it for your self you wont be dessapointed if u like naval war game.
76561198058993793,Not Recommended,298480,12977174,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,dwayne.hillier,"This started off as a good game. However the latest patch has made the game unplayable. I have pinkish boxes floating aroud for what I belief is suppose to be the airscraft-line-of-sight. What a shame, mentioned this problem a few weeks ago. No mention of any patch."
76561198043518822,Not Recommended,298480,16924242,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,deason89,WORST POS GAME EVER MADE AI DONT DO♥♥♥♥♥♥JAPS OP AS♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,298480,18586595,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,wolfm,If you're looking for a decent ww2 naval battle game you should definitely look elsewhere. This game is too simplistic and boring and will not keep you interested for more than half an hour. Its not even worth it to buy it during a sale.
76561198196500718,Recommended,298480,32306329,Posted: 9 June,all,Chuckles1131,I liked everything
76561198136036556,Not Recommended,298480,11831116,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,jknsr.1961,victory at sea sux big time.  thanks for the crappy game guys.  25 bucks?   my 9 yr old could have made a better game for .10 cents
76561197980914614,Not Recommended,298480,21096642,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,dwolf420,the Devs of this game are complete tossers in every sense. Unfinished game after how many years? I hope their next game along with thir careers burn in flames....
76561198120671243,Not Recommended,298480,12254377,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,weslinus,definatly could have spent 25 bucks elsewhere
76561198007793678,Not Recommended,298480,11610591,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Toisach,"Avoid this like a hemophiliac Haitian with open, oozing sores.There is NOTHING good about this other than the refined level of rage-inducing frustration at being taken for $26.00.   Few things are more certain than the disappointment you will get from this if you have the slightest interest in a naval warfare simulation.  This is not a sim, this is a phone app game with pretentions.Sluggish, badly set up, poorly laid out, lacking in any understanding of actual naval tactics or command and control, it is an absurd arcade-game attempting to pass itself off as a succssor to SSI and Fighting Steel."
76561197984459055,Not Recommended,298480,12273974,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,GermanHerman,"bad graphics, bad gameplay, bad KI, bad everything...seriously: I wasted my money"
76561198011141413,Not Recommended,298480,11620374,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,renehasp,Not real enough.
76561198012444637,Not Recommended,298480,11683693,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Serenity,I want to give this game a good review but I just can't. Multiple bugs causing the game to freeze and crash constantly. When it does freeze the game automatically has to re-sync with steam every time. When it is running it can accually be a enjoyable game just frustrating with the crashing and freezing issues. Would love to see the finished unbugged product but don't ever see that happening. Pay and play at your own risk. I suggest finding a different product and spare yourself the headache of this.
76561197985589039,Not Recommended,298480,11606499,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,WHOOLEE,"Not played for long so far but....The Price is way to high for what this is and what you get.Remember Pirates? it is a copy of that, but not even a fraction of the content, all you do is go around a poor looking world map and doing the ship combat from Pirates, and thats it.The Ships look ok but nothing special, tbh there not that good lolThe Ports etc just look downright awful.Finally ive not played long and i am bored already as it will never change.At this price avoid it, wait for it to be real cheap, id say its worth a quater of its price if that.It is not a Naval Combat Sim, it is a arcade game."
76561198006584411,Not Recommended,298480,11613627,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,degt,Don't recommend it. Poor game. A child shoter game!!!!!. Cost very high compared to what you get.
,Not Recommended,298480,11870702,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,💛Kohath,Just a bad game in general
76561198032349912,Not Recommended,298480,26291133,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,obhe,ok here it isas I cant get this game to work I do not recommend this game1 i bought this game because i like warships and stuff2 i could not get to to run3 support was very helpfull and responded fastif you can get this to run greatif you cant go play somthing else
,Not Recommended,298480,29195859,Posted: 11 January,all,BountyHunter 48,Ever wanted to be a boat? Now you can.
76561197971860091,Not Recommended,298480,11610546,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,THEOZygamer,This game is terrible costs a lot and doesnt work . Do yourselves a favour and avoid it like the plague . Summation : crap
76561197970763652,Not Recommended,298480,29833283,Posted: 10 February,all,Xen DK,dislike
,Not Recommended,298480,28792306,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,日川冈板,such a trash game! worst graphics ever! dun buy it!!!!
,Recommended,298480,15982049,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Stormtrooper Hans,Nice game with some Bugs
76561197970384883,Recommended,298480,17677972,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,FHDA,63%
,Recommended,298480,11934702,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,golan,"If you are looking for a casual naval battle, this game is extremely gratifying. 2v2 (ships, not players), 3v3 battles are ok, you might even enjoy having one ship less in a confrontation.I write this review before being able to add carriers to my battlegroups on purpose, to give the entry level/casual player an idea of what to expect on first glimpse of the game.Pros:- good tutorials, comfortable learning curve, features many classes of WW2 era vessels;- manoeuvring matters, especially in destroyer/cruisers engagements;- simplistic aiming system, but functional and informative; it's what you'd expect in an arcadish game...-  extremely gratifying in small skirmishes, the tactical aspect of battles is covered sufficiently IMO;Some people complained about the AI. BS. It's what you'd expect of a game of this calibre, it won't impress you, won't win your battles for you, in balanced fights at least (during campaign, in some fights you can afford to let it do your fighting without worrying too much). But it does it's job, serves a good purpose. Will help you manage a large fleet, avoids collisions, keeps the enemy locked down, puts in some punches of its own, exactly where you need to increase the pressure. In the campaign, the level of a captain decides how well that vessel would perform.Cons:- idiotic story/campaign; didn't had any expectations, but there are plenty of objections that can be made about it;- controls are limited and in certain situations frustrating; there is no way to manage groups of ships or to move in formation;- camera positioning and control is limited and annoying;- you can't even decide how your group enters the battle, the ships position is randomised and extremely annoying; - outdated, you can now position your units, but it is still limited and annoying.- these issue makes strategy kind of irrelevant; big battles are rather frustrating;- poor graphics; I don't care about this matter that much, but graphics is quite poor by any standard.Overall, I can still appreciate this game. I recommend it because you'll have fun with it even with all its limitations."
76561197971089984,Recommended,298480,12087865,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,wesley29,"Love the gorgeous miniture ships and sea battles. However, I don't think it's historically accurate to see Japanese ships in the Atlantic Campaign or German / Italian ships in the Pacific. Also, the available ships in a campaign should only be limited to the nation that you choose. For example, it would be meaningless to choose the British or American side when all of the ships of those nations are available (USS Hood? or HMS Iowa?). Group formation option would be very nice in order to enjoy large scale naval battles.And finally, I would love to see German, Italian, and Japanese campaigns."
76561197985139024,Recommended,298480,12931509,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,themousemaster,"This game reminds me a lot of when Mount and Blade was first released:  a fun gameplay experience with lots of promise.  And just like M&B, the developers are continuing to add (free) features after release.It's not without it's faults (larger fights tend to highlight the AI's issues with proper maneuvers and target selection), but as far as ""real-time-with-pause tactical naval combat"" is concerned, there's just not a lot of choices out there, so it's nice when one of the few choices actually pulls it off well.So even if you don't buy it now, keep an eye on it, as its already decent and just keeps getting better."
76561198041352318,Recommended,298480,12920987,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,{Ðß}Rby,"it'll be a good game if it works properly, i have had many control issues where i can select the unit but cannot direct it in the right direction. this game still has to be worked on, its fun when it works so it depends on you."
76561198019578954,Recommended,298480,28313261,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,tako_muro,"I played early version of the game to try it and really loved that little fun game than decided to purchase it.BUT the game is not fun (not even a little bit) anymore.AI (friend or foe) always try to sink my ship instead of other AI ships, and even worse, friendly AI ships always try to sink my ship with torpedoes. AI enemy ships are so accurate and they never give you a chance to survive. I lost my ship ~20 times every battle (till quit the game) just after tutorial missions. This is not the game I played before. I played Normal (easiest available) mode but it is so hard and not fun any more. I don't even want to think about harder game modes.You, devs, what do you want to do to this fun game? Who constrain you to change game mechanics and difficulty, just give me a name and watch the firework.Edit_1:I recommand it if you play the game with ""Naval Weapons Rebalance (NWR)"" modhttp://steamcommunity.com/app/298480/discussions/0/617329920703173162/"
76561197971574316,Recommended,298480,15130727,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Törtchenkidd,"Eines Vorweg, ich war lange Zeit ein grosser Fan dieses Spiels. Hatte es mir im Jahr 2014 gekauft, da steckte das Spiel noch in den Kinderschuhen. Man musste mit Bugs und Abstürzen rechnen wie bei jedem Spiel, das noch in der Entwicklung ist. Man nahm es in hin und erfreute sich trotzdem an dem Spiel das wirklich in seiner Art absolut genial ist und wirklich Spass macht. Es gibt drei Kriegsschauplatze: Atlantik, Mittelmeer und Pazifik (mein Favorit).Als ich mit VaS anfing war es noch eher schlicht und einfach, nicht jede Nation war spielbar (Japan und Deutsches Reich kamen erst durch spätere Updates), es gab nur einen Schwierigkeitsgrad der mit der Zeit sogar etwas zu öde und einfach wurde und richtig nervige Bugs (abgeschossene Flugzeuge von Trägern wurden im Hafen nicht mehr ersetzt) aber es machte so viel Spass und gemeldete Fehler wurden sehr schnell behoben. Respekt an die Entwickler an dieser Stelle.Ich selber habe mich oft dabei erwischt wie ich mal eben 4-5 Stunden am Stück dieses Spiel gezockt habe, da wurde die Nacht mal eben zum Tage. Egal, das Spiel war so genial und machte soviel Spass. Ja ich wiederhole mich da doch immer wieder gerne und schwelge doch gern in Erinnerungen an glücklichere Zeiten.Aber leider sind diese Zeiten vorbei. Ich sag nur ""Autosaving"".....In vielen Spielen etwas das einem den♥♥♥♥♥♥♥und den Spass retten kann. Hier in VaS leider aber nicht. Es tötet den Spass ungemein und das schlimme dabei, man kann es nicht abschalten. Gut, aber mal mehr ins Detail gehen warum das so schrecklich ist:Üblicherweise wird in diesem Spiel vor jedem Seegefecht und bei Einfahrt in einen Hafen das Spiel automatisch gespeichert. Damals in den guten alten Zeiten als das spiel noch in der Entwicklung war eine geniale Sache, da man verlorene Gefechte so wiederholen konnte um es besser zu machen. Hat mir oft den♥♥♥♥♥♥♥gerettet und verhindert das ich meine Maus gegen den Monitor gepfeffert hätte. Ja damals, aber heute nur noch der pure Albtraum. In dem Moment wo man länger als 3 Sekunden den ""Autosave""-Balken sieht, darf man davon ausgehen dass das Spiel grad übelst abgeschmiert ist und dem ist dann auch 100% so. Übelst frustrierend wenn man grad in den Hafen einfahren will um sich denn neuen schweren Kreuzer kaufen will den man endlich nutzen kann und dann merkt das alles für den♥♥♥♥♥♥♥war. Klar mag man jetzt sagen ""Hey dann lade doch den letzten Autosave-Stand und machs nochmal""....spassig vorallem wenn dann ein Gefecht ansteht dem man nicht ausweichen kann und wo man vorher nur mit Müh und Not lebendig rauskam und 4 deiner 5 Schiffe das Zeitliche gesegnet haben. Den ganzen Mist nochmal ausfechten? Nicht wirklich lustig.Andere mögen jetzt sagen ""Hey dann speicher doch selber immer ab vor jedem Gefecht oder Hafen""....klar, ist ne Möglichkeit und das Autosaving wird dann übergangen oder man hat nen Spielstand Sekunden bevor das Game wieder abschmiert. Aber auch das ist irgendwie nicht immer möglich. Man will also manuell abspeichern, klickt die entsprechende Option, dann wird man gefragt ob man wirklich speichern will, klickt ja, man springt zurück ins Menü, das speichern wird sogar durch einen gelben Text bestätigt....so ist es im optmalen Fall. Nach ungefähr einer spielzeit von einer Stunde funktioniert nicht mal mehr das. Man wird dann noch gefragt ob man speichern will und das wars dann auch schon, das Spiel speichert einfach nicht mehr. In dem Moment weiss man aber auch das es keinen Sinn macht  weiter zu spielen. Sobald man in einen Hafen einfahren will oder in ein Gefecht gerät, stürzt das Spiel einfach wieder ab und es hilft nur noch die elegante Beendigung über den Taskmanager.Mehr als ne Stunde am Stück ist nicht mehr drin und danach ist man so sehr gefrustet das man keinen Bock mehr hat weiterzuzocken.Neu instalieren, Treiber aktuallisieren, Fussnägel schneiden und Nasenhaare trimmen hat alles nichts gebracht. Es bessert sich einfach nicht. In den Foren wird dieses problem sogar ab und an mal angesprochen, die Entwickler wollen dann immer den letzten Spielstand per Mail haben, aber eine Lösung wird einem irgendwie nie geliefert und ich habs einfach aufgegeben. Schade eigentlich, da dieses Spiel so viel Spass macht und einen hohen Wiederspielwert besitzt, aber durch diesen nervigen Bug wird einem alles zunichte gemacht. Vielleicht habe ich ja was übersehen und bin für Lösungen wirklich dankbar, aber bis dahin werde ich dieses spiel ganz sicher nicht weiterempfehlen.EDIT:Mittlerweile muss ich meine anfängliche Beurteilung zurücknehmen. Es hat doch ganz gewaltige Vorteile wenn man sein Betriebssystem von Windows-♥♥♥♥ing-Vista auf Win7 umstellt und schon gibts keine Probleme mehr mit dem Spiel."
,Recommended,298480,32175342,Posted: 4 June,all,darknight,"had the game for ages yes when you get  big fleet your unstoppable but its still a fun game......dark graphics, dunno what your on about, try adjusting your settings"
76561198332532440,Recommended,298480,32230716,Posted: 6 June,all,boris.glevrk,"First thing first: Good game, but a bit overpriced.If you are a WWII naval enthusiast who likes single player gaming and/or those famous WWII naval games just can't satisfy you, than you may very well give this game a try, just make sure you wait until it's on discount.For example, if you are unsatisfied about how they ""balance"" different ships in other games, like for instance WOWS, the modding functionality of this game can let you do it the way you want. Personally I spent my past 10 years looking for a game that gives back the rightful strength to aircraft carriers, and this game was the solution I found.Do note that the game features subpar graphics and sound quality, and some 3D models of ships are reversed (bow becoming stern and vise versa), combined with the price these are probably the only downsides of this game.For conclusion, this game is for WWII naval enthusiasts who fancy a more strategic playstyle (as opposed to a more action-packed, shooter-like playstyle in WoWS and the like)."
76561198052386020,Recommended,298480,35127828,Posted: 22 September,all,warpig107,"there really needs to be a meh selection, basiclly you can treat this game like a simulator. pick the ships and sit back and watch. though yes you can control the ships if you choose, it isnt in my eyes worth the Cost it is. try to get it on a 75% sale"
76561198031395405,Recommended,298480,34373589,Posted: 20 August,all,Croneman,"Let me start by saying what this isn't:A simulatorIn-depth control of shipsRealistic to the minutest detail.Now, what this is:FunEasy to pick upEngagingThis is based on Mongooses Victory at Sea strategy wargame. Set in one of three (at time of review) campaign areas (Pacific, Atlantic, Mediterranean) you start off being the captain of a sole destroyer. With each battle you earn XP that unlocks ships and also you earn credits that enables you to buy them.There are Mods out there that alter the ships to more ""realistic"" levels, but this isn't a 100% realistic wargame! (The mods even out some of the unbalance that is inherent in the game)I've played the original (Miniatures and all) Mongoose game and like this computer version (NO DICE!!!!! I have ZERO luck with dice...... even loaded ones!) for it's simplicity.(Note, I've also played World of Warships and Steel Ocean)I've always come back to this.......There are different levels of ""Hardness"" to play on to test your prowess as a Captain. Or just leave the ships on Automatic and tactically play the game by giving them orders...... (or just leaving them to it...... NOT recommended! *Glug, Glug* ""Where did my fleet go..... it was only a Corvette!"" Ha, haaaa)I'd recommend this game.......Buy it, Play it....... have fun!"
