user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,298930,12932136,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Otru,"Darkness Within is the most tasteful Lovecraftian-horror game I have ever played.There is no tacked-on 'insanity' mechanic.There are no jump scares.There are no guns.But most importantly, there are no references to Lovecraft's work in poor taste. The only direct references to him are in quotes on loading screens, and a single easter egg. His influence otherwise is purely sentimental, yet quite palpable in the atmosphere of the game's various domestic, occult, and dreamlike environments.The developers at Zoetrope Interactive did not shoehorn Lovecraft's most popular motifs into their game, although it could be argued that the general formula of the narrative is quite Lovecraftian, and the exposition definitely is, but I believe it comes into its own. Anyway, Zoetrope has created a narrative with less-direct horror than any 'survival horror' game. This was executed through their implementation and pacing of the horror.The environments in the game are beautifully detailed, both technically and atmospherically. Howard's apartment and office, and the houses that he investigates, all feel genuine and lived-in, and evoke a mixture of being comforting and cozy, yet quite off-putting. The dream sequences that partially take place in these environments are therefore very surreal, in that they blend these mundane, familiar environments, with bizarre, and horrifying encounters.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=341437450Through this detail, and the surrealness which follows, almost all of the game, not just the horror sequences, left me feeling uneasy. This uneasiness was accentuated as Howard begins to have trouble differentiating dream from reality.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=345226810Especially off-putting are the few encounters the player has with other, seemingly inhuman entities. These encounters are sporadic, and mostly quite indirect. With the exception of a single instance, Howard only ever encounters these 'things' either in his dreams, or through a crack in a wall. Therefore they never pose anyrealthreat to Howard. Which might leave you wondering, 'How could they be horrific?'http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=345226745And like good,primalhorror: it's in the utter obscurity of the encounters and the things themselves, the already instilled fear from the context of the encounters, and how few encounters there actually are, that makes the game horrific. This is important to note because horror is about the build-up, and the obscurity. If scares are frequent, or the things that are scary are able to be studied closely, then they become so much less effective. And thankfully Darkness Within doesn't fall victim to either of these issues. It overcomes them more effectively than any other horror game I've played.All of the circumstances are so well built up, that this infrequent horror is something truly unique for a 'horror' game. It is actual, Lovecraftian horror at its finest; it is morbid curiosity resulting in a brush withsomething,without ever really knowing or finding outwhat.The second factor in good, Lovecraftian horror is the irrational compulsion to continue, regardless of prior experiences. This narrative device manifests in solving the puzzles that are entailed in the central mystery of the story.The puzzles are cleverly developed, and effectively intertwine the narrative and storytelling. This is executed in all of the clues for puzzles being hidden in pieces of writing, and various minute details that are quite believably strewn throughout appropriate places in the environments. I could list all of the detailed connections and implications made through the puzzles, dream sequences, texts, and other discoveries throughout the game, and how consistently they've been intertwined, but I would prefer to recommend you go and experience them for yourself.Another important aspect of the puzzles is their believability. The presentation of just about all of the puzzles is so plausible that only a single puzzle in the game left me frustrated at its absurd specificity. Otherwise, the puzzles flow into eachother with excellent fluency, and the way they manifest prior exposition demonstrates the developer's forethought. Through this, they're engaging, compelling, and literallyalwaysdirectly and importantly entailing the narrative.I speak so confidently in my description of the puzzles because I developed that description directly from the puzzles themselves. Due to the density of the primary puzzles of the game, it would be redundant to give a necessarily detailed description of something better experienced than described.Concerning the narrative, if you plot out what actually occurs in the narrative, and remove it from the context of the game, then it may not sound all that impressive. It may sound like a Lovecraftian fanfic. But it's not the plot in itself that makes the narrative shine. It's everything above; the presentation, and faithful fulfillment of the criteria of Lovecraftian horror; that makes the story so special.Now, as I said, I won't list all of the positive, detailed connections and implications made throughout the game, but I will mention oneveryparticular criticism I have of oneveryparticular puzzle.This puzzle is second-last in Clark Field's house, and entails quite the spike in difficulty. My main issue with this spike is the obsoleteness of the established mechanic of 'Howard's Mind.' Howard's Mind can piece together thoughts, clues, items, and observations to progress through puzzles by deducing solutions semi-automatically, so long as the player provides the correct clues. It's established as an important mechanic, but is frustratingly and suddenly not able to be utilized in Clark Field's home. And while it's occasionally useful throughout the rest of the game, it pretty much stops functioning during this puzzle, which leads to a key discovery in progressing through the game. What this essentially means is that the player is expected to decipher a plausible, but ultimately poorly executed puzzle, which is key to progressing in the game, but without 'Howard's Mind' to give them any guidance. Which was a very big issue for me when Howard is bombarded with numerous, meaningless, potential answers. It's a tedious puzzle, and is more needlessly than actually complicated.There is also the minor complaint of an awkward inventory. It's annoying to deal with once Howard has amassed so many items that you need to scroll through it, but to be honest it really doesn't impede much otherwise.The game's ambient noise also seems to be contentious. While I understand how the piano, creaking floorboards, and other noises can collectively seem overbuilt, I feel like they're most effective when they come apart. I agree it can be a little silly and overwhelming when everything is playing at once, but when those noises pause for a while and all you're left with is the ambient drone of the environments, it's worth it. It's how realized the isolation of Howard is at that point that's so striking. It's not necessarily the sounds themselves, but what they leave behind.Apart from those last few points, the game is a very seamless experience.If the name Lovecraft only brings to mind Cthulhu, the Shoggoth, Deep Ones, Innsmouth, etc. Then this game probably isn't for you. This game doesn't treat Lovecraft like a meme. It's a very respectful work after Lovecraft. It's also a game with an outstanding level of detail, which I would recommend to anyone impressed by such things. And if you have an actual appreciation for the style of horror and queer stories that Lovecraft, and other prolific writers, such as Algernon Blackwood and Ambrose Bierce are known for, then you are this game's target audience."
76561198006922325,Recommended,298930,12933206,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Exitus Acta Probat,"This game does more service to this particular style of horror in FIVE  MINUTES than most games with much larger budgets and more intense system requirements do THE ENTIRE GAME. You will do a lot of reading and that reading will lead you to unsettling implications that leave you with a subtle, creeping dread that never really goes away.  The environments themselves blend with the musical score and come off as unsettling and believable, with a stark contrast between the falsely domestic and the absolutely bizzare. The game really, really captures the essence of what writers like Lovecraft, Blackwood and Machen crafted and plays like you'd expect one of those stories to read.10/10"
,Recommended,298930,17221110,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Faudraline,"“The oldest and strongest emotion of mankind is fear, and the oldest and strongest kind of fear is fear of the unknown” ― H.P. Lovecraft,Supernatural Horror in LiteratureHere I was, a bit bored and a bit biased about the marriage of a point & click adventure with the theme of horror, butDarkness Within 1: In Pursuit of Loath Nolderwas a spectacular experience! I've spared 14 hours or so, discovered every achievement, read and re-read every single document, practically poked my nose in every single pixel in the game; but I am still paranoid about missing a piece of the great picture, as any Lovecraftian theme should make you so...In this gem of a Lovecraftian setting, you play as Howard E. Loreid; a detective that investigates the strange murder of Clark Field, a wealthy man involved in the dark art of occult. The prime suspect of the crime is a man named Loath Nolder, a famous private investigator and an admitant of the local insane asylum. Our game starts with a nightmare, and a phone call coming from our partner, Arthur, in the middle of the night. We're informed that Loath Nolder has escaped...The game takes brilliant twists and turns, and forces you to investigate odd objects coming from forgotten times, secluded buildings that no one visits and isolated areas of the local geography with dark histories. The atmosphere is carefully arranged to procure a balance between the uneasiness that we feel from a partially observed shadow that lingers in the night, and the raw sense of dread that we suffer whence we face the plain unexplainable. Environment is a huge success to create that lingering, uncanny feeling that haunts us when we are reading a random narration excerpt taken from H.P. Lovecraft'sAt the Mountains of Madness. It actually uses direct characters and anecdotes from Lovecraft stories likeThe Case of Charles Dexter Ward,The Whisperer in DarknessandThe Rats in the Walls.Gameplay carries two major features that makes the investigation process noteworthy. As you observe events and the environment, you take mental notes in your journal as ideas, observations and suspicions, alongside conversations. You are to pick and add the relevant ideas together to make a thought process to grasp the insight of happenings. This progress of deduction presents the player a unique gameplay. Nothing is presented to you on a silver platter: you actually have to think like an investigator to decide which evidence might go with another to indicate a fact. Another feature is about the documents you stumble in the game. In these kind of games, the gameplay usually presents you your next objective just after you read the document, automatically. Here, you underline the part of the document that you think to be relevant or important and think about it! I mentioned hard work, didn't I?If you do sincerely enjoy the horror genre - not your common jump scare, or plain human cruelty: an actual sense of gothic that will keep pushing your buttons to keep you awake at night, you MUST try this game. It is brilliant as an adventure, astonishing as a horror game. Plus, it is Lovecraftian!Please also check out Lady Storyteller's Curator pagehere- follow for regular updates on reviews for other games!"
,Recommended,298930,13946199,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,lake.kubilius,"This game is, taken as a whole, fantastic.  One of the best adventure games available.  However, this point may not be obvious on the first playthrough.  It's actually fairly difficult, which may drive some players to a walkthrough.  That's unfortunate, because playing this game with a walkthrough is a terrible idea.  The game's two strongest points are the story and the atmosphere.  Both are fantastic, but excessive walkthrough use can ruin your understanding of the story.  The game should be played with a mindset of truly trying to understand and solve the mystery.  That will require reading and rereading the documents you find several times.  But doing so is extremely enjoyable once you finally begin to grasp what's happening.  If you get towards the end and feel that you have no idea who any of these people are or what's happening, you've missed a LOT.  But putting the effort into exploring and understanding is extremely enjoyable."
,Recommended,298930,12962586,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,kayrad,"First off: You have to love point and click games to enjoy this. Second: It's an old style horror game, so no jump scares or scary monsters chasing after you. Its a calming kind of terrifyingly creepy game. I personally thought it was good. It can get confusing and there is A LOT of reading just to understand the basics of the story. The soundtrack and scenery is spooky and generally pleasing (do remember this is an old game so graphics aren't stunning).I did have to look at a walkthrough for some of the answers, especially if it required a certain order. There is a lot of hidden secrets so it's replayable and the achivements are nice. Especially right after a difficult puzzle.So, if you like point and click games. I would suggest this one.If you want a modern day horror game, don't even think about it. Go play Outlast or something."
,Not Recommended,298930,33827478,Posted: 27 July,all,just.like.that,"Ugh. I'm actually glad that I finally finished this game.My short reviewDon't do this to you unless you have masochistic tendencies. I'm playing adventure games for almost 30 years now and I've dealt with my share of clunky UI, pixel hunting and unintuitive game mechanics while still enjoying the game but this one - just no.The idea behind it is goodI actually liked the idea behind the main mechanic in this game. Rather than just looking for physical items that you can use on objects in the world, here you are also looking for clues for a kind of ""brain inventory"". You mainly find clues by reading documents, letters and books and underlining interesting stuff in them. You then figure things out by combining clues in your brain inventory.Now let me tell you the ways this sucks in practiceFirst of all, theinventory systemitself. It is much too convoluted and unintuitive.You open your physical inventory by right click and another right click lets you investigate physical items more closely.With left click on a brain symbol you open your ""brain inventory"". The left side of your brain inventory has a list with your clues, on the right side are 5 open slots for combining clues and sometimes items. You drag and drop clues and items from your inventory into these slots by holding the left mouse button. To remove clues from these slots, you have to simply click on them. Physical items you have to drag and drop back again into a free slot in your physical inventory. To combine items, you have to click on another symbol. If in all of this you accidentally click the right mouse button, the whole inventory closes and you can start anew. This happens a lot.Secondly,finding clues in documents. Oh god. Open inventory, open document, click on pen symbol, try to actually underline what you want to underline, click on another symbol to find out if you were right. ""Not particularly interesting"", ok, rinse and repeat until you have basically underlined the whole document piece by piece (granted, you can adjust your difficulty and be spared from all that but why play an adventure if you do that?). Some things are apparently interesting, but your character doesn't know what to think about it, yet, so you don't get a clue from it and have to return to it later. No problem, right? Wrong. Some documents you don't take with you but you have to physically return to whereever you've found it first. So, if you get stuck, you go through all locations, looking at all documents again to find this one elusive clue that you had found earlier but couldn't use at that point. Argh.Thirdly, this would be pretty annoying in any case but it is made almost unbearable by thegod awful way in which you movein this game. You see everything from a first person perspective and to move around you move the ""camera"" around with an arrow in the middle of the screen. This arrow changes form if you point in a direction you can move in, which then beams you to the next point in the room where you can look around a bit. Why not move with WASD and look around with the mouse? If you want to have a first-person perspective this is the only way to do it. The way they did it is disorienting and induces sea sickness. No wonder the protagonist gets dizzy sometimes and/or loses consciousness!The storyis ok so far but it just stops in the middle. Almost nothing is solved by the end of it.The graphicsare dated but not too terrible. What is terrible, though, is the almost constant darkness. I used the highest gamma settings and still there were huge areas where I had no idea what I was looking at because it was all so dark.In case you are still wondering,I totally do not recommend this game."
,Recommended,298930,16469552,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Nostal,"An excellent surprise from a small independent game development studio of only three people.Released in 2007, Darkness Within: In Pursuit of Loath Nolder has aged pretty well. The graphics are a bit pixelated on high resolution but nothing major. The character models on the other hand are very outdated unfortunately. They are pretty rare but can break the immersion for a little bit.The strongest point of the game is its atmosphere. Along with the story they give the eery sensation that you can have when you read some of H.P Lovecraft's work. It deals with the same themes of blurry frontier between natural and supernatural. With madness often being a better outcome than trying to comprehend what lies beyond human perception.The story is mostly in written form. Plenty of books and notes to read and re-read to understand all that the game has to offer.There are two gameplay mechanic that I mention below which I found interesting but also very frustrating at times. It is a warning of some sort:The first mechanic is the ability to combine not only object but thoughts. Thoughts are short description of major and minor events, which can be obtained by clicking somewhere important or underlining phrases in texts. It can become overwhelming since you can combine from 1 to 6 thoughts and/or objects. It can be a very heavy game of trial and error.The second mechanic is the underlining of important clue in books or notes. It can be partially disabled in easy mode but it doesn't show hidden clues (if there is one) in a text. The hardest mode give no hints but you can underline any text (as opposed to a select few). In a book with more than 3 pages it is quite difficult to find them. The interface does not help by requiring one click for switching cursor to underlining at the far left and then clicking on the Think button below it after the underlining on the text in the center. On books with many topics, finding the one that the protagonist care about with such a system can be frustrating.The object bar is classic and doesn't get in the way which is nice.This game is also kind of a preface and first chapter to the second opus which is completely different in its gameplay.Recommended, mostly for the atmosphere. Difficult game but rewarding with the right mindset."
,Recommended,298930,20409868,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Icemage Antonius,"I think Lovecraft would have smiled at this :PHad to remind myself i wasn't playing a shorter Amnesia: The Dark descent at more than one point ^_^Lots of atmosphere, interesting storyline - and a few plot twists if you go digging. Definitely go exploring!Would have liked to see more fitted in :) About 7 hours playthrough, ish?Also, it turns out you get a star rating for how many secrets you unlock, if you like that sort of thing. I was just sad it was over :')...OR IS IT? dun dun dunnnnn"
,Recommended,298930,12988359,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,godlike90,"I find that Darkness Within is the most lovecraftian and atmospheric game in the world. Thanks god we have Shamli brothers and Galip, who be able to create such a work of art in the modern greedy and stupid game enviroment. 100 points out of 100."
76561198009741544,Recommended,298930,12980357,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,defcon,"Darkness Within draws you into a deep wistful story between reality and nightmare, occult paths and the boundaries of human psyche. Be aware that this is not the type of game that creates horror through letting you run away from creatures because you don’t have a weapon. Unlike its successor, the game has no WASD movement. There are a lot of scary scenes but the game has much more to offer. Lovecraft is a selling point of many today’s games but Darkness Within is one of the few that really fits the mood and suspense of his books.One of the most innovative aspects of this literary horror game is the thought system. By linking the character‘s thoughts and underlining important parts of texts, you find new clues that keep you progressing throughout the case. Solving puzzles and reading (well written) texts are the main parts of Darkness Within but if you are willing to spend some patience and attentiveness, you will intensely enjoy this game. While some puzzles might be frustrating, most of them are logically integrated into the story. On the lowest difficulty (there are three to choose), the game helps you with the texts and gives you tips when you are stuck.Zoetrope did a good job in creating a credible protagonist that is anguished by fears and social isolation. The voiceovers (also the non-English ones) are well done and the ambient sounds perfectly capture the mood of every scene. The CPAGE engine might be outdated but has some nice lighting and particle effects that make the various locations – especially the dream sequences – very atmospheric.This game is qualitatively in line with other first person adventures like Scratches, Outcry or Barrow Hill. Darkness Within is one of the best Point & Click horror games I have ever played."
76561197970840537,Recommended,298930,18474195,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,infin,"If you're familiar with the game Scratches (which I also greatly enjoyed), DW1 is extremely similar in gameplay and visual style but with two extra layers:  document research (seeking key words and phrases in text) and 'Howard's Mind' (where clues, observations, and items can be combined to further the narrative and/or help solve puzzles).  The inclusion of the latter should perfectly fit the context of a game about sanity; unfortunately the implementation is a bit disappointing -- the mechanic becomes cumbersome and frustrating, particularly by the end of the game when you have collected dozens of clues to sort through (I would have preferred a system where only unresolved clues stay active and the others are simply archived for narrative reference).My two biggest complaints would be the endgame (narrative threads fray and split over the course of the entire game but never come back together to provide a satisfying conclusion... this is almost entirely left for the sequel to deal with) and the occasional lack of direction provided to the player (there were a number of times where I had no idea what I was supposed to be doing or why).  Some of the written text was also awkward enough (translation issue?) to break the immersion of the experience.Flaws aside, however, Darkness Within might be one of the most faithful interpretations of the universe of H.P. Lovecraft presented by a videogame.  That alone is enough for me to recommend it."
76561198144593917,Recommended,298930,20769369,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,mikesanerd,"I had mixed feelings about this game, but in the end I think the depth of the atmosphere and immersive mood puts it over the edge into a recommendation for me.Pros:+ VERY Lovecraftian. Maybe almost too much. If you want to play a game where you are the main character in an HP Lovecraft story, this is it.+ Very immersive. The mood is consistently creepy, and solving the mysteries in front of you almost feels realistic. The game sidesteps some of the traditional Point and Click cliches in favor of making things more realistic. (For example, you don't randomly pick up every object you see because you are going to need it for some convoluted reason later on.) For sure, this game gave me the feeling like I was really in the story.+ Very good story.Cons:- Although the game's problem-solving is normally pretty realistic, this makes the game very hard. Remember how I said the game won't let you pick up some innane object that you'll need later? This means you have to remember where it is and come back for it if you need it. You'll spend a lot of time searching the same areas over and over looking for clues or small things you missed. This game would be very hard to beat without consulting a walkthrough at least once or twice.- I love the game's emphasis on having to read things in order to put clues together, but the mechanics of making you underline important clues in the documents doesn't work very well. It's very hard to see what the game will consider a relevant ""clue.""- Overall, the game can be quite frustrating, and it is very easy to get stuck.- The story is unresolved, making this game more episodic than standalone."
76561198099216008,Recommended,298930,25397104,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Laura Blues,"I wrote a very nice and thoughtful review, and then Steam decided to crash and I lost it. So, this is what you get instead.I liked it, didn't love it, and I'd only recommend it on sale. Great Lovecraftian atmosphere, cool and creepy suspense, awful logic.THE GOOD:+ Artwork and music rock and build a wonderful atmosphere.+ Minimalist dialog (compensates with long reading, which I dig).+ Thinking screen: great idea! (the execution... less so).THE ""MEH..."":* The story had great potential, but felt both overdone and not enough.* The gameplay of some puzzles got annoying (5 consecutive clicks just to try a thing in the other thing?? really?).* Voice acting could be facepalming at times. Fortunately there wasn't much.THE BAD:- The ending felt rushed, full of plot holes and lose ends.- Finding clues was akin to pixel hunting for that little item in the corner.- Deducting from clues had little to no logic most of the times.- Difficulty levels can be a cool idea, but they WILL prevent you from getting achievements and stuff. Or you will pull out all your hair with tons of pages of text and stop enjoying the reading.All in all, it wasn't that bad that it hindered my experience. I did enjoy the ride, but I would only recommend this one on sale, and only if the downside isn't much of a big deal for you."
76561198110841206,Recommended,298930,29408834,Posted: 21 January,all,Horror Whore,"Its like Myst and the Psychological Horror genre had a baby. My two favorite things combined into one.On a more detailed note, I really appreciate this game for giving me replay value. I only found 11/40 hidden clues, so I'm sure I missed a lot of the story which I can better find with a second playthrough. Or third or fourth?I'll definitely be keeping zoetrope on my radar."
76561198259917516,Recommended,298930,22074985,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,The Gentleman Alchemist,"Huzzah, at long last, a Lovecraftian game that understands Lovecraft.Whilst most games wearing the tag ""lovecraftian"" are content with waving a few tentacles about (obviously so lovecraftian, did you know he also wrote a great deal of hentai?), this game gets the subtlety and nuance of his writing.An dark little point and click romp through the fetid thoughts of a lovecraft fan. At points throughout this game the atmosphere was almost tangible, oozing from my monitor, gripping me within its eldritch grasp. The puzzles and thoughts kept my mind racing, jumping from conclusion to conclusion, waiting to uncover the next secret or clue.I am all praise for this delectible slice of true lovecraftian gaming, but one does feel it necessary to point out some of the flaws.If you don't like lovecraft, this probably is not the game for you. This game is Lovecraft to the bone, even crediting him as the creators biggest inspiration.The graphics. Now if unpolished graphics are enough to put you off this game, then you sir are a fool and i already know that you would not enjoy this game. But yes, the graphics and 3d models aren't the best, but that does not detract from the experience in the slightest. Hell, i'd even say that the unnaturalness of the charcter models adds to the creepiness.Knowing where to go next. Occasionally you can be left stumped. You've found a clue, YOU know where you want to go due to thinking ahead, but in the game you haven't found the exact clue that the game wants you to find. Having to double check everything is tedious.One small problem I had, which i intend to remedy, is the shear number of loose ends for instanceI know that Arthur was something to do with the cult, but i couldn't find a way to follow up on this..But I'm sure going over parts again would clear these up.Overall I highly recommend this. Nothing new to Lovecraft fans, just the same cliches, but they're the same cliches we know and love. Difficult though it may be, the story is intrigueing and I couldn't get enough. A must play for fans of this style of game."
76561198031765203,Not Recommended,298930,23700466,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,SleepThieff,"Darkness Within: In Pursuit of Loath Nolder, though containing superb writing, is difficult to recommend due to its unintuitive UI/inventory system and an overbearing difficulty.UI/Inventory:The game uses an interesting concept where you must combine clues you have found into a ""Brain/Think"" panel. As another reviewer pointed out, I had to look up in a guide how to simply open an envelope. I had the envelope opener and I had the envelope, yet I couldn't figure out how to open it. Shouldn't this raise an alarm that the inventory system is a bit wacky?There is another clue system where you must find specific information in texts and underline clues. When the pages of texts become 5+ pages of information, this becomes tedious and frustrating. While I enjoy reading and encourage it, reading for the sake of finding 1-3 words per page in a multiple page document simply becomes silly. This actually has the opposite effect of the joy of reading. You are no longer reading for the joy of reading. You are being forced to read for clues and it's no longer fun - it's disappointing.Story and Writing:The writing is superb. There is tons of backstory and the world/environment is beautifully brought to life through language. The characters are developed well and the world feels alive. This is definitely the strongest appeal to the game.Graphics and Sound:I liked the graphics for this game. The visuals create a dark and mysterious vibe that brings the story to life. The sound compliments the visuals quite well with heavy sound effects such as clocks ticking, floorboards creeking, doors slamming, casettes playing...Overall:The story and writing is superior quality. It's honestly some of the best writing I've seen in a game. It was impressive. Unfortunately the inventory system and the way you combine clues is simply not intuitive. If I had to look up a guide simply to understand the basic mechanics of the game then that means one two things:A) The game developers did not take enough time explaining the inventory system well orB) The inventory system is overly complex and not intuitiveI think if the inventory/clue/underlining system was improved and made more clear, it would tone down much of the difficulty of the game. You want to have a balance of difficulties in a game like this, but also you want your players to experience the story (it's written so well!) By making the difficulty so high you are actually deterring your players from finishing the game because of the frustrating experience."
76561198014898188,Recommended,298930,12964209,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,drewberculosis,"I thought this game was awesome, but as you can see by somebody's negative review it may not be for everyone. That being said, here's how I rate it:Story/AtmosphereThis is ""Lovecraftian"" or ""Lovecraft-inspired"" but it's not actually a rendition of any of Lovecraft's works that I know of, it's an original story, which is fine. But the game still manages to be more faithful to Lovecraft than CoC or other mythos titles! That's because, like other peple have pointed out, they don't resort to jump scares or: ""hey look, a Deep One! Oh my god isn't that scary?!"" Which I personally feel CHEAPENS Lovecraft's stories. But you do get glimpses of unknown things, like an actual H.P. protagonist. The game is very atmospheric, you'll be clicking your way through empty (??) mansions and other locales, wondering if you're actually alone in here as you find more clues.GameplayYou don't move with WASD, you click your way around & you click on everything. The puzzles on Day 1 & 2 were pretty straightforward & most players will probably speed through the first part of the game, but then things start getting more and more obtuse and harder to solve. But nothing really stood out to me as a ""WTF were they thinking??"" moon-logic puzzle. Sometimes you might get frustrated because the character won't do something you think you're supposed to be able to do. In that case, you probably need to trip an event flag, and that most likely means using the ""Think"" feature where you combine 2 clues that you've found to deduce a new clue from that.  ""Investigating"" documents was pretty neat, that means when you read (some of) the files that you find throughout the game, you need to manually highlight the important info from within the text so that the character gets a new clue & can make more progress.Final Score 8/10  Overall very good, I liked it but maybe 1 or 2 frustrating puzzles and the game is a little short. Oh, and also you sometimes have to REALLY scour every inch of the environment to find an item, that 's a little frustrating too!If you don't like point-and-click games, or need your games to have lots of action then you're for sure not going to like this."
76561198006629712,Recommended,298930,12981040,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Jazz,"I really recommend this game for people who like me like psychological horror/mystery in the style of Silent Hill. It takes alot of inspiration from H.P. Lovecrafts works!  There is no action or something like that, the pace is slow with alot of text which maybe will scare away some players, but thats the whole point I think. It's what makes it so scary and eerie. The Lovecraftian feeling is spot on!"
76561198151587069,Recommended,298930,12973462,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,nekadnow,"Edit: After 14 hours, I finished the game, but without unlocking quite a few secrets. I have to say that I was a bit let down by the ending, but still thoroughly enjoyed the game. The atmostphere and creep factor was great. You have to play a ways into the game to really get to the good stuff. I definitely recommend it to anyone who likes the genre.If you like point and click mysteries, especially those in the horror genre, this game is for you. There are some decently scary scenes in the game, but it's really more about immersion and atmosphere. I find myself completely immersed in this game, badly wanting to unravel that next thread, but also dreading where it might take me. It will keep you playing. Most of the puzzles I've seen thus far aren't trivial, giving you a feeling of accomplishment when you finally solve them.The only complaint I have is that I've run into a bug (I think). When I click on something to zoom in (like a statue or calendar), it zooms correctly for a split second, then the camera immediately moves to the left and zooms way in, cutting out the thing I'm supposed to be looking at. Besides being annoying, this makes it nearly impossible to proceed in the game and I can't find a fix for it anywhere."
76561197969749884,Recommended,298930,25275845,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Sarkoth,"One of the best Lovecraftian adventures I've played in a while. It's far from triple A, but it has lots of soul and great atmosphere."
,Recommended,298930,20569693,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Oberscharführer,"Однозначное да, я даже не хочу расписывать ничего, потому что эта игра однозначно достойна быть пройденой в случае, если:Point'n'Click ещё привлекают вас (мало популярны, но крайне необычны)Обилие моментов, над которыми необходимо хорошо подумать, доставляют вам удовольствиеВы верите в интригующие сюжеты от малоизвестных разработчиков (без стёба)Ваш любимый писатель - Лавкафт (разработчики вдохновлялись его творчеством, без труда можно найти пасхалочку с его портретом ;)Если вы, так же, как и я хотите получить удовольствие от квестов, которые просто перестали делать.2 и более пунтов сошлись?И вы ещё думаете?!"
76561197969782921,Recommended,298930,17074931,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Flatline,"Very atmospheric, very subtle take on a Lovecraft-inspired tale about a strange cult that seems to really, REALLY like to illuminate every environment with waist-high lamps and braziers.Almost no jump scares, just the steady building of dread and a whole lot of puzzles. The puzzles are the only downside, really; they're Myst-like in their obscurity at times, and often require a lot of reading.The visuals, sound effects and soundtrack are all very well done. If you're a fan of fairly slow-paced mysteries, give it a try."
,Recommended,298930,15499836,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,✿qndrch✿,"It's an alright game, if you don't go into it with hopes that are too high. On the good side, it's a fairly tasteful homage to Lovecraftian horror and it doesn't use cheap jump-scares to build tension....on the bad side, it doesn't build up too much tension at all. The soundtrack and sound effects are pretty good, but highlighting documents and reading books are only tense for so long. A few of the puzzles also depend on recalling specific details, and the document-reading system gets a tad frustrating at times. If you (as the player) have figured out what to do next, you won't be able to do it until you (as a character) have strung together the correct sequence of thoughts. :/ The ending is also underwhelming.All in all, if you want a slightly sp00ky puzzle game (but not a horror game) to play for a few hours, get this, but only if it's on sale."
76561198029589072,Recommended,298930,29949954,Posted: 15 February,all,Goufy,"What a glorious game! With intense atmosphere and creepy music this game spooked me more than any other adventure game so far. Great job for such a small team and a much better tribute to old HPL then most games. The story and writing are oozing with love for the Cthulhu Mythos and will hook you in!That being said: I think if you are not a hardcore adventure gamer, then the game will be pretty difficult.Best played late at night with a cup of coffee/tee and some good headphones!"
76561198004068936,Recommended,298930,21743047,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Luke (CZ/EN),"Excellent horror point 'n click adventure game. Very old school, very atmospheric. Just one minor problem can hamper your enjoyment. You have to search and underline keywords and phrases in the documents you find. Howard also collects his thoughts which you can then combine in a system I call ""think tank"". The system itself is fine and you can finish the game without finding all the keywords and phrases and combining all the thoughts and clues. However if you want to get all the achievements and uncover all the secrets, the game requires you to go through all the documents several times, in A GIVEN ORDER, otherwise it won't let you underline certain keywords. Several times during the game I found myself AHEAD of the main character, just because I figured out the solution or plot points in advance thanks to the obvious keywords I was not able to underline and thoughts I was not able to combine, because the game did not want me to YET.  Overall though this is a great game and I strongly recommend it."
76561197981082669,Recommended,298930,30602486,Posted: 18 March,all,cougarsmane,"In Pursuit of Loath Nolder was an interesting experience. The story was quite well told and while the actual gameplay hasn't really aged particularily well, I can appreciate the Lovecraftian purity of the whole thing. Being a bit of a Lovecraft geek, at times the atmosphere and mystery made me actually giddy. By these merits alone I have no choice but to recommend the game for fans of the genre.Visual and aural (sound) aspects of the game were quite good. Voice acting didn't hurt my ears, and all the ambient sounds were of decent quality, if somewhat overused. For an indie game like this, and having played quite of few of these, I felt the game had a surprising amount of polish in places.However, my recommendation comes with a caveat: be prepared for clunky gameplay, some annoying pixel hunting and typical problems of indie games of this sort. The gameplay is manageable when you make progress. The problems arise when you get stuck. I had to take a few peeks at a walkthrough during my playthrough, simply because random experimentation with the game's control mechanics would have been simply too much of a grind and probably ruined the entire mood of the story for me. Unless you are a player who ABSOLUTELY must figure everything out on your own, my advice is to keep the walkthrough handy for thosehopelesslystuck moments. I personally feel you are doing yourself and the story a favor by doing so."
76561197964345647,Recommended,298930,30969083,Posted: 5 April,all,Sazo,"For the horror adventurer fan I would recomment this one.  The atmosphere is excellent, story engaging, but I cannot say this is on the top of my favorites.I really enjoyed the underlining mechanics for clues and piecing together objects to form ideas!The story flows well, but I cannot say that it is overall satisfying, rather only a rollercoaster through the atmosphere."
76561198003233400,Not Recommended,298930,32322688,Posted: 10 June,all,fieryace,"I might change my review as I put more time into the game, but from what I've seen so far I can't recommend it.The reviews talking about needing to use guides weren't joking. I had assumed they were talking about slightly illogical puzzles or difficult to find objects, as you would expect in just about any point and click style game. But, no, it comes down to horrible game design. Right away you find an object that will help you retrieve another object. The in-game tutorial tells you how to activate the object, once you have figured out where you need to use it, and tells you that all objects in the game will *always* be used in this way. The problem is that the object that you have now retrieved needs to be used with another object in your inventory. None of the standard methods for doing this, used in hundreds of other games, will actually work. Instead, the game usees a completely different system that is both unintuitive and hidden under a submenu in the inventory.Maybe the story or atmosphere will make up for it, there must be a reason for positive reviews, but right now poor game design is completely interfering with my ability to enjoy it."
76561198278957965,Recommended,298930,25030317,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,lucky.stella,"Great game!This game is amazing and scary. The fear of unknown (darkness, creaking sounds, whispers, etc.) is built so masterfully that few times I had pounding heartbeat, clicking like crazy to ""run away"" and ""turning around"" to locate the source of weird, scary noises :)Puzzles and clues are difficult (played as a ""senior detective"", so no hints), but logical (I have cheated once in the end with disc puzzle, and when I saw the solution - facepalm!)Really enterntaining and challenging game!From the person that is scared of dark cellars and attics."
76561197993626713,Recommended,298930,23750751,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,NailDive,"I almost always have a couple of point-and-click adventures of some description installed and in varying states of completion. I find them to be fairly casual games to play for the most part, that I can play while the Mrs. is watching some rubbish on TV, and that I can simply pause or escape out of when the serious business of being a thirty-something year old child is invariably interrupted. But there are always exceptions, and ten minutes of gameplay is usually enough to tell when you’re playing one, and these are the ones that are worth savouring; These are the ones that you want to have the house to yourself to play, and even then you’ll wear headphones just in case some rude individual knocks on the door with the misguided assumption that you care about what they have to say. No, good Sir, today is the day that I am playing, The Darkness Within: In Pursuit of Loath Nolder. I care not for your free light bulbs, kindly leave without knocking.I don’t claim to be any type of expert on Lovecraft, but I have read quite a bit of his work, and anyone who is familiar with even only the most commonly referenced stories would know that his protagonists consistently speak of how they must hide the knowledge they have uncovered at all costs, even unto death. It should come as no surprise then, that when a game comes along that can truly own the tag of “Lovecraftian”, that it’s going to be f*$%ing hard to piece together what secret cults, madmen, and good old-fashioned wizards and necromancers, are trying so hard to keep secret. The Darkness Within is an excellent game for quite a few reasons, the most straightforward of these however, is that it’s honest.As Detective Howard E. Loreid, the player uses a unique and somewhat complex inventory/problem solving interface, to sift through the information and puzzles that are uncovered throughout the course of an investigation into a man’s death. This interface is used to make the mental connections between certain clues and items found throughout the game, and you’re made to work for it a lot of the time, just like a real detective. There are no shortcuts. You will paw over documents multiple times to unlock the secrets they contain, and there will be no picking up of random items in the hope that they will come in handy later. Oh no, if you want to pick up that pot in the kitchen and carry it around, you had better have already figured out why. And how good is that!? It makes sense. It also forces you to pay attention and remember where things are, and where you might need to revisit to get what you need later.The locations are well crafted with plenty of suggestively dark corners and creative use of lighting, and do an excellent job of setting the mood for the unfolding story. These locations are also very faithfully “Lovecraftian”. Gambrel roofs, brooding forests, tunnels, and richly-appointed studies all make an appearance, and the supplementary material that is found within these environments is also very faithful to a true Lovecraft horror. I can’t get enough of all the diagrams and sketches, and all the little extras that go into making a game that has depth. I love it. There’s plenty in The Darkness Within: In Pursuit of Loath Nolder to satisfy fans of stories like, “The Case of Charles Dexter Ward”, and, “The Statement of Randolph Carter”.Zeotrope Interactive have proved that they understand the importance of sound, and lack thereof, to create suspense in a game. Creaking floorboards, whistling draughts, and oppressive bouts of silence are all used to great effect, and the hauntingly-crafted musical tracks provide excellent ambience to their respective environments.The character models do have that classic PS1 kind of look about them, but honestly, for me they add a subtle level of creepiness to the game that I actually find very endearing. I like my horror games to be weird and kind of f#%*ed up in that way, so this period-style character animation fits perfectly for my taste.If you like Lovecraft, and I’m not talking about bull$#it tentacles and cartoon plush toys; I’m talking about well researched, and caringly executed homages to classic literature, then you will like this game. Just be mindful of the fact that this is not a game for those with lazy brains who just want to grind out yet another point-and-click. This game is about a detective working to solve a mystery, and sometimes you’re going to have to take a second look at things to fully understand what is going on. Likewise, it’s not a game for people looking for easy jump scares or Penumbra-esque games of hide and seek; This is a game for people who understand what was considered “horror” at the turn of the last century. At the time of this review you can pick this game up for $1.99 US during the 2016 Summer Sale, and that’s an absolute bargain for the quality of game you will get in return."
,Recommended,298930,20708387,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,kemul,"Wow, this game is great. Darkness Within is a horror point-and-click game that tells us about a detective that searching for a murder case.Pros:-. Great puzzles and story. The story is about some occult tho, but it's interesting.-. Nice graphics, even in the day this review is written standard.-. Chilling atmosphere and soundtrack gives a nice horror situation.-. So. Many. Secrets.The secret in this game will tell the greater depth of the storyCons:-. The secrets is realy difficult to found-. Some puzzle is a bit hard. Sometimes I don't know what to do after some events.?:-. IMO, The story is a bit confusing. I don't really get the story. Maybe I missed many details :\7.5/10"
76561198044975287,Recommended,298930,13091662,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Synfull Habbits,"If you like PnC adventure games, you'll like this one. Great game, really. I'd give it a solid 8.5/10. Great story, graphics are excellent and the price is right for the time you'll get out of it. Some of the puzzles are easy, some are VERY difficult and some aren't even obviously there unless you screen search a lot. There is a slightly more than average amount of back-tracking for some of the puzzles due to item spread, but over-all this was a good purchase.I am Reli, and I approve this message!"
,Recommended,298930,23278692,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,valar,"One of those great detectives where ""the last piece of puzzle is somewhere in the beginningor hidden theeeeere in a small box behind a picture on the wall"" and you should always keep it in mind. The key to the Darkness Within is to immerse yourself in its narration. Otherwise you shall never complete it.This is a good example of a game where the abscence of our beloved entities and bloody episodes is just what we need. For although someone tries to reflect Lovecraft's  novels by spilling blood over the walls, I think the best way to introduce people His world is to show them a mystery. No violence and goreand strong language what is suitable for children under 12 years old. Darkness Within makes you reveal what is hidden.The atmosphere is truly fantastic, I can almost feel what's intended to - chill, thrill, the smell of old books and mould.I give it 7/10"
,Recommended,298930,24416200,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,sniper932,"Don't think you're gonna solve all the riddles on your own (fortunately main puzzles are logical). You would have to take your time to combine, mix and underline everything in every place in every possible way. Well, in fact, even this could fail to be honest. Sometimes you would need to be able to read developers minds. Walkthrough is vital in many parts of the game (for about 30% of actions). That's significant con which occasionally makes the gameplay dumb.But...Everything else- atmosphere, plot, voice acting, soundtrack, ambient sounds are simply brilliant and reminds me some of the best moments of Call of Cthulhu: Dark Corners of the Earth. The immersion is outstanding. If it would't be distracted by the need of using the walkthrough from time to time it would be even better."
76561198044524965,Not Recommended,298930,20704898,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,shub-niggurath,"This game might be fine, if you're into very slow paced games with an unfortunate control setup.It's 360 degree view but movement in the game is a very limited point-click setup.  This results in very very slow pacing (a step every ten seconds if you intend to run somewhere) and difficulty interacting with your environment.In addition, the Underline feature means that even though you read something and understand where it's taking you next, you have to underline it using a wonky tool and investigate it again...it's very tiresome.  Another example, you hear footsteps or creaks - it's not easy to move quickly in that direction to investigate.The way you interact with clues and the tutorial for those features is really unhelpful sometimes.I didn't progress more than 1.7 hours.  The story is intriguing, and I'm a huge Lovecraft/weird fiction fan so this was promising.  Unfortunately the controls and clue UI got in the way to the point of being too prohibitively frustrating.  One thing on the story is there is a good amount of reading material which I am in no way opposed to, however it is often needlessly flowery and melodramatic.Overall I found it to be a very frustrating, laborious process and that's not something I look for in a game.  I'm hoping part 2 doesn't suffer from the same problems but I have no idea."
76561198047082073,Not Recommended,298930,31909680,Posted: 22 May,all,Fugit,"This game has a lot of good atmosphere, and I consider it a true horror game, because it does not rely on jumpscare for make you♥♥♥♥♥♥in your pants.BUT, prepare yourself for:- Going back and forth hundreds of times in the same rooms, hoping to find that little tiny clue you need. Hours down the drain.- Reading (relatively long) documents that you cannot bring with you. Which of course have information you need to solve the riddles. And everytime you need them, you have to go back in that very room, for read it again.- Rely at some point on a walkthrough, at least for help you know where you have to search for the damn clue.- NOTHING WILL BE ANSWERED. After solving 12 hours of riddles, you reward is NOTHING. This game doesn't resolve anything at all. I mean, the whole point of playing this detective kind of games is to find out at the end who/how/what/where and why."
76561198083289730,Recommended,298930,19789073,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,lex,"For an oldie this game had me playing for more than 8hrs, I admit that I even had to lookup a walkthrough because I got stuck at some point (yeah I'm probably not to bright :)). I found this game fun to play, it had an eery feeling about it, somewhat mystical, I loved it!It's not that great in the graphics department (though certainly not bad), but it makes up for that by its story line...Recommended!"
76561198166448386,Recommended,298930,13245919,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,ryansleeperhayes.rh,"This game is basically an aquired taste.It's got a pretty good storyline and a nice creepy feel to it. It's also not very intense, just relaxing. something good to play if you've got a spare hour.It's not very intuitive though and confusing at times. Prepare to get stuck on a few of the puzzles and research walkthoughs to get yourself out.I'd recommend it but you have to be sure this is your kinda game first."
,Not Recommended,298930,26016408,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,RipWitch,"""Darkness Within 1: In Pursuit of Loath Nolder"" is a point and click horror game inspired by Lovecraft's works. While I have not read any of Lovecraft's books to know what exactly is Lovecraftian horror, a quick search shows that Darkness Within does incorporate those elements.Playing as Howard Loreid, you come in to see his memories of events taken place during an investigation of a murder, the main suspect? Loath Nolder. Strange events starts happening to Loreid, questioning what is real and what is not. However, Loreid becomes more or less obsessed with finding Loreid, which is not exactly built upon other than being curious. He is also plagued with nightmares, playing on the hopelessness in Lovecraftian works, that cause him to disappear from the world ranging from a few hours to days (the question is, how is he not starving after being out for multiple days). Darkness Within for the most part handles the transfer of knowledge between the character and the player well. However, the storyline can easily become confusing and suffers from the slow pacing. Its the atmosphere, each surrounding hightened by the ambient tracks. The voice acting is handled well, giving you a sense of other characters.The gameplay, however, is awkward and in some cases annoying. While it does have a 'thought' area where you can combine clues to come to a conclusion, it often ends up as a guessing game. In the same area, you can combine items together, but does not tell you how. It doesn't reset, so when you are combining items with clues you can end up leaving the items in the combining section making you think the game bugged out. Only when do you reload and move on do you realize the real reason. To progress, it often has you going back and front to look at a book or document to find an obscure clues (using outlining) and halting progression (even when it is obvious).Darnes Within lies in the borderline of being a good game, and if the pacing and interface was better, I would recommend it, but as it is used as a progression device I can't. If you happen to catch it while it is on sale (like I did), it is worth a try solely to see the story. Just make sure to have a guide handy if you get stuck, or want to find all the secrets to get all the achievements in one play.Overall:+ voice acting+ atmosphere building+ dream sequences+/- documents needed to obtain clues to proceed can be mostly fluff+/- easily forgettable+/- confusing storyline+/- progression requirements- motivation glossed over- interface- pacing"
,Recommended,298930,31869870,Posted: 20 May,all,JoeBlack4U2,"Great adventure game! It succesfully creates a dark, spooky atmosphere through graphics, sounds and the story. It's a slow burn, it requires a lot of reading documents and searching for clues. I really enjoyed it!"
76561198078830918,Recommended,298930,17737813,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Sheisty Individual,Very gooooooddddd.Use your brain until it explodes.How does one come up with such dark distorted stories?Each location is more glaucous and gloomy than the other.Its fantastic artwork on each screen.I want more like this.
76561197979337900,Recommended,298930,21295352,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,guitar_chick05,"The Darkness Within is quite a tale told mainly through past events. I loved how it ended. However, some of the game mechanics made it rather difficult. The most difficult mechanic is using the think boxes where you have to put clues together in order to come to a conclusion. While interesting on paper, this mechanic added another level of difficulty to an already somewhat difficult game. This game does not handhold you through the story and I found it to be somewhat difficult to determine where I was supposed to go at times, eventually referring to a walkthrough because I was so frustrated. Only to find that I was simply to continue to go back and re-review a letter or book that I had already seen.If I had to decide to play the game again, I would purely because the story was so entertaining and thought provoking. However, would I play it again after knowing what the story is? Probably not unless I was really bored and had nothing better to play.I would recommend this game for a seasoned adventure/point and click gamer who is interested in analyzing the text and  a mechanic that you need to use to decide what to do next and advance the story."
,Recommended,298930,20403398,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Waste of Semen,"Atmosphere.The game has it.Maybe even a little too much, if there's such a thing.10/10 will continue to play for 10 mins at a time"
,Recommended,298930,17541651,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Thanatos,"This game has an interesting plot, challenging puzzles, and a creepy environment. The plot stays true to Lovecraftian fiction if you consider the main character's struggle and even more so if you consider the second half of the plot. The puzzles and clues to solve them are unique and interesting and are sure to intrigue players. The environment is also creepy but I regret to say that there is no sense of an immediate danger so that creepiness dissipates quickly.However, it suffers from some dated graphics, confusing user interface, some typos (there are some typos in the in-game letters), and some unsolveable puzzles. The character's designs are notably dated however you rarely run into NPCs in this game so it is not that intrusive on your experience. But the user interface will annoy you primarily due to the way you inspect and combine items. Additionally, some puzzles may be too difficult for the casual gamer.When I played this game I frequently consulted walkthroughs because it was my first point-and-click mystery game and I did not have the patience to backtrack and search. So keep in mind this game requires patience and attention to detail otherwise you might be frustrated if that is not your cup of tea.You might notice that the end feels rushed and I think this may have to do with the publishing company Lighthouse Interactive going out of business before the game could be published. Also, the development team for this game wasn't too big since Zoetrope Interactive consists of three people. So keep that in mind if you feel like criticizing the game. But regardless it's an enjoyable game that is relatively cheap and you have nothing to lose by buying it if you like point-and-click games."
76561198027317098,Recommended,298930,24168247,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Heretic,"Very good Lovecraftian story. Great Atmosphere and dread sequences. The interface and game mechanics are a little confusing, like the game requires you to combine itens and even ideas (yes, you read it right) but makes no explanation on how its done in the first place.The detective stuff is very good and you can even finish the game without gathering all the clues and solving all the loose ends. Overall, great game!"
,Recommended,298930,13194618,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,MadeUnderground,"I would have given this game a much higher review if the story actually completed itself. The main thing that drives me to finish games (because I have a pretty short attention span and patience) is the story. If there is no story, then I can't really finish the game.Well, the story was excellent during the majority of the game. The fact that it ended without some conclusions is what really killed it for me.Don't ready any further if you haven't played the game and plan on playing it since the following points contain some spoilers:-What happened to Loath Nolder? Yes, we find him but then that's it. His voice sounds weird and then zilch.-Who was the random prisoner guy? At first I thought he was Nolder, then Edward, now no clue. And what was the purpose of having him there? (I can surmise some guesses, but it's just that, guesses.)-Why does it matter that Howard's friend, Arthur, refers to Edward in the same way that Ivar.. (or whatever, I.B.) does? I mean Howard makes a point, to ask the question, ""where did I hear him being referred to as an 'old fool' again?"" I guess it could just be that we were supposed to link that particular letter and the identity of the person they were talking about in the letter, but the way that it came off I was thinking, ""OH Snap! Arthur's involved!""-The ending where we don't really know whether Howard has gone insane or not is totally fine with me. I'm okay with open ended, are they crazy or are they not kind of movies/games, but I just wish those other things above were sort of just answered.Anyway, it's possible that there were explanations in the game for all my points above and if that's the case, please comment and explain those things to me.So, I would originally have rated this game a 3-4 out of 5, but because of what felt like an underdeveloped/incomplete plot, it's 2. All that time spent on the game, to reach the conclusion and get some sort of explanation aaand... Nada.With all that being said, I think I would still recommend the game to people who are really into Adventure games. I would warn them that they may not be satisfied with the incomplete plot though."
76561198009782843,Recommended,298930,22321080,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Atheist,The best horror adventure game ever. EVER.
76561198032065705,Not Recommended,298930,24243007,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Jack_Wagon,"The biggest mystery is the UI. Even though I'm a big Lovecraft fan, I couldn't keep track of the story in the labyrinthine effort to figure out what to do and how to use different clues. I can't really play this game for more than 20 minutes at a time because it's so tedious and mind-numbing.It's so boring, I am physically tired after playing it."
,Recommended,298930,18494323,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Bù rén jiangshi,"This game is awesome... Will have you on your turns with every turn, with every new discovery...  Don't play this game at night or The Darkness Will Pull You In!"
,Recommended,298930,18438125,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Sangreal Isah,"It's very heavy on reading, with amazing lovecraftian-esque tidbits & poetry scatterd throughout. The music and ambiance are on a pant-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ level themselves, so yeah. If you love adventure games and if you love sleeping with the lights on, 10/10 would run away screaming again"
76561197981588360,Recommended,298930,18295434,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,40GallonTophat,One of my favorite games ever.  Scary in a slowly building kind of way.
,Recommended,298930,18309591,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Miguel,"I got this in the sale and honestly only just started playing it at around 5 thismorning because I left my mouse in another county. Very glad that I did!Normally I am a complete wuss with anything even remotely horror-related when it comes to games. However, the story here intrigued me enough to muscle through it.That's not to say the game isn't scary. Well, I wouldn't call it terrifying but it certainly builds an uneasy, creepy atmosphere wherever you go. However, at times I was laughing at the graphics and sound effects (one area actually has ""woooooooo"" ghost noises!) but hey, it entertained me!The puzzles are challenging but doable (although I confess I did cheat a couple of times because I'm impatient!). You have to be very particular at times, not just vaguely heading in the right direction. This can be frustrating at times but it depends on the type of puzzle gamer you are!Overall would give it a 7/10: Interesting story, good atmosphere, but sadly lacking in replayability and graphics are a bit outdated."
,Recommended,298930,25695434,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,liquidd666,"An inmersive dark point and click game, with a strong load of psychological terror and many text to read.Some of the UI is not user friendly, for instance the clue mixer... but once you get that is ok.Another problem is the fact the game doesn't autosave and making certain choices can abruptly end the game... so be aware and save your progress frequently.I had many graphic issues with Bootcamp (windows installed on a mac) so if you use native windows and the game is below 5$ I would recomend it."
76561198035696471,Recommended,298930,20882007,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Chifu-Ni,"I only have so little time spent on this game because at one point I got so scared, I quit and had to ask my friend to stream it while she played for me instead..."
76561198063446967,Recommended,298930,14500571,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,YasheshRathod,"This game has a theme that you might have never experienced before. There are many games with genres like horror, survival horror etc but this game has unique genre of it's own which I would like to call as ""THE LOVECRAFTIAN HORROR"". After having read plenty of Lovecraft's wierd tales I decided to plunge into this game to see how it's like to be actually inside of one of his tales. And to my astonishment this game actually captures his theme to a very good extent. Now as the gameplay wise there are puzzles to be solved, places to be investigated, notes to be read and studied. You would have to work with the patience to enjoy this game at it's full potential. Don't go around speed-running through the whole game. Now it would sound stupid but the best part i've found in this game is finding diffrent notes and reading it because it's basically your part of the storyline, off course you get few of cut scenes but those notes which you find as letters, diaries or as fragments of news papers are just amazing. And yes one more thing, it's got good sound tracks which suit perfectly to the lovecraft theme.The main menu sound track reminds me of one of the Lovecraft's best tales called ""The Music  of Erich Zann"". And have I mentioned that it's a ""LOVECRAFTIAN HORROR"" game?! And that alone should be more than enough at least for.me to get into this game."
76561198176937943,Recommended,298930,17177997,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,daneandnori,good little game foe your Lovecraft fix. Good use of sound to set a atmosphere.
76561197969875942,Recommended,298930,23633273,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Dvine,"A point and click Amnesia, this game is one of the few, like Amnesia itself, that delivers real Lovecraftian atmosphere and the psychological horror of a man struggling to keep his sanity while going mad.Unlike most so called Lovecraft inspired games, and other media, that just confront the player with some tentacles and turn into an almost hentai-like parody of Lovecraft, completely missing the point.Anyway, that sums up the good parts of the game, the downside is the aged point and click format. The UI is convoluted, it showers you with text, and worst of all you may know or see items, but can't interact until you've solved a puzzle so that the game has decided that the protagonist will pick it up WTF!Instead of rewarding the logical mind these invisible barriers punish the logical mind, very bad game design.Conclusion; only buy the game if you are really into Lovecraft (like me), or really into point and click adventures, so you can deal with the flaws. Even then, get it only at a really good sale.Darkness Within: In Pursuit Of Loath Nolder, my first impression video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-OJpnLn7IbY"
,Recommended,298930,34669219,Posted: 1 September,all,james-barnett,"I have genuinely enjoyed this game (so far). Given the age of the game it's incredibly atmospheric with a detailed backstory that you discover as you work through it.I understand some of the gripes other players have noted - including the ""back and forth"" game play and inventory management system but ultimately I feel that the good outweighs the bad.Pros- Voice acting - excellent- Atmospheric music- Graphics - very atmospheric (a little dated)- Movement - I like the simple point, click and move premise - it works, don't knock it- Puzzles - can be fiendishly difficult but manageable by altering difficulty settings if necessary- Areas of exploration - more than I initially expected. These have grown substantially as I've played- Some nice spooky moments with some jumpy bits mixed in for good measure- Based on the work of HP Lovecraft (messed up but fun!)Cons- Inventory management can be a pain- I would have prefered some more freedom of movement (WASD) - purely mouse in this game (both in the sequel)"
,Recommended,298930,16270282,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Plushyesque,"I really enjoyed this game. It had that elusive quality where you couldn't wait to finish anything else so you could get back to playing it. I did have to consult a guide a few times, some puzzles can be a little complex, but I liked the gameplay overall. Really great atmopshere and voice acting. I'll definitely be picking up the sequel."
76561198028057789,Recommended,298930,15915081,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Il  Duce,"The story is good, and consistent with the Lovecraft horror genre. Graphics are ok, but hard to see at times because they are all so dark. This is a visual novel kind of game, where there aren't many choices to make and isn't much you need to do- it's about following the story and gathering information about it. If you go everywhere and click on absolutely everything, you'll be fine. Or use a walkthrough and those might or might not make your experience better, depending.The UI is absolutely maddening- everything is point and click. There are no keyboard controls. You need to open envelopes and such, but there is no indication of how to do so. A phone is ringing, but the one right next to you doesn't do anything when you look at it, click on it, etc. It will take you several minutes to realize there is a second phone you need to find and pickup in order to check your voicemail. You'll spend 90% of your first 2-3 hours of this game figuring out how to do simple things, which is just stupid. Whomever developed this UI should be beaten.If you can be patient with figuring out how to do simple crap and you can manage to not smash your computer on your driveway in frustration, this is an entertaining Lovecraft horror visual novel. Just don't come in expecting a very interactive game."
76561197999524048,Recommended,298930,16251957,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Burt Wendigo: Handsome Doctor,"Great game for hot summer nights when you wanna be somewhere dark and wet and moldy and... British.I bought this game on sale for its Lovecraftian feel and references and the game does not disappoint. Though, I'm not an expert, but I think some of the Lovecraftian stuff is mixed up and switched around.This is an old-style point-and-click, so how fortunate for you if you're too tired and lazy to do much more than that. Read. Underline. Do puzzles. Go insane for ten hours. Then buy the frustrating sequel  to see the conclusion(s)."
,Recommended,298930,15861666,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,"Boots, the Prophet","I found Darkness Within 1 is a rather queer point&click first person point of view adventure. You play as Howard Loreid, a former police detective. The game's sort of a flashback, as Howard is telling you, the player, the events that occurred that led to him ending up in an asylum. Beware, there is no jump scares and nothing related so don't buy this game if you want to get scared. The horror is implied in the atmosphere, and I was surprised by how much it got me immersed. Voice acting is a gem but appears only in a few dialogues, which is a shame. The sound is another strong point in this title. The only con I can think of is the playability (took me about five hours to complete). If you like point&click games, first person view games, horror games, I can really recommend you this title, I definitely enjoyed it a lot.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=443947627"
,Recommended,298930,15852343,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Tiger 360,"Loved it! Purchased it yesterday, Really fun game to sit down and play. 99999999999999999999999999999999999/10 worth every penny!"
76561198054159546,Not Recommended,298930,30398344,Posted: 8 March,all,Unicornslayerb,"this game took me about 7 hours to finish with the help of guides- Good job cultivating spooky atmosphere- Very few cliches and overused tropes- lackluster story- none of the characters were very well developed, I wasn't given a reason to care- ending felt like the creators got bored of making the game and just decided to end it there- Frequently got stuck due to lack of guidance- had trouble solving some puzzles because I had the right idea, I just wasn't doing it in the exact way they wanted- some puzzles required logical leaps that I'm still not sure about even though I know the solutionOverall I wanted to try out something new and I didn't particularly care for it. I doubt I will be recommending this to any of my friends. However, I suspect if you're a big fan of the genre you will probably enjoy this game."
,Recommended,298930,13602495,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Deranged Cultist,As a huge fan of H.P Lovecraft this game was just amazing.
76561197978273353,Recommended,298930,14040801,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Marhados,Lovecraft was a genius. Unfortunatly he is renowned today more than in his time. A lot of games has his universe and this one has his best(debatable). I can recognise the case of charles dexter ward in it(tm). It is a smart game that will make you think a lot. You must like puzzles.
76561198133587737,Recommended,298930,24094524,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,(ATaC) Zultan,"Sir Christopher Lee once said of the occult : 'I warn all of you: never, never, never. You will not only lose your mind, you lose your soul.'He was absolutely right - but now you can lose your mind & soul in a video game instead of real life!"
76561198160528436,Recommended,298930,19304579,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Bri_Carlisle,"I can't write much of a review for this game. I'm sure it's not for everyone. The unique puzzles in this game are interesting, but confusing, and often hard as in unthinkable. Without a walkthrough I would have requested my money back. Not a bad game at all, it is fun, gives the feel of playing a Call of Cthulhu rpg solo session. Story is good. Music is good. Graphics are AA for a point & click. I'm only having fun using the walktrhough....would be lost without it. Otherwise...10/10 Hope to go insane playing this game."
76561197982603847,Recommended,298930,21034992,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,alexki3,"Really good mystery/horror adventure, great atmosphere but with a bit too hasty finale."
,Recommended,298930,21022092,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Rez,Definetly get it on sale. Very difficult game though.
76561198015108252,Recommended,298930,23446432,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Bandol,"This game is really good. very dense story, and the game has this amazing unique mood, special on your own house.Its pretty hard thou, i used a guide in many passages, dont care, i was looking for the unfolding of the story anyway.worth every single penny."
76561198048211789,Not Recommended,298930,15678522,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,justin_whitman,"I gave up on this.  While it has some interesting ideas and a good atmosphere of horror, I found it much more difficult than many of the adventure games I've played.  It really gives you no goals, no hints, no ideas on what you're supposed to do next at all so you just sort of stumble around trying to figure things out by trying things at random.  After a couple of hours fiddling around and trying to figure out what i was supposed to be doing I gave up.  I'd like to recommend this game, it's an interesting concept, but I just can't."
76561198276915823,Not Recommended,298930,21407578,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,tripcyclone33,"Graphics Quality is poor. The game is too dark to even see where you are, and the user interface is clumsy and complicated. I gave up on this one out of frustration. The game story has a lot of potential, but it's in serious need of some updates. I cannot recommend this game at this time."
,Not Recommended,298930,34309548,Posted: 17 August,all,Catarina,"My feelings about this game are kinda mixed. I like it because it is an hidden object and puzzle game, but that's all I like in this game. Is not user friendly and you can't go for hints whenever you want, only in specific times, what makes it really hard, because when you're stuck you need to check a guide. Adding to this, and make it even more difficult is the fact that the game is not intuitive like other games I've played."
76561198008380153,Recommended,298930,34535977,Posted: 27 August,all,LeBernd,6/10
,Not Recommended,298930,15876864,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,ivyfoo,"I was going to give this game a good review, despite the poor graphics, because I was enjoying the game play. However, about 10 hrs into the game I encountered a game ended bug in which my flashlight disappeared, without a previous save to reload my game from, that was it, my game was over. Since I'm considerably annoyed by this, I will not be starting over from the beginning. It's a shame too because I was quite involved in the story.  As I am writing this review, this game is on sale for only 1.99. It's most certainly worth that price, I would suggest to you that if you hope to have a more positive experience than I did, have multiple saves, as I have learned there are many game ending bugs in this game."
76561198121694066,Not Recommended,298930,29099724,Posted: 7 January,all,SwizzelStick,"I really wanted to play this game but couldn't! Every two minutes the game would crash so I gave up, glad I bought it when it was on sale."
76561198095320504,Not Recommended,298930,21136013,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,freizeitheld,"At first i liked it. Lovecraftian, point-and-click, nice atmosphere, beginning was nice and interesting.But the puzzles are just unintuitive or  random, the main char isn't able to remember a single thing (or take items that you will need throughout the game - nooo! You have to run back every single time(!) you might need them) and it is absolutely slow. Another minus for controls and graphics.I HAD to play it with walkthrough. I was frustrated."
76561198297628101,Recommended,298930,31719914,Posted: 13 May,all,Arkhamkn1ght,GREAT GAME
76561198084403902,Recommended,298930,28954813,Posted: 2 January,all,Bii-chan,great game
,Recommended,298930,32309378,Posted: 9 June,all,TheSurprise,sick♥♥♥♥
76561198046675266,Recommended,298930,18866112,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Dustin,"Probably one of the most interesting Point-and-Click adventure games I've ever played.You're a detective finding clues and trying to find a muder suspect who escaped a hospital.I'm not very good at these games and there's a lot of puzzle solving, so overall I think it's decent.5/10"
76561198020270276,Not Recommended,298930,12984225,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,𝔓𝔬𝔴𝔦𝔡𝔩,"I did not enjoy this game as much as I hoped I would. I bought this game desiring, a scary, lovecraftian, point-and-click adventure. A scary mystery game would have been good enough. What I got was not at all scary and had a convoluted story expressed through shoddy English, overzealous sound design, and an annoying UI. The puzzles were decent though and all the clues necessary to complete them could be found through thorough play. The graphics were also surprisingly nice, not counting the character models, which look like something out of the early X games.There are some slightly tense moments in Darkness Within, but none of them are really scary and the sound design is a major culprit behind this problem. The ambient sounds are way too busy. It seems like there is a creak, the sound of somebody walking, howling wind, or distant talking every 5 seconds and though this may be alarming for the first thirty minutes of gameplay after that all the ambience does is drown out scripted sounds that actually might be scary if the player was not vaccinated to mysterious noise by all the random sounds constantly being generated.The main problem with the story is that a lot of threads are created, but by the end of the game only a couple of them, and the obvious ones at that, are resolved. The game ends way too abruptly, I guess because the developers want you to buy Darkness Within 2, but in that case they threw the bait way too soon. Also, the story is told through long texts written in poor English. I can tell the developers did not use a native English speaker to translate and in a game all about reading huge walls of text and extracting clues therefrom, good grammar is a must.The last big problem with Darkness Within is the UI and I am mainly referring to the inventory screen. The player only gets one row of slots for inventory items. By the end of the game, after many items have been collected, this becomes a problem, because one must slowly click arrow keys on the sides of the inventory row to reveal needed items. The reading screen also has a huge flaw. The arrows that control paging are at the very bottom of the screen. Coincidentally clicking on the bottom of the screen exits the reading UI, so if the player is not careful he can easily put the book away instead of turning a page by accident. This quickly becomes tedious. The last big flaw of the UI is the item/thought combination doohickey. When the player puts items into it those items stay there unless the player manually, tediously, puts them back into the annoying inventory row. Even when the inventory is closed, items stay in the combiner. All of these technical issues slow down an already slow game.On a scale of 1 - 10 I give this game a 5. I made it through and enjoyed some of it, but it was nothing special. I won't be buying the sequel."
,Not Recommended,298930,22745928,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Webby,Didn't like the controls and I got bored after an hour of reading notes.
76561198006120253,Not Recommended,298930,15054662,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Vintage_Green,"Plain and simple this game is broken. If you do not follow a guide/ Walkthrough, the game will bug out and break. Your inventory will loose certain items and calls will not be recieved. All because you had no clue the next room would make you pass out, and loose your invetory that you just picked up. How is anyone supposed to know to look at that certain items this one time, or loose it. None other times are like this. This game is broken.This game is broken Stay away. Unless you like to follow a game guide."
76561197998514411,Recommended,298930,17294330,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Starcucks,"The detective you play as is sort of dense. You will spend more time scavenging for clues to hold Howards hand so he can have an AHHA! moment to something you figured out hours ago.Pros -Creepy atmosphere-Always feels like something is behind you.-Music that fits the game perfectly.-Interesting lovecraft inspired story.-Unique clue system.Cons -Setting gets less and less creepy as you click through areas looking for something you missed.-You can't just figure out a lock combo. You have to find the clues for the lock combo and smash them together soHoward can figure it out. Even though you as a player already did.-Like I said the horror gets washed down after a while.-Kinda ends up being a scavenger hunt.This game would be some much better if you had full movement, you wouldn't even need anything added it's already creepy enough. It's just the point and click that kills the horror."
76561198209093463,Recommended,298930,17257487,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,n2h16c12,"Game instantly took over me when I entered my aparments lobby, the creepy dark atmsophere reminds me of my SIlent Hill days which I miss. So far 10/10."
,Recommended,298930,18970743,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,urusik_n1,Can't recommend it enough. One of the best adventure games and probably the best Lovecraft-inspired work out there.
76561198025386436,Recommended,298930,15448939,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,shub1000young,"Dated graphics but you barely notice, the amosphere and story are spot on. If you are a Lovecraft fan you need this game"
,Recommended,298930,14422833,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,rapscallionsmile,"Not the longest, or best looking game out there, but definitely worth a look for the story and atmosphere.My main criticism would be that some of the gameplay lacks initiative. Some of the puzzles are just so vague that you're left wondering where you're meant to go next. Also, some of the investigating can be a bit misleading. For example you can click on and inspect things which would help you in the story, but can you actually take and use them? No. Or rather you can, but you have to wait until later when the game finally prompts you to use said item.Despite that, the story is very compelling, creepy, but not really scary. The atmosphere has a sense of foreboding and oppressiveness about it, like any good Lovecraftian tale should. The game's atmosphere does a lot with very little, something it should be recognised for.I'd recommend this to anyone who wants a creepy point and click game, or anyone who appreciates a genuinely unsettling story that Lovecraft himself would be proud of. Also, at the price this is currently going for I don't think you can go wrong."
76561198034422566,Recommended,298930,14485513,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,jmfoubister,"Frustratingly hard at points, but still good"
76561198179874679,Recommended,298930,18471504,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Guarrior Chief,"Great game, awesome environments and Lovecraftian style narrative.Starting the second part."
76561198047791174,Recommended,298930,29192869,Posted: 11 January,all,boodah83,"If you like good point-and-click adventure games with lovecraftian stories and great atmosphere, you owe it to yourself to try Darkness Within 1; you can't really go wrong with this one.Probably one of my favorite games of this type (and maybe in general). I played it first in 2007, I think, and some scenes stuck with me all this time.Seriously, dude, buy this game."
